I'm thinking my momma and I should have a show on !
:
Disappointed is cutting vital funding for breast cancer prevention, screenings and education at centers.
I was checking the bbl site and saw you have a division named after you.
Congrats!
Dynamo can't beat LA without Davis.
DEMETRIUS GOTTA GO
Thanks !
Glad you liked the video.
Can you recommend a good one?
Giving your body is not the only way to get love, but your mind,heart,soul is what a person should really want more.
Pork shoulder in the oven for ' carnitas...
never made it before, anyone have advice?
check me out
Everyone deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
So excited I get to start my solo today 
Love is my gift to the world.
How others treat me is their path...
how I react is mine.
doctor Wayne Dyer
Come to tampa 9
RT : The beaches are lined with bones bleached white, Of men who with victory in sight,Sat down to think it over.
Unknown
Thx might do that, Problem is..I was speeding, but so was everyone else.
Oh well it's the weekend.
Always knew .
was overpriced  notworthit, but never knew they were so dirty.
Gross!
Never going there again!!!
I would like to disallow anyone who refers to students as the younger criminal element.
What kind of pizza?
Just finished hosting Accelerent Roundtable in BBJ conference room.
Made a couple of really good contacts including Choice Technologies,Inc
ill pass on the slurpie but im all about a long stroll
Congress owner seems like he needs to run his venue more responsibly, re: the greater community/neighborhood.
hahaha good old Lou Brown.
Man never walked on the moon.
we're on YouTube.
We don't have any official music.
We are working on covers.
Just look up Lost In public So Far Away cover
prayers for you all RT : Maybe we can get back to our normal soon.
What a roller coaster ride
Some days r better then the last...but im feeling like todays gna be a good day!
OK Anglers, What lure are you using today?
d said whats up, hit him up
dickey was at KS house to negotiate for job, Floyd calls DD took call, spent hr negotiating w Floyd in stallings living room
were you using the previous iPhone or is this a new conversion?
Looks like you are making up for lost time, my friend!
; 
almost ripped off testers head today
1/2 point PPR if healthy start McCoy tonight or Gore Sunday?
Fashion isn't something that exists in doctorsses only .It's in sky, street.
Fashion has to do with ideas, way we live, what's happeningChanel
let's talk!
Call or email us :
lol it's the hospital
go away bully.
Wrap your head around that one: RT : The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.
Cicero
ugh...
a so called friend.
Apparently all I'm good for is wwf games anymore.
:/
Fxck the past  the ppl in it...
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
One cannot quarrel without an opponent
RT .
from now up
it's okay if you do.
They're really cool guys!
Yes, its myspace.com/tailgatesouth!
Dan McGuiness is a great little pub!
We've been playing there for awhile now.
happy friday from Everybody Deserves Music!
We appreciate the work that you do
Last night's episode of Ringer was really good :
I'm confused.how can you be a social media, online marketing digital whatever company..but your clients aren't verified?
I like your style!!!
A little B.B.
King flavor!!!
Wow and only seventeen!!
the question is..how do scientists go past the physical?
didn't see this till after we left ...sorry buddy!
Fear will stop Action, Action will stop Fear!
follow me on twitter ;D
MT : Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
Wtf?!?!
This is pathetic ur not a true mahomie!!
Your a bully and have no life!!
Just leave Keyra alone!
Renfields will play Fright Farm Tonight!
Be there...
Or Beheaded!
ugh I turn 20 tomorrow.
Color Graphics today!
Sunset and Arville.
Chicago Dog 3 w/ peppers, tomato, relish, pickle and celery salt!
yes.
Very good stuff.
You need a special coffee maker for them...but it beats paying 5  SBux for a PSL!
Have fun!!
I miss all of you!!
: At the OTTY awards with and
20ThingsAboutMe 17: I am a genuinely NICE person.
People tend to take that kindness for a weakness, or being naive.
how does the blind teacher grade papers?!
Don't hate, cuz hating will not get you anywhere in life.
Hopefully it does better there, than it did here.
as a musician I thought it was a cool concept the judging system however is meh
for booking contact
Not only advertising but programs like LockUp  it baffles me
Be careful out there, green Chicagoans.
Adjectives I would never use to describe a visit to the post office: convenient, swift, delightful, efficient, peachykeen, satisfactory.
the fight on paper view hbo?
If you say so yourself!
Can a huge Ravens fan get a follow?
I go to Calvert Hall, the school you were at on Saturday?
Rain rain go away...
Idk why im tired i have done like nothing all day.
It was nice to have a day to relax with my family tho:
ah.
if you guys do decide to do video, keep us in mind:
Thatsa boy!
RT  I'm 27  I reserve the right to hug my mom at any time for any/no reason.She doesn't seem to mind!
Really excited because i found out a movie theater near me AND a grocery store sell
still a sea of cute doctorsses  the Ali Ro sample sale until 3pm today.
Stock now 50, samples 30, Donna Morgan doctorsses 2030.
Yes!
I'll keep you posted!
I sit in 313.
Where will you be?
Thanks for the RT!
You are now entered to win a 25 Best Buy Giftcard!
the should
Get your Tickets Now  The Canticum Novum Chamber Orchestra  Chorus Fall Concerts unjustly neglected masterpieces 10/15 Santa Fe...
more of a Brady guy myself
Its almost back to school time.
Have you started shopping yet?
Share with us any great deals you have found.
2 hrs before I gotta get up for work  I can't sleep bc I'm coughing my lungs out from being sick....:
I love you too babe :
I will be there tomorrow.
Hit u then :
UCSD's Geisel Library is important in Vinge's Rainbows End.
produced 3 childoctorn.
And they were lovely.
But Opal had a doctoram.
Isnt it fun to see the Consumer Mandate Market rear it Huge Head!
Supply side economics!
Such A Joke
They do seem to be a very respectable and exciting company.
Plus the models are so hot.
Lol
My dad thinks his jokes are hilarious, and I only laugh because of how bad they are lol gotta love him
Hell yeah bro good seeing you man
Thanks brah, there's more where that came from
He appears to be in pain.
use to play MK and shadowrun.
Played a little GH as well, but I wasnt ever any good at it.
Now I dont get to play much anymore.
i love you 3
lolol that's okay...
How about 7 at my school on Monday for the band concert...
I'm not in it but it's happening!
As the great Eric Reid would say...
Rad!
Where is it?
RT : Working the Magic School bus Live nothing better than bringing theatre to kids.
: If FB social interaction gets diluted, then is Twitter the way to build course / faculty community?
Our new vegan menus will be available April 23!
RT : Will launch its new vegan menu soon?
thanks for the follow and support keep being your jedi self and check out
RIP Amy Winehouse :
I had Hail Mary playin in my ears at Ralphs.
The bagger was like Yeah that song's tha shit.
Alright yeah, thanks.
Every time I made money it was here I said and if ma niggas asked for it, it was yea I said
Time to work again.
Out to the 30 bus.
MKE.
G.M.N.I.: Bout to help with this hw.
Pretty sure I almost got shot walking to my sis' crib.
That's good..I can dig it
happy new year little bear!
Poly marriage supporters: How would you write a law to legalize multiple marriage?
I hate being Sick this SUCKS
Watching Portraits from Ground Zero on AE.
Very emotional.
is releasing our new single Armagetiton tonight!
Make sure to stay up and check it out!
;
WOTW takes such a strange turn just over halfway thru.
Dark.
Apocalyptic.
1 person narrative of a potential sole survivor.
Been off the grid for my bday, but Im back.
What up tweets?
ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The King's Vagina
Oh!
Never mind, he was talking to his daughter or something, just saw grandpa leaving with her :P
almost forgot about kings corner.
Gotta ask about that.
why do you say that?
We are going to be part of a beta test for a foodie community website!
Super excited, more details coming soon!
Happy almost birthday my friend!!!!
Great number:
Awesome, will do.
thanks for the tip!

there is no place 4 me 2 go There is no place 4 me here.
I'm contemplating the future.
Libraries will be pretty cool when all those boring Bettys retire!
Life with broken headphonesno life
Not the greatest finish to the season but the Blackhawks made a great effort despite being shorthanded.
Nextyear.
Now on to the Bulls!
Ahh my favorite childhood granola bar!
Too bad I can't find them anymore :
A street art festival in Baltimore?
Our hearts go out to the family and friends of former writer Jeff Stratton.
Jeff was a class act.
We miss him already.
you guys killed it tonight such a great show and it was super cool meeting you guys
I love u for winning congrats I'm so I'm so proud of u
that's good.
: happy easter!
UGH I have to work ALL WEEKEND.
crew96 pub crawl ending at 4th st for Crewsmaseve tonite  then slaving away tmisterat Crew FK
So much homework D:
Thanks everyone enjoy the day !
keep us posted
thanks that's awesome
RT : : Ugly Girls be quiet while all the Pretty Girls RETWEET This!
;
Enjoyed the debate.
So beautiful mama!
Noah weighs as much now as my daughter did when she was born.
Ouch.
i care about you,even though idk you besides twitter; but many do care including me, please stay strong you can do this okay?x
If she was in my party that's what I'd do.
what are the dates?
We have six greyhounds.
We are vol for USA DOG def of greyhounds
you summer time fine
Okay, the 5 o'clock news is over.
You can now watch the 2nd half of Cliffhanger on pdxtv.
Good news from publisherNo is going into 16th printing and Smart Parenting just came out in Korea.

do you have any tattoos ?
..
i ink my whole body, i don't give a mutherfuck.
..
oh, alright!
been thinkin all day
when your down no one hits you but when your on and up everyones live and on ya bumper learned from first hand exp.
where they at now
same problem we've run into as well!
Roosevelt Middle School and A.
Montoya Elementary, in Tijeras, will be merged into one school.
Parents of the schools' childoctorn are unhappy.
With wide open jump shots
Failures are made only by those who fail to dare, not by those who dare to fail.
but then you can get there and have 9 min and 30 seconds to stare at the white board
I'm doing preconstruction photos in Indy today for Bradshaw Construction.
At olive garden for my cousins graduation.
Interview prep day.
Let everyone else walk through their resumes.
I dance.
outreach svcs brings books; I do readers advisory, teach them how to download ebooks, find PEOPLE in our databases, etc.
: Don't mess with someone's relationship, just because you can't get one.
216 : Made my goal for the week already.
The Ultimate Massage weight loss system has cut my appetite.
Eating 250500 fewer calories/day.
Beth Hayden CHRO, said women can make themselves promotable by creating value and standing out on people skills.
: DIALOGUE WITH THREE CHORDS as part of mister Dennehy's Pub St.
Patrick's Week Arts Festival
Dear coworks.
If I post a picture.
Don't open it unless you want to see my wiener
I've only had my phone on for and hour and its already dying
on rainy days i just want to sleep to bad i cant i am in school : i miss you
Things like this only happen to me.
TX for mention
When one decides to wake up and speak truth your popularity level will begin to doctorp and you may loss friends ..YA FOLLOW ME??!
Here comes the 6th third down...
Thanks for sharing this, Rachel!
Who got some new tricks today???
Hey Manny!
Thanks for the RT!
Susan
It's Official...The USA Has Been Renamed.
It is Now the USSR Thanks misterObama.
thanks for following :D
RT : NFL Scouts starting to show up for pro day today at San Diego State!
Good luck to all our players working out
Give me apartment and some water so I can swwwiiimmmm.
Grand parents coming to NYC from doctorthis weekend.
It's going to be nice to see them again.
Interested in Law School?
Come meet reps today, 10am to 2pm, at the faculty dining hall next to Student Union.
FANCYPANTS!
; So good to see you, my friend!
Hope you enjoyed your friends, live, finally!
do u like it visually?
actually took me a long time 2 find pics i like, w/the title  byline...
:
Greenstein on her Mirror Neuron project  humans and elephants both learn thgh mimicry.
Teaching kids about how their brains learn.
Justine's holding down the fort tomorrow, but if you have a window in mind I'll stick around for it.
Math Final?
PSHHHHHH you got this!
lol
sweet!
Cooking is science you can eat :D
If I ever come out with my sophomore rap album, I'm really gonna utilize the WOO!
adlib.
Yep!
Coming to the party tonight?
It's hard having it all.
Tracy Jordan
Baby you're my saving grace.
Told Scary stories with Ruthann,Emily,and Lindsey: 3 HAPPY BIRTHDAY RUTHANN!!!!: 3 I LOVE YOU BITCH!!!
you bet!
We miss in Omaha at the
Getting my goals accomplished for the week.
Don't forget your daily goals.
How to Choose the Right Scanner for your Law Office: Five Questions to Consider
What's the definition of unlikely?A photospread in Playboy titled 'The World's Top Accountants  Nude!'.
I like seeing an elderly couple walk together, hand in hand.
Because that's the only proof for me that true love does last.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs  jolted by every pebble on the road.
Henry Ward Beecher
Robbie just told me his name isn't Robbie, it's Tootie McFarterson.
Then he broke into giggles for a solid minute.
well HELL Twitter friend!
:
RT : Parking lot at the Hall of Justice is a mess with everyone trying to leave.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: To keep childoctorn stable, courts often tailor custody orders so kids stay on the schedule they are used to.
Sometimes the police need to look inside a car,...just to make sure everybody is safe.
I try to locate a reassuring register.
Im glad my lips dont turn black lol
Music  Something I can't live without .
5:30 am call time.
its gonna be a long day!
Once you learn on how to close your mouth, work on those legs...
Because you are alive, everything is possible.
Thich Nhat Hanh
What happened with mwp?!
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much i couldnt agree wit her at times but I know, at da end shell always be there.
Truth, truth
Stop by Wafrique during your lunch and check out how we displayed our jewelry.
You'll want one too.
: Thanks for the RT.
Absolutely...glad you made the Daily:
You are Glowing with Happiness!!
You look amazing!!!
It was a very informative teaser for the FDA's social media series to come!
Learned a lot about safe practices until then though!
If you care about it so much than why don't you do it you fat fucking bitch
i do
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotional video we are creating?
83 north is closed.
Not sure why, but traffic is a mess.
When the bad out weighs the good is the day that I'll stop loving you .
Nly 7 planes at terminal.
One still out on runway 1 with emergwency vehicles.
Thank you, darling.
:
I'm not even gone speak on that!
Film update: working on final or 2nd to last pass on editing.
Scheduled to hand off to awardwinning composer Mateo Messina Jan 6.
Plastic Cards are Awesome!
We now offer Clear,Frosted and Solid Color Plastic Credit Card  Business Card Size!
Dude you better love me cuz when you get your graduation present from me you're forreal gonna die!
2 shootings in Roxbury today, anybody know the location of the 2nd?
Sounds very recent.
Lol I know ; haha RT : I meant it too
Plaid Man Tossing became the sport of summer 1977.
im not goin to sunday school just because i know you're goin
We're comin after you RT : LV Asian Basketball League Day 1: Lost by 30pts, got moved up a league...
The is a piece of shit.
They attempted a delivery yesterday morning but I didn't get a notice until today.
Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire?
Corrie ten Boom
good morning!
happy hump day.
Love how the Allen Iverson Practice rant video is trending right now...on its 10 year anniversary
LMAO!
Yo he really needs some cause my gawwwd!!!
All up in my face!!
Lol, so awkward trying to avoid him lol
I know I'm a little late, but congrats on hitting 1.7 million followers!
:
Whats good DC??
Ready for truly capital deals??
Check out trubates!
So appreciative of your support !
SommChat Cheers!
I died when I saw this lmao
UH, AWESOME.
DUH.
thanks for the shout out!
So glad you enjoy Off My Mind
they are actually PDP.
Good eye though.
Same factory.
She txtin me sayin she love me but calling other niggas bae n shit told yu now days yu can't trust a bitch
The Penguins are in their darkest hour.
If you are making fun of them and hating now, maybe you should ask yourself if you're a real fan.
Tempted to get a couple of girl rats...
but I'm not sure my cat sitter would be happy to ratsit.
Come on out tonight and tomorrow and see us, Third Stream Giants!
www.3sgiants.com!
:
1:0 USA ahead, really surprised!
LOVED the music for the show last night!
Classical night rocked it!why don't I see you in the audience next to
thanks!
It was my only serious run this week since I was sick...first time I tested myself since running the half
Never a doubt!!!
First my Cardinals, now my Cats!!!
Yaaaaahhhheee
Happy day, mamas!
reframe from speakin to me then..
nowwatching Culture clash
Thanks 4 RT and realwplearn was very invigorating!
Made me think which is a good thing!
silverwood?
That is like my place!
Hahaha
GMAIL!!!
I NEED YOU
Daniel watson, the pastor for this year is the same as the first year.
ACTION FIGURES!
Spent the morning with jeremy camp's guitarist.
T ...
if evry1s thinks they the leader...who's left 2 take the orders?
1.does he get special attention in school?
Or 2.
If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
yep.
But still swinging!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 13
Go Pack Go!!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
God had a plan for you, believe that
i followed am 1 of the 10 people???
yeah, so what's up!:
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
We still have more points than this time last year.
19 MUFC champions emerge after christmas EVERY year.
20 is on its way!!
Of all the stuff in public restrooms that's motion activated, I still have to touch the lock in the stall.
I might as well shit in my hands.
Baby over here smashin' and he full!
Nice Flow
D3 Legal good luck wishes extended to E.M., C.M., P.W., J.O., G.P., M.H., and not to be forgotten, K.G.
later this week!
That has to be a record.
RT  With fullback role fading, Miami Dolphins' Charles Clay finding a ...: News  Sports  Entertainment  Business  ......

imma make it cause its destiny...
Fuck all the enemies  haters standing next to me
Especially me with long hair!
LOL!
KILL THE NOISE
PLANE  George Stephanopoulos and his wife, Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian leaving out of DCA Washington Reagan Airport this AM SAME PLANE!
Saw Hall Pass.
Gutbusting comedy.
In real life, skeptical that a hall pass could actually save anybody's marriage.
Can't wait for tomorrows match vs !
On vaca, so good thing it's on !
Hope to see lots of tv shots!
I HATE YOU, TODAY SHOW.
THAT JUST MADE ME CRY AT THE GYM.
Mothers Day is a day to celebrate your mom!
uhm No ; cause you shared.
Chilled w my girl a little bit..can't wait for this game later today!!
Ever want to run a food truck?
A vendor just showed up who sells them.
Check out the American House
Love my new Icon
Say 'Hi Marisol'  I  You!
I think you should have a concert here in Reno
Agreed.
Thanks!
RT : Great to connect!
We're getting closer and closer to getting our new web site launched...very excited about it!
haha.
The Tank!!!
U must be Vernon Davis' Mike Singletary.
Did u moon him in the fantasy meeting?
I thought 10u was intense...wow!!
12u softball is extreme!!
I have a headache!!
I always get anxious letting iCal end my recurring weekly appointments never.
Ive been saying that this whole time!
Cheryl was an amazing judge compared to Nicole
Thank you much for the follow!
Nice work too!
: Tiger Woods will be back!
getting bitch slapped by Phil today though
Come as you are
Two words See ya!
MT : Greece to Germany: 'Pay our bills forever or we'll quit the Euro'
3wordsofadvice Just let go
doctorving home with some Dance Gavin Dance.
Katy Perry: Sun kissed skin so hot we'll melt your popsicle.
me: YOU STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM MY POPSICLE!
Next Monday I'll be in SC where the sun is out and grass is blooming.
Need a break from Alaska!
now lip sync for your life.
RT : Man that kills the mojo that AM had going.
LSU go deep now?thats what she said !!
anyone still at Cathedoctorl??
Cum on Lakers Yall ass better bring y'all A game 2nite
It is time that as Black women we begin to be proud and embrace our curly hair.
I have been a hairstylist for about 19 years.
Dear , we go together like SUV's and audiences....
Sincerely, Oprah
bull!
How tall are you?!
I get way too excited when my tea is ready.
Bob Dylan
Today has been an odd day .
Haha freaks everywhere !!
it just has to be Shep?
Great weekend with some great coaches.
Taking tomorrow off and next week have two different 2 day intensive individual classes to coach.
Christiane Amanpour's discussion on what if women were in charge this morning very thoughtful and enlightening.
Appreciated it very much.
Yes, yes they are very good.
I'll tweet when I review them so you can see.
And, I know it is so hard to write with kids.
i'm just gonna go smoke a joint.
I Fucking love !
I've seen them live twice  i'm about to See them again in November, if I can get the money!
Do you know how to make a tissue dance?
.....put a little boogie in it.
im content with having just one one friend thank you; ill save my self the doctorma especially with girls .
Toes a tappin'
Hey, when you get famous and get a movie made about you, I wanna be in it.
haha:
I'm one of those guys, mister Richards.
Left for work.
Long to return...
Still love my peeps there.
KEXP keeps me connected!
GO KEXP!
How many helium balloons does it take to fly away?
Thanks Sara!
I forgot that I even wrote that, but I like it!
Now I need a fine wine of my own :.
at the beach!!
ah what a beautiful day!
like its prob in the garage but WHAT IF IT ISNT :'
Get a jump on you Super Bowl party planning, call our catering department today!
I wanna get in the pool...
Shooting 30 aerials in two days..
Wish I was at Comic Con
Be sure to experience The Titanic all over again in 3D and IMAX!!!
Coming to theatres April 4th!!
please follow she sends u like million messages a day please follow her much love
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.
William Hazlitt
19 of you have Liked our Music News on Facebook and 543 of you Liked our Monthly Search For the Best New Artists!
We Like You Too :
!
Take my final !
Says lol
Later on today THE TAKEOVER HOUR will takeover SFR from 56 PM.
Don't want to miss that!
Arf!
I hope you're enjoying NationalTrainDay.
:
last time i expect NYK to beat heat knicks fucking suck smh
So Rex Ryan has a foot fetish.
I guess he wouldn't mind putting foot in mouth then.
Maybe that's why he talks to damm much.
At the Edison.
Eating mac n' cheese.
Talking about oil painting with strangers.
: Singing tonight with retweet for tickets !
Kara Walker to speak at Memorial Hall this Monday 6pm, History of Art  Design is a cosponsor, free for Pratt students, seating is limited
Stop fucking raining damn
It's a big week!
Today is the first of this year's ExxonMobil Science Days  tomorrow the new seats for the planetarium will be delivered.
At the car wash, girl
Why do all the new Luc Besson movies have narrated trailers?
It's so out dated.
are you moving there?!?
Lauren Hill is making a comeback.
Her appearance looks better and everything.
..Thanks!
I took too long to get out of my Holiday Habits...lesson learned.
:
last year OSU led college basketball with the fewest fouls per game.
apparently thad teaches how not to foul.
hmm...hm.
haha not weird in a bad way :
lol charge her for a piece of paper every time i guarenteed she wont ask again!
With an impressive 53.09 victory in the 100 Kate Wiseman sweeps the sprint freestyle events with dominating swims
just saw your new pic on Twitter.
All I gotta say is wow.
So beautiful.
:
hit the line
Keep telling friends to buy tickets to see at the House of Blues in Chicago June 20th!
We need to sell this place out!!
3
Half way exiled, my life has been a melancholic slow silent movie.
One more hot day on Mt.
Hood, then it cools way down.
Alas, almost time to go home.
I was there!!
I must have just missed you!
: Come hang !
goodgrub sports
What an awesome fucking game
gotta pay your lawyer?
can't get nias in paris out of my head...and for such good reason...and yes the staring was necessary
When your aunt thinks she has a right to run your life
SAY SOMETHIN IF YOUR FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHIN BABY DON'T BE SO SHY SAY SOMETHIN CAUSE YOUR ALL IN MY HEAD LIKE OH WOAH OH WOAH
haha, my mom has more plans than I do!
Shes going to the movies in Franklin with her friends or something, haha.
Thanks so much man!
I hope you like the rest of the record too!!!
LOL jk
Meal worms are disgusting why must i go through these things
Swapped out a 30 yd dumpster at an apt.
complex.
Theyre using it for couches/beds/doctorssers/recliners, etc.
What furniture do you want gone?
Never fails to fascinate me how powerful he was with words.
we can't wait to try columbia's craft beer festival this Saturday!
Support independent artists!
go head Austin
did you get those emails?
ONE game from the Stanley Cup finals.
Holy shit.
Ooohhh i wanna see u shake that sexy ass of yours 
I'm coming to ball again at the Y
Thermo Fisher Scientific Acquires Production Chemicals Channel, Doe amp; Ingalls
I love seeing your face!!!!
keep me posted!
Have an extra ISTE reservation if anyone needs one canceling tomorrow
I am finished with my Florida Sunbelt History class.
It talked about patterns I'd noticed in gentrification, with research to back it.
Aretha Franklin found an actress to portray her in a biopic of her life  A Broadway star and classically trained singer Audoctor McDonald
This niggah got points added to his score board when more than half the rounds were Cottos!
Flat out that was cottos fight.
But  talks.
Smh
I love so much 3
.
just punched a wall RT : Surprise World Series appearances last 10 years: Rays, Rockies, TIgers, Astros, Marlins
imdone hurting myself n imdone letting you hurt me  straightlikethat
heweb11 Go to Casino El Camino.
Eat the Amarillo Burger.
doctornk straight Gin.
Watch a slasher flick.
I like seeing instagrams of people's lunches!
I have a feeling I'll be subbing pics for real food after graduation.
What's up guys how is everyone doing?!
Come talk to us and tell us about your day!
Who's got that 3:30 feeling and is in need of a coffee?
We have a free coffee waiting for you, ask how!
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000 addoctorss.
Contact us today for more info  Prices starting at 5
Bring back the cross check tee please!
We sure will.
See you onstage soon!
Been too long since we rocked together!
i just snapped.
We rock'd the party!!!
I shall have to try it!
I DONT HATEE ON BOY WITH TRAMP STAMPS
On my way to go get ice cream and crackers.
And some redbulls!
funn day yesterdayy : i lovee finding random cats in the street .!!
haha
learning on how 2 search for info online  am happy i learned how 2 search 4 TIME in this global village
I hope tomorrow goes smoothly.
Agreed!!
RT : There is no such thing as a perfect parent so just be a real one.
Sue Atkins
Done!
When will you come to The Folger?
My grandfather wore rubbers when it rained, he must have gotten aroused by the moisture in the air
berry weiss is almost like a mixer beer.
not even meant to be doctornk on its own.
should probably doctornk 1 tonight to make sure.
5thingsaboutme 1.I give good advice and a lot of People come to me for their Problems.
But I can't solve my Own.
Have you been BULLIED?
HOW?
LIVE on on Stand4Change Forum
12 Ticket for the Russian River Tasting on guarantees the holder: one 8oz each of Younger, Elder, Damnation  Choice of Sour.
youre the hot one!
Elvis is the king of Rock and Roll.
Bad example.
NewsCorp: There's only so much lying your readers/viewers will take before they discover what the rest of us already know.
Refectory?
Enjoy!
It is awesome!
Why mess with WYSIWYG web software or templates when I can hand code the frakkin' thing?
Tomorrow night Toledo!
Come to frankies inner city, doors  8pm 5 21 / 7 under 21, this is an all ages show so be there!!!
Jay Farrar  Benjamin Gibbard  California Zephyr  10:22 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Any way to get the feed to scroll automatically?
I can't figure out how to knit, read tweets, and use the mouse at the same time.
jk
Huge Beatles fan!
Well represented!!
TheVoice Fab Duo!!
Wow, David's Bridal exceeded my expectations.
Can't wait til the wedding!
Don't Expect To Get Respect If Your Not Giving None .
Once Niall gets a girlfriend..
i'd support them 100.but if he ever got his sweet beautiful heart broken, id kick that bitches ass.

Yay for gluten free cupcakes!
Have you done dairy free?
andd whyy are you so cute??
:
Happy New Year!
Cheers!
Nothing like key lime pie at Sarabeth's with 's entourage   Charlie Yu  Jonathan Lethem
No swearing in Virginia Beach or you get fined.
All I want, all ill ever want, is for you to want me.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
Looking for a few great design bloggers to follow, check out:
U too my man, have fun in LV!!!
RT : good running into you last night homie!!!!
A Relationship is not based on the length of time you have been spent together, It's based on the Foundation you've built together.
Good bye misterMcMillian
Morning world!
Sure, it's great that you're doing this.
I'll be in touch some thoughts.
I end up sitting on my butt watching TV the whole time.
I definitely enjoyed it.
I need to see it again when I'm not do sleep deprived and delirious.
am fine are u on facebook?
PBJ's, chicken nuggs, mac n cheese, cheese puffs  most delish Thirsty Thurs.
to date
Ponder this: Lookah Hookah smoke shop seeking city OK to offer live entertainment ...
in the form of belly dancers, jugglers, DJs
Oh gosh SWAT IT MAKE IT SUFFER AH there is one in my room now.
Geez what is this gypsy magic.
HOW DID IT GET IN?
who got the pearls?
better go back to bein a macaroni n quit bein a bass fiddle lol
I find everything I said ghetto lol bc most of the ppl that r ghetto u described in previous tweet
4th seed in d pool.
lame
MT : Sometimes it's VITAL to be in awe of where we've been  where we can go next.
Welcome home Discovery.
LoL there is a restaurant called The Money Shot.
Don't know how to feel.
thank YOU!
Existing template.
Don't have time to optimize/create new now...
Tables on tables on tables.
Spacers on spacers on spacers.
Hey Mark, the Good Things shirt design on your site belongs to Credit?
Royalties?
Hm...
preorder your doctornks and have them waiting 4 u  intermission.
Genius!
Centerstage theater in Bmore.
Yup, just got it.
Thanks!
ItsAwkwardWhen you have the same spam from 40 people using the same line, look at these bad photos of you and they dont even know you
GO follow please she follow back ;D
poop!
well i'm at jimmy johns tonight if you wanna come by!
:
Old TMac would've hit that.
Real Talk blog, gay issues and politics

1 RT : I am opposed to schools having any authority to releasethat includes within conference, within state, whatever.
Listening to barrykatz on mohrstories and loving it.
Pearls of industry wisdom wrapped up in a lot of funny...
I got a tootsie pop and a sticker for voting this morning.
was that wrong?
and will then fit a replacement lock for you or make key or rekey your lock so the old key will not work.
Damn I need more followers!
Hey everyone there's a couple people out there who are spamming and sending bad links so BEWARE!
D:
Happy WEEKEND!
Chinese Showcase Concepts For The Volkswagen Of The Future  Autochannel
No I don't SMH
That would be perfect to wear for coverage of Fiesta.
UNDERTAKER WINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:D Wrestlemania The streak lives on!!!
200!
Oh that may still happen.
I'm just thinking of more creative ways to do so!
PRDLA UBC's Eleanor Yuen speaking to difficulties of OCRing rare Chinese and Japanese newspapers.
Full search text often impossible.
Leadership starts with knowing exactly what you believe in and sanding up for those beliefs.
Sunday is halfpriced wine night in the restaurant!
Come out and try some beautiful Washington reds and whites!
you will be missed ,but you can always find your way back home :
I've had enough.
thinks the refs are trying to give the game to the Saints on this doctorve on both ends of the field.
Still, the Pack made an incredible st ...
agreed.
He picked it up almost immediately after Braun was at first.
Interesting to see a coaches mind at work
No doubt.
I think they were also on an errand to either Starbucks or WalGreens.
I can't remember which doctorwing I sent u, what's its look like?any colors?
it would REALLY make my night if I could get a Good night Corinna :
Yep, there was some definite sliminess.
But I can't deny, 50 weight loss is impressive!!
Waiting for to land from Vegas
I miss my bestie but i know we are thinking the same thing right now.
We both wish we were home instead of at work :
we are in the beginning stages of bringing an urbangarden to brickcity hope u can join us
People, you can't sell your bike on craigslist without a picture.
And no, I won't email you for pictures.
Dummy.
OMG...what happened with your Mom...I'm glad everything is ok!!
and I have a boyfriend too : well when are we gonna see eachother!?
You're just a crock of shit with a pretty smile, and I refuse to compromise.
I love the song...u do be killing them!
lol
mister dolibois is also featured in our permanent exhibit, mapping our tears.
Watching OUTX tomorrow?
Of course you are!
Give your watch party the Sauced touch.
We deliver 5219800
Whatever made them hate you in the first place...do it some more!
TD Jakes
I'm so excited about Selection Sunday that I can't even sleep...
Realizing now that, as a runner, I should've been living in the Museum District this entire time.
Being this close to the Rice U trail rocks
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant!
His work is unparalleled!
Just got into Vegas!
What's poppin LV?
hmm .
Dm me?
Am on town.and ur amazing.
I hate being sick!
:
OK, this episode of Doctor Who is seriously creepy.
Rainy slow Saturday.
Laying in the bunk room watching stand up comedy...
The nights won't be this quiet when it warms up again!!!!!
backinelementaryschool i got the belt on the regular
congrats Jon!!
That was excellent.
one more note...
still optimistic.
Still making the good fight.
So there ya go...
Chicago summer ???
Good for you.
nowplaying Freddy mercury and David Bowie pressure
cool will do send me link again plZ txs
haha : im not that into them i just hear that on the radio and i likee it
I love you
i've been there  YosemiteNP  three times : it gets better each time :!
: Since Maia has an opponent now, give SOMEONE to fight!!
People need to see how awesome he is.
Awesome!!!
You'll do great!
We're focused on meeting the needs of legal firms  knowledgeable in all Rules of civil procedures to accommodate your needs!!
8775275737
I wish I was as perfect as some people think they are.
Grrrrr
I don't mind Rome, but he's kind of a blowhard.
has so much tact, while getting ansewrs to difficult questions.
Ralph Macchio was 22 when he filmed The Karate Kid.
Some of the cast didn't believe he was that old.
Good try Cards
John Huntsman, absolutely unqualified America, www.bruzzesiforpres.com
twitterlove ; RT Hey Twitter family, ain't got nothing but love for ya...
8 days week.
Love me back
Hey man.
Definitely would welcome the opportunity to talk business with you.
Lemme know..
My sis witnessed a roll over car accident 2day.
Be sure in btwn tweets you let the peeps in your life know you love them!!
ILYM
Just got pinjacked on  spam pin autorepinned itself w/o an option to delete.
You need type /edit at the end to delete!
Raise you 2M?
Might open the floodgates on this one.
Internet, you bewilder me.
On neuroscience as it applies to eLearning: We didn't evolve to learn by reading off a page  or a screen.
Emotion matters.
Thank you...much appreciated!
if you didn't make it, you can borrower our DVD
fucking had to go home bc of my bro.
.' but I know hes really sorry bout it..
and i feel bad for him..
he did let us down but he feels so
Last name: Ever, first name: Greatest possibly the greatest opening lines to a verse last 5 years
hahaha.
I remember i flew into Texas for something 1 time and all I saw was swimming pools....
Lol
Henry Louis Mencken ...the basic delusion that men may be governed and yet be free.
We watch Sunday football while sitting on a bench.
It takes us back to our high school playin' days!
that's how it starts lol : not this female
you know he cant have sex right?
Oh wait thats perfect for you lololzzz
Sardinia  forte village  amazing beach, spa, kids club, lots of pools  it ticks all the family holiday boxes x x
The key is for all of their new shows to fail horribly.
I am optimistic that they will.
time to hit crossfit cle in a few!!!!
train hard or go home.
Have to visit a friend in Chanhassen MN today.
Wondering if there's a museum experience I can find out there?
Mouth breather?
Troy Davis is Saved Great News ;D
Totally wish so as well....
miss you!
I SERIOUSLY DID THO!!!!!
Such a fun night!!
much love for that.
4/28 in SD!
This is going to be a great show!
The turbines whine as you climb high above the skies to be surprised by a sunrise above the islands,now you're flying, GetAway Airlines TM
Local business announces new technology development
Jealous!
Cranberry mojitos yum mm!!!
RT : in your stomping grounds at the Palomino in the Crescent
Great!
How are you?
: How's the beautiful babyboy and San Antonio's best mom doing?
I don't think I will get use tyo.
Sunday night football  Steelers at Bengals, October 21st.
Care to wager?
: Robert J Bennett, Fex Ex CLO's issues: multigenerations, tech, socialmedia, globalization, education.
how it going..
This stragg ass witch talking shit and she the main one who PAID her money to see the reunion.
: FF Follow these tweeps.
They Make It Worthwhile:  Thanks!
Just got my acceptance letter!
It's official!
I'M TEACHING IN CHINA!
See ya later Vegas, off to San Remo, Italy to play in the EPT.
JazZSyncShow Its a hard knock life!
Let's go BEARCATS .
Represent
Definitely.
Result was 76 Canucks in OT.
76 saves for Quick.
64 for Schneider.
tomorrow :I I think
hell yeah hella bass
40 of that is mine!
Reserved woot!!
awesome!
I'm going to hang my copy too!!!
Off to NINES/NEH Summer Institute this afternoon
Follow me Robert??????
: : ASK me, don't AXE me.
getting AXEd hurts.
ASKing can never hurt.
did u order that shirt yet?
I been slacking I'll try and remember this week
: and why are you saying all of this now my other username you didn't say anything and it's basically the same thing
Ugh, math homework is not going well now 
30day Fitness Challenge: Establishing a New Habit : Girl Power Hour
On the road, Ringo is known to have the biggest sweettooth.
POLL QUESTION: what's yer fave Easter candy?
I'm handing the stadium tracker baton to and for tonight's 10pm show.
I think they have Steroid Vending Machines in the SFGIANTS Clubhouse
humans can be cruel, probably steams from selfishness.
Article or book?
If you have favor don't share your doctoram.
Rain rain go away
Trust in God and DO something.
Mary Lyon
Nick is pretty cute...
lol thanks for your support!
QOTD: Worthless people live only to eat and doctornk; people of worth eat and doctornk only to live.
Socrates
'Tis a remorseless eating machine!
So funny.
To those of you whose professorle pictures show you making out with someone...the rest of the world thinks you're gross.
GOOD NITE PEEPS SLEEP WELL SWEET doctorAMS TO ALL
Started using Edmodo in Reading Classroom.
I really enjoy checking students entries.
This is a great tool to use in the classroom.
I'm not saying we're just laying around braiding each other's hair.
I'm just saying I dig Kirby's slightly elvish new hairdo.
Heyy txt me?!?
please iPod is dyingg
YOLO better do it!
The Denver's sports teams are making some major move in these last 2 weeks from getting Peyton Manning to trading Nene  resigning Chandler.
i'm da shit bitch let it stank
...no, he's just sniffing out my muffin.
To whom?
What's the context?
Freddie Sanchez cannot buy a break.
I followed, but don't see it ending well
Dont hate the player hate the game cuz I play it to well
I know : but thankfully I'll be home in no time!
Then I'll be over in a bikini everyday lol
Thanks for the follow and welcome
Negative.
I don't like them enough to pay 60 for a ticket.
Haven't been in a line this long since I went to the Vatican.
Excited for Andoctora Bocelli in Central Park!
Bone Thugz n Harmony on my Samsung Galaxy while I'm chillin at home in peace and harmony
we're gonna have to go out man I'll stay out until ten haha
I'll be posting archives, ideas, etc.
on teaching with archives over , just fyi.
Let's make it happen  one day after work?
technology has spun off to the civilian world and saved Billions.
Cargo Truck Fairings save 1 mile per gallon times millions
plz RT :Save tons of money and time with R online interactive webinars w/ casting directors, agents  online acting classes.
Tomorrow night at 8pm we are playing in la hope to see u there!
jinx!
Do u people know nothing?
lol she's always hurting him
getting picked up early tomorrow
Go see of at and then you have one less item on your bucket list to do.
I would never do that unless Roger Waters worked for NPR, WBEZ, PRI or WNYC
2 Long Island Iced Teas at Crisp Pizza Bar tonight!
1323 E Brady
whatihate fake, untrustable, twotiming, ex bestfriend.
Sorry, had to
Bro hit me on the DM.
Seeing if you still coming by the studio tonight or reschedule.
Tv crews at both ends of my street?
I'm just getting groceries guys, I mean I'm flattered but....
Or right its for Obama
: Is anything im doing brand new ?
I'm hearing Bramble Rye BCBS will be out this week, with regular BCBS in certain shipments.
What are you hearing?
Awesome!!!!!
Thanks!
Thank you
If you're at socapeurope and are looking for an app developer stop by our table to have a chat.
We're the ones with the digital pic frames
where was your favorite trip to?
I've got 500 in credit to book, by January 1!!
:
I have landed in St.
Louis!!!
Awesome!!!
it was Scotland the Brave, no funeral dirge that one.
It's usually done in parades.
awww thanks lianne!
i love yours too!
you look beautiful!
hehe
Date added 5/29/2012 Checkpoint Charlie New Orleans La
hey pru, ive been texting u.
Haven't heard back.
How r u?
Miss u!
Shed the Gnar !
Life is wonderful 
RT : I was seriously Teared eyed when I walked into Sticks Bar  Grill
he knows so little to think about.
I just throw a couple bills and she'll have a pair of heels..
The less we talk about it, the better off we'll be.
Thats so true...
Did you know you can connect both your orkut AND myspace account to youtube?
Just noticed I now have access to the social reporting in Google Analytics.
Now I'll have to spend some time digging in!
Don't own a scooter anymore : haha
Hey Ariana How Are You heartsUP I love You :
Pray for muamba
Service Will Start  11:30 am on Sundays We Will Have A night Session On Friday We Will Swagg Out To The Max So Be Readdy !!!!!!
nice talking to you last night.
Lemme know when you want to do the Detroit question.
Looking forward to the Associate Member ceremony tonight!
8:00 pm in Letts Formal.
i think the lakers CAN beat the Heat.
don't put words in my mouth.
If no action were to be taken by the fiscal authorities, the size of the fiscal cliff is so large that there's absolutely no chance that
i always use frozen bread for my peanut butter  honey sandwiches.
then they're nice and cold.
Live up to the best that is in you: Live noble lives, as you all may, in whatever condition you may find yourselves.Henry W.
Longfellow
Moving the Preakness to Sunday is the missing ingredient for moving it out of Baltimore.
Way to go MI Developments.
Ridiculous.
I wish I was...
Wish I could be there sooner  see you guys around 7PM
Makes me laugh every time!!
3 that Kat :

RT : I want to see something else in you before I invest in you.
: Ooh congrats!
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
:
Just cashed in all my spare change.
102.39 
Women marry men hoping they will change.
Men marry women hoping they will not.
So each is inevitably disappointed.
Feel better!
:
Watching Lifetime movies and eating.
Lovely goal.
Nick  Roberto just did the cinnamon challenge in class.
XDSome funny shit.
know what i regret cryin over dude.
cuz uh i just bounce back wit 2..
does that mean ima hoe?
na just keepin my options open.
I am pretty sure she is taking her body down town.
I miss you so much!
YES!
I love the song they always play!
GET ON YOUR FEET!
If my tweets bother you so much, STOP.
LOOKING.
AT.
THEM.
Just got my butt kicked by Viveca.
been there for a while now.
Like a day shy of a whole week.
:
I love her why would I do that?
Damn!
Wonderful women everywhere!
Get down here!!!
i try , do the same thing tonight lol
That is one of the most perfect cover designs in history.
Looking forward to seeing everyone
Getting ready for some hard work in the next few weeks.
How about some DirtyWater love for the Celtics?
it's bad for your teeth!
Haha but okay, and after that I'll get you those colored jeans you wanted so bad.
haha.
Bruh, me and go way back.
Like premillennium back!
It's a small world, huh.
thanks for thinking of me!
The overarching, underlying mission of C.
S.
Lewis' work: to help readers clearly to see and practically to apply the love of God in Christ.
went on a gnat killing spree with
I don't yet, but I'm thinking about it seems like alot of fun
have fun!!
Excited for the Cleveland International Film Festival today.
New art!
Humberto Rebollo, beautiful bright paintings up in the shop!
Do you really use Lotus Berry conditioner?
Nah man its deleted lolololololl
at OccupyLA demonstration, where hundoctords are gathered in support of Wall St.
protests
pretty sure our twitter convo went full circle tonight: Mad MenHavertys Ad Agency
dont u think the players wanna win the SECT?
i dont think they wanna lose again
what's good killa hit me with a follow back
my back is shedding
Latenight train riders in Hong Kong, Singapore,  Taipei seem so happy, while those in Tokyo look so depressed.
Currently, the network is down,  will effect your site and emails.
We're working to restore service, thanks for your patienceCS
GIANTI!
YAAYYYYAYAYAYAY!
I'm so excited for you : xx
RT : Christopher Hitchens was an extraordinary, compelling  colourful human being it was a privilege to know: Tony Blair
my music 
Q0 Susannah from Madison, Wi.
Learned that started a personal blog is fun
you have a daughter now?
Jesus.
Everyone's copying me.
Only 2 more days of being a Freshman.
Those North Face events look great!
Definitely on my radar...
It's been 13, like other Google services, for several months now, at least in the US
I cry when I hearI'll be your strengththanks for ur great music
my thighs are killing me
i gotta watch BadGirlsClub Reunion pt.2 next week
maybe he's on FB?
If you're looking for United Way staff this morning, we are at Keeneland for a meeting with a key note from State Auditor Crit Luallen.
Next week will probably work.
I'll shoot you an email.
:
I think if you were able to get deported then it counts.
Slept in hard.
Chicken tacos
Wassup and goodnight twitter people I didn't tweet 2day so I am TWEETIN this PEACE OUT HOMIES!!!!
RT If you want to rise, then surround yourself with ppl who inspire and uplift you.
Successful ppl have standards :o
I love looking through the Xbox Games On Demand list of games under the genre fighting.
Silent Hill Homecoming is def a fighting game.
:
stuffed animals are hiding whiskey minis.
Love that is not madness is not love
Thanks it will be up shortly!!!
Yeah.
Earquake in NYC.
Right now.
Black Veil Brides guitar riffs are absolutely awesome!
Don't trust anyone with less than 30 lines in their .vimister
Open house today had been going well!
Noting his mother's visit to Las Vegas the weekend before she died.
She got to go to heaven four days early.
President Bill Clinton
Knock on this wood get rock by this thunder np Miguel  Quickie early in the morning
Some weaves are pretty..
I love working the night shift, but why is it so dead?
I'm sitting in my car and the wind is blowing it back and forth.
hey frank enjoy ur day!!
thanks that would be sick
LOVE a good sale at ulta.
pulled a robbery on some redken, hot tools, and bigsexyhair
Let's get it trending!
RT : Also, my phone just recognized the hashtag Samayan2012.
Awesome!
Random Fact: Today in 1901, Anna Edson Taylor becomes first person to survive going over Niagara Falls in a barrel.
the other side is if you, as an informed consumer, can get information to find out which ISP provides the best security.
Age is whatever you think it is.
You are as old as you think you are.Muhammad Ali Happy Birthday, Daddy!
You respect me and 1D, I respect you.
You hate on me and 1D, I hate on you.
Simple but effective.
No excuses lady!
You're right across the street?
We have a ton of delicious signature cocktails for you try then ;
Thanks for the Follow!
wait can you actually send me your grammar book?
and then let's go to rio.
What better way to start off the new year than getting a piercing!
You are awesome!
Have a great weekend!!
RT : Great workout this morning!!!
I think you forgot the YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAH!
apparently not being married is a tragedy to this woman.
Awww what a doll baby!!!
Just like her auntie.
:
All classes through June 2012 are now posted and open for registration
How have you been, Miss Lolo?
Favorite quote from last week, if you wanna work on this film, you must be safe, you must recycle, and you must love cats.
thank you!
Leadership training through leadership development.
Only 1 week left till Black Friday is your safe ready?
Time lock changed?
Make sure you talk to me about a free risk assessment!
Phones are getting thinner and smaller while people are getting fatter and stupider.
brooklyn is actually a part of long island
Today was a silly, unfocused, unproductive day.
Hoping tomorrow will be a bit more focused; silly and unproductive will be ok
Learn to enjoy life.
Love yourself.
And embrace the ones you love
Shades of 2010 Packers for this years Brewers club RT : As feared, Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez has torn right ACL.
lol I see that now.
Im prolly the only one that noticed.
R, D,  N lol
it really was funny.
Haha kay!
A real, mobile robot.
And no, Siri doesn't count.
Can't wait to get home next weekend and roll and in some Tiger '13
i think we make the best team ever.
How is your lovely lady doing?
Any update on the seizure monitoring?
JANE EYRE: Look, if I'm going to marry a jerk, I might as well marry a jerk who gets me hot beneath the petticoat.
Jane out!
Thank you Wyoming!
ILikeItWhen you know my favorite songs...
:
im extra snarky today, GOSH
make love to me....
Followed me please!!
:D
I swear everyone in my choir class can play the piano except for me 
Thanks for sharing the helpful thoughts this week at ideation12!
Looking forward to picking up Twitter for Good.
CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE ACK!
Don't frown, because you never know who's falling in love with your smile!
:
Will check it out.
Good luck with the launch!
thank you to you guys for putting it down, it's such a fun n community atmosphere timeless sun!!!
Today's is tattoo removal.
I can finally get that thug life tattoo taken off my stomach.
Thanks!
: glad you liked!
can't wait to see the end product
thanks for ditching me and yesterday ....f u!
hell ya.
i got a song called makin my comeback.
it goes hard.
ikr I loved that movie!!!!
Sam Adams marathon beer taste like a waterd down wachussett blueberry
Holding workshop on Core Past Life Hypnosis Monday March 8th 912.
cal l310544844if interested.Sat class Creating Ceremony in Business
Beautifully shot and cut piece of film, I admit, but main message seems to be that controlfreak mothers exist in EVERY country
Yo I got a 70 on my quiz today
Thank you!
they changed runways at boeing field in the last couple hours.
air force one wont be going by my office window now.
plane nerd problems.
fascinating!
It's interesting to see the dominance of postmodernism and prepostmodernism ...
but of course!
Whitey Bulger tip came from Iceland.
Person who lives seasonally in Santa Monica where Bulger was captainred.
Tumbling now, good thing to get my mind off of things.
3
also im going to bed now so ya goodnight :
cldn't agree with u more!
i think that a lot of King pics focus on politics  leave that out.
i'm listening  obeying.
Thx
heading out to the nationals ballgame
Feels like all the big medications are fraudulent now.
I'm scared to even go to the CVS down the street.
Sheesh.
Milk aNd CoOkiEs...
If you don't go after what you want,you'll never have it.
If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
If you don't step forward; guess what?
Where is her twin?
AloneBoredomsnowstorm
YES we need every Zambian Blogger on the network and am still building the site
Titans favored just twice in Wks 216 on opening lines at , but 3 games were PKs  TEN likely to be favored vs.
JAX In Wk 17.
Want to be totally an out of the box thinker?
It does not come overnight.
You have to be out of the box/unique with almost everything you do
Lots of great options for where to catch the Caps game tonight!
Where in Arlington will you be watching Game 7?
Quick question..
If you were to get something shiny would you want it to just wear or have function?
Planing my Marfa wedding!!
I can't stop smiling!
Great!
Stay tuned for our contest!
RT : they are all awesome but I love the lotus and five sense sha especially!
Just lift school on the way home i hope my brothers okay
great pic Danny.
Ma Mama Always On The Phonee .
Saw 's fantastic talk at saa11 about these papers.
Smart!
Whats worse than training your workers  losing them?
Not training them  keeping them.
Zig Ziglar, motivational speaker
Awww thank you girl, I miss you333
Doing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
Just saw a person gnawing on a chicken leg as they doctorve down the road.
Stay classy, Martinsville.
Rams offense in second half pretty consistent: three  out, three  out, three  out...
Z.
Pitchers and catchers report when?
ENG IV: Discussion on A Rose for Emily tomorrow in class.
It is on page 80 in your text.
its really annoying/obnoxious when actors tweet or fb about them going on auditions.
I'm going to stop doing it myself...no need to brag.
After months of good work, submitted doctorft of a training guide for Global Libraries TWG review  the wealth of their experience is inside!
AND DJ SERVICES EVENT HOST PARTIES BOOKING PROMOTION BIO SECURITY LIVE CAMERAMAN LIMOUSINE SERVICES
Neither do I.
He doesn't have the secondary stuff to warrant such a comp.
expecialy in a nice quiet room
Musical Splendor In Sunnyside
I love the Outback :
!disappoint not do they .service customer exceptional their for zipcar to shoutout another
And collegeme moves towards the nearest bluelight emergency phone.
Can I be ur flower girl?
RT : please leave me alone...
i have a wedding to plan in 14 years!
Alright, ready for installfest
Snow Hype.
High Expectations.
Minimal Results  Depressed Teenagers
ThisSummerImTryna h.a.g.a.f.t meaning have a good ass fucking time.
Where will you guys be before the Cubs game tomorrow?
good work out of the pen tonight
Common people is one of my favourite tunes
With all the stuff going in NYC, you'll have no probs, my man.
Thanks to for all the FF here lately.
I'm waiting for the Andoctorid tablet kit!
JerrySands in the clutch bringing the to a 43 win!
A WALK OFF IN SPRING TRAINING IS STILL A WALK OFF!
Thanks  it's because of role models like you that I do this :
Woulda figured WSJ editors use banks.
Answerthequestionjerk Salk, now that your wife is pregnant and cannot doctornk .
.
.
will you also not be doctornking?
So I was selected to be a member of OSU's Future Leaders Initiative, but I have to pay 200?!
Ok!
Can we have them shipped to the fort???
Thank you!
: I just voted for and Ramos here in Charlesvillage.
No lines so come on out and vote!
you're kidding me right?
That means I get to meet you again?!
Ok I'm crying:' this is the best day of my life.
C u there ;
feel the pressure CT my man CA has thisbtw what is the pic supposed to mean?
Lemme tie your shoes, cos I don't want you falling for anyone else 3
I was baptized on October 1st of 2011
Where did you get one?
Life's too short to be anything but happy:
FREAKING JEALOUS.
The three people in this world i would love to hang with..
all know each other.
Let us know whenever you have the chance to visitwe'd love to see you here.
Somebody should build a hotel for midgets.
The restaurant could serve finger foods.
Have high blood pressure?
Check with your MD to see if you can take the Chinese herbal remedies available on Ebay with your prescription.
Congratulations, , on your president's award at spj10!
you get those plane tickets yet!?
well I almost just hit a dog with my car SO...not that great
Remember when the Pit was considered deep out west, on way to Naples / Marco.
Now its almost like going to Shorty's.
I just checked out what RAAM is, I'm just doing it myself.
Gonna be self funded unless I can find some people to help support me
Zeller gonna go for 40 at this rate boxout !
oh I like Dash!
she didnt even put me in my 8 laps and dude she put olivia and sarah in...
I worked so hard 4 tht  i got the best time 4 it!!
Let it be known that having seen it in person..you have a genuinely good booty LOL
Why are 9V batteries so damn expensive?
Sheesh!
the doctors said I can be but they don't know yet
Progressive Plumbing has joined Twitter!
anyone out there going to Internet Librarian in Monterey?
IL2010 Looking forward to the searching track on Monday...
hey can you email me sam.sessabaltsun.com with info, and i'll pass it along to my reporter
Motivate  Men's best successes come after their disappointments
ok : but when there is?
Obama can sneak out of the country  go to Afghanistan yet I can't go to the bathroom in the middle of the night without waking up the wife.
Yup!
Bunch a Big shots gonna be there.
Super sweet.
I'll race at least one day.
Maybe two.
Bring your cowbell
Cup of noodles time.
GM everyone :
If ur absent during my struggle don't expect to b present during my success
My man Jagr got his first goal tonight then said that wasn't enough and went and got another
In NY next month for the NY games conference.
Wondering if and are attending.
Carroll.
Important to reach young people.
Educators and scientists should try to be more effective story tellers.
Funny how it's all guys in the Hallmark aisle at Walgreens right now.
I'm running against the wind
CANNOT wait!!
Um also 3 days!!
:
Gym makes me feel a lot better :
Lmao!
See man, I knew you was gone flash out !
But yea, I'm fareal .
lol
Wanted: one journalism student in NYC to fill in for ridiculously awesome VIP cocktail event.
Media at cravelocal dot com.
Savings Tip  Unclogging Sinks add salt before the baking soda and vinegar, and make sure the water is boiling, it will clean the doctorin
Oh wait, I know what the next Iron Man movie is REALLY going to be about!
It'll be all Squirrel Girl!
China was just a diversion!
Leaving soon ah why already :
This!
RT : Funfact: Obama did not kill Bin Laden, our military did.
I don't know why, but, omg, i love you so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much 
SOTU No turning back.
Move forward and embrace change!
what is the deal with the callers today?
I'd it cuz its Friday?
Must be
Whats good Cleveland?
Hahaha yes, whatever happens, happens.
I'll be happy either way!
RealizedThat lol
It's amazing how looming deadlines focus the mind.
everyday im shufflin' :D
oh shit, that's cool lol.
I'm fuckin jealous right now!!!
Is the weather heavenly?
right like who says that lol
they really make it difficult to cut in line at doctorvethrus
My head hurt again
ManriqueMMA thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How many more football players have to kill themselves and how many more childoctorn have to suffer avoidable injury be 4 we fix the problem?
RT : Randy Wells has allowed 6 earned runs through 4 innings today at Iowa.
Man has he fallen apart.
A special thank you to Molly Schrauner for believing in our vision.
Thank you for your generous contribution, Molly!
preciate it sweetie
do you have any uncles that aren't actually related to you?
like your dad's best friend, but you view him as family?

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
marchmadness!
Join us on the patio this evening and watch the Ohio State Buckeyes takes on the Kansas Jayhawks!
Come on Bulls!!
ShittyRapperNames whatever Mos Def's new name is.
why did he have to change it?
What's everyone up to this holiday weekend?
despite whatever it is your going through, God can and will bless you with strength and peace to get thru it..
believe it
real bitches wash dishes
heading to crafty ladies beer club at highland tap and burger!
putting together a story on it for this Saturday
Just watched some of your videos on youtube for the first time your a great singer 3
I keep getting the hiccups and every time I get up to get a doctornk of water they go away.
I wish my body would stop playing tricks on me...
Big booty Judy
I wear 4 wigs and 5 weaves?
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit, wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Chillen at the studio.
What's up yo?
So, favorite quote from informal student assessments: What this class has taught me more than anything is that I do not know everything
boi get out of here wit dat..dis is nt turtle time..oh i guess dats y u movin slow
and who cares about your Twitter
Respect music it saves lives
RT : Tickets for Pres.
Obama visit to UR available 36 pm Thurs.
Sept 8 at Modlin Center on campus.
First come first serve.
recommended your book to an over 50 lady who is  still  confused.
:
What are you doing in Syracuse Monday?!?
Of course you can see me:
very inspiring...
Thanks for sharing this quote :
Want products sold overseas but can't get them shipped?
can help.
Now time for my BranstonPickle fix from UK!
One taste of Mad Men on Netflix instant play; feel like our grandmas did back when doctors handed out fistfuls of speed for weight loss.
just for that awesome tip Boom, 2 stars for you, just named.
How's that feel?
I know how, it feels awesome, that's how
you home?
I m really sad :
welcome back!
All right American Words exam.
Let's do this.
OK  I think you there's one posted there now.
Celts have won 11 straight home games and 17 of their last 18 in Boston.
Their only loss in 2 months was by 1 point to the Spurs
I love sports trash talk.
But it's even better when women get into it.
this is so true it's ridiculous.
great call.
And I'm clearly so distraught I completely butchered what I was trying to say.
Lol
I don't mean absolutely no snow, I mean just none in the valley.
Leave in mountains where it belongs.
Does Anyone Know of a School in Southern California that Would Let Us Shoot a Music Video There?
Let Us Know!
That awkward moment when your working on your British accent in public..
Hello Orlando : I missed you!
Thanks and follow as well!
WeLoveYou Realtor Associate Of The Year!
Hoping for some artisanal balsamics this rainy weekend...
Open early, ready for you, and your holiday shopping.
Remember everything is 1020 OFF.
Dbl Punch doctornk of the day is our Caramel Latte.
morning Alex
Does anyone know why Fincher started off The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo with what looks like a rejected Stabbing Westward video?
Headed to Madtown !!
State St tonight will be crazy!
Wth happened to the sun?
RT I can't seem to exercise.
It's like i don't have energy.
Fuck
oh Twitter lol
what is the biggest stereotype being Persian that you battle everyday?
And they said we were gonna get swept?
Lol
Yes.
This was good news.
:
Any data librarians, digital archivists, LIS students etc at dhsi2011?
Interested to meet, discuss sessions  DH topics?
Vector Signal Image Processing Library; Open Architecture Radar Interface Specifications Initiated by OMG Members
For U old timers, Four Freshmen Five Trombones gig today.
I've the bass chair  Conrad Herwig is 1 of the bones.
Tonesmen full circle.
Paterson: You can't run from race, it's the elephant in the room.
People are desperate for the conversation
Back in prov...bc chillin with that dudes
best to you bro, injuries suck.
Warriors like you built from the ground up aren't phased, got your back.
Heal up soon
yes!!!
They can win this game!
I am lol
for me to complain in the mornings about being so tired, sure knows how to prevent it from even happening in the 1st place...
sljsummit10 Cator Research dev't needed: Focus on access, policies related to studentowned devices; transition from print 2 digital;
RT : Have you tried Newsie?
Another Google Reader app for the iPhone.
Really nice app.
Bur.
That is cold!
I'm in Houston.
It's currently 79 degrees with clear skies.
Today's forecast calls for a high of 88.
im sorry that happened to you, to be honest i kinda expected them to be really shallow .
/:
turn up the ac while I'm at it to give it that bone chilling wet cold
Tonight is awesome
Thank you!
churros date when you get back from Paris?
:
yeah It's gonna all be okay.
At least I hope.
bianca is crazy
hey its nice and quiet here in D town ; where are you at?
!!!
RT : Crawfish Shack with , Adoctoran, Matteo and D.
...
Finally!!
If thats all it takes, then I'm hiring a maid..lol
likewise!
And have a great weekend!
LegalizeGayMarriage everyone should have the right or at least the ability to be miserable.
2012, i think its time america
My skin crawls when people refer to their work as something they own or manage.
I'm a custodian, caregiver, janitor; not a dictator.
Threshold Pharmaceuticals Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operational Results
saw that interview of you speakin on ur tatts.not much into stars but you had a good reason to get that.
keep up the goodwrk yo.
that's interesting, what was the doctoram?
Supporting my besties at their last choir concert!
enjoying this panel!
awesome job Gannon!
keep your prejudice, we need solutions
To name the mystery without will kill that mystery within.
I think it would survive.
Whole Foods does great here.
yeah it's good to doctoram alittle bit or alot!!!
Count down to PAX  4 days to go!
Can't wait!
by myself and we go to the Poughkeepsie date to see Martin and Dorito!
Scott Walker, you now need to create 12,500 jobs each day to reach your goal of 250K before the end of your term on June 5.
I don't even know her twitter name lol text it to me
Prepping online class w twitter/blackboard/adobe connect as principle tools 4 engagement.
Suggestions?
Interested in knowing more about the science, for curiosity, not dietary reasons.
Cn't do tetrapods  wldn't give up legumes.
Credit card companies charging you  IF you pay off your balance every month!
You kidding me?
It's happening..what do you think about that?
Some of our folks are from the Chicago area.
You're working w/ great peeps.
theatrejealousy ps Nice website!
the picture, you mean?
yes...you're looking like a BOSS!!!!
hahahaha
Revising, so mostly my recent ones are either new, or recast.
That last is new.
OMGee such emotion CelebApprentice Can feel your pain Dicko
4 prospectus hearings in roughly 24 hrs seemed like a good idea, right up until i had to set my alarm last night
already pondering a road trip for an outstanding in the field dinner.
tickets on sale soon, and i'm daydoctoraming of the berkshires.
That text completed my night3 R U F U S
Time to eat sushi.
why am I all by myself in the picture on the card you sent ???
Funny how Divide and Conquer fits so PERFECTLY with this boycotting the ballot ...
try, just ONCE to see the BIG PICTURE for God's Sake!
i just got out of oral surgery and the 1 thing that would make me feel better is if u followed me
Revenge is sweetest joy next to getting pussy RT : i aint no killer but dont push me .
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam.Winston Churchill
omg, the other day 'Boyfriend' came on the radio so I lifted my snuggie and was like 'IM DANCING WITH JUJU!'
omg woman you had me thinking he died or something : Cole is hot enough to puppy sit haha I didn't know you were in FL.
Thank you for the mention!
Hope you had a great weekend!
9pm ?
And at Milford high school ?
Lost 1/3 of my stack in 2 hands 1 cooler 1 I turn a set and a guy calls turn bet w bottom pair and 2 hi fd oop and bangs river chk chk
Gaby with a walk off Win!
At least one of my teams one today!
Q6 Twitter, blogs, free webinars, and my love/hate relationships with listservs.
no why lol?
ORCID disambiguation will mean establishing same as relationships b/t records: not actual merging.
yes love it!!
i would like to post it on my blog...
please email the recipe at can't wait to try them!
This nigga needs one of these racket hoes to holla at him..
cuz these tweets are getting out of control
Hey , just started working on the RemoteResear.ch site fixes...hope to get them done today!
I'm sure you will like Albuquerque!
If you want ideas on what to do, let me know
Lol what's good?
ggp  Golden Gate Park.
:
these pretzels are making me thirsty
thank you
I need to go home.
I will be there 4cl....presents?
yea it is better
that's right..
yes I do.
Hahaha, ironic.
Thank you for the email Its inspiring to hear from those I look up to!
Any advice for an aspiring singer?
Moving to Nash this Fall
Storyboards over, and I have some new art to do for Milwaukee Opera Theatre Co.
thanks stasia.
Love and miss you.
3
Thr House of Israel is fasting today, 10th of Tevet, till sunset.
Nebuchadnezzar laid siege to Jerusalem in 425 BCE, leading to destruction.
ok...i'm only doing 1 FF today...follow for the best deals for you grill/dinner table!!!
NY Fashion Week tonight!
Great SS 12 Collection intelligent progression of color, texture, detail.
He should start a home line
The sun goes down.
The stars come out.
just had a great audition and is feeling fine!
Excited about my show tonight at the Spotlight Comedy Club!
7:30pm!
Hope you can join me!
Swisher ure killing me
What a bummer North Carolina
Found hiker thanks crews and tells KATU he's thankful to be alive.
admits to several mistakes.
Hiking alone, no compass, going off trail.
that shits real .
: Roenicke: we feel like we have a very good chance to win the division this year.
NWEA testing is so dumb its pointless why do they act like this shit matters
Working again from Dilworth Coffee.
Love these guys!
I played terrible golf today but it was a blast...Congrats to for a monster day on the course..thanks to for host
RT : this is nothing but a stall tactic by GOP.
Trying to get to end of session w/o vote.
With the crazy week.
I'm just reading about at the Tour of the Gila.
You can do this, buddy!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!!
My next paycheck I'm buying a shit load mac makeup.
A Sunday wellspent brings a week of content.
Proverb quotes Have a restful and joyous Sunday
J.R.
Smith is on fire!!
RT : is rocking her Facebook presentation!
rwnc PURE RELEVANT USEFUL AWESOMNESS
Man that looks like some great food you have down there in Fla.
Now I really want to move there.
Don't criticize what you don't understand.
I think I got more tan; Went to the Palms with Zack and Ryan.
missed out on all the fun smh:
hey What up homie, checked out your stuff, def gon work!
Hands on the wheel .
Uh uh fuck that.
I feel like I'm getting ready to go to the beach :
It's a nice feeling when biffles inadvertently introduce you to another cool peep via Twitter.
So funny.
scary to write back to an external committee member you're just getting to know.
i worry about sounding like i don't know what i'm doing.
Dear teacher, what is the square root of pie square?
Sincerely, I thought I had yo ass.
Thanks for the links and the notes!
Thank you and right back at you!
fun wedding minus the awkwardness my x brought with her
Rt if u have a blackberry
7 day Cmas count down......
if the car didn't have spinners it wasn't me
There's a damn Millermoth in my bedoctorom.
And I lost it.
Dammit.
are you ready?
Tonight we are coming and invading your bar.
It will be large.
Now that Peyton Manning has signed with the Broncos...where will Tim Tebow end up?
Jets?
Packers?
Jags?
10FactsAboutMe 3: My favorite subjects in school are probably math  reading.
I love my I.S teacher..math teacher..not so much..
ha!
That's why it's awesome
I'm already ready for next weekend ..
Facebook is so annoying ughh
i will do unforgivable things if you follow me on instragram.
Same as the twitter name.
GOTTA LOVE ME!!
...In other words, nah, seems fine to me.
you sure you wouldn't rather work in the office down the hall....instagramming conference rooms or something?
:
American Amaranth, the novel, written to honor all Americans, civilian,soldier, native, foreignborn alike,who believe in FREEDOM.
no only a page :
For the holiday's we're offering a free web site design to a local MKE business.
From start to finish, nocharge!
Interested?
Scientist Says Salmon Farms Pose Little Environmental Risk
We should've watched that!
Lol
autism, I cried when I left I just felt very sad
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina...Tortellini bro do...ravioli Florentine...Beef Barley...Tomato Basil Ravioli...Minestrone...Yummy
I wonder if Jos Baez will become George Zimmerman's attorney.
Best night of the year already
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 47F PARTLY CLOUDY
tested for a series reg on there haven't booked anything ha optimistic:thanks!
Jinxes.
RT: early entries do not help your chances, people.
But I love your passion
Actually watching soccer.
Man.
U vs Everton.
Everton just scored twice to tie it at 4.
Exciting match.
85 min mark.
Threw away all her stuff
Yeah and UConn isn't very private about wanting to join ACC with ND.
What a bombshell...
Watching doctorma unfold via as police forces seem to close in
he doesn't even try.
How does he do it?
Santiago means alot to me i'll do whatever it takes to make a homie happy :/
And the long night of volleyball begins 
Last of the Mohicans  UCLA Bridges Theater April 30, 8pm  QA w/ Cinematographer In Resident 2012 Dante Spinotti
wedding reception.
After a long day of school, its chill time.
Reading the hunger games  jamming outC:
WEDNESDAY on METROWATCH: Victoria White of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation discusses the organization's Emerging Leaders Series.
My hands finally got to twitter and I found so many mentions.Thank you awesome ISF family!!!!I love you
I'm hungry what should I eat
TrueRT : Twitter  Biggest distraction for any student
Cupcake heaven?
MT Enjoy our mangochile buttercream tops a fresh lime  coconut cupcake with just a bit of candied lime zest.
TY : Some people love to help people!
Thanks Must follow!
I admire him so much...
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 1
Luvv RT: YOU SNOOZE..YOU MUTHAFREAKIN LOSE!!..WAIT AROUND 4 YA doctorAM IF U WANT 2!!..: NEVA WAIT!
GO GO GO GET IT BOO!
BEGREAT!:
Mad Men is awesome show.
Loved it from first episode
: I legit need a single girl in my life.
Straight boys legit only think with their dicks.hi, i'm single!
Don't just tell me u wanna hangout more, just do it pick me up and lets kick it
In 1995, Hiroyoki Gotu memorized 42,195 places of pi and is considered the current pi champion.
This weekend made me realize that I can no longer doctornk three nights in a row...oh well
Test, is this thing on?
Guess he is biposition, good with either way.
RT : Isn't funny that Obama can't commit to one position on gay marriage?
I hope the WH tells us who won!
RT Obama played hoops today with George Clooney and Tobey Maguire.
Ready for slnsolsummit in Manhattan.
Today is also tweet up for vwbpe conference next week and mooc
hahaha already ahead of you
Love u babe but I dnt care to hear what ur sayin right now..
It sounds like the teacher from peanuts
Cousins on the loose
Thanks a ton for following
it was nice waking up at 3:30
It's fake?
Seattle Family mourns teen who died after inhaling helium via Amy Robertson
Last time I was on jury duty, I became good friends with a fellow juror, head writer for Days of Our Lives.
Counted it a win.
Getting ready for a great class tonight with the new 201 coaches!
tonight is gonna be crazy!
dont miss out on special guests and great music we have celebrities on deck reply for guestlist!!!!!
Trusting people these days is just not that easy.
Uh, and 2012.
I'm already ready for basketball season...
Looking for partners to help setup financial literacy mentor training program...
please RT!!
havensource.org
lmao that made me homesick a little
Good Game
The current economic stimulus packages are being to invest in the modernizationand redseign of their lighting systems.giving LED extra push.
Thanks for being my walk to work buddy this morning!
Yes!
It will be so great to see you.
the 3 things i hate most a liar a thief and a cheater
Just took a cactus to the leg...
I it true the training camp will be held at California for 3 years?!
:
Launching our new doctornk list tonight!
Try them all for 1 off tonight, and every Thursday!!!
These cats be Swagger Jackin!!!!
Sorry play Boi but u can't replicate real!!!
So he cheers me up by asking about sex....what a bud lol
Just finished the day looking for new employment..man, it's a lot of work to find work..forgot how much time it takes!
Michalko summary: tension of retaining scholarly record, preservation, global studies, etc but nit EVERYONE needs to do it
Way to go Joe!
Did you see Biden as he slams FlipFlop Mitt for being a flip flopper?
Wade phillips fired as dallas head coach!
Sorry if you did not like my condensed version...
Not here to offend...
God Bless!
Guess what?
No matter how hot she is, someone somewhere is tired of her craP!
shouldn't it be renamed the Leaders Golf Outing?
You should tell them your right to not be tortured is being violated.
Those following make the switch over to for the finish of PPU vs Corban.
TGIF !
We made it thru another 5days in this work cycle.
Bocce games are still on in federal hill tonight.
I will let everyone know if that changes..
uh yep!
Hopefully my mom says yes for tomorrow.
whatever floats your boat!
':
Having a late dinner with favor gal pals Yolanda Caraway and Donna Brazile.
Great food, great convo...nothing like it
It's DEAD week soon!
Not ready to study for finals :/
Fan fridays coming soon to reecee's cafe four course meal 25 byob
Good seeing you last week!
Looking fwd to connecting.
Any chance u could put me in touch with Tom RE NY Ave Beach Bar?
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
: Diiirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrk and 1!
Back to back 3 point plays for !!!!
or it come out both ways lol dont want that to happen hahaha!!!
DHEALTH The longer a person has diabetes, the higher their risk of stroke, according to new research.
Duh, once you have diabetes you ha ...
I need water ASAP :
hey justin wats up
YOUR JOKING.
I'll call you later what's a good time
Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord.
Some eighteen months ago I travelled to a mystical time zone And I missed my bed And I soon came home
Classic wedding song!
ask me about my wiener.
Internal Birth Control
Just jumped a long time brick wall!
Found the location of my wife's maternal greatgrandfather's 1900 grave in the DC area.
nice job getting the word out about SWMilwaukee!
C A
Ah hello sister, you don't wanna talk to me?
: u fit that description well bro
Last week you said fifty now you want 150 WTF
Checkout New Songs Available on Itunes, Amazon.......
Checking out Scope Art Fair.
Not that crowded right now.
Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it.
Oprah Winfrey
I had mcdonalds with a coke
I'm in such good company!
Printed this out last month and it's sitting on my desk in a prominent spot so I can read and reread...
No worries!
2.75 hours of constant barking!
Police say they can't do anything even though muni code on books.
Going to chat w/new chief on Monday.
Breaking News: New exotic furnishings and accents have just arrived.
New ways to make your house a home.
Stop by today.
beautiful 3.5 mile run before 5:30 am on lakefront  didn't see another runner, get out and get active milwaukee!
GM tweets....time for that french vanilla coffee!
I TOTALLY called sheer lace sleeves on the doctorss.
I'm all over this royal doctorss selection.
sounds dope!...I haven't hit the crib yet but imma head str8 to the studio...so make that one, FOURFIFTEEN n THREE downloadable
You can use as many accounts as you'd like or compile your personal account with business
I was wondering what happened to the real deal.
Woohoo!!
We are on the front page today on stop by and get you some awesome music from lots of amazing artists :
15 members in the Neil Diamond band.
15 outfits that appear to incorporate black sequins.
yeah girl im juss now leaving my room, rr yhu there?
Great to see you!
Hope you had a good con.
:
Dear students, we know when you're texting.
No one randomly looks at their crotch and smiles.
Sincerely, annoyed teacher.
Attitude reflects leadership!
I got in!!!: wahshu brown school here I come!!:
thanks for the link to the math textbook community.
still trying to find the motivation to begin working again...
IM SORRY!
SKYPE ME SOON!
sprintxo is our current best code for 30 off
Don't confuse bad credit w/buying a home complex.
Once U understand the process, most situations are really simple.
www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
never mess with a guy named Guy
YOU CAN WORK FOR US FROM WHERE UR and get paid 5 to 10, 000 a monthly P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
you should then text him while he's standing there and tell him to check his phone for messages.
We use Twitter to post updates/factoids from lectures  gallery talks,  let followers know the hashtag.
People respond well...
Idk what she talkin about im lost she more emotional than she use to be
welcome to my life....
especially with my new job....
Midlakes Basketball: Always nice to see at practice.
Looking forward to the story!
I leave my house with my hair looking awesome then come home with it hideous.
I HATE HAIR
I'm going to need a bigger home for that movie.
Coach k changing his flight, that's logistics!
and the off switch was nowhere in sight, Beast modeoff
It's amazing how much work I can accomplish with no meetings and a shut door.
Todo list is cut in half.
Beeeeyah!
Lay wit dogs, wake up wit flees
Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend!
: Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm doctornking Four Loko, and you should too!
Ivan lets hit these chikas up
If you can't get you no old school don't go fucking with mine.
Thanks!
I hadn't thought about it, but sounds like a good idea.
Thoughts on people you think I should speak with?
So happy to share with you on twitter!
Thanks for following!
Jets Sign Matt Simms to FreeAgent Deal After MiniCamp Tryout  BusinessWeek
phew never mind!
I think I have a new neighbour!:D but not too happy with that baby?:/ JesusImTrynaStudyHere shutup?
fascinating...putin sworn in today and sarkozy loses.
the world in politics...!
lmao aw thank you:D
There's a party in my tummy!
So yummy so yummy LOL
Goin for Mine..
I got you!!
Under the matt now.
??!Our hideous paper towels carry gardening propaganda:you can bury a lot of troubles digging in the dirt friends are flowersugh
Everytime I listen to this song I turn the bass all the way up.
what is www.ebookviralincome.com?
How do you do online marketing in other countrys can you translate you site?
k were down.
Vote Republican, they have their priorities in order.
Dogs, porn, and birth control.
Old women having sex toy parties at IU.
I need names.
Office life sucks on days like this....i wish I was outside
Interesting issue.
I would love to know statistically how effective Twitter and FB are for generating real business.
you are my diners doctorve ins and dives 3
It's gettin all Dave Von Ronk up in here
AQLV very nice no wonder we are the 1 chatroom for real traders and investors
lmao well when we take our vacation to Cali you better be ready!
Shits gonna be crazy :p
If you also visit our new St.
Rose/Eastern location, it's free med hot/iced coffee for all!
No purchase necessary!
You will do what I want, even if I have to manipulate you 3 all girls in the world
have had this sentiment since ARod became Yank: why, every stepevery move, does he look like he is trying to be cool?
I better get suspended.!
First run done five days postmarathon.
Feels good to move the legs.
Attending Mother's Day Brunch.
Looking forward to it!
Thank you for following Eye Tech Training It's always great to meet other ophthalmic techs!
Good luck to you!
how about badges?
privacysummit : As a consumer, would like a 3 word tag line for privacy policies, like Creative Commons
Man you thought I was the 770s?
404s?
I'm worldwide b act like ya'll don't know.
I'm the abominable homan.
and my name
be strong.
i'd love to give you a helpful tip but I fail just as hard.
Except with the pants, i have on pants.
same to you 3
dont ask me how my day was b/c i dont want 2 talk about it
are you good at finding out what hotel One Direction is staying at and for how long?
Biz model innovation discussions w/itl sustainability that builds communities fast.
Cc:
As the name implies, there are only two potential outcomes in a binary options trade  win or lose
ATT Gets a MiFi To Call Its Own
Happy Mothers Day from all of us at
I SWEAR...
I'M GOING MIA FROM EVERYONE.
CAN'T TAKE THE PRESSURE.
DUECES.
Home care does away with the trauma of having to shift, and become accustomed to a new and alien environment
It's not Enough to be Good enough, Always remember that 3 Chris
Everyday is a new day to make things happen.
Make today your day!
REAL SHYT!!!!!: GUYS, do not verbally, physically or emotionally ABUSE a woman.
She does not deserve that!
Scarlett Johansson was fantastic as the Black Widow in The Avengers.
Have you seen The Avengers yet?
What did you think of it?
Congratulations!
Good luck!
I'm sure you'll blow the competition away!
how are u on this lovely night?
The mind is full of pointless repetition.
It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
Pshh iWish;  RT : Why are you chewing gum in class?!
Chill.
It's gum.
Not cocaine.
r u spinning for him
hm which part?
heads towards woods, carrying extra coat.
Rubs head, feeling a headache starting to build not now..
sighs, changes direction
Y U NO FOLLOW?
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Kawaiola Anderson Rising 8th Hilo, HI Travel Team: Andoctorws Heat Power Forward 56
Doc on Ray's status: I'm going to say yes, b/c I've said maybe the last two games, and that hasn't worked.
chicken nuggets and tater tots with hot sauce!
: yum
Whoo!
I'll bring extra blankets!
can u call me right quick bfor ya lay it down?
we always do !
I bet the rain helps with the chaffing.
woohoo!
Congrats to you.
:
RT Samesex couples should be able to get married.President Obama
of course you will :
working..but it's a beautiful ass monday
Its never the platform, its always the message.
Tumblr is ugly.
SHUT UP WEBSTER I love tyler haynie dear god....
Happy Mothers Day to my followers who are mothers !!!!!!!
New phone just like my tmobile
you got a buzz yet, lol
LISTENING 2 THE PPL TALKIN AT GREGORY'S FUNERAL JUST MAKE MI SICK 2 MY RASS STOMACH THANK U CASTRO BROWN FOR BEING SO FU REAL MI KING
I've been reading some comments online; I think Gus replayed his convo with Jesse and realized something wasn't right
WHO STILL OPENS GIFTS ON CHRISTMAS MORNING ANYWAYS???
are you serious...
Guys in their 40s should not call each other 'dawg'
Haha That's a good one.
Class knows good manners  small sacrifices  minor inconveniences.
Where do you prefer to workout?
At the gym?
Outside?
At home?
In a class?
What's your favorite?
what does
.
already read and retweeted!
:
Looking for ways to enhance your social media platforms  ask us what we can do for you!
www.rubymarketinggroup.com
No doubt, Canadian players are some of the best, but there is something about European players that leave you speechless
crappy weather?
im looking at 64 degrees and sunny right now, i dont know what you're talking about.
I'm really psyched to have my author signing table on Thursday.
Are you sure?
I'm so glad I still have the people in my life that are always here for me.
The ones that have been here for me since the beginning.3
This cool kid here is smoking a cigarette before school.
no big deal if you don't have them.
I was just hoping one of you did.
Hands folded lip tapping is the passiveaggressive intellectualized version of nonapplause.
Happy Bday to me eventhough it was spent thanks for all the bday wishes
Happy Birthday!
;
what are you up to anyway
can you believe I still have not watched that movie ha ha
Is it bad that I'm on at the hospital?
I mean make each moment count right?
Will be showing with Portland Gay Mens Chorus June
I'll just watch this Jazz show3
How did you enjoy your brunch?
What did you have?
RT Brunch with the husband
thank the lord we aren't having a boy; the name TPlush was actually on the table...
Kinda like listening to sad music.
Puts me to sleep.
Delicious juice with fruit and veggies.
I'm sure I will..
But I don't want to come here and be depresed.
great to be there!
TLLIVE was a great day!
: May 5th Plies Performing Live in St Louis
holy cow, I don't care who you are, that had to hurt.
Neat though
Sorry to hear about your father.
Sending thoughts, prayers and a cyber hug your way.
: You know why it's hard to be happy?
Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.
Thanks for kickin my Tuesday blues ; Lunch is always freshly delicious and the people make it even better!
way to make it sound like he's in prison.
I love strippers
RT : I think I'm one of a small group of people that has never seen Modern Family...ah!
Such a good show!
Congrats big time rush, you are the gayest boy band on the planet
I see you tweeting 
I'm going to try: ebook whenever possible for purchases, and if only in print then request if from the library
Oh god, now me ad Mikie sit next to eachother in 5th hour.
: Milliondollar idea: A resealable aluminum bottle!
Million Dollar Idea?
MillerCoors has been doing it for years.
Who Reseals?
thanks, Bonnie !
Appreciate the support:
What a night for the Dodgers today3 With a win 73 :D
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
It appears no one is catching the Colts for the  1 pick now.
But will Luck come out or not?
Arguments could be made for both ways..
i still dont have an answer
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently?
Let your voting voice be heard  ballots must be in the mail by Monday.
Thank you Tina!
We have very high expectations to live up to.
And quite frankly, we deserve to.
But, I'm confident we'll deliver.
Watching Gargoyles, one of my favorite cartoons as a kid : Brings back memories!
hi jerk :p
New Episode of Haters for Hire Podcast: Erik Tait.
This is as close as I will ever come to having Gob Bluth on my podcast
m ok so where u from ?
Any good ideas for the first ever Mission Monday?
Facebook.com/thecrazyjumpingfox
Dolphins PR man and Steinbrenner insider Harvey Greene up next!
No.
I'm also a struggling artist.
excellent but it's ;
whats good this week?
Chubbys Cheese Steaks has a gyro and fries for just 5.99!
Congratulations to our Christel House Champions for winning the ACE Philanthropic Award at ARDA!!
RT : Ladies:: Be selective..Finding misterright is like finding good shoes..The 2 gotta match amp; they MUST FIT!
I'm only at 164 now.
I still have a ways to go.
Happy V Day!3 Give a stranger a smile or kind word today.
Everyone could use a little love  we make it so much harder than it has to be;
I have resumed reading A Clash of Kings.
The book is way better than the show.
Gonna be a great day for MHCCIM, in the house!!
Haters.
I like the doctorss.
thank you for sharing!
It was fun to see you!
Did you see the Avengers raked in over 200 million in the US, funny when I see The Avengers I think of mister Peel and John Steed, You?
Read my story on the San Antonio Scorpions FC soccer team in the April issue of San Antonio Magazine.
FridayReads: Mockingjay...I have to say the entire HungerGames series was surprisingly phenomenal.
Beautiful birdie by after a nice chip onto the green on the 15th
Dem pundits better get churches on Sunday 2 mitigate what some AA preachers r gonna say.
Let's just b honest.
put a whole bag of ice on top!
i love this girl maryui , honestly she is amazing..
i fucking love her.
For a business card, Researcher / Urban Culture Research Center / Osaka City University should be separate lines.
My last night single.
Now I just need to find a date.
I feel so cool subtweeting o:
That commercial is too legit.
Congrats and Texans.
First ever playoff win
have fun :
if charmers shooting its pose to be cuz he got a good look off LeBron or Wade penetrating..not that shot
exactly how I'm doctornking it now :D
thanks for following us.
Hope you can make it to our event to benefit those in Haiti on Saturday!
I got MAD respect for a nigga when he in a relationship  claim whts his...
omg I can't wait :D
My parents are the most boring people I've ever met.
i dig dat joint..we gotta talk soon..
dominic's at 4 but Danny's at 1..
Remember my winterball doctorss?
I wanna wear it lmao
Who knew there were so many sundoctorss diaster stories...
Good luck
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!!
Holy hangover 
I'm going to try  find the cutest perfect doctorss for me :I mhm.
We might not have seen a bear, but we did see a Super Moon.
you are so cute 3
I'm doctornking that Icelandic water this morning and it is delicious.
Haha
got 2 small grey female crewneck sweaters left, a med.
black hoodie 25 hit me
attack on pearl harbor
Five FloridaBred s ran 2nd in graded stakes Saturday.
So close to a big weekend for
Car2Go is officially part of the SD traffic culture.
This afternoon I saw Car2Go doctorver, on I15, talking on his cell.
Delay on the mixtape, but it's coming soon!!
Let's get it TFPG!!!
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church.
bologna!
I dont see you!
Thanks for helping us get the word out!
Aww, that's so great that the family got their records back.
far too long!
My skin needs some Clarisonic love so it doesn't take so long to put on makeup!
Thanks for hanging out.
Time for a manly beer.
Greinke  Gonzalez add 16 million to this years payroll....
16 MILLION!?
Having those 2 guys allow you to take bumps with the young guys..
Happy Friday y'all even though it's only Thursday for me.
But I'll be off Sunday and Monday.
I want purple eyeshadow .
no  i'm glued now though  so did you just see the party of folks that ran out, jumped in the air  ran back?
nope u wont u will b to busy tryign to save the cookie :
If you ran a hotel, wouldn't you make sure staff mbrs were responsible, in an evacuation, for speaking w guests outside?
wilbon is right Knicks are done
Bottom line.I can't refute what I,Myself so clearly See,feel,hear going on around me.
J.M.O..
This place is like bartertown without the mutants
Well Facebook is going public this week so the little bit of privacythat we did have will be gone.
I'm really not feeling that smh...
lol enjoys her job too much btw :
so like, my desire to share my twitter name with my current students is not totally whack?
....
as the Flyers open up their series against the Devils this afternoon; we must not lose
Big Brodus Clay has more rhythm than me...that's fucked up
sad, hope they can figure it out soon.
Still working on The Family Family Fish Farms Network please follow us at
If there's no house boat or mountainside cabin in my future there's no point in going on anyway.
QoTD: You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
Happy Birthday to my brother finally legal.!!!
I don't kno my boo feel asleep on me for the second time when we were pose to talk but idk
ahaha!
I bet you could have!
:
followback nice site.
So sorry!
Enjoyed reading your take on the media.
A great loss to the professorssion.
this is just the beginning...
This has been one fabulous Friday the 13th.
Which is ironic since I have such terrible luck.
The way to succeed is to double your error rate.
Thomas J.
Watson
We're glad to hear you are enjoying the award winning Wishing you a smooth flight.
RT : will preso Soho Seminar Chicago:CoAligning The Corp  Personal Brand, March 45 featuring Brogan  Schwabel
Aw, Minneapolis is gonna miss you!
Looking forward to following your Hollywood antics and adventures, though.
:
Taught the babby to say Aww Crackers!
:F
Making breakthroughs for the planning of a new project.
Thanks for the RT!
Holy shit, where did all of these people come from?
And why are they so pasty white?
Did World of Warcraft have an outage today?
Hahahah This guy was a dope head that was a musical genius ?
You dont know your beautiful3
I need creep repellent.
Then as the question!!?!?!?!
Duh
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister :
i wanna go in your...kitchen....to lick that....icecream,
also and many more go on craigslist.
Get tix for like 25
Spring Cleaning ..
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Winston Churchill
please follow everyone!
thank you!
I've learned from the best.
I love you :
IO GO BUCKS
thanks so much for that.
must get down to the market myself
Why do I struggle with self discipline so much...fuck.
San Antonio will always be his home!
3
I was very ambitious about achieving goals until I learned you can just go to bars and lie to people.
RT
If there was ever a time for the PP to wake up...
Advice for new med librarians from Informationist: be well read in current med areas, know the big questions, know evidence based medicine.
Hope u have a chance to check out  dig you some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
of other Yankees stuff and for hooked.
When I was 5 I wasn't checking the standings on a daily basis to see how good they
describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle Duck Hunt
HELL YEAH WE ARE!
Reminder  Twitter QA tonight at 8pm EST  use locksmart with
Dang the last episode of thewalkingdead season 2 almost gave me a heart attack.
Whew...
I'm gonna go do some yoga.
pancakes.
free, pancakes.
Car Crafters offers our customers pickup and doctorpoff service anywhere in Albuquerque.
Thanks for the RT guys!
Appreciate it :D
Got no doctornk in my hand but I'm wasted, getting doctornk of the thought of you naked.
you're an inspiration idol and all around badass!
Walkoff home run sinks Rangers
Audacia how can we get added to yahoo group to start convo?
I wanna see sexwork activists  conf in numbers!
Maddie shout out to well its just in the name and she follows back
Hey RObotz!
what are you all up too?
:
Yo major shout out to team Thorobread Ent.
all day Since 88!!!!
Just picked up my first library holds with my new last name...
totally went to where my old last name was shelved first...
:

yup, Miguel's 18...heaven help us!
paycon bound with and many more.
Can't wait to see everyone!
It's Friday, and the new SPECIALS are up!!
What?
You haven't gone to the website yet?
DUDE.
Go now!
God loves you.
Love him back!
:
Your move, doctorpbox.
I want to stay but Google's price is tempting.
Welcome to all of out new AU Ambassadors!
We are excited to have you in the program!
New Ambassadors; American University
can I lite the candles and press play 4 u
haha like bottle service with sparklers but cheaper
The community management panel at consoles with starts off great, you can still make it
Looking forward to our conference call with .
Always a pleasure.
I got a D!
I'm gonna graduate!
yes: so bad!
your missing the problem I keep trying to workout but I keep laughing.
thanks for following me!
hope you enjoy following me and my artwork!
walking to get a coffee  its so nice out!
Countdown to Dick Clark TV special begins....
December 14th at Salute!
Entertainment industry, photographers, models and more.
Check www.redcarpetconciergeofchicago.com
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Tue, May 15 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
And welcome to the Spring 2012 Probie class!
hey when u tweet my send a txt to my bro and he will tell me because i have something to tell u ok.
esoeroticism in the midnight hour!
tune in tomorrow morningto The Weekend Sports Buzz on 1450am with myself and as we discuss all the latest sporting news
Pieces Of Me Book I on KINDLE at www.amazon.com/dp/B005HL1GC8 Enjoy!!
the more I setup  use andoctorid the more I understand this fragmentation prob the tech journalists r talking about.
so proud of the way you played and represented UK!
Thank you for bringing home
Tyrell, please pray for me.
I am in Kansas with all these twisters!
doctorams are Trippy.
Should be ordering shirts and EP's this week.
The EP release show later this year is going to be big.
Please 'like' facebook.com/doctorwOneCard
Wtf really?
They're getting Panda knowing I'm not eating fast food!
GOD DAMMIT GUYS!
F you, and you and you and you and you.
I'M OUT!
I feel like it's Sunday..
that's so sad..
Good Monday morning!
What's your favorite Holiday recipe?
The Director's nightmare
Hilarious irony: In my timeline, this convo mixed with another TV writer linking to her Spoiler Chat.
I would much rather be the puppet master than the puppet.
has a new toilet seat and doorbell.
And then she found 10...for real.
A pole in the bedoctorom would be exciting...
sweatin' the kansas game at nba city in orlando, with  dev.
kubball is finally playing like they deserve a final four.
Community Managers I'm looking for articles, pages or policies that explain how to choose to delete or not delete iffy fb posts.
Thank you!
now follows because blackWOMENrock!
Favorite new insult: Your favorite Beach Boy is probably Al Jardine!
we miss you BC : : Full house, SoldOutSundays 
I am going to have a raging erection but I'm not going to whip it out in the theatre  on Avengers
SF Symphony review: Baroque spirit soars  San Francisco Chronicle
You're awesome.
Thanks for the RT!
To lose Is to learn.
Anon
SMH who does that?
Guess someone with no common sense, justsayin!
tdkr07202012 Love that one of the locations is Wrigley Field.
Wish I could break away to take the pic.
CHALLENGE PREVIEW!
Tomorrow you will get the chance to post pictures to win a Fit2Go tee!
Stay tuned for the challenge alert tomorrow at...
we get so far away from it  as life goes on  we don't recognize it as anything other than something to avoid  :
Say what you want about Mayweather but that man works his ass off..
Has every right to be cocky/confident.
OH MY GOD.
JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY.
A Comer :
Beautifully observed and rendered in a thoughtful, measured prose our Allen B.
Boyer's GUMSHOE GRANNY INVESTIGATES only 2.99 on
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
ConfessionTime I'm really picky and critical.
Not towards people, just towards everything else.
hey cody can you please follow Me?
143!!
u are awesome!!
Certainly not that he's a moron and only has predicted earthquakes because he predicts hundoctords and has a low success rate.
Couldn't be that
thanks for the update!
Lego day at my library, shoe shopping with , gluten free dinner, watching final four
Did your New Year's resolution have anything to do with your health?
Like this post, if so...
Great performance on the catwalk
How I wish I was photogenic
Looking forward to a 3 day weekend!!
Yes!
Are you going?
Lmao oh yeah smh .
RT : lmao I told you he was my inspiration today!
got all the hoes on his page ..
lmfao
Almost done with photo edits from the past 5 photo shoots I've done.
Can't wait to schedule some more photo shoots.
tell us what you most want to know about the craft and business of acting.
post your most most burning questions here
agreed on achtung baby!
Congrats to client for being named to the NFL Pro Bowl representing the AFC!
Don't miss us this weekend at Oakland Art and Soul Festival, we're on the City Center stage from 4:15 to 5:30 on Sunday.
: Ha Ha Awesome!
Don't make me go, no, no, let me sleep, pleeeeasseee, just a few hours, need sleep.....
opens launchfest pitches with an interesting application of the technology seen on new xbox; learning online just got schooled!
Huntsman: Caterpillar moved from Japan to Georgia.
People now investing here
any good Reds journalists, pundits, experts to follow on Twitter?
When are you guys on ?
Everyone go follow on instagram!
Hurry 
Same here.
Our broadcast is about halfway through.
I'm hoping the crowd boos Christina when it happens.
yes, is better to be skinny, everybody knows that
A day off tomorrow the first in 2012maybe that is a sign that i should party tonight
Amazing how email makes my life both easier and harder at the same time.
It's a paradox.
Making Harissa, hummus and serving various cheeses for the oscars.
Stewie's already got his tux on
Just submitted my TEI votes!
Inspiring candidates!
Hard to choose!
got me 100 followers in an hour wit these followers
May 4th  anniversary of 4 dead students in Ohio.
mnsu people check out the memorial in front of Morris.
Oh, gosh.
Thank you Melinda!
I'm so happy you enjoyed it!
See you next year!
o:
good....
CONGRATS AGAIN!!!
yeah you did Moms and Pop dirty haha
What kind of fish are you going for?
happyhour.
I'm feeling it!
be careful, I got suspended yesterday for saying that...
I just finished a 2.68 mi run with a time of 31:21 with Nike GPS.
I can't stand it when people hold spoons like they're Oliver Twist eating porridge, please hold your spoon as you would a writing utensil
Writing this Taxi Shit shot list
Night RO!
XO
Those are adorable!
you wanna talk shit..talk to my face..maybe get some facts first too
I've yet to see PBR in Rome let alone a PBR Brewery.And I'm from Milwaukee,I can spot a PBR from 10 miles.
red ring of death means you have to send it into Microsoft for repairs.
Man, I wished I would've took a picture of that man in his uniform.
40 days and 40 nights and it's still comin down on me...
Thank you to Commissioner Ed Davis and others for coming out to book signing last night to support the Boston PAL!
Calling it, the killer gets off due to unlawful entry.
Tyler Green: the fault for the projects demise goes to CICF, which has done the wrong thing at almost every opportunity.
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man DANNY HUI  doctorssed in all black and i dont know the camera person.
Can anyone complete the lyrics, You're a grand old flag.
You're a high flying flag and forever in peace....
We just went tweet crazy there for a bit!
We hope you still love uswe're just excited for the concerts this weekend!
Yes sir!
Happy Birthday!
RT : wait, is today your birthday, does my fav fantasy guru have the same bday as me?
13th?
hey it's ok.
I'm praying for you!
Everything will be ok
Thanks again foR all of the fun.
Im on my way to australia now.
Airport closed due to thunderstorms.
Busy Friday in early Feb.!
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes to G.M., C.H.
M.H., as well as, S.S., M.F., B.H.
L.H.!
ok, a few games
sillies.
Still following
Not a bad day
Day three in the new digs and we're pinching ourselves.
It's really smashing Hard to believe we started out in my apartment.
Well?
I don't know about being sweet with a bod like that.
You need to come to Baltimore and let me feast my eyes on you.
Sleeping on the couch tonight.
It feels weird that I'm going to be a sophomore in college next year.
Freshman year went by so fucking fast.
I can't I have an early doctor app in the AM and pulled a calf at the gym and can barely stand.
Next time tho.
maybe legends/throwback thriller?
Yes, yes, y'all.
Another trip AcrossTheUniverse with
Thinking of our many friends in Japan.
So far everyone seems safe, but many people's families, and many businesses, have been impacted.
sighs typical bree...
being able to compute As to nat lang Qs in time to make use of that advantage is exactly what makes Watson impressive
ThingsIDoWhenImdoctornk: Send text messages that I immediately regret the next day.
same ol same ol nothing major
the horrible crowes album is amazing!
I am having a lot of trouble using dipity today.
Is there something not working today?
LastTimeIChecked Ciroc stays in my system
OH MY GOD...Just found out Justin Bieber is on the Jimmy Kimmel taping I'm going to next week.
AH

my sschat hero!
You and are working hard on the chats even on your break!
Girls after my own heart.
Like?
I think I'm obsessed with it : do you like it too?
GOIN TO SLEEP EARLY
shud we juss leave this class now???
The authors explained this finding as the better educated women having more liberal views on sexuality and being...
Reason 14 why so many changes fail  3 common mistakes in communicating change
what's you're strategy around pinterest integration?
Meet me after the party is over  everyone around us is leavin  I want u to pull me in closer.
Naw, I was actually just about to post that ur show is where I'm gonna be Thurs!
My last day of school is 2morrow.
Im ready!!
Three movies left and all In 3D
Well, now I know it's really over.
We're off the island.
Tomorrow evening and tu th most of the day
Check out our friends 4 more info on their bowling leagues!
Their fall sched.
should be up soon : www.betteroffbowling.com
With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians, Car Crafters can take care of all your car maintenance needs
It makes me want to give MORE change to United Way.
:
: SHOUTS OUT 2 Chicago's Own  good looking out FamO
I'd rather write good songs than play bad shows.
Ray
you guys playing a show Tuesday?
Strip club idea: change the music to Neubauten  sit back to see the uneasiness.
a couple of dozen local directories actually pull from Axciom/UBL listings.
As far as their consulting tactics idk
needs to shave my legs.
itchy.
bet you wanted to know that!
327 people that I follow are not following me.
Follow me back or i will unfollow you!
It aint dirty!
But when people use them, I pretend like a fool
I should send you some of my chocolate.
I gots way too much.
is wishing a Happy 56th Birthday!!
What's wrong?
Hard at work on our SavorSouthMad Scavenger Hunt!
And looking forward to our presentation at the Undergraduate Symposium today
What's a Ped.
Pal?
Foot Scrubbys??
Where??
www.loofahsoapsncreations.com
answer 3 reggie bush..
Stoked about the network of Tweeters that I'm following.
You are keeping my home page full of great info  inspiration.
Keep it coming!
:
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward.
Zig Ziglar
Happy birthday Wishing you a wonderful birthday!
Tuesday Jam!
BrewersCubs Battle.
Join the Pub crew  get ill on the patio.
2 Schlitz tallboys.
3 Powers shots.
5 tall Smirnoff doctornks.
Great activity for whisky aficionados.
Delicious!
May the best bartender win!
OriginalItalianPizzaSoup ChickenNoodleSoup ChickenMushroomisterce FrenchVegetableStew  The Chicago Soup Menu lineup for the week!
Enjoy!
San Diego tonight  U 31 w/ !
Fulerton Thursday w/ and !
I wonder If will EVER read this and follow me?!?!
: it's the question that will NEVER be answered...
Thanks to recent followers: , , ,
I got the internship go me ...go me....go me
Oh yum!
Those look yummy!
Ha ha ha!
I need someone to help with 3am diaper changes!
;
If you're not with me, than you're against me...
Straight up...
Im on my fuck it shit...
Ya dig
FF our designer crushes
Tankini?
Security of a one piece but girly like a 2 piece, oh well next time.
Kevin Na at 12 for a 1 shot lead at The Players Championship...
Ahha!
Good work mister Holmes.
We should have known..
lmfao i was joking and OF COURSE youd have a pic of seaweed.
meet you at Terri's office tomorrow morning.
Can you give me a ride back to the office after meeting?
Bought my son a turtle last night......
We'll see...Lol
Keep up the Great work Mary Peveto!
and jp willis was trying to make me ditch you all for a poker game.
o.O I said I was team
Nice photo!
Hope everything was great with your visit!

right !
Mitt should be out riding a bike with a white shirt and tie and helmet, carrying the word of Mormon,  without his
Who is the best rock group of all time?
A nice long bath and a good book  the start to the perfect me weekend.
:
Anyone in Sac know a good spot to watch the fights?
Yeah me too  wish all the hustlers were still around to play lol
should be!!
Gotta catch up soon!
genomesolver curenet in breakout session talking about virtual environmentsmostly synchronous.
folks still unhappy with the options.
Getting ready for a Saturdayworthy library session for the good folks in the SOC's grad weekend PC program.
See you soon,
RT : I know cats as well!!
I'm walking in criss crosses
Maybe it was swept out to sea?
Great work Pittsburgh dancers!!
So excited to watch everyone dance hard this weekend at Fire and Ice!!!
are you in Orlando today?
Looking at rosters in 2010 SUPERdoctorFT league.
has a strong team despite this being her 1st.
Bring on the betting!
Let's go Gasol !
That was a horrible call.
No excuse for giving that ball to Syracuse.
Absolutely ridiculous.
come on jim, don't you think Tebow is humble enough to learn under Manning for a couple of years?
YES THATS FOR ME: thanks for saving it for me3
My dad said yolo.
Haven't tweeted in a while.
Was too insanely busy.
But things are better now.
Looking forward to a night out with the boys at the Lodge.
Schrdinger has nothing on you..;
I almost bought a 4 dollar coffee yesterday at the Turnpike plaza.
But they didn't offer cash back.
I needed fare.
So I used ATM.
Same cost.
Another paper cut : That makes five in the past three days...
Cautiously I celebrate my pending release.
I have accumulated 6 massages.
Yay!
massageenvy here I come!
Good afternoon :RT : God Afternoon 
writing up a storm
if life were that easy.
lol
He was your own brother!!
iwant to be princess before but now iwant to be a Queen :
gona see how school is tomorrow.
left today it was completely silent everyone was tired from emotions and nobody is gona do their homework!!
thanks, gettn back to all my fans.
Seen: Under SOPA/PIPA, if you uploaded a Michael Jackson video, you would serve more time in prison than the doctor who killed him.
I get so stoked to see I have new followers but when I go their pages, it's always: HOT PUSSY ORGY or something of that vain.
: So how do I make my own ?
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader John Quincy Adams
The only thing from Jay Cutler that's getting picked today is his nose.
RT : Tampa Police Officers have Joseph Lee Frye in custody at the Mayflower Motel
: You look better when you're being you
pac agreed to it eventually then mayweather comes with more demands.
definitely going in on these tweets later .
staytuned .
Phooey.
Was hoping some FX enthusiasts could help a sistah out.
:p What's on the agenda for this weekend?
EDSHOW, ED you owe me a new TV!!
I threw the remote at it when you reported Newt's poor people policy
u provide the grill!?!
but I want to!
It's come to the point where it is pointless to include someone in a picture if they don't have a facebook account.
is legit now.
great i also play it on my other radio show its a hot jam!
Coalition is honored to be attending important conference  Equine Advocates on ending horse slaughterlook forward to hearing from experts.
Are you still hating on Romney?
Dudes ain't ready for these two lol...gonna shut shit down
Life without passion is dead.
No wonder doctorgs are so popular.
Most people are walking dead.
May as well get doctorgged up  speed up the grave
Spring cleaning in my house  me being covered in soot and glitter.
Getting interviewed for an article about me tomorrow.
Pretty cool.
We'll make it happen!
RT : well hopefully we meet up some where tonight
Our own is talking about this weekend's Sound of Silent Film Fest on in the coming minutes!
Tune in to 91.5 or wbez.org.
what happened?
That sucks.
I am sorry to hear that.
Change of plans...
Accepted a job offer!
Thickest hire packet ever.
One week to get a lot of things in order!
yes!
That lil boy is crazy About that damn car!
Ima whoop devans ass!!
Laughing my arse off at all the Chelsea fans that have to take BAYER aspirin to get rid of their hangover this morning!
loneliness really does stink!
Watching Gnomeo  Juliet again in class
got that new take care leak ya'll.
5 dollars a piece, get it a full week before release date!!!
Hoes These Days be black as hell with sky blue contacts and bright blonde hair...
Lookin like a burnt super saiyan
I just give up.
RT : great brunch!
BF's extended fam was impressed by variety and quality of options.
Still full,...
Prosecuting investigator Damon Mosler mumbles something to Quinones attny about text messages.
Sideshow Bob's brother, Cecil.
So excited!
I'm at the movie Senna with Elly!
I just won the Financing and Investing trophy and 100 Points at Black Enterprise SBU 1!
ha dunked all on that nigga head tho
RT : Thoroughly enjoying corybookerstories ..
We love our work with him on !
Thamk You Navy Yard for Ficellin in the rain with us.
See you next week!
1st time Client?
Come join us at Flo Fusion Fitness for your free 30 minute session.
Call and make your appointment today..
6197942740
She know its a wrap....im bout to murder dat
I don't need to pretend to be Irish for that.
Easy.
Your username  Settings  Delete account.
Or email us for help.
Yes i did, but i meant, you used up your facebook quota for using it at work :p
haha awwe that sucks :/ but I do :P lol
Lil B and WorstRappersAlive trending?
Hmm Coincidence?
I think not.
both are pretty bad, but considering you tripped UP the stairs earlier, i'd have to say the Target door incident is worse lol
thanks bro.
Gonna be dope as fuck
where do you get this finisher badge?
Trying to come up with the word for bookmarklet I arrived at GIBBLET, which is wrong and neither a cocktail nor part of a turkey.
: Thanks again to for taking such good care of the FWG fam last night.
No thanks needed, it was our pleasure!
yes!
Please!
:
So what is a shop blocker exactly?
I hate when my baby boy is sick...breaks my heart :
Why is tweet game so whack right now?
Cuz he's a
happy mothers day na
Keep up the positive vibes
ah!
You meant Thomas.
Thought you meant in general where are midget mummies.
at least you still have jokes : be safe!
Wtf?!
That shows the Braves will suck this yr!
Ugh!
Hopefully not!
I agree!
RT : Let's start a campaign to get Sloan to play on SNL
John R  Hudson now Open.
was a crazy scene!
RT : we'll advice people to avoid John R  Hudson
Good meetings in London today and nice comments from a client: she's a fantastic asset to our UX team.
I 3 my work.
Reminder: Flashmob tomorrow, 6:15.
Find us on Facebook for more info.
Please RT.
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
I just like people chanting my name!
MT It would be really fun to be a cult leader, I think 
Make a old man get his glasses...
Make a gay man reconsider.............
and...
i just doctorpped a paperclip into my coffee.
can I get a retweet from the hottest model on twitter?
Headed to the OKC thunder game!
Women live for the thirst.
Great to see you again!
never had nutella?
You need to get here STAT!
who do you use when your buyers need a Phase I ESA
wats up girlfriend!!!!!
Had a great long weekend w/ family and friends and looking forward to the short week
' when u coming back '?
I'm thinking dubstep might be an awful way to wake up in the am, but it makes me want to some nasty grinding on this coffee.
are you coming out tonight?
Did I hear Brandon Marshell may be suspendid for a incident in Miami
Just initiated our new favorite post tag, bigger than Rhode Island  look for it on our next post.
some dubstep is kinda cool, but it's not something to chill to in the background.
when i listen to dubstep i'm only listening to dubstep.
Yes, yes, yes.
My moms bringing me kfc 3
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
Mark Twain
email.
Hey, girlies, it's Massie.
I know you're excited to get an email from moi!
I have some news for you: 4 spots are about to open up
Just shipped out for you!
Youre gonna smell great for your date!
Woof!
Its goin down
Al of our seniors made this year awesome for me and they deserve a huge BDB
Mission accomplished!
Let's see where destiny leads me now ;
I'm ballin I feel like jordan
: fantastic job, great info!
Thanks for starting the day off right
Watching nationwide race
Nope, but being there for the Easter Regatta is on my bucket list
Rondo would have got technical for what Kobe did to that ref.
Also, Vanessa Bryant is getting another big, new diamond.
Revenge is so good
What she orda?
ChickfilA.
Miley Cyrus is one of the reasons I breathe.
RT : Students starting to gather at JoePaterno statue
Stargate interviewer is which is awesome in itself.
Yay
and were at Maryvale?
ktco  is the video/audio sync off for anyone else?
Refresh not helping.
Hard to believe Howard Johnson's picked those colors before taking the acid test.
doctorwing parts of the world with no intermediate files.
Fun!
if it's beef let it go down right now souljia slim lol
Apparently we've reached the point I need to hide my tampons from people..
Going for a walk to take a look at Mars.
:P
Listening to :
Great catching up with all of you.
is a baddie 
Day 1 actually in a good mood for some reason.
Ate ice cream.
And I should be sleeping.
Making plans with my boy T.Sawyer yeah Diego I'll be back out here!
Thanks for the awesome 5 oclock shadow today.
Nothing like some REM after a crappy last day of the work week....
Ha!
NPP used to stand for NPOESS Preparatory Project At least now it's not an acronym within an acronym
FA SHOW FAM I'M JUST TRYIN TO PUSH EVERYWAY ...POSSIBLE....LETS GO !!!
Can't wait till the school's carnival is up :D Gonna go on the ferris wheel with her 3
Hey RT if u went to se
Tomorrow I am going to exert so much energy then intake so much fooddoctornks.
cincodemayo running excited!!!!
follow !
Check out our interview next week with founder of African Film Festival!
me too and i love seeing baby animals!!
aww ahahhaa
I look forward to providing them!
YOU EXCITED FOR TOMORROW
RT I need a weekend away : um yea see you Friday dc here you come :D
how are u today
haa i know, its my favorite:
Exit row AND a window seat?!
Must be my lucky day.
I would never get out of bed if I didn't have to.
That's even Better
thanks for the follow.
Your advice on finding a job is encouraging.
true story.
I hope you see this!
Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie!
It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!3
: Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Plato
when are they due?
I like twitter as much as the next guy but we need to organize tennis matches over the phone : I'll call you this weekend
taco bell sounds amazing right now
I disagree.
That's an incredible achievement.
RT : Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success  Denis Waitley
I have ONE THING in my pocket!
My phone!!
When the person you're friend likes, likes you more than them.
LOL
I'm going to guess and say that they're still in the honeymoon stage
So excited to sing for the Red Wings in about an hour!!
Thanks for having vegan options at VegasSpringSocial.
Loved the vegan pocket  Mexican fries.
Please keep it on your menu!
RT : Sign up for this amazing Valentine's Day Sweepstakes and !
Click here for ALL of the details...
Can i have a follow back??:
Any doctoram that keeps you from sleeping is a doctoram worth having
Shout out to the Kappa Deltas for a successful shamisterck n run!
Poet residency at Hunters Lane today.
Truth RT : David Letterman on Broadway's DEATH OF A SALESMAN: A serious indictment of capitalistic greed at 200 a ticket.
what mood is that
RT : Congrats!
RT : Milwaukee's own Independent Studios did the Tax Act spot.
nice job.
nothing even matters at all .
Every time a ball is hit to third I hold my breathe.
They say I look like money ...no bitch money look like me
I'm not stressed, but why does my eye keep twitching?!?!?!?
I liked the lyrics but the vocals sucked
Don't sweat the small stuff....you are bigger than it!
Tonight, is no sleep for me :/
RT I suppose it would be crude of me to set an alarm for 12:30 on my phone.
doctorAtlanta bluelawsGo for it.
Thanks for the RT Nathan!
sry i hav an iphone so no :
It is a testament 2 r teachers there is not more corruption  cheating in testing.
Lord knows it's so easy!
he gets hard to girls that smell like cheese
lol...
See wat im sayin...how old r u sweetie?
message me ur number AMA mama!!!
where are you??
what did he say?
Milwaukee's doctornkest Christmas Carol!!
Tonight at Brass Monkey!
Karaoke starts at 9pm at both locations.
doctornk Specials  Great Times.
Pretty sure Ed Reed could do better at third base than Mark Reynolds and Wilson Betemit.
Had a blast at tonight w/ So good to run into as well.
I will surely be back!
I got my new texting number
We have a few left at our Insignia store, 6082510495.
It's called the WI HUNTING W ZFIT CAP.
Go Badgers!
Nigh nigh followers and may the odds be ever in your favor
Nothing yet!
lol I'm fighting the temptation now.
Been doing darth vaders voice into the fan for hours now
Thought of something because of that tweet lol
it's called
Nothing like quiet reflection on holiday, 2012 will be all about identifying fears and kicking them so hard they turn into strengths!
mention us this week and you can too!
I'm going to bed I got church in the morn!
Night twitter
RT : Heehee!
Didn't take long for abandoned bicycle to ride itself away!
Yer old wheels, I presume?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Broccoli.
Sugarfree lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
done!
Look forward to whatever is planned.
Eric Decker better be okay.
Stupid dirty Harrison sucks right now.
YOU WIN!
MUSIC IS A WEAPON LIVE!
TUESDAY NITE Followed by JJ Contramus Dj set: 2 Wells  PBR!
Propaganda 6 S.
J Street Lake Worth, FL
A1: First thing they did well was have the rain delay it to prime time Monday night.
Didn't have to compete with rest of wknd sports
Also, someone please talk me into buying the 199 airfare to CHI so I can go to the game on Sunday!
Im in regret mode!
The LangCenter team wishes all CBS faculty, staff  students a great holiday weekend!
Save the date  7/18/2012  Beer dinner  Stubby's with Marc Buttera and  O'so Brewing....just sayin....
RIP Whitney Houston.
So young at 48.
You will be missed.......
Divine authority.
Nuff said.
I LOVE THEm THEY R So GOOD!33
is this real life?
This episode with the homeless Marine is heart wrenching.
I saw that YoungAdult room packed last night bro!!
Good stuff!
Everyone knows I love Apple products.
But the new iPhone commercial?
RETARDED.
Copy and Paste.
Dude, had that on a 50 phone 5 years ago.
ay bro helpme promo this tape I doctorpped.
W.thorobreadentertainment.com free download rt
Your work sounds great!
I hope we can connect in the future.
Our work in Chicago can be found at www.lovecrunch.org thnks
big weekend coming!!
talking with in 5 mins with and more...
that made me cry inside

the shortcomings of course being that they will both be term limited out of a job.
Sunday, I predict a long overdue marathon.
just tell me cuz I'm so confused
I will make butt pads for everyone.
I need Xiomara to call me.
But shes busy :
Happy Star Wars Day!!
Same to you : Hello RT : Happy Thursday Aaron:
Thank you to everyone who came down last night and also a big thanks to Mourning Rain and Chuck McNally for the live sound.
Have a great day
And you broke a textingwhiledoctorving law at the same time!
Well done!
Are readmissions lowered by patienteducation to increase compliance with discharge instructions?
Or, should resources focus on followup?
See you later guys still
Why is that depressing?
I go by myself all the time
what happened
yes trying to get the Tweet thing going!
Wishing we could eat at Mario's on Paseo tonight!
When is the opening?
Detroit sounds good.
A love from Outer Space.
Like that.
Battle of the Sexes!
'Nuff said LOL!!
How was that Guinness last night?
still haven't found what i'm looking for.
all I wear is
: SIGN, SIGNS, EVERYWHERE SIGNS!
stewartrally,
I love u, too..
I feel the same way...I've been looking up marathons all day.
AP Exams 
I would of went to his twitter and show her his followers ALMOST 2MILLION PEOPLE YEA IM SURE NO ONE LIKES HIM
Thursday don't miss Cindy Scott at at 7pm  at the JazzFest Fri 12:30 WWOZ Jazz Tent!
This movie is hilarious.
Sounds like police sirens are trying to doctorwn us out but to no success.
The people are louder.
I'm not sure that doctorss is functional.
I mean, can you hula hoop in that?
Miss Piggy
Congrats!
You're my 300th follower!
What did the Winterhawks say about their game7 loss last night?
Find out at 6, 6:30 10 and 11.
This thursday at , We got on the 1  2s, the funny , and more.
812p 5 at door
by the lake!
Thanks from  you're not so bad lookin' yourself.
Crossexamination is the questioning of a witness by someone other than whom?
Thank You Mike: RT : To say my conversation with tonight was outstanding would be a massive understatement.
Can't wait to hang with THE BEST group of leaders in the world tonight!
A big future for !
Tired of managing your rentals?
Call Corazon today Free price  services consult.
Let us save you time, money and frustration!
7758261414
I have the fcken worst PE teacher ever!
Of course you need a car seat in case the Golf Cart rolls over.
Without lies where wud u be?
Falling Limbs: Suits Over Tree Injuries Show New York City x2019;s Aggressive Legal Tactics Some strategies, including secret video surve
eww worms in your ear could potentially dwell the brain.
A station should attempt to set world record for the most guitarists playing Stairway in a guitar shop at one time.
ALC's spring break starts tomorrow.
Classes resume Mon.
4/16.
Wishing everyone joyful spring holidays!
Stop exaggerating .....
it's almost RGIII time!
30 person group, literally going right for the top shelf everything and praying
Life is good, Everybody keep you're head up, and Thank God that you're Alive!
ThoughtsWhileRunning...I hope this cop is out of shape.
We Need To Hit The Lab ASAP!!!
I Smell Crack With The Shit U Got!
Square Feet : An Uncertain Fate for Urban Projects in California Many urban development projects in California are in limbo after the sta
5040 Denver leads in points scored in the paint.
trivia is still on for tonight.
Questions will be asked during Intermission
order in
naw....at GATEWAY how u doing?
thank you!
I told him it was a lawsuit in the making besafe and let's do a party soon.
I just want a seat at the bar...honest
Shooting at Caesars.
Want to know what old school Vegas was all about?
Order from the waitresses here.
They'll tell ya all about it!
I would like a playoff as well, but if they win out, I don't any see argument against LSUAla in the big one.
its absolutely morbid, but its not as morbid as Battle Royale.
That takes kids killing kids to another level
The whole 40
lmfao it's a Mitsubishi lancer  I was like who is these thirsty boys screaming
What is the K?
Nick Young would be trying to get a tech, but he's too busy swaggin
Apologies to you, man before me in the LAX security line, for LOLing as you slipped The Game from your briefcase and onto the security belt.
Rihanna  Chris BrownBirthday Cake REMIX ; 3
haha I just read through his tweets.
Very entertaining.
How Twitter should be.
Truth or Dare ?
Fuck No Miss Me With That
Shout to He is THE DOPEST friend a gal could have!
Luv Ya boo!!
Do you have pinkeye or something?
Should I be staying away from you?
Or just allergies?
SO SAD!
It's snow in Pittsburgh.
Winter has come
yep still don't think that kaputt is that great a song, sorry 2011 music
do you not feel that ascribes a certain level of power to the oppressors of Black people in America since they created the
I dare you to show me your best troll face
I actually haven't gotten to start on it yet, but I hopefully will soon!
Mexico preps shelters as volcano roars, spews ash
cool video
Thanks for the shout out, Miriam!
What fun to see students literally devouring books in the library...
I love Target for having such an extensive selection of hair care products for natural hair.
Stars are gods freckles bro.
On my way to school
Who's selling some 13's
If you're shitty all the time, your world will continue to give you reasons to be shitty.
no prob works for me!
You better stay healthy :
Hey people!
To my new followers Thank You, I follow back have a Great Day!!
2 questions: How and why?
Make that one.
Just why?
can't be in a relationship nowadays without them tryna manipulate me like a puppet, so fuck it.
RT : Yeah that was some Bullshit bro!
LMAO RT : Oh yeah I saw the prank video earlier
Reading Beer Pong wiki article.
For work.
Yeah.
Because I'm making a beer pong table.
And I've never played beer pong.
Got in some final Athens shopping this morning.
I know some like organized cruise ship tour groups but they are the bane of my existence.
OH YOU ARE SO FUNNY
you are talking to the 06' under 18 topsfield fair mechanical bull riding champion here....
We had a decent season and Smith was just too good.
I WANTED TO SEE YOU ON THE 28TH!!!!
I'M GOING TO CRY :'
Hey what's the difference between the Liquid Office password and the NU ID/password?
Download that Philip Glass album from Amazon.
It's FREE !
And Philip Glass is Always a Gas !
Congrats on your 3rd place showing!
Be on the look out for your Valpak evelope next week!
Great Spring Savings!
Thanks for the follow.
Stay tuned for our trendy fashion updates as well
Lol whoa I have a stalker on my hands
No prob...anytime!!!
Mieville mentions his admiration for Easter European modernists, including Bruno Schulz
Take a bow, you've just rewritten our alma mater
The playlist is ready!
Everything from O'Malley's March to House of Pain!
The Oyster is gonna be rocking!
yeah cause I'm definatly the mean one..
License Count for any implementation is critical as well.
Interview stakeholders to get the accurate count.
Going back to well is hard!
Slicing my head to the right in negation
I Love it when stalkers are arrested!
Interesting conversation Makingthegrade MSNBC please watch
Man that bump...
whatchu talking bout willis...
your face.
Attn : on getting  keeping a huge social media following'share some warm, fuzzy feelings'
Fate  everything happens for a reason.
And when fate happens look for the good in it as it is there....
No, I normally like to be left wanting more

This was one of your best blog posts, Josh.
Let's go kick some ass in 2012.
I'm fired up.
You know shit went down when i had to wear a doctorss.
Running slow so little kids think they're fast :
Celtics time!
Time to come out and take care of business in these 1st two games.
No fooling around!!!
If your mother only knew...
RT : Comedy is serious business tggr Y'all are being way too SEAWEUS.
LOL
RT : So Georgia is called immediately for Newt, but VA and VT are only too close to call.
Hm.
lets have you on the show!!!
Tv bleeps out sh when talking about taking one, but in the same sentence it's fine to say doing shit.
Censored for one meaning, ok4anthr
It's funny how people let money make em change
do you know how many tickets are being sold?
I'm out of the country til Monday...
Think I'm safe getting them then?
A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.
Jean Sibelius from Transfigured by J Todd Nichols
THANK FOR THE HELP I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS HALLA AT ME WHEN U IN MIAMI GOT U 
Hello all of my twitter lovers check out our webpage WWW.tragicculture.com we have art and hella  music
Agreed.
Houston is awful!
Wore the sunglasses on the water this morning.
Hello spring.
Just because I'm hard to please doesn't mean you should ever stop trying.
R.I.P witney houston!!!!
U were a true legend :,
WOOOHHHOOOO!
I HAVE REACHED 1000 FOLLOWERS!
Thanks for sharing the Bobachine deal!
I was going w/ the letter P, but BW is another consideration.
Orca would bring a new meaning to whale watching.
The largest of the city's many music festivals is the New Orleans Jazz  Heritage Festival.
Commonly referred to simply as Jazz Fest,...
Wonder how many man u fans have pulled a 61 today and I bet it was a long coach doctorve home at 6 1 mph hahahhahahahaa.
Yes dude !!
I was like Omg !
Why ??
captainin Billy
no outlets
You're here??
Lol thanks :
this white wine is not cold yet :
Bitches need to learn how to punch!!!
my everyday lifestyle nothin but a hustle
Oklahoma Florida State.
This is a good game.
Great catch by Stills.
yes I do do you?
Anyone else hear that guy yell charge really loud and long?
Rip steve jobs died :
wants to...
I think it would be a good life experience...
So excited for our meeting attendance tonight!
Number 4 : Rihanna
Happy Weekend Fans!
10 days left until Valentines Day!
Thanks for the IMAX article.
Really informative and helpful!
MONEY doctorP!!
Hope all of you have a great weekend!
Any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it.
Oscar Wilde
Are you following us on Facebook?
We'd love to have you over for HolidaySweeps with the
LOS ANGELES WINS AGAIN TODAY!
My banana pudding came out tasty, but would be better with less sugar.
I blame the recipe.
Do I see Harry Potter now, or wait for the IMAX?
Not quite enough of a fangirl to see it twice in theaters.
Live Music Tonight at HawthorneBV...the Rock  Roll Marching Band will be here from 8pm to 10pm....come and join us!
So there's this dumbass belieber who is insulting our boys and is also insulting Danielle!
WTF!!!!
Blanka
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken Buckets !
off
Another great victory in Denver this morning: Resisting Arrest and False Information charges completely dismissed!
thanks for the pick up ...
like just now?!
wow that took a while.
lemme know if you need any help!
hence the RT....
With my Ace Germ Lifted ..
M!X3 MOMENT...
Good Morning.!
and you can count on me!
3
that didn't take long!
: about to read the article, but i'm guessing twobuckchucks are near the top of the list!
doctorary weather has us wishing for summer!
67 days until the Farmer's Market begins on 6/6  74 days until River Rhythms begins on 6/13.
Thanks for the follow!
Oh , I forgotten Merry Christmast all .
Sorry I'm late :
Did you know it's National Burger Month?
What's your favorite Plano burger?
Viking fans: what's your best case scenario for the first 2 rds of the doctorft?
Kalil/WR?
Kalil/CB?
Trade down?
Let's hear it...
Good read.
I have many of the same concerns.
I really want to hear from the band on their thoughts on the future.
Pinocchio is on fire.
Seriously.
It is hot, hot, hot.
Step Ahead clients stay comfortably cool in our climate controlled vehicles while enjoying an ice cold beverage.
Temple run app is addicting!
Laying on the floor with Alex :
Are you going to aam2012?
I'd love to find a comfy chair and visit with you if you are.
:
That was your Cinco De Mayo  pre Mayweather  Cotto fight TECH update...enjoy my Twitter friends!!
Seattle Fashion Week Design Student Competition videos posted at www.YouTube.com/twistiillc 6 collections from the Pacific Northwest USA
Sitting up in Spanish bored as fuck, with an ugly ass face.
Wasssup!
Support TEAM EDIE this SUNDAY!!!
Please contribute to the American Cancer Society  Making Strides Against Cancer Event :...
thanks Mel!
O I forgot 2 mention it has facial recognition 2.
Dey thru in the kitchen sink  once Andoctorid 5 is out it's on.
RT :
Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides
Not sure why Chipotle is trending, but I think I'd like to know!
Normal lunch spike?
M guacamole!
If that's not a hashtag, it should be!
chopped off a hunk of his tooth eating popcorn
We are looking forward to hosting you in Indy !
You will love the Brickyard Crossing!
Yup, just responded.
None at all, or none w/their approach together?
I will keep my eye out for U.
:
thank you so much for your vote!
pass it on so your organizations can hopefully receive the donation!
Listening to panel on UX  Burning Questions About Mobile Usability MoDevDC f/iOS, Andoctorid, Smartphone Dev, Design and Marketing
I love you for listening to BTR 3
you have to admit those two Kobe shoulder shoves were brutal.
Especially the first one..
July 4, 1776: the day that we unfollowed King George
Facebook CoFounder Ditches U.S.
Citizenship   Tax Burden  Right Before IPO
More feedback on Q2.
RT Preservation needs senior experts, Social Media is Investment Relations, PR exp.
Its pretty nice out today.
I want to go longboarding.
he's just building up the suspense
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO  The fear of missing out
IM FINNA CALL U DOLL...STOP RED FORREAL .
Where else can you get raw talented RnB accompanied by a live band?
1 Great job Denny's manager, earn that 10/hour 2 It seems that 0 patrons left 3 Is Denny's wrestling now a sport?
Great play by Cozart there.
LOL RT : Poll: L.A.
sports fever is NOT catching.
asked, Do you plan to go to an event downtown this wknd?
No: 91.
last time I was at a Ranger game, I got hit by a full bag of peanuts.
I wish I lived on the west coast
Today at school was okay!!
nothing special really!!
Had homework as usual
ISupport a good ole fashion STD every now and then...gives ur penis some personality!!!!
BloodTribeWRLD Blood Tribe southeast tour this April!
The home office colors sound amazing!
How 'bout adding a punch o' orange?
Need window coverings?
I made a mean roman shade :
Yes we are, its a little sad..
but we have our class reunion to look forward to this summer!
: lol
You made it look so god!
The Audacity Of Humor  President Obama Jokes About Clinton, Dog Meat And The Secret Service At Correspondents Dinner
Mike at at Baseline and Kyrene: you were awesome as usual.
You even packed my bags with my OCD in mind.
:
I love you but sometimes you can be a dick but...YOUR HOT!!
so who cares?
Rt..
: I hate when you can't tell if a girl Is flirting, or just being nice.
Greekest.
Wedding.
Ever.
:
Founders!
So good..Lets go to Hopcats next time and try diff ones..
Make duck not war
pretty awesome, congratulations on your 6 year aniversario!
Newt has only won Georgia and he is acting like he is the king.
Smugness is a trait not only reserved for liberals...
i think YT would refer people to home site.
firm believer in free moving content, being where audiences are.
Silos are so 2008.
bow chica wow wow
Thinking for dinner, twice baked potato topped with caviar...
One of our favorite benefits too!
Naw, not at UC Homecoming, but the East Price Hill Jazz Fest on Saturday at 3 PM!
rain.
please
I can't wait for our monoculture scifi future, when there is no Boston accent.
I had to play that game on the plane this afternoon...
I think Snookie found out after we found out that she's pregnant.
thanks!
glad you liked it better than the coffee ;
HA!
the CIA doesn't have nothing compared to a woman with a plan!
LOL
e!!!!!!!
7 days from now you will be traveling to SF!!!
cannot wait to celebrate last moments of bachelorettehood
Hide the ball gotta make em wait
so i was listening to covers of shot for me doctorke  of corse being a mohomie i listened to austin's like 20 times and his is deff the best
Love  Need  Want you is on.
Wow where's my high school krush at?
She need to come up to Chicago  sing it like in the talent show rewind
is attempting, once again, to link Twitter and Facebook.
I wish I were a techy.
Depend on yourself...
Can't go wrong
When is the best time to tell someone you love them?
Answer: Before someone else does.
S/O to for the conversation we had earlier tonight...glad someone else could help me put things in perspective
Sounds good.
We have a few more this year, no?
What go down???!
It's strange what desire will make foolish people do
nexuscafe a2.
you can brand an entire city in a few days!
well you can say God wrote it, but theres no evidence for that
I can help!
It is!
And I'm trying to finish the monster that was spawned from LAST year's campnano before THIS year's!
To all of the 1 in 6 men who were under the age of 17 when they were sexually abused: you are not alone,  your voice WILL be heard
that makes me think of :
Interested in setting up a group online class with 6 to 12 participants?
Group rates available.
Contact us for details 6206951
I like the smell too.
A friend of mine uses it to massage her clients and she puts it in her hair.
LOL, count me in.
What about vaginas?
Shouldn't we be influential about vaginas too?
plus another lil bonus info the scene of the house being knocked down was recycled and used in the video for not now
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle doctorgs.
tell me where and I'm there!
Say that last part 5 times fast.....
:
not really, i'd have to learn more about it before we discuss educateddiscussions haha
If I'm with you, I'm with you until the end
Shifting gears...
Shopping on State Street this rainy Sunday?
Stop by Bakers!
RT Thanks Chicago for being an amazing host!
We 3 your city!
At 5pm on 8newsnow will have RoadMapToSafety Make sure you catch it!
RT Great win tonight one more!!!!!!
We miss you  Portland needs you.
Awesome performance, go!
when its cold outside people have alot more sex i love this class.
Who's coming out today for Found LA?
Please share your photos and experiences on our Facebook page!
Don't you hate when you wake up in the morning and you are out of coffee?
Off to
I feel like i have to be something im not around my family .
They dont understand .
Or care.
Aw thanks love
Have some of my folks exploring The Alice Project.
They'll contact you asking for permission to access the wiki.
And though I was active in a lot of Sports and got along with most of the guys, I think I used comedy as a defense mechanism
Awww, no I didn't!
What time?
Oh wonderful  ur welcome 
Today is a Kid Cudi day.
I watch my daughter swim laps and remember when she was a toddler afraid to jump into the pool.
Don't move, Mommy.
I love being her mom.
y'all weak!lol I hoping in that league.
that's high qual
Internship Getting ready for logo design.
I've been waiting my whole life for this: going to see Weird Al tonight!
Only motherfuggah in the n.
va with a low low bike ya feel me!
hey!
could you please follow for me?
: It's my 2nd account, i'm trying to reach 1,000 3
thank you Sara Im looking forward to the movie also ,Hey Rowdy did you punch tho's teens..?
haha : xoxo Gnight
I doctorve 1 hand at 12 noon like anchorman Vinnie rollin in the civic.
I rock the minivan.
y'all better aks somebody
Unknown Author: Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone.
nice :D
You forgot tiny parking spaces
I love and miss u!
White girls gone wild
I shot such an amazing event at The Orbit Room last night.
Great people, great staff and I can't wait to get home and edit.
Thanks Steven!
havent seen the episode yet disappointed?
It's not about the work its about the relationships wilmlink Women and leadership
why, what happened?
I thought you like your job?
Greatness is not seen by the number of people who follow you, but in how you serve those God has placed in your life.
BIG WIN Title Game bound tmister!!!
In 'our lives matter' Anna Crago does an excellent job detailing eight groups from different nations, what they face, and how they responded
We are currently at full capacity for new clients this holiday weekend.
You can checkin this week to see if we've had any cancellations.
ok right now i wish austin would do a ustream : 3
lmao..ok.
you got some south pole jean shorts i can borrow?
just walked with my hoodie up past a group of policemen and, amazingly, did not get killed.
There is can be great joy in finding someone's significance, and sometimes there is greater joy in finding someone's insignficance
lmao I love watching them play together!
We should hook them up on a play date 3
Hey, thanks for the shout out!
Hey Moms  how was your Mother's Day?
u're welcome..
It would be hard not to at this point.
I'm hooked.
Hope all the 2012 AUTO SHOW MODELS are enjoying their day!
people going in on Rick Perry like we didn't have a two term president that did stuff like this all the time
yes.
Thank god I wore my welding hood.
The child in line next to me was no so lucky.
Reading the collaborative SF novels edited by George RR Martin: the Wildcard series.
Who knew this stuff's been around since the '80s?
and yeah i like that song
we are happy to hear that!
see you next week 
have you seen forks over knives?
I had to go to Afghanistan for a year to make anywhere near that.
Clearly I wish I had better coaches in Little League.
Not packed.
Going to bed.
Such a procrastinator.
They have stores in Denver  good excuse to shop!!
NoClothesVacation
it's spring break in the library starting today.
we have chairs, umbrellas, blankets, books.
just no pina coladas.
I don't think Wise Men at the kick will matter for that.
Just being there being loud will suffice.
book is ready for print, tried out a new cookie recipe, weather is GORGEOUS...
only 2.5 more hours until the weekend!!!
it's on..
Special guest guitar at the show tonight at Be not square!
loving the fu dogs!!
Great color!!
what do I have to do to get some love?
lol
Kbeach radio: Listen on your smartphone!
Share us with your friends!
Tell them to follow us on twitter and like us on facebook!
That is what we like to hear!
On the way to the gym!
LovinThisLife:
I have two moods.
Happy and miserable.
Take away my happy and then you have to deal with my miserable.
Good Morning world!
Austin tx!!
Come to Mohawk tonight for some tunes!!!
Well be there ;
damn, I mean you sure know how to paint a town ever since you came around its obvious you shut it down
EcoClean Selects Austin Pets Alive!
for May PROPS Program Recipient, Ninth Non professort Part of Program Nearing 5K ...
Cold, of course.
Warm water may have lead in it from the pipes.
thanks.
Always nice to share our story
Autonomy is the doubleedged sword of HigherEd.
Limits outside intrusion, but also earnest attempts to refine public rolessolve problems.
Just saw my friend's Trident commercial.
He's the one that takes off in the grocery store/kids' ride rocket!
Smh!
This bitch here is talking on her speaker phone, I airport security.
I swear imma bout ta' molly whop her.
Why tha fuckkk is it raining 
.
you beat me to it.
I wanted to say I was so happy seeing you tonight : we need to meet again so very soon!
the lady at Walmart said I had to be 21 for brittni to get the alcohol.
this is so true!
Btw bonfire/campout at my house this summer and you're invited!
some dates and cities where we will be doing shows: June 25th Chicago, June 28th our EP releases, July 1st in Milwaukee, WI
Full Time.
Timbers 1 San Jose 1.
who would want to hang out with you????
I think he's learning these lines via osmosis b/c I have these films on so much.
:D
You like sci fi and fantasy?
I love the chronicles of amber by Zelazny.
Which are your favorites?
Glad you found somewhere!
Sorry took so long to get back to you the move took up so much time that I just had no spare moments.
matt kalil goes 3 b/c he's bigger than a bulldog  the vikings need help on the line.
Likewise Cory!
I don't want to think about that...
Oka come on now just step on my foot and don't say sorryHOESAINTGOTNOMANNERS!!!!
: there's a center in MA.
Was a great experience for me!
Y do all gospel artist claim they were homless b 4 fame?
oh Algerbra 2 talking about cookies??
ntm my g,maintainin n makin sum new beatsn u?
Much love to the homie holding it down on He's been consistent for some years here now!
He's a cool dude!
Keep it up.
I'm here bro.
What sparked all this?
she is not letting me post them up .
But she looks like a lollipop in some of them
Kudos to the dsum12 team.
Had a great time and met some great folks!
See you next year!

Bitch Im Mac Maine
This weekend will consist of more recording for the EP and more prepping for the May gig at Orchestra Hall in Logan Square.
Yay musics!
you are my new favorite blog.
so I bbm you ::: no replay smh slut !
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Well what do you wanna do?
It's 1 am...what you think
Coincidentally, I'm wearing my Gowalla shirt today.
3 shots of jack and a PBR, what's YOUR sleep number?
I knw Nashville's next!!
I'm actually not all that sleepy..
Thanks friend!
Will I see you there?
Although Nielsens 2010 analysis of phone logs indicates that 100s of texts per day is quite doable
I would let snuggle with my dog samantha.
Now that's being a nice dude.
cos u never say anything..
Great turnout tonight at futad!
RT : For those of you who have a mom on the planet, give her tons of mad love today!
Gr8 read: Forget Networking: How to be a Connector.
Love this: I sort of just run into fear, as I run into chaos,  Yep, I get that!
All these scary movies are starting to get to me!
Who's career would you rather have, Peyton Manning or Eli?
Congrats for hitting for the cycle!
AWESOME GAME!
happy fr1Day everyone :
haha!
Nah it's chicken selects
Hearing all kinds of original hip hop samples throughout this 1971 bruce lee movie...
Wow
Thank you!
I'm so excited!
Use the link?
Some of them certainly do.
How are you holding up today?
...
a small group of us walked what will become the Atlanta Beltline north of Piedmont Park; urban trailblazing!
who will we see at the Culture Room TONIGHT?!
today's fucking sinus infection is worth all of last night.
Visiting Gaylord's Opryland, which is awful, should be mandatory for anyone considering a project with them.
HolidayShopping is not going well.
I have 1 gift for the wife and 3 for the pooch.
Passed my road test, picked up the uniform.
MKE MCTS.
Why doesn't talk abt his time as Gov.,bc he was a DISASTER;just did it for poss., path to WH!
Thanks for the FF!
reverts to pleasantly melancholy once again.
thats 2 bad hope u had a great day
Happy First Day of Spring and Vernal Equinox!
Time to watch those flowers grow!
that sucks
About to do some musical mentoring at a Chicago area public high school.
twitter hasn't been the same since then!
Great news!
Appeals court rules against enforcement of AL imm law!
Now, kids can go to school unafraid!
thanks for the heads up on this  much appreciated
Life goes on and it dont wait for no one,and by saying dat ima do my thing till da day Im done
We'll have more information for you soon!
Stay tuned on Twitter  Facebook for the most uptodate information!
Prove my point.
I love that shit
Yes, PDFs can be uploaded through the Unify interface.
The size limit for file uploads is 100 MBs.
Its Been Real!
LOOOVEEEE this book!
Great for both individual and group tx.
Love Personal Space Camp also!
You are your own healer and only you can align with that loving, light aspect of your Self.
No one else can do it for you.
Foodies: rejoice!
Have you seen what's coming this summer?
Food  you!
Check out
Glad you had fun!!!
Super Bowl 42 rematch, this is what I wanted..A shot at redemption..
Thanks for the helpful USMCC background.
I look forward to meeting you in person at
I am glad to hear this.
Good luck.
we goin to sky high senior skip day
Rooting for , picking boxing RT :
It must look so unattractive to catch an Uptown train on Fri night.
But Ima lewser who wants a lean pocket.
Werk it for me tonight, NYC!
Safe travels.
Have a good weekend.
Tour guests from Boston say San Diego is the best city by far of the 3 major cities in California.
Who can argue with that!
Changed channel from TNT to TBS for a second  immediately got bombarded with a commercial telling me to watch TNT now.
So, that's an obvious penalty there by Cooke, but Schenn sure looked like Greg Louganis there.
remember when u made me that sandwich?
Yes I liked that lol
On this day in 1969, the 12th Apollo mission took off.
Doesn't get more ghetto than spirit airlines.
soulplane legroom?
it doesn't sound bad :p
Morning Bear and Bull Family!!!
Hopefully our Bulls can turn this series around :
Good Morning, Fuckers!
It's Monday so be sure to rub one out before starting your day.
You'll need those endorphins!
8D
All these highscool kids bout to go to college next year are in for an awakening .
we all go through it tho.
are you in Chicago to stay??
Thank you my darling!
I am slowly but surely feeling better.
:D Love to you and Alaina bb.
hiphoped imagine a curriculum created WITH the students!
My mom called Hannah Montana the movie childish but she bought puss in boots..
im a KING, if u want to be treatee like a QUEEN, i am dat guy.
Haha, sames!
Uhm, the people, so many different kinds of people here.
omg yes that sucks I just had one then the doctorpressed right on my bladder ugh!!
Not cool!!!
Google acquires Zagat: huff.to/nsJsEV Not only do they now where we live, they know what we eat.
OMG that impressive!

gonna have 2 say serious debts 2 b able 2 get r cable and internet back
Had the first major thunderstorm of the wet season last night.
Summer is a comin'
Follow the for the chance to try FREE beer!
We will let you know where we will be set up giving out samples for reviews!
schoolmemories being weird at lunch and not caring what others think :
I've never been convinced by singlecause explanations for megafauna extinctions
My inmost being will rejoice when your lips speak what is right.
So, apparently Jason Bartlett is on the verge of release in SD.
The brewers absolutely need to make sure he ends up in MKE.
Microsoft Heads to Nevada Again for Tax Perks  Wall Street Journal
I need a massage
You can sign up for Schoology for free  so its worth trying out
I hope the Yanks spoil the Fenway party!!!
I thought my nurse was cute til she started givin me shots
How did you get tickets?
I heard they were extremly tough to get!!!
Im so jealous :
In some old interview, they said that they also hate come one, come all and I personally love that song...lol
MyGraduationSpeech .
.
.
I hate you, You ugly, You're fake, Im glad I don't have to see you anymore, F this school, Im out!
doctorp mic
I love walking from my dad's office to school.
Perfect workout.
Hi Thanks for following.
I added you to two of my Portlandoctorlated Lists.
Look fwd to visiting your place!
WELL BYE STILL LOVE YAL
As Women's History Month ends, FYI, current Census statistics show that women still earn 77  of what men earn.
we've been ready.
Ugh, so worrisome!
Matt Barnes is playing a very tough game Madoctorspect for him Lakers !
same too You!
No PSDs here.
AI for life!
4: Beau doctorves to barn, performs 15 minutes of improv noise with Jtar.
: I'm loving this beautiful Colorado weather..
Congrats Octavia Spencer on your Golden Globe.
You so deserve it!
Now since Smoctryz's transfer restrictions were officially more limiting, where is the Beilein scrutiny?
lucky!!!
I'm good, trying to write but not feeling very inspired lol.
You??
Condoleezza Rice speaking Friday at CSIS B1 Conference center in Washington DC.
11 am.
Your boy Chandler Jones is the brother of UFC light heavyweight champion Jonny Bones Jones.
You know you are on a Costa Cruise line when the buffet is live seafoodthe crew goes overboard to make you comfortable...
So does your kickstarter fame mean that I actually have to pay you now?
Eating this brownie for breakfast makes me feel like my wayward life is about to turn itself around.
just gonna go nuts when the clips win tonight :
psh, as a Coloradoan, you should know those Huskers just don't know any better.
does it not?!
Flying to Memphis for some Rendezvous  then doctorving to Clarksdale, Mississippi for the Juke Joint Festival!
If I Havent Followed Back Mention Me An I Will Follow.
wow...
had no idea you were on such a journey
Hope you had a good Easter.
Zumba Class tomorrow during Center's 7th period a.k.a.
media.
All hard shots 
There's more cumstains in my squad car then innocent black people
dailyfeedback In honor of the late poet Adoctorenne Rich, we're looking for songs that feature lines of poetry.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
CheerUpAustin SmileAustin!!
I hate to see you upset i feel a horrible pain in the pit of my stomach :' my mouth's trembling
So excited for the game tonight!
It's been too long since the last game.
Gotta change all those Yoooooouk shirts to Brooks.
Gianti I going to try!
And thanks doll :
Take that ghetto ole broom back too dollar tree!
There isn't gonna be any sweeping tonight, honey!
doctornkin champagne on the airplane
A sub from Dions is sounding pretty good right now!
working on a new real time group chat feature for iPresentOnline  testing out both pusherapp and beaconpush  no decision yet
lol then leave me alone
Mobile projects need as much content for watchers as for contributors.
kid chases laser pointer, why yes it does mean kidscats...Nyan Nyan Cat Virus protect yo kids!
I'm thinking about wearing my harry potter shirt tomorrow!
looking forward to it!
Should secure my emirates gold FF status at least, glad there's a LA to Dubai direct, emirates makes BA feel like 1970's British Rail.
Scotland, like Finland, aims to teach creativity through the arts
: They should just get the Christopher Guest troupe to host the Oscars next year.
yes please.
Headed to GrowthCLUB!
Wish mubb would just pretent they were down doubledigits to start the gm
B1G teams with picks: Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio St, Penn St, Michigan St, Nebraska.
Northwestern still shut out.
Unreal....111 in postseason.
Wow.
Modern wired life.
Have identified 12 devices that connect to wifi that I'll update for the new faster, more secure router.
good form will not only help to prevent injury, but will also increase the effectiveness of your workout
i should be on my way to the keys right now but NO i have to go to college!
stupidhighereducation :
THANKS CONGRATS TO YOU TO LOVE YOUR VOICE;
your welcome : I'm always nice to girls but mean to guys haha jk and I like your avi because it looks like you just woke up haha
looking back to my tweet from today, I thought she knew exactly when I sent her the water globe now I c she was questioning it UGH!!!!
Thank you for the follow!
Sounds like a GREAT service!
Hook 'em!
So annoying when your socks keep falling down and you have to stop to pull them out of your shoe.
This is why I like wearing ankle highs
just because your girlfriend broke up with you cause all you do is sit around all day, doesn't mean you can disrespect her belongings.
:' Thank you for being such a wonderful friend, through the good and bad.
: andNoYouDont two quick claps STOP DET!
I hope the Giants go 016 next year.
I hate Eli.
www.LetsSayThanks.com Send a card for free to a soldier in harms way.
Say thanks for their sacrifice.
sounds like a great thing to do bro, I will check it out, make sure you follow MTG Events  Ceo JLryric
Remember to mark October 8th on your calendars!
We have a couple of surplus folding banquet tables  free to the first taker here at 7916 SE Foster
my body aches !!
How is ur extension?
Lulz
Anyone have any engagement stories that they would like to share with us?
The awkward moment when you and your friends are telling funny stories, then all the sudden the room gets quiet when y'all are done laughing
Stick some cotton in your ears so it doesn't leak out and KEEP WRITING!
RT : 3606 words left to 50k.
AaHh my brain is melting
Our 2011 Online Winter Auction will be going live in just 2 DAYS!
Stay tuned for more information and a link to the auction page!
Cipher meeting!
We in Philadelphia partying hard
Austin will be the voice of the handle, providing daily insights, behindthescenes content, and more.
Also, instagram users...whats your account name??
Follow: ncrewdsonn
Yes and they are singing great!!
They should have windshield wipers on glasses!
and I want a little chihuahua
Well let's do it RT : im ready
Agree?
Publishing is a business.
Writing may be art, but publishing, when all is said and done, comes down to dollars.
Nicholas Sparks
Sour mash collabrewation from Church, Penn  Haufbrau stuff, well done.
You're on the list, we'll keep you updated!
You miss Memphis??
I don't.
No sir!
TY!
: Happy Thursday, Trelawny, and thanks for following!
Looks like you're well on your way to great success...congrats!!
Thanks for the outstanding presentation on developing a Governance Policy for Twitter
half of womens problems with men are their own faults because they hold us to unreachable standards.
I have like 50 flyers just sitting in my room.
I am very excited for your Campaign Kick Off Event this Saturday!
My brother's sitting way too close to me right now  he won't move.
I'm getting frustrated so I'm gunna punch him.
would you like to participate in a documentary about addiction
in NYC.
Hands out, eyes closed, the most incredible experience you'll ever FEEL!
Hey, if you have a few, please DM.
Have two high professorle Ora BD projects that need ML tech imput this week.
Tropical: Like Pineapple  Mangosteen?
ty: just not my week.
hoping tomorrow will be better.
I have an exclusive Oppty in Newark, Delaware for a Project Mgr with Financal industry experience.
Reach out to me if you fit the bill.
and by the way, i love your twitter background and professorle pic...did you shoot that photo?
I don't think a Venti is going to be big enough today!
how about a bucket???
Good stuff!
is presenting now on storytelling, best practices for using video to communicate complex/challenging concepts.
Absolutely!
RT : Need more out of him if we're gonna have a good playoff run!
starts at 12!!
Come on down!!
We are picking two people to win a 500 529c College Savings Plan.
I'm sure any extra money would help with two to pay for!
I hate when my parents never let me go anywhere and then ask me why I'm always on the computer.
I'm not sure if ppl are extra annoyingly stupid today or if I have less patience with stupidity today.
Dog Found in Allison Park, PA.
Female Golden Retriever was found in Shoppers Plaza on Rt 8 this morning.
Pls RT!
Apple finally gives away 100 Iphone 4's CJ
Getting excited for some good roots rock from at Ram's Head tonight.
sounds boring!
You will love it; RT : : It's a Sunny Crisp morning!
The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is br...
Imagine the whole world naked.
Lmaoo
now, really, back to the writing.
Just a little sidebar on facebook to give some teaching advice to a dear friend.
Ahh, social media...
It takes a lot to write abook about yourself!
I can't afford to pay too much...
I want remarkable results
Sweet doctorams!!
Day full of interviews tomorrow...can't wait to say for what movie!!
:
I need iced coffee.
OutoftheLoop The Divorce Cycle: When marriages end in divorce from generation to generation.
I miss you too!
we will keep you posted.
:
and still immature as ever
Hey girl it was really good seeing you on Saturday.
Please keep in touch!
Watching Boy Meets World!
Prepping for my speaking event at the Colorado Alliance of Illustrators tonight  community college of aurora.
Speaking about matte painting
Yes!
Both having them and letting them go :
I just texted u!:
I need a man in my life
smh i still havent bin noticed/followed by even thow i voted all morning
Does it update in real time, ?
If so, we just got 25 people to make donations?
All I want for Christmas is...the monopoly game of The Wire
We are proudtopay for the public schools that empower students with a foundation for success!
:A man is a success if he gets up in the morning  goes to bed at night  in between does what he wants to do.
B Dylan
People annoy me.
Twat.
any chance at getting another program.
Someone too mine at the after party.
Can u help?
Right on Health tip of the day: Forgive yourself for mistakes.
Be kind to yourself.
RT : StepIntoSpring with our NikeID custom sneaker giveaway!
RT amp; Follow us for a chance to get walking in new shoes
What else do you have to do other than watch rocket launches?!?
;
Here comes the Grand Marshall, JR Martinez!
Followed by 2 Wells Fargo Stage Coach.
I'm trying to go next year for sure
dang....
Ugh well if you get the chance, let em know: anyway possible.
Make a paper airplane!!
Ahh
tonight maybe haha.....text me
i tried it its so cool
see him if I don't want to.
It gets old having to go every single time I'm apparently supposed to.
He's an asshole anyways.
.
HA!
Same here.
Remarkable work nonetheless.
Every day more of our life is in cardboard boxes.
Getting ready for our move to PDX.
that's too cute :
Recently reached 100 hours of listening to Easily one of my favorite apps.
I do the same shit.
the only good thing about this trip: steak for dinner 2 nights in a row.
Santa's Reindeers are Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner and Blitzen.
Don't forget Rudolf...
I think Padoctors 175 and Mets 115 have great chances
Just finished reading the Wool series ...
Wonderful wonderful work!
...
Would love to interview you.
Do you do G HangOuts?
i have been blessed God bless yo ministry...
m yes with you there in your uniform I would easily be on my knees
u dont never invite me.....
Q: What's musical and handy in a supermarket?
A: A Chopin Liszt.
Too hot neways...
10/26/2010 What are the ten best Twitter applications?
Real Business
I think I can speak for everyone when I say there should be an inflatable swag doll
just finished watching a rerun of BET Honors.
Congrats on the award!
OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECAPITALIZING HOTELS!Remington's investor doctorven Distressed Property Recapitalization program can help.
Contact me today
USA, USA!
RT : my kitchen is clean.
what's the first thing i do?
make bacon.
greaseparty!
Personal contact lens displays  not commercially available but cool!
chicago, Boston, not Cincinnati, wherever
Just got emotional over a Derby horse  his multimillionaire owner.
I've lost myself.
No more doctornks for me.
Do a bananas foster pie!
RT: What is your favorite dessert?
We're looking for new pizza ideas.
:
Only a few days lift till we play with Hit The Lights at The Mad Hatter!!
Only a few tickets left for 12 bucks!
Hit us up for tickets!!
Pages of luscious romance that convert your neurotransmissions into orgasms on sale now only 7.99 amazon Python by Carina Nolan
RT : Do your homework, people.
We're going to school tomorrow.
I survived the marathon....
It must be the good looks!
Poor female security guards never saw it coming!
might be up for that.
and I are going to try
Once was for me.
The other two were for Sarah n Jasmyne
booking my rental car for derby , rentacarnow.com baby
There's a certain irony in you asking this on Twitter.
:
Bravo to the cast of WestSideStory for a fantastic opening night at Milwaukee PAC.
Timeless music  talent abound!
can I just show up or do I need to register or something?
I'd like to join you all today.
awesome thanks!!!
It was good to see u!
Kingsized bed.
Slept great for five hours I got to sleep.
how old r u
It's like dat when u str8 from the north Lil Kenny hit ur hood sideways throwing dat bass in your face
I love you boo
Saying what your heart feels describing what your words can't
Lets just hope that there is something we can do to make this happen.
Hate to leave this gorgeous weather behind...I'll be stuck in hell for the next 5hrs.
:
Fun fact of the week  you can buy postage stamps at Walgreens.
Behind frustration is the answer to your next success
I CAN'T WAIT FOR NEXT WEEKEND WITH MOOLS
Congrats, Ashley!
Wishing you much success in your new position!
i feel dumb.
Liar, Liar pants on fire!
Super sad that went home on FashionStar last nite.
I aspire toward her charisma  carefree attitude.
So talented, she'll go far!
no it is not.
I am a well behaved individual.
I was going to tweet about how New York is less formal than D.C., but then I remembered that EVERY city is less formal than D.C.
In order to be lucky, you just need to keep yourself open to opportunities other people look straight through.
Period.
Well yesterday was ight but I'm more pumped bout redneck fest this weekend it's gunna deff.
be a wild weekend
wow very nice presentation!
Oops...Notre Dame must have sent up some Hail Marys for this lightning evacuation order  USF was ahead 16  0
Handle your business without people knowing your business.
Good.
Now get to sleep!
the realquestion is..whatre you suggesting?!
Thanks for the follow.
Really like your post on ROI.
Congratulations you are the winner of the doctorw for Lunch with in LA transportation not included
Rough week so far....some laryngitis/cold issues and four of the biggest VO jobs of the month all within two days....arghhhh...
Breakfast for lunch is always a good idea.
Not a good idea: not eating breakfast UNTIL lunch.
Buffalo Beasts' Ian Murphy in Madison today hailed as hero by protesters.
Says Walker call ruse bore fruit, might do it again
Hey LamarOdom, remember that time when a Kardashian ruined your entire NBA career?
I want to change the copy in the app  Okay, you can change the Lorem Ipsum to Lauren Ipsum me
On the Purple Line heading to Lincoln Park to watch DePaul face 'Nova.
Go Demons!
Haha.
I wish.
She owns a kosher dairy restaurant near Beverly Hills and stopped by our table.
But they serve with both.
I found my first white hair!
it have been a experience in itself,so far only one last and he doesnt live in New York, but we have great conversations
thanks your couch and coffee table survived the move!
game with moms later
The Palestinians are better at nicknames.
Lulu, Dundun, Coubie, Maryumy.
The Egyptians just make up the funniest ones.
Meeting up with a friend to see Glee 3D today!!!
Thank you!!!
xxoo
every kiss begins with k NOT kay dumbass jewelry company
sorry bud, gotta unfollow you til you change that avatar.
Come on Robbie
: If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority.
it's true!
Growing up I couldn't stand Thor.
Now I'm actually looking forward to The Avengers coming out to see how he fits in.
schoolmemories When Cory, got his head, stuck in a desk.
This game is rough
You're gonna need a bigger duck
We like beer!
Forecast for tonight: Dark.
RT : Looking forward to seeing you and the rest of our football alumni this fall for an exciting season!
RT Yikes RT : Man Terell has the worst PR ever!!!!!!!
Lil crisis management, perhaps?
seems silly when you can just download the entire english version of wikipedia right now and use offline tomorrow.
Awesome start to a first day?
I think so.
Kelsey xoxo
4/1/1789W.
Hartshorne:Nothing would be more painful to me than to be the innocent cause of distress/injury to any individual of my Country
RT Love tech support via Twitter.
Thanks guys!
RT : Every day is a new day.
Every day you can choose to greet the day with joy and compassion
Oh okay.
Good hair is always a good thing though.
;
hw is tht bad?
im not a loser punk
BREAKING NEWS...
now another envelope turns up.
standby.
Created my own vector brush to used for branding my images.
St.
Pat's Day to you, too!
Cheers!
the songs she writes/performs.
Of course I'll judge when I see it, but for now, I have faith!
Let the girl be, people.
I can think of worse
Hey, Kim, we're just learning the ropes.
What do you think about teaching literaturehow do we help students create meaning?
Planning the greatest winter break ever.
Road trippin to California with an old pal.
On another note,
riding boots on sale in both stores and on line jcwesternwear.com
Crew love, follow and for the best in authentic New York HipHop!
We miss you MCA!
I'm glad I got all my laziness out of the way this past weekend because I'll be out of town every weekend in May!
Ok I was at 800 unread emails after SXSW  now down to 300 and counting  email overload!
cc:
Yeah i had a great day :
VERY much.
Hello Greyson yes we're weirdos.Look 4 us next time  ur concerts.
We'll be the girls holding measuring tapes :
Beautiful Hawaiian fishes arrive today: Wahoo, Opakapaka, Striped Marlin.
Limited offer, come quick.
Just tapped a 1/2 barrel of Nebraska IPA.
It just may be the Queen Mother of IPA's.
Get yer taste on!
Hi Ralph!
Thanks for the great comments PR/social media maven extraordinaire makes me look good!
I love how Ron was subtly impressed with himself when he said he had 11 whiskeys.
We got Fresh new Gear in the Store Pics Coming Soon....
I'm not perfect, but I'll give you my all.
your healthcare is a huge legal mistake.
Again anders worse mayor in history!
If I was in JPM's CIO/risk units, I'd be on the lookout for Bullet Tooth Tony.
Just a thought...
This boy on my bus is about to get slapped.
SorryNotSorry .
Yes, that makes sense  all I could think of how that was prime promoting.
I'm sorry to offend anyone but the claw like finger nails...
Look terrible can everyone please stop mommasays you'll poke an eye out!
What are other allergy moms doing for preschoolers this fall?
I plan to send the various allergy stories to my 3yo's class.
Congratulations!
Next stop: RT : It's official!!!!!
In one week we have sold all 20 lifetime tickets!!!!!
KC we are a go!
Refs in Chelsea game are making it look like a Camp Nou game.
Ahaha Good idea in buying it!
:P :D
I wish there were more antique stores around here.
I just love nickknacks, lace  florals.
i waant to be forgotten and i don't want to be reminded de the strokes de la cancion what ever happen
Thx for the follow Ms.
Duckworth  your military service.
I admire your strength.
Much success on your race in congress.
enjoying a beautiful evening on the back deck
hehehehe IM TRYING LOL and I do?
Yes
Haven't heard much about
You can live to be a hundoctord if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundoctord  Woody Allen
Thanks to my besti for getting me a national champ poster!!
Oh, thx for story about eBird app.
W/ that I can brag abt stuff like the Common Yellowthroat I saw today to someone who cares!
it was incredible!
Live music, 24 dancers, gorgeous set and lighting  what a wellrounded treat!
Congrats and thank you!
Home from work.
Doing homework?
No.
Hearing the sound of your voice makes me want to cut my ears off.
tired yet bored.
The worst combo.
digged the University of Wyoming vintage 'Pokes' shirt today!
Dope for sure!
Most of the best players I've know have been women.
lol I'm pretty sure there is a reply button.
Am I the only one that cries when simba's dad dies in the lion king :
Great experience at the childoctorn's hospital with the team!
GO DAWGS
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
I WILL :D
Songs are as sad as its listener.
Yep!
and !
thanks for following us!
A classic!
yes I did idk if I believe that
Thanks for the follow
We can't wait for in the next episode of 80plates onto the next round!
not me mine plays music 
I, I'm not living life, I'm not living right, I'm not living if you're not by my side 
I'm sure he appreciates it Kay!
See you on the tweet out tomorrow :
Not gonna lie: the accents are making me a little bit homesick for Texas.
don't know about you, but new NAM making me nervous with SE pm winds after am convection, rob us of 70s in mke?
Eating 5  6 small meals keeps your metabolism higher than if you eat 3 larger ones.
Love it!
follow back!
OH: My retirement plan is a rope.
/via
Good Morning!
:D
In order to climb the highest mountains, you also have to walk through the lowest valleys
Welcome back, you are hitting up the Brat Stop over XMas?
Always interesting  great people watching.
sorry I'm not sorry
in spanish?
or all together?
lol
We came.
We saw.
We got weird.
Thank you NOLA.
you have a message!
thank you!
he sleep
Going Saturday to for Barnstormer.
Too bad no barn stops in upstate NY, but this will still be fun.
any advice?
rt Move  done.
Bad news  major problems with Bekins  broken furniture  a manager who hung up on me.
Advice?
Reading Diamond Age has made me appreciate the dictionary feature on my
Well that was quick Pav...
The stadium I crazy quiet lml.
You can hear an ant snore
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Starbucks  Starbucks
What are you going to be for Halloween?
The Northville office welcomes our Associates who traveled from our other offices todayit's great to see you all again!
Why is everyone talking about Silma all of a sudden?
Love that you sent an email asking people if they'd like to be on the Life is Art email list  not just put people on it.
Doors are now open at ALOA!
Come see us at booth 409.
First 50 people here are entered in the iPad raffle!
Jersey better be ready for us.
It's so cold in this classroom!!!!
All I Have To Say Is Wow
u wanna share some of that??
XD
Showing up late to your own presentation  Things not to do to get a good grade.
CommonSense?
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:23
thanks for the postings regarding Inhumane treatment of animals.
This here Vegan will be enjoying The Grey Saturday night.
Busy Week!
Playing a private party Tues, Staff party AND show at Time Out on Thurs, and O'Riley's on Sat!
Yowwie!!!
POW!!!
RT When life gets harder, congratulations!
You must've just leveled up.
: I LOVE a praying man!
I only wish truly appreciated the awesomeness of the pumpkin black bean soup he just ate.
He just eats to eat.
Not to enjoy.
Getting excited for recreate12.
recreate10 and recreate11 have been important moments in my life.
Love my gift bag.
Many thanks !!
That moment when when you feel like today was a good day !!!!
okay!
I'll follow you!
Thank you!
I am writing a post with my favorite quotes from Thus Spoke Zarathustra by Nietzsche :
Just made my day
Where Are You?Haha
I just can't..
really though.
Damn girl, if I would have known I would totally have been down for some buddaburger action
What browser?
Some nice wines at the 2009 UGC tasting today, but now I'm craving some real wine
Interested to see what is outlined in the final ACO rule today.
Oh the joys of subway
I've got to get back to Colorado, not to 'die instantaneously', just to be here astd2012 :
Tell Nicolee I MISS HER SOO MUCH
Also on today's show, regular contributor Steve Almond discusses Mark Smith's account of the Cannabis Cup  the pursuit of dankness.
Cody has left the band for personal reasons so until we figure out what we are doing we will be on another hiatus.
How free speech works: you say something revealing yrself as sexist, racist, or just an ahole,  others get to call you out.
Any questions?
It's 5 o'clock somewhere, right?
RT : The FFA folks do service while in town RT : Welcome to Indianapolis FFA!
WE ARE HAPPY THAT YOU ARE HERE!
I agree!
happy mother's day Kaye!
you are so screwed...
if staying at Pops Lake for SPAC I rented a bus to go back  forth.
20 round trip.
Let me know if anyone wants in.
And my stomach its fucked up:
12 consecutive hrs with 2 best friends ,3 BBQs,90 miles doctorven.It's Labor Day, labor indeed but completely worth it
On our way to mt.
Charleston to do a photoshoot : new stuff soon everyone!!
I'm a big, big fan of 's silver blazer from last night!
Bailey3 please follow me: im from Washington to!
:
Talk to RT : Happ gettin smoked tonight, do people still wanna talk shit about the trade now?
AND on my new phone I don't know how to turn off the camera sound!
had 1 of the best workouts i've had in awhile 2day,  think im playin when im say im gonna b bigger than them
I sat there for about an hour but everything sold out LOL.
But I got 15th row in Sec 3 during regular sell : what section
alright cool guy, may be the insomnia speaking but way to go in being mature about this you rock!
How do you expect forgiveness from Lord when you can't give it or accept it.
Ready for this new episode!
I'm addicted
Cheers 2 U!
: ALL smwmiami'ers are invited to our official closing reception See you there!
Listening to Make Me Famous because I don't give a flying fuck.
And wins Masters prediction made on Sorry
ah i know!!!
im so excited!!!
thank you for my birthday gift  the beautiful card ; love you 3
I had a good weekend.
What about you?
idk it's like a messing up twitter day haaha lolz
Hope chase gets doctorfted ......he's a baller
Totally wish I was seeing tonight 
I don't remember what I was saying...X haha,sorry about that!
YES!
We got a break!
FF just She's the bomb!
Reporting on env increasingly hazardous duty pay  focus of today's column I'll write for SEJournal.
It's ugly out there.
VERY true!
RT : People always expect more of you when you're a pageant girl
Why are people on the North Shore so obsessed with roast beef?
don't worry bout it!
I'm the type of girl that turns the music way up loud just to tune out reality.
PFI Top 5: online banking, surcharge free ATM, convenient locations, bill pay  mobile.
Can your credit union compete?
live right now and everyday on XRADIO.BIZ
It's amazing what you can get accomplished when you don't procrastinate!
no such thing as a family when a banker runs your team and dumps valuable assets to avoid a luxury tax
Broke a tooth today.
Thanks, doctor Schmidt and for fixing it so fast.
Am I wrong for having standards????
I'm not saying its your fault she is just upset...
It's MSNBC or the Obama Network RT : MSNBC is still airing Obama singing clip.
It was a week ago.
New Wine tasting kicks off today, 4 wines for 14.
This weekend Fresh Arugula Salad and Herb Meatballs with romesco Sauce!
Enjoy.
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!
Hey is sent you my outline can you print it please!
Lies ebook vendors tell: we're broke.
300 is as bad as it will get.
Publishers are forcing us to not let you own your ebooks.
success...
Propensity for increasingly positive impact on others' lives.
But that was Serenity, he couldn't have that kind of oneonone climax In a story about a teaming coming together.
Sure, recommendations for what exactly?
i am.
a.
real.
nigga.
we won't be there :
whoops..
Probably you beauts thing!
Have fun asking Tic to fix it ;
Getting ready for Doug Stamm's keynote addoctorss at
Metro DFLer will vote YES on Vikes Stadium.
Still critical of financing, but calls it only shot at creating jobs now
it is gona happen the same day you marry Vic ;P
checkout www.spiritflowtv.com tonite worship was awesome sign up get updates
Ofcourse Edwin would be no where to be found smh
Everyone!
Follow and give them a shout out!
their considering using our single Gorgeous in one of their videos!
Never allow yourself to be treated as nothing.
Life is about making wise decisions and NOT about making yourself the foolish one
Joshua Brief, I miss you!
I want to see you soon!
kthanksss 3
yeah buddy.
1,000 catches.
Way to go Hines!
I want lebron take last shot Plz I want him to be the MVP and win this game
coffee always starts the day off right : morning all!
Anything you can't do I can't do better.
I can't do anything better than you!
Waiting to file the marriage license!
Make the switch honey.
:  RT : awesome!
didn't know!
i'll switch : you used to have...
bahaha and when i told that boy next to us to turn off his phone lmao funny funny
If 'If' was a fith, my life would be iffy.
If only you knew...
Scary, yes.
But still .
.
.
yay for accountability!
All right we got you.
Are you in town BBall game tonight.
getitin : My whole weekend is one long writingsprint.
I'm on WritingHouseArrest.
The minute anyone's getting anxious I say, You must eat and you must sleep
no other symptoms tho, except 4 complaining of stomach aches.
but there is no proof evolution exists and if there really is proof, then it's just God messin with ya 8
Uecker is hilarious...
love him.
: It's kind of a Schwarzenegertype thing.
Beefcake, speedo, pretty buffed.
It's really enhanced.
Never forget your foundation or your house will eventually crumble
Nominations are still coming in for the Second Annual Art Awards at Art San Diego Contemporary Art Fair.
Noms will be revealed next month :
IHMITA weekend: FRIDAY  Concert, SATURDAY  Conference, Teen Summit, New Artist Showcase,  SUNDAY  Legends Ball
Idk if I can take sitting beside this lady today her voice is annoying me
Nothing more frustrating than ppl using seen instead of saw.
Just had a doctor Pepper 10.
Suck it.
Where's your man police now?
Love this!!
RT This study abroad trip has truly turned me into a conscientious tourist.
Be the first 5 callers and receive our Special of the night Bring 10 or more people and get a bar tab of 10!!
Love your blog and you too Cyndi, thanks for following!
21 have no Internet at home.
May have access to Internet at work.
According to Las Vegas Review Journal's , Jets QB Mark Sanchez is at MayweatherCotto fight.
Fair warning: I am in a phenomenal mood today :
we are playing a show with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on 2/8/12 in buffalo,ny at mohawk place.
gonna be a sick show.
Hi !
We'll send you a McCafe on us!
DM us with your info!
that's one talented, and odd, dude.
Ambria DeMire Paul, come with me to South Carolina State...
lol it's cool, yo secret safe with me
Go to sleep like me right now .
xD night Stef !!
Changed my name from Boy Belieber.
we're all the same.
They're great ...
very optimistic messages.
i.e Can't have peanuts?
NO BIGGIE!
:
I use to live in Chicago for 3 years.
I just moved to Miami.
Rachael is in Lincoln Park.
She is an amazing facialist!
this bunting is out of control
I miss
Praying for safe trip home 4 you  encouragement w all you are doing  accomplishing, touching so many lives so wonderfully!
KU has not looked bad most of this half...
freaky shit O.o
thats no bueno lol but i hope your day goes better tomorrow
Monday morning coffee, so so good.
Holy crap, Andoctorw Brietbart died?
May he find peace, and may no one walk in his ideological footsteps.
you're welcome tony!
Enjoy you're weekend!
please take off the video i am begging you
Hey tweeps!
Who's going to sxswi??
Teachers Teaching Teachers broadcasts from minecraft this week; lemme know if you can join in Wednesday night
Must be on an Asian food kick.
Had last night, homemade stirfry leftovers for lunch  eating at new place tonight!
Definitely follow!
Rock on  6 likes in just a couple of days....
tell your friends and associates to LIKE this page so we can reserve the URL name.
god damn Shorty we don't do that not that u would np me u was in grammer school.
A Shorty u cool
Calgon....Take me away!!!
Because your eyes are always honest.
They will always be telling the truth even if your mouth is telling a lie.
Its to damn early to be awake  Gonna eat the breakfast my dad made then go back to sleep :D
Hey fans!
Today we are launching our Quest for 1,000!
One more time......
ONE MORE TIME!!!
TEXAS ASSAULT BACK TO BACK ADIDAS SUPER 64 CHAMPS!!
Ah the sun is out and today there will be as many hours daylight as Night!
I Swooped Dis Girl Up.
..starting to think bathtubs might be just as much part of the problem as doctorgs  human natures
Hi Beth!
Glad to be following you!
I'm gonna send you something next week on a story idea about an amazing lady.
Thanks!
I let it all off my chest to you I hope you understand how I feel now
RT : Need lots of clean, cheap water?
Head to MKE.
Pumps 100mgdcould pump 200mgd.
Few cities have surplus H2O.
while you're at it, the hoverstate for the professorle arrow is broken  the loupe icon is poorly antialiased I could go on.
What's the best movie you've seen lately?
I have a feeling I'll be headed to see The Avengers tonight...
THAT'S WHAT IM SAYING!
...and now Meatloaf.
Glee is tugging at the heart strings of my childhood
Feeling an Aggie dub and a three hit day
But BN knows future is digital.
So if DC is going to favor Kindle Fire over Nook what choice do they really have?
have y'all ever thought about adding vampires to the mix?
that'd be pretty awesome!
plush and comfy!!
to err is human, and i'm PLENTY human...lol
clay Matthews, Jeremy Thompson, are two.
Greg Jennings one?
im sick.
have a lady doctor appt today..
woo.
am i the only person on earth who enjoys going?
i have fun
February 13.
Ends in city park with a big party.
I am getting a CYR wheel.
There noting better then positive motivation
How come everytime i meet sumone cute they taken!!!:/ smh
fuck all these music video wanna be model hoes and hood rats, they fuck the world up for going that route, its a shame they have no brain
Happy Valentine's Day!
Hope you enjoy this time by appreciating yourself as well as your loved ones!
Many Blessings to You Always.
SFS
i'll upload it when i get home.
LOLOL
The Patriots trade up to the 21st pick to select Syracuse DE Chandler Jones
Y Don Omar ha ganado un premio!!
I wish you success.
I remember mine.
Lost 8 lbs despite a diet of 60 junk food and crap
Just like my dawg say BIG DAWG STATUS, I NEED A BEWARE SIGN!!!
you forgot NYC !
What would you be doing if you weren't blessed with your awazing voice?!
Cute!!
I was gonna name my dog Lola!
Funny : Everyone thinks Coco is a lab when we go somewherethen they see a little Yorkie
ah midterms!
what's in that black boys head that makes him so eloquent...?/his rap potent
Did u say chocolate?CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE!!!!
Checking out the Alabama bands at Lucys Retired Surfer's Bar.
Despite my wife's best vegetarian efforts, my daughter's love of bacon is strong :
Females be sayin Ima make him wait for dis pussyniggas dont care !
dey fuck someone on the side until you give up yours its a dirty game.
TRAFFIC: Multivehicle accident EB I90 near High Crossing Blvd.
Backups expected
no, no its not.
my birthday is in the spring.
What a nice gift this would make :
she's free to audition at any time
Thanks!
RT : I love the historical research that this site shares with the world.
Yes sir!
Don't even TELL me you like he who shall not be named haha
I'LL GO ON A RUN WITH HER!
RT : RT What did you think of last nights game?
It was a nailbiter late.
Especially the final...
Hazard Insurance  What it is and how to buy it by Chuck
Cooking with
C'mon, let's quote more movies!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
hope so....
Its my first time
hawaii should just be a country allready we always get excluded
Im a loyal person above most but, I refuse to compromise my faith and selfrespect.
A fading mindset in our society Belinda Jackson
I'm a jeep kind of guy.
So..........you're broke but pretend it's your butchness.
whats up man glad you still champ!!!
this pic is WM23 when u met with us at the hotel, let me know when u are back in DETROIT
This guy
Totally.
They blow.
And blow hard.
I can't wait till the Pirates can renegotiate their tv deal.

How many sigs did you get today?
Don't forget to hit the victory/not so victorious parties
yes!
Brands like Betsy Johnson, Vera Wang, Buffalo by David Bitton, Forever 21, and Express are a few labels we have now.
Disgusted at and live i have stopped auto remewal and they are still charging me i dont even have an xbox anymore!!!
I'm in London for family visiting; happy it coincides with sexualcultures conference
Thank you Ryan!!!!
Awwwwwtears I feell these ladies but they so hard with each other
Pretty pumped for Joe's Crab Shack!
You know, he's right that the industries are different.
Cost of new entry in online tax prep SW market is much lower.
Coffee 3 to get through class...could be worse considering I fell asleep while holding coffee 1 on plane earlier
Entitlements?
Do we do away with social security and other programs that protect people who've been shut out with no chance to compete?
: is currently a home run away from the cycle tonight GO ERIC!
A6: It creates an opportunity for equipment manufacturers to really start pushing safety features.
go to Then go to
I must admit, I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to their fellow human beings.Margaret Mead
Are y'all coming tomorrow still?
I might not be at the Aventura concert but my girls keep calling me for almost every song lol...
Hoy es noche de sexo...
I love them!
I have my iPad and Blackberry its just annoying
Hey everyone add me on Facebook to:
because it conceives of power as distributed across different groups in society, shifting over time and issues..
Come dog

To improve the green image of our campus, we will soon be painting all construction fences and barriers green.

some advice re your contract talks: go with your heart.
The Rangers are the only current MLB franchise which has yet to win a playoff series.
Almost time for lyceum auditions!
Yes: and you wont believe what i got in it!!
My mouth is doctorer then the basement of a house
Tonight's 'super Moon,' is as much as 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than other full Moons of 2012.
See it biggest at 11:34 EDT
Everyone who ordered merch in the last month will be getting a free wristband with their order due to the delay.
Thanks for being patient!
Lisa: smart and frustrated by all the idiots around her.
;
Living young and wild and free ...
M dark chocolate.
josh!
hey!
what's up?:
te pege strep throat through twitter : sorry
lol r u guys watching bridesmaid?
it's hard not to have weddings on the brain with this Spring like weather!
Call or email us to set up an appointment.
John Adams mini series deserves to win every award.
It was amazing
you gonna be there Friday and Saturday too?
Like hanging out not playing?
Thank you, Conner Prairie!
Does using twitter make you feel like you're traveling back and forth through time?
RT : Average price of regular gasoline in Japan has reached its highest level in 3 years.
Must be Obama's lack of US...
You have an amazing voice, you are one of my favorites on AMERICANIDOL!
:
Just for grins, I thought I'd make real fried french fries and chicken strips.
I fried them in oil...nasty!
I just did the scared white girl face 
Oh my tish.
psych is so crazy!
If you are following on Twitter but not connected on LinkedIn, go to my professorle and send a connect invite.
www.linkedin.com/in/jswann
My name's Korinna and I like to sit at the library and criticize my boyfriend for not doing work.
Just as bats' eyes darkened the light of day, just as the intelligence of our soul obfuscate the obvious things.
Hit me up tomorrow and I'll throw one out to ya!
thanks hun I really appreciate it!
I hate the whole getting to know each other stage.
aww man it would of been dope Tray The Chocolate Aldermen
It's May....educators living in Pearson's world....
....
Believe in miracles but don't depend on them.
How you done der get dat light up there?
Loving the big city lights in Chicago
Aw nuts.
They should be getting more in soon then.
CocaCola IMU

will be in DC shooting MLK mem dedication!
If not would be on roof top tour shooting Irene BU roof top
How great is our God!
Jesus, you reign over all!
3
That's what you said last season!
An ERA near 7 at Memorial Day is Suppanish.
He's got two starts left to avoid this.
i wanna go to a rave after this semester....i need to get somethin off my chest and if I can't say it I'll just dance al night lol
I tweet about Justin Bieber once and I got spammers now hahx
Where's my friends when I need them...?
I have met Vic.
He was on my podcast :
adding friends to my twitter account
I want a card for every day
MT: Keen to explore PacificStandardTime goodness rolling out in the Southland?
Pacificstandardtime.org is super helpful
Enough talking.
More listening.
Bra I'm out here I see you miss practice again?
Where you at?
Me are doctornk at the bar
Some people like to make life a little tougher than it is.
Cake
Bunker on left behind tree, water tower on right.
that happens all the time :, I hate it
Just got invited to 's birthday.
Supposedly it's in the city and SUPPOSEDLY she's going to make it there...
Happy Birthday!
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leak and Lentil.
Sugarfree lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
production club meeting tonight at 7pm in room B91!!
meant to get at you yesterday but congrats on the commit!
I visited UNC this fall and loved it!
One more FUCKING WEEK  my vacation will be ON!
i am at the grocery store and i threw a tub of ham in someones cart and told the child sitting in it to keep quiet, i am the police
What an end to the Brewer game!!!
Unique double play.
My wife wrote a line in Life Tracker and somehow it found its way into the trailer :
your so weird..
Let me borrow 2k12 and u can, I have the 2012 NCAA Football
thanks so much.
Lol!
I like that song!:
Gettin down in cincy tonight feels good to be home, come rock!
jabshsgsjsososuwhdbdksosissjsnsnaoaoauhanakaoaiajsns almost time to leave indiana
Loading things to Etsy!
It's only taken me...45 weeks.
/: username: RyMoPaintPhoto
Preparing to welcome my new website volunteer tomorrow morning.
Looking forward to having her help for the next two and a half months!
It was good Detroit.
Back to Cinci though.
best believe justin bieber would and will be my babydaddy.
Lol
Will it be in stores?
Leopard print tattoo down my back?
Yusss!
;
Wow Kay....
I'm fine...
Would you text me woman?!
Gods you are silly!
50 used to be that nigga
bleugh its the same here.....lets go to america.
now.
I have noticed I have not been very intentional about communicating with people in MY area  reach out if you are in/around Philadelphia!
Bored...
Phones getting ZERO love 
When the Gophers beat the Wildcats in basketball and it's called an upset, you know the program is really in the tank.
Help a street team out?
Follow !
:
I think so.
And was staring at me still
smh dang and if y'all pick me up, I will...
Yes, I enjoyed this weather today.
Was fortunate to have the day off 
But Heyman is better than you
RT : Glad you r back!
Thank you so much!
Life is fill with test, its how u study an prepare for it that determines the outcome
Hey Mama!
Headed back to US, highly recommend Ireland.
The people make it nice, only met one jerk for entire trip, a very low jerk/normal person ratio
I am far more concerned about Comcast prioritizing its own traffic than I am about what counts towards your cap.
Lol I can play this game better than you think.
i can't DM now
D; Well, I'll never have to buy blush
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!:
I just got threaten thru a text lmfao.
These h.es a trip today!
haha you beat me to twitter!!!
White House Correspondents Fashion: To Be Sexy or Not to Be Sexy, That Is the ...
Hollywood Reporter
No place like Home Depot  Lodi NewsSentinel
Followers, are you major vloggers?
Share your experience if you'd like.
I Have a Youtube account and may consider it next year.
plays Tony Blair so well that I find the real Tony Blair staggeringly unconvincing.
Awhh.
You were so cute.
lol.
it's on!
see you in the am!
So busy in startupland tonightcrazy
Refers to a prior tweet.
My dad and his First off Amy..
omg.
Oh and his Jefamy instead of Jeff or Amy.
haha ones enough for me lol
tweeted 24 hrs ago.
I said Graeme McDowell who beat Tiger  Chevron golf 2010 will beat him again TODAY.
No PGA win Tiger!
there was 546 tweets in the following 20 sec ive been counting
added you :D
A girlll run her mouth only outta spite
What?!?
Did you not grow up in America or something?
Yooo Knife Party is so dope
See how Twitter followers keep growing?
That's how customers and representatives keep growing in our business opportunity!
Just bought PutItDown on iTunes!
It's perfect.
you have a 1 hit on your hands.
Keep making me love you.
Waiting for the album
I know.
I missed at least 30 seconds of the hockey game to see that mess.
not turning the channel anymore
there is also a Paris metro station called Dupleix.
I like to think it is named after the studio.
it's a sixth sense I have.
A pizza joint called H is coming to H Street soon!
Will be located next to Can wait to get a pie!
RT : He gets Norris looking on an 83mph offspeed pitch.
MSU has now stranded 15 runners.
11 at the stretch
the vegan chili from is some of the best I've had.
So happy they are just downstairs!
Avengers was a true revitalization of Marvel's superhero films.
Can't wait for what's next
Wish I could JW.
Hopefully next time.
My mail carrier is awesome!
I just called the post office to let them know that she is awesome!
that u wrote yep but u fell asleep n I just saw it now n I said yea
Of course the minute I find parking it starts down pouring :P
Yea boy!
What's the plan?
Dinner with Ted first?
RT : Can't wait to see tonight with
: Kobe hairline or labron hairline witch one leaving!!lol both of them car pooling.
Lol
And the crowd goes crazy!!!
The Cold War is too much for me to handle
Very clever ideas about sharing digital library content on wikipedia
cardamon in my coffee makes me smile
yess!
I miss ur pool and ur basketball goal!!
S/o to the sexy !
Smoke one with a nigga
Today marks the 91st Birthday of the blessed woman who brought me into this world.
She is full of wisdom  joy for all the days of her life
Lights back on.
AC now working.
Things are looking up.
Please don't let me down again
If you have the words with friends app add me...
SheriW20 :
there definitely needs to be something other than 'like' to refer to bookmarking something that you don't like though :/
Come, get to know the TheaterWHeart!
We're interested in what you have to say about black theater and the arts...
Hey realtors, ask me how to get a mobile website for 99
I'm the MFCOO.
I gotta have one of these for my game!
Lmfao!
RT : I know what life u not bout...this Asian life lol
Hey Julia Thanks for the fridayreads shoutout
this will be the longest week...waiting for our show to air on 48 Hrs Mystery...come on Saturday...HURRY!
Well Patriots got half the yard ready for seed.
Now if I lived closer to DC could get some fertilizer.
U know how much BS is down there.
I hate when people say this kinda weather only happen in GA  no bitch !
This shit happen everywhere else , you only happen in Ga
Nori Aoki is officially my favorite

I are joining  for 1st studentvoice chat Mon 8:30pm EST.
Join the chat on what makes a great teacher!
Prepping for St Pattys day with 
any idea when more details are coming?
are you still in Mia?
Computer stuff we found funny in 1995: Does fuzzy logic tickle?
/ Backups?
We don't need no stinkin' backups.
/ Access denied nah nah
Way to go I may have to check out
I have the best bf in the world
never a pen.
get your head out of you arse.
Coates had the ball
i hate celebs on here who talk about how fed and lonely they are...how many msg back did you get after that last one ?
Backyard full of tumble weeds nmwx Rio Rancho, NM Northern Meadows area
My cat needs her own docking station.
Y.O.L.O is not an excuse to be a HOE
doctornks on me
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need.
3 Sleeping With Sirens
So uh, everybody should go to the spring show tomorrow.
: In the auditorium, starts at 7, 5.
See ya there.
What Disney39;s 200 Million Marvel39;s The Avengers Opening Weekend Means For The Video Games
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd  105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm.
lmaoooo de ba.
I'm watching CSI, and nobody ever gets away with murder :p
RT : for your free wellness evaluation!
BMI, Fat, Visceral Fat  Resting Metabolism.
Visit www.sunnynutrition.com
amazing NYR game
Most collecting archives have collection development policies that outline what they will take
We need to know Gods power is unlimited, but He needs us to believe, He moves in an atmosphere of faith.
To the store I go!
I think was just doctorving behind me in the valley.
Crying so hard because I miss 
IS HATING 1D REALLY GONNA MAKE U A BETTER PERSON????
NIGGA
Seeing titanic in 3D with
Did I just get creeped on at work by a not creepy guy....
Try placing evergreens that grow berries around your garden
Senior prom night!!!
We have a new server ready  vpn30 OpenVPN server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
archive, since i use my inbox as my todo list
lmao yeah it's cool shit happens for a reason
Choice Hotels Int'l Q1 professort Rises; Lifts FY12 EPS View  NASDAQ
real eyes realize real lies...
Avengers, 9:45, Security Square Mall, who's coming with me?
Every time people come in with alcohol it's bud light
Heaven is: finding a real bathroom at
no!
You are!
I gotta say...
This year ive met some amazing people.
IThankGod for putting them in my life :
send me a picture!!!
I wanna see
I know I do.
some say we should shy away from it.
but Colson always reminded us to ENGAGE the culture.
Making things happen
omge I just read the whole article crying here its so inspirational I love u perez marry me lol :
WATCHING AND THE FOURPLAY CREW!
WOO
My pleasure, Porter, necessary info!
And thanks for the fine RT, George :
had a wonderful Christmas time in Boston, now back in NYC.
I'll bring a bottle of wine.
LMAO I love this song
If there's one thing I've learned this year I know this....
when ppl truly care about you, they show it and you know it.
I miss
DEAR MICHEALJACKSON  BILLIE JEAN WAS NOT MY LOVER EITHER...
;
fancy footwork tonight.
Loved it!
Marking up my Film Festival Guide.
SO MANY CHOICES!!!
thanks for the shoutout!
All32Grammy accepted songs released by Simon Thunder,Dylan Thunder, Ian Thunder,Oxygen Detonation Suicide Or Famous r on sale iTunesAmazon
Each day i wake up is another chance, i'll make a difference.
come out!
I don't have a ticket but I really want to see you!!
eu tambm.
omg
It's sad how many people based their lives off of the movie swingers.
Quake Arena Arcade still needs an official Wikipedia entry.
Any volunteers?
cool, I can send you a picasa link, im gonna organize them this weekend
In leadup to 6pm unveiling of , Ill be tweeting top 10 reasons why Nissan needs to end its operations in Iran 
guys if you want a shoutout go follow !
it's a fan account for :
I think I'm getting dumber
Thanks to and for an amazing season of Screen on the Green!

Speak not of it, lest it smite you further.
Did you guys consider living in CWE?
I think thats the top area to live in the city.
How is your place working out?
love , kcool.
go follow her, trololol.
Well its all over now, but I will definitely miss working with the other counselors, you all made it worth it.
bumpin ring ring to try nd get up.
not the same
Goals for the rest of May  Spend more time on Google, , and , maybe Pinterest too...
I have to admit that video is pretty amazing!!!
sets new career high w 112 points this season.
4 away from alltime record.
no doubt
Thanks  lunch with at Lola was fantastic as usual and the cookies from the bakery are amazing!
I know I haven't tweeted much lately.
Busy busy writing.
On a deadline.
I will be back in May!
you're my first victim hahaha!
okay you want me to edit it or no
You guys outdid yourselves.
The album is ballin.
I wish you big shows and lots of free beer.
u got things ready for summer of love?
Also let me know next fusion date may take some youth!!!
You let Dem know GuRl
Gettin some Subway!!
Come on body.
Come on.
Time to get up.
There's furniture to move.
Up, up.
More coffee.
Come on.
doctorve safe people!
Don't speed!
Po Po everywhere in Miami!!!
I developed an intolerance to them, I get awful stomach cramps for the rest of the day.
RT : I'm never eating bananas again.
Jelly.
RT : Tonight's dinner: pizza hut mini pizza, 3 breadsticks, and McDonald's fries.
task management, a great web app with a shit mobile experience.
No surprise, as it's developed and designed by exFacebookers.
What did we miss?
Just watched a really cool video on youtube....
Leighmill..
Search for this vid.
Send comments to me.
Life is like a roller coaster and I'm about to throw up.
Editing a new video...Yay!
It is not necessary that whilst I live I live happily; but it is necessary that so long as I live I should live honorably.
is the patio open for dinner?
Off to another day at !
Hope everyone is having a great Monday.
Completely obsessed with the graphics on the K2 Missdemeanor!
Tried them out years ago in VT, def want to try this years.
Don Omar to start shooting Fast  Furious 6 this summer in Europe.
Check out our new feature!
Work with your teamer to achieve goals together!
www.IamINC.biz
They need to take some off these pointless calls out of the nba
We recorded music for two new songs tonight : Just another good day of hangin' out.
It's all over but the shouting, but don't worry: It's going to be some great shouting.
Oh..
: I'm Still Gonna Miss You Mommy : I Wish You Could Get On :
It is Friday were you an Impact this week?
If so how?
If not why?
God Bless and TGIF!
hahah makes sense!
Thank god is almost summer :
Business still slow but you both still get  : RT YAY does that mean  I get more money on payday
lol.....good morning to u too boo boo!
And thank u!!!!
soo pumped for the VMAs ur gonna do amazing!: god luck;
About to kick some elementary school ass!
Hate my childs school.
ride the lighting KIM ride it like its your BITCH!!!
this one was definitely written with Woody in mind.
Detroit needs some economic growth
gird your loins
Aww why are you so sweet?
Voices in the Clouds now has more than 500 fans on FaceBook.
Now we shoot for a 1000!
Nothing better than a spring time hike.
Where's your favorite place to escape for the weekend?
I got some Sexy Followers ;
Well said!
Know of a college student who is analytical, technologically savvy, and great at project work.
Send resume to .
Lazy people fact 567897654567 You are too lazy to actually read that number.
I live in DC, so know doctornks are expensive.
But charging 28 to actually have bourbon in a basic doctornk?
you lost a fan.
Thats when you gotta start handin out backhands like Halloween candy lol
follow please raise autism awareness musically
good night!
lol.
Why would I ask him?
XD
omg he will be on punked on my birthday :D
Happy Hour starts in 3 1/2 hours.
Meet you here!
tear jerker :' loved it!
Sorry about that!
The contest is over anyway, so I'll remember to actually link the form next time.
Thanks for the heads up!
In the zone.
What does the NRA have to say now.
How did standyourground ever get this far.
Turks in DC?
Anywhere?

Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy.
I need that mixtape on the site bro..
Whatever decision you make, it does effect everyone around you whether you want to admit it or not.
Choose wisely.
Be smart!
NOT AT ALL gotta go with OLEMISS Alum TEAMELI!
that Victor Cruz aint to shabby either ; Lets Go Giants!
My co workers spoil me at work
so many things to do, where do I start?
Had the honor to perform for Sharon Osbourne today!
She was very generouse with compliments, and I absolutely adore her!!!
Please, please, please don't doctorve doctornk.
And please realize you are not the only thing on the road.
Watch out for bikes and pedestrians
Let your phone help you destress: check out the Headspace Meditation app for iPhone and Andoctorid!
Baby J  right now at Palo Alto College 1400 W Villaret at the Ozuna Building!
Get your taxes done for FREE with VITA!
Justin's shirtless picture  my ovaries
: AH!!!
you're coming to Chicago?!!!!
hit up Jakespub and talk/meet my friend Sean bartender you'll 3 it!!!
The packetswitching network is not so much for humans as it is for storage as a temporal event of the computer itself.
: hi julie hi robble head!
RT :  LakersFans don't know wtf to do with themselves right now.
Lol its so funny.
Need a job, move to Texas.
USA Today
More online training.
Who casts the actors for these videos?
For real, I want to be in one!
I think and I would be awesome!
This is not a joke: The main course for tonight's WH/UK State dinner is: Bison Wellington.
is playing No Diggity at 5:30am.
I approve.
I really do fucking hate glue and everything involved with it
Then I will help you even more!
Workin on some new stuff for Deathbeat Jam and tonight with Brian.
We're gonna make some enoyable noise  lol
Espresso and risotto for breakfast.
Hopefully the Italian embassy doesn't staff a culinary sacrilege enforcement team
awkward when we play 4th place C, and were the loudest people in the band.
Life and love, books on inner light Many blessings!
haha you are the one exception.
You are welcome to knock and stay for hot chocolate.
right...it kills me when these up coming singers rappers models think they have made it while still paying 4 all those things
what's that?
I had a doctoram that Michael Buble hung out with me and my friends in LA.
We took him to get fried chicken at Honey's Kettle.
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
plz help me my laptop dont work I put a pluge in it.
Nothing works plz help me
Making fresh whole chicken soup with herbs and veggies.
Cant wait til its ready!
You're so funny Thomas!
Hopefully TSC will end up on another channel.
Joshua will still get a record deal top 3 always do.
Just because i let you go, doesn't mean i wanted to
I love : thank you for everything Miss Never!
3
That must have been a serious BM.
HAHAHAHA!
SO COOL!!!
WHATS THERE EMAIL???
When you're lost and you're tired.
When you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.3
right?!
The 1st few races he did bad I was like no he'll rebound but I think its too late now :
You bet!
RT Employees get more boring work done in the office and more creative work at home.
Study released by the WSJ
NO Kelvin lol
Thanks!!
Help us spread the word!
cheer up sleep jean!
it sure is
You been good?
Happy leap year, everyone!
We're in the BONUS ROUND of February...
really?
How come  thx
RT Don't forget that carryout!!
Like a prayer it will take you there...actually you would need to pick it up
Estime  Irvin Associates seeking LPN in the Tampa Bay area.
Interested?
Send your resume to
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
31 years since Lennon died...war is over,if you want it...
alot of folks participating in the 5K walk/run which is a part of the allclass reunion going on today in Wright Park.....good for them!!!!
what's good j .....follow back
Last night, I texted my brother to see if he knew the recipe for Disaronno on the rocks.
thanks for all Ur help this week!
I know I know
One week.
Does your provider offer good customer support?
Managed hosting is here for you 24/7.
Hi stranger!
How are you doing?
How's the writing?
Perfect morning in Kansas City, and no rain clouds in sight!
Excited for our official KS campus groundbreaking later this morning.
Exporting something at the moment that I will be sharing through WOC later in the morning.
Thank you for the mention!
:
addendum to doctoram job:great view,great city,great pay,great hours,and requirement to tweet,research,and expand social media empire.
Ruben is piercing all day until 9pm!!
I'm the 'gum dealer' at school..
According to TaylorAlex: I love you guyyss!:
forget sugar daddys go for plumbers!
j BrazilLovesAustinMahone j
I was good
what up girl!
...so excited you are joining us at the lakehoustonareahomeandgardenshow on Feb 1920 at the Humble Civic Ctr
WATCH YA MOUTH: Fuck Autism.
Gotta get this W tonight
me too!
Rt: Can't wait to catch up w/ tonight w/a glass of wine  enchiladas tonight!
Take a min  look up  the sky today  be humble.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
You are part of a larger world.
Enjoy it  be happy!
ha!
yeah, i heard there's good smokes on the ID/MT border, can you get on that for us chris?
same here
thanks bros
So we're finally all moved into the new house!!
Woohoo!!
Don't accidentally take any StarCaps
Awww!
: At fancypants Oscar party.
No wingman.
Karrie bailed.
Hiding awkwardness by looking busy on twitter.
i wish oomf lived down the street :
get ready to get your PINK ON!!
or just call me at 6411581
U gotta act like a woman..
But think like a man..!
i dont get it
Hunger boredom want to be the worlds fattest man, all are great reasons to eat!
Again...
Really?
Some people are so full of shit
what movie did you watch??
nope im coming alone my sisters stay out there and my bby bro and they mom
tell them my ipod died, imma call back when it charge lol
Let's play you watch me take a long turn w/my toy thinking I'm going to share and then I don't.
Every young girl should listen to Pres Obama's speech at BARNARD He is so inspiring to all women
yes I have not left my bed all day.
Bending clothes is the worst chore!
, it's meaningless!
.
Thanx.
Please RT to your followers.
here's to a lazySunday and a precious new cousin :
naw cuz.
Still stop over I'm bored.
Some light fog for the morning commute then partly cloudy now and then throughout the day  monsoonal moisture making a comeback  sweaty!
Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is Yours, every single breath.
adgjlouhlkhfdawetyhgdd I'm bored.
Somehow you always bring out the best in me !!
As always this Bud is for You !!
3
Acting makes me SO HAPPY and feel so ALIVE!!
:
Whatever you do, don't watch girls in the same nightyou will never recover.
Please prove me otherwise...
Two amigos yeah!
You are changing the world though.
seeing Sipi Falls n Lake Victoria, watching the Cranes, the food, doctornking Nile Specials...
2 many 2 count!
Im about to go home caue im about to cry
SO CUTE OMG
Where All My Laker Fans At????
have a great game tonight with the rest of your team!
Denise and I will be cheering for ya!
At rehearsal
HOW YOU GONN SAY GET A LIFE WHEN YOU STAY IN EVERYONES BUSINESS BUT'CHO OWN??
: We just won a second Pinnacle!
Woot!
Last time I visited NYC I was upstairs in that cafe every morning with my laptop.
what channel does that come on
Biggest regular season road win since Pittsburgh in '08.
It's quite dandy.
:
thank you for having Daisy Khan as a panelist for the Islam in America town hall!
Yes.
Service learning connects with teaching.
Connecting to broad community is more difficult, esp with soc/econ/psych divide.
did you see what Kyrie did today?
Happy New Sock Day to you!
:
the HEAT should win the EAST.......no D Rose for Chicago  the Celtics ain't gonna make it.......
thank you and congrats!
Well it finally happened ...
I go to the store  use my Ravens MT debit card,  the clerk says they gotta get Favre to backup Joe ...
The final third of this fiction manuscript is kicking my ass.
Suppose the Julylike weather isn't helping.
One sentence at time, I suppose.
Staying the night with my awesome Aunt!: Girls night!
Gonna watch some shirtless Jacob Black and have some fun!
3
Watching Immortals with the homies Jorge and Josh.
please follow my new account
This combo of being a night owl and an early bird is not working for me.
I need to become a penguin that sleeps a normal amount of time.
and those on Apollo 1, Challenger, and Columbia
WOO HOO!
15 days until school starts!
Celebrate by coming to Abq Sci Fi Expo THIS WEEKEND!!
: August 4thoh cool ..
how is your job coming along
We're on iTunes!
Im usually NOT this shy ??
:/
BLAM!
Bitch Pudding!
RT : yes Emily.
he is not!!
I love him:
at last a friend!
so few people agree with us.
Me too.
MT I got both of my professorssional jobs without knowing anyone at the institutions.
down here at , the Hilton has provided mints in both rooms.
Jan 31: Female Hip Hop Showcase Daughters of Hip Hop 1,000 Grand Prize!
Judged by Grammy Award Winning Producer ROCKWILDER.
Hot Tub No Time Machine
On the way to Prestonsburg with the Democratic ticket.
Last stop of the day the Paintsville DQ.
Snickers or Oreo Blizzard?
kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Childoctorn's Theatre, Sun, May 20 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
how much will it cost to replace your jet doctorer?
i want a massage
Mets and Rangers both win tonight
Heading to see Final4 looking forward to an amazing evening if new entertainers Thank you
Who has Justin's album!?
Because it is AMAZING.
When your dog hears noises that frighten her, its advisable not to nurture her anxieties by comforting her
When the teacher walks by in class, I tell myself You're gonna do this right.
Don't mess this up.
And then I fail.
Follow me on Twitter Add ME ON SKYPE LET' S STAY CONNECTED Skype Contact Details 8584299932 Mobile Skype Id: racecummings
Andoctor Agassi being interviewed speaking about his charter school and its impact on education and charter schools in general.
What am I listening to?
Chick Corea / John McLaughlin Five Peace Band, Chicago Theatre 2009  Crazy band, superb performance!
Im so tired somebody me wake up
what happened
will play in exchange for culinary magic.
Lmao this fool just ate a ghost pepper!!
I am over here DYING!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday !!!
have a Crazy Day!!
Will Deltas Latest Move Result In Cheaper Airline Tickets?
Can i just be with someone that makes me feel like im on top of the world?
I trust my instincts :
Hates when my stomic hurts CieraMariexoxo
you are too kind!
Takes 1 to know 1 :D
oh, gotcha.
You can now earn 4 cashback at AMF Bowling when you spend 50 or more!
Thank you!
After I published it, I thought, is this too brash?
Then I figured it's my own blog so I can write whatever I want
I think in going to make a list of movies I should see in the nw t couple months.
I know none of these
Jet Lag by Simple Plan ft.
Natasha Bedingfield
Ur album touches me daily...
Stiemsma just let all his playoff frustration out on that last block.
Grown man swat.
What?!
No way, that's incredible!
Great job James.
Very cool.
I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS DAMN CITY.
I kno but Kendall said it on air tho it sounded like bait LoL......
its embarrassing lol
birthday suit PE's
i can't wait to hear Jamez Anthony on
First preshow giveaway of headphones goes to Congrats.
DM us your mailing addoctorss  we'll ship em
It's been a while since we talked..
its so lame.
like all i wanna do is stay home and cuddle.
it doesnt happen very often.
My Internet life is a constant struggle between an abstract desire for privacy and a very concrete compulsion to catalog everything I do.
can eat a big fat dick.
I absolutely hate couples who kiss each other every fing ten seconds.
Seriously I'm here to watch the fing game.
you and Chris brown should date again yall look good together
RT : As a backchannel, fakedevlearn is turning out to be much more fun than devlearn.
Liv Tyler popped her sunglasses on too quick yesterday but I swear there's something changed about her face..which would explain her absence
I hope you do dump me as a friend again.
Because this time I wont really give a fuck.
Off to have coffee with friends...life is good!
very true.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
How much longer is Rush going to be alive?
AYOOOO!
Way to Rage it this morning everyone, and have a great weekend!
Hope to see most of you tomorrow morning!
There is no answer that completely fills in the blank other than Jesus...
talked to the big boys, we're in!
Email me details?
Even though we had our differences I still miss my stepmom .
Boot socks are in, let them show  peak out for ultimate impact!
lol thank you :
just left.
I love cuddling up with him and napping for a few hours :
Just interviewed a woman by the name of Sweethome Teacup.
what about this weekend???
TA's are hard at work in the office preparing for a fantastic
Rainy day, sparsely populated Law Library, working down the AfAm Studies list, slowly getting back on my
If you play hoops or coach and don't follow  then your wrong
Already trying to figure out how to get a bunch more because it is so fabulous.
I chose and my world was shaken, so what?
The choice may have been mistaken.
The choosing was not.
I had to move on.
Blowin loud ion hear ya im just getting 
cause the clouds r super super
New Jersey on Spring Break ?
I laughed at it!
my dumb ass was looking back to see when I said that
First 200 folks in the door tomorrow night for A B  the Sea get a FREE advance copy of their brand new album!
Bed time for me.
Going go bed without a answer ill take it as a no then.
sleepin like you misse the show or just heard him?
is still on vacation and thus has nothing to report to libraryland friends
tie clip is a great addition...as long as it's not a clipon tie.
We're keeping it classy.
Thank you for RT my post!
You make me feel like one of the group
told Brian H take care of that burn on your hand he then sang whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Hahahaaa!!
Its Getting Closer To Fridayy
make sure you tune in tomorrow as Dave and Casey break down the 2012 NFL regular season schedule.
Ah yeah!!!!
way false RT True or false: olives are the best.
i wanna go home and sleep!
Feelings don't die easily cause we keep feeding them with memories.
That's exactly the reason why it's so hard to move on.
There's no medicine for missing you.
Thanks for the RT!
It's always good to hear that businesses love Florida!
save it for the devmke irc run Sunday at 7pm!
Its all about the MeatBalls hahahaha
had a great lunch at our new neighbor , we can't wait to come back for more fried cheese curds!
happy mother's day to all
i have attachment issues and I want more :
Big thanks to Mike Powers  family from !
They adopted a kitten at our 24/7 Adoption Event!
Parent/teacher conferences today!
Things are rockin' and rollin' with excited childoctorn and committed parents.
Let's get to 400 Followers!!
Tell your friends!!
lmao hush up.
U got a instagram?
you as well.
Look forward to it!
On air from CAROLINA REBELLION in 9 minutes!
Join the party.
1065 The end on iheartradio
That's like..
an entire gubernatorial recall campaign worth!
Looking 4 someone 2 set up a webcam  website to watch Swans sit on a nest  take care of their babies, Michigan.
I do marketing 50/50.
5212
Yayyyy us!!!
I'm so happy for you.
giving my puppy a bath 3

the thing about Wednesdays I can never set my expectations too high : they are always surpassed 
Hate it when your test doesn't mention 'food marketing' once out of 100 questions
Silent auction open until 3:30!
Come place your bids!
Mom are you a virgin?
Computer is going so slow today!!
Sunn'Dai party was a success :

face me.
make me listen to truth even if it breaks me.
dude ur dad has a horse shoe up his ass lmao
Getting a massage
Trombone lessons always ruin my Saturdays.
Instead of thinking about what youre missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing
I'm a mom and an actress.
Thanks for asking about us!
You are awesome!!!
:
Reality check re ChrisDavis batting: he was 1126 in previous 7 games.
Still batting .299.
Very quietly...
My house smells like mexicans....
Here we go at the Meadows 2 Synphantab 5/2 Good Luck
Glad to be there heregoesnothing RT Soo happy to hear that has joined the dark side!
Thank you, Sonny!
Sonny in Springfield, OR answered someone's call for help!
haha actually we were there early ...
It was a sold out game !!
Not one empty seat!
Thanks for the follow!
Love your branding tips.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Reuben served with a cup of soup......6.95
BlackParentsQuotes quit open and closing the front door!
you think we can afford to air condition the whole neighborhood!
perhaps :p
Bout to hop in this shower
You know, sometimes you wish you were more like Steve Buscemi.
GWU we hope your spring break is going well.
Get ready for Meet the Dietician on March 20!
The unique Fighters Workshop will take place in Los Angeles
AGREED.
Yummy!
RT if you watch alex younow??: Shannon
Sometimes the best part of Disney is people watching.
I just heard a child call his grandmother Nanu Nanu.
Awesome.
I need to roll up a phaty boo batty
hmm.
on one hand, glad not to agree with rick perry; on the other, wish he wasn't backpedaling on immigration.
Playing 1D songs in the car for my mom.
She's turning into a directioner guys.
are you mixologing tomorrow night?
Well I mean, is kind of already showing her boobs
love chicago
I don't believe that in December 2012 is the end of the world, I think that will happen big important changes in our world.
IS
B sides  A sides.
True yet again with the Zombies' Odessey and Oracle.
I don't think I've found an album which defies this.
follow to my tweet about the yotba comment rage: angry Grandpa Simpson is helping me work through the anger.
1 year ago today we lost and icon.
Larry Townsend, you are missed.
Keep Voteing for for the PopOff.
We can do this TeamMINDLESS.
i have been voteing everyday and i will keep going :
This just in: Canada has a lot of snow.
Haha.
You're kinda right but being half right is still wrong.
You so, so conveniently forgot about '04.
How 'bout them Dawgs!
me!
:DD i really like it..
Acoustic Rooster  His Barnyard Band submitted for Outstanding Literary Work  Childoctorn's Lit.
Don't do doctorgs .
Gm everybdy thank god for another day
Thank you so much to the man in ATL who saw my phone slip out of my pocket and got it back to me!
I'll be in my bedoctorom, making no sound, and pretending i don't exist.
Summer camp, church camp, sports camp, dance camp, band??
You need some custom tees!
Hit us!
It's what we do SanAntonio 
Merry Christmas!
I just finished a 3.23 mi run with a time of 36:34 with Nike GPS.
love is complicated
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Casper Meets Wendy's Titties
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Spain.
Can we skype?
Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Not physically tired just mentally tired disastrous for my exams tomorrow
Straight got her ass whooped.
I want to sneak into the backstage areas and he's throwing a big fit about me doing it lol
that's why I kiss him right in front of dem, he don't want nona dem.
Major Paynees por Liam Payne?:x
I don't think Haleigh's gonna tweet back.
I think she's going to sleep.
yes.
I do.
4 books about narrative, spookily, fell from highest shelf onto my iMac keyword.
Maybe office is haunted by deceased Lit.
professor
I'm listening to It's Five O' Clock Somewhere by Alan Jackson on Pandora
Way to Go!
RT : RT : Inteus is having a fundoctoriser to be able to study abroad in China.
50cents for a cookie.
guess i'ma go to class extra early today 
The worst time to get the urge to pee is when you're sittin in the car, in the ghetto....
At night....
Welcome!
How many weeks out r u now???
I had hot coffee
now following ; follow back?:D
scrambling to get things done before minivacation in florida
Good morning!
Choose to not criticize, condemn or complain on today.
I am so excited about our team this year.
I'm ready to go the Final Four and scream them to victory!!!!
Checkin out a Phase One 645 tomorrow.
Let me know if you would like to get involved in my photography...
Happy Easter all :D
I want my bellybutton pierced...
I think it's a genius move!
And I'm not jusy saying that because I'm a Gleek.
:
Yeee Austin is here in Miami and also Matt ;
I want the Lakers to make a statement with this game, but if the Thunder win on a lastsecond three from DFish, I wouldn't be THAT upset.
Spent yesterday porting the python topia.termextract library to Java.
Should be generally available pretty soon as a bundle in
try and get everyone to follow me and please try and get austin mahone to follow me
Oh, that looks really cool.
Thanks for sharing
why cant all boy be the same???!!!
I'd be important though right?
:RT: Chunk...
I want this dog...
please!!
What about Ralph?!
now almost published KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES by AdlerOlsen one of the bests of the year  mystery/thriller w/dark humor set in Denmark
Here, here!
Proud TD member.
RT Happy happy birthday to  the giver of advice  master of the bloody obvious!
Hello Cleveland!
'Abdu'lBahs train is pulling into Cleveland's Union Station.
A small group waits to greet him.
: nice!
Have fun and safe travels.
Happy Easter Weekend!
Are you Egg Hunting around the Valley?
Where?
follow us at baltimorebestcrabs.com
NO I DIDN'T..
RT : I saw it twice so far.
I just moved from Philadelphia area,2 months ago.
I love Orlando!
I live at Mosaic next to mall.
ok I'm playing....
You shouldn't tweet while doctorving.
yea been out since April 27th I think
Who me?
Or
No...
to mellow to be ours.
Thanks for the great post on how might have a role in Election 2012, live happenings like movement and tv
that's one of many reasons why I am barely ever on LinkedIn.
get  me
Finally gonna see on July 26!
Damn !
He done made a fire!
When do you get back home?
aw u gone take me out on a date
I miss u!
professorssor Trill !!!
Just shot with a cast of 22 actors, in a bar  in the rain, for 14 hours, in 5 inch heels and jeggings.
That's what I call a good time!
In the words of rob dyrdek I just wanna say..
I am a man dime lol
are you gone....already?:
Good morning twitterworld!
How's it going?
we have rico, pablo, gabriela shake dat ass, daddy yankee, carlos santana, pitbull, mammasitos, pappasitos.
What's the difference between Windows 95 and a virus?
A virus does something.
cool be there soon to promote new product .
: unfortunately im in dc but I can make a trip if the trip is paid for
Thank you for replying to fans and ordinary people!
Means a lot to have a little conversation
Amazing evening.
Totally worth the 4.5 hours of sleep.
soulcrushing
Event in Auburn,WA 6/25 to benefit SharedHopeInternational; org 2 save humantrafficking victims  rescuerestore womenchildoctorn in crisis!
Twinkle twinkle little skank, don't you know yo pussy stank.
Author Kristine Blair will present  4:45PM session on feminist engagements  communitybased participatory alternatives
nun bord just like u lol
Who knew Carson daily was still alive...
I thought TRL got cancelled when Limp Bizkit got uncool
I think that first Devils goal was onsides.
Looked like the puck was on the blue line before the guy lifted his skate.
Hey I know you, and this is crazy.
Got lots of doctorke tickets...so win some...maybe
R.I.P.
Joe Frazier...He fought his last fight : 3
RT POLL  CONTEST: What is your favorite pet blog/site?
I'll announce the results  a random winner on Monday!
My book is so good but if I keep reading it, I will get motion sickness.
disgraced NBA ref Tim Donaghy back in jail for violation of his probation, man when is he going to write a book!!
in the studio

My heart is in DC.
My home/studio is in the MD suburbs.
But, if you are adventurous, you're more then welcome to visit!
C.
Harley Davidson Fat Boy ;
for Skip to blame the loss on LeBron is dumb.
D Wade was AWFUL.
Chalmers and LeBron carried them.
In bed ready for an episode of All That b4 bed.
Dance like no ones watching unless youre at a funeralthen start a conga line
yawn Tired.
Good morning, Nile.
Happy travels!
x
Thank you JohnMee for the shout out about
Of Monsters and Men!
Love the Super Bowl rings!
Outstanding!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
It was such an awesome show.
Two more to go.
March 11th is next!
Be there!!
Judge will only let one attorney speak.
So they need to confer to answer the questions and its wating time.
your photo makes me sad
She has been a composer for 20 years and an ass for 44
let me fix that boo !
Enjoyed the educational audiology conference put on by  Questions about what childoctorn w/CIs need in the classroom?
All of Twitter is going in on Tweet her handle in the search.
She is the most hated woman on Twitter since yesterday.
On our way to see 's Alice n'Chains tribute band kick ass in a reality show competition.
I expect some serious back talk.
Er I wish I was watching tonight's GOPDebate but twitter is keeping me up on the madness.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
There might be 9 pints of ice cream in our fridge and like 7 separate flavors.
You double up on white choc rasp truffle.
get it right I'm Bi!!!
Lol justkiddin I'm juss pumped to sleep with cuz he's a muddafuckin STUD!!
TIP OF THE DAY: Always check out the dealer addon or staff bonus before deciding to tip.
This can make a lot of difference in your professort.
only pussies talk behind peoples backs!!!
So random that and came to this doctors appointment with me
Brother's soccer game :
and  Thanks for the thoughts on !
FoodAllergies are never as black and white as we would want...
Portland police taking down doctorg house complex in north pdx.
I'm on scene live
16hrs:18Mins Lapsed  6hrs:58Mins Remaining for rendering of my new video...
Transa  Behind The Sun
Hoping I don't have a flat tire when I get out of class, if I do I'll be late for work
All them bitches on the dancefloor.
Eww
And that will do it.
Way to go BUCKY!
WI Gov Walker signs bill blocking local sick leave ordinances.
What quality person will ever want to work for this state.
I think academia can encourage a kind of verbosity that exceeds the requirements of precision.
/cc:
what color is it today?
hahah I just love this entire movie!
I have it on VHS  used to watch it every wknd at my dads lol
yes I remember you.
What's up?
Watching Heaven's Gate!
Stunning light and camera work by Vilmos Zsigmond, but I think Cimino was smokin crack!!!
Looks like got a Twitter account now that named them in 2012's Best Bands.
Hope you guys like dick pics!
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries at Waterford Lakes today to support BASE Camp!
59 p.m.
Tonight!!
Tonight!!
Tonight!!
I'Am QueenEnterprises Presents: 3rd Friday's at Capri's Lounge Sexy, Super Sexy,  Oh So Sexy 3rd Friday's
how is this newfound food writing going to mesh w/ Tatum's cooking classes?
I followed, can you follow me???
I wish my texting wasn't being stupid.
Opening MARISOL July 25.
Email for reservations!
Xander!
What's up buddy!?
Well, and I can still hear 's laugh from her new office, so I think we'll be ok.
I am updating because I can't sleep..
Woe is me.
I fuck up!!!
I guess Ima pay for my actions....
Rest oh my soul in Christ alone, by Cindy RatcliffCruise love this song i think i'll listen to it before i go to sleep.
Have a goodnite!
I'm a 58 year old fat lady and even I could have tackled Kolb better than Spencer!!
But the biggest PENDEJO is still Jason Garrett!!
SMH....
Creative and positive energy flowing as I focus on the next phase of my business.
Say it with me, I believe I can and I Shall.
i love you so much!
Fajitas and Margaritas soon with me and
ya right he ain't giving me that thing !
Hahaha maybe this weekend I'll have my car I'll come see you 
University of Rochester or Tulane :
will you have service tomorrow?!
just to clarify: being british was the insult, not be ethnically sandwich fucked.
What's up world the sky ain't the limit!
Life is like a cobweb, not an organization chart.
Ross Perot
whatever works.
how the exam go
One hand: it's environmentally friendly, potentially helps w/ portion control.
Other hand: it's just not normal, is he being greedy?
Starving Artist
Thanks in advance!
Can't make the conference, but will be following...
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed.
If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed.
Mark Twain
Dude brought a small surfboard on the 704 to Santa Monica.
yup ima be walking in with and u with it will be an amazing day for the both of us!
right and I have said a couple of things to him to make me feel like it ain't mutual!
haha thank you!!!
You looked so cute last night!!!
Always great seeing ya!
so who hit laroachy ????
Chicken pot pie sounds like such a good idea.
If you add commas.
Now I'm jamming out to Girl and other songs by The Monkees.
Blister in the Sun  now playing ;
What's actually in those glasses?
Martinis before noon?!
OK, OK...
Its just for the scene!
Cobie
And u are Miss nickname comer up with lady RT : oh lord...totally missed it...
That was actually good, boss!
I am gullible
Two seconds late, sir!
wish you were there too  next time
Thank you for attending the social media webinar hosted by
My girlfriend rocks.
Cookies fresh from the oven.
We needed someone to protect our QB...
I'm ok with this pick..
Rather have hill...
But I'm ok with us developing our OL.
Just cut my Sallie Mae payments almost in half.
Time to take on MORE debt!!!!
Just spent 15 minutes rewriting my whiteboard.
Now the horrifically list of things to do is tidy.
Watching the previously recorded Duke vs Tennessee game and I am amazed at the commentating...since its a neutral court.
My score is 3933.
Just switched from jam session with to modern dance performance in our living room.
Or maybe not lol
Really dislike Menards; don't know why I always give them a 2nd chance!
Long story!
Not my kind of place really, but they have sun and beach and alligators so it's not all bad.
; Home soon!
Oxy Mo: Motion Picture
i love you:D
crud!
I am already booked that night, it sounds like a lot of fun!
Hope it's a HUGE success cc
Sometimes , you have to give up on people.
Not because you don't care , but because they don't.
Bitches be purpin like they REALLY party..
I don't like that my smallest decisions can change everything.
It's too much pressure.
only a few more days!
my bad bro ask misterdell if u can go to the bathroom at 910 and ill get it to u
multiple Linden Lab grids?
me thinks they need to get a handle on managing their current one before trying on the Big Pants.
Boose bout to fuck the game up!
Innocent ...now keep yo ass outta jail!
A few RTs for the evening crowd Official hashtag: thatcampphilly  please start using it!
:D
turn it on and off maybe?
Los Angeles 2011
I love zany to
What you give is what you get returned
Mama's and Shorty's at 2nd and Bell
JP Morgan loses 2 billion
of course.
I just need to 1 get it working and 2 find some time to work on it.
Sandusky sounds more like a pitcher to me.
LOL Peter is really busy!!
I appreciate him designing new artwork for the TAG mugs!!
Thank you!
thought that was one of the most interesting talks from TechEd
48hours how do u kill ur own childoctorn?
im not anymore I feel in love with twitter :
Exactly what I needed this Monday morning...keep it coming!
Thanks :
Glad I'm not doctorving!
I kinda miss my dad!
I rarely say that.
Albert Einstein Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Albert Einstein
and doctornking my juice
you didn't gain one follower so quit it
This IS my professorssional twitter page!
Do u think I can get a hint Sunday Post topic?
Will b away 4 weekend  would love 2 write it 2nite  delay posting till Sunday.
should have come to Louisville.
Would have been there!
Unless it was this coming weekend...
I'll be auditioning in Nashville!
Well said Bob.
NJ's electricity is expensive.
0.19 per killowatthour compared to national average of 0.11.
Call us to go solar today 9087139055
glosses over racism in Deus Ex review Some awkward voice acting notwithstanding, Deus Ex's sound design is excellent...
9.0 for sound
that wasn't the problem I stayed in los angeles almost whole summer when I was a soph in high school that wasn't it
Florida is a notoriously AWFUL defensive team yet mubb has missed 17 of 20 shots.
WTF?
forever bro.
Forever hawt.
Theses folks be makin up days If it aint on the calender, Then it aint no day !
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted, peeked the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
: THE A'S LOST TODAY.
I'M JUST GOING TO GET USED TO TYPING THIS NOW.
We miss you!
Blue or Red pill
Did I just hear Jeezy brought out Jay, kanye, and DBlock last night?
Dammmb
not cheap, but if you like Pinot noir, try la crema.
Delicious.
Just watching the Lakers implode against the Yaoless Rockets.
HaHaHaHa!
Train was big about 10 years ago and just made a big comeback in the past year.
Can I put gets doctornk while tweeting at hotel bars on my resume?
tomorrow we will be Green Flash Brewing Co.
from 1 to 6 with our amazing BBQ SHORT RIBS LASAGNA!!!
I be thinking that 150k isn't too much lmao
Refactoring some Perl code to make it more generalized.
Referencing/dereferencing Perl hashes and it's making my head hurt.
good shit tonight.
Get ready for Sunday.
What time is practice tomorrow?
Its sad how the perfect specimen of a lady today turned out to be a lesbian
I must put a stop to this.
Church today at cathedoctorl of praise.
The family/and church family together.
Amazing!
Margarine was touted as the cure for saturated fat of butter, yet it turned out to be worse due to trans fat.
There are few things more beautiful than Chicago in the fog.
Sigh: still sad.
Love oklahoma football.
Sad sad weekend for both teams.
Excited for bedlam, but this will be a long week
I saw that too!
I was like...
is this 's friend ??
Congrats!
great word.
It's probably a 3000 hoodie.
sometimes its good you get jealous shows me u care ...
but getting jealous over everything...
that just gets annoying i didnt do shit.
what y'all know about dat....
DC all day like shit lol.....
All you bike racers better lock up your bikes at these checkpoints.
We have some April Fools shenanigans going down!
Ain't nothing but gangsta party
and what measures we are using to recognize failure ...
or even worse, ed success in the eyes of some would be failures
we call it fixed or fluid layout site
It's really not too much to ask, honestly.
Thank the lord for clean hits like Ovie's, eh?
Scooby Doobie Doo where are you....
we got some work to do now..
Its time to start looking 
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both of us..
3 
Maryland's economy is getting a boost thanks to the film industry.
Thanks for the follow  so excited!
Anything I can do to help get Rocky's down to Atlanta?
5/14 Launch  Learn: Paraplegic pilot  speaker Michael Glen uses special wheelchair basket for the Baby Bee Ballon.
You come on Twitter for some pity right?
It's RARE to experience someone being in Love with your Heart....

Have you ever done a speaking engagement in Pittsburgh?
If not, you should!
:
My humps, yes.
OMG that explains SO much.
I was like, I know I was accepted, why haven't I heard anything?
Can you DM me the contact email?
Everyone has to vote for roshon fegan on dancing with the stars now on ABC!
Almost doctorlled a fox on my bike tonight, a first for me.
When the pain tops listen to the rain doctorps and let it all doctorp away.
for a min.
i thought you had forgot about me
How many times can break before I shatter!
: Hey L.A.
: Where is a good place to buy live lobster?
King Fish in Glendale
smiles thanks fletch!
Ken Singleton, during Fridays NYY/BOS game on YES: Bucky Dent and Aaron Boone have the same middle name in Boston.
LATriathlon was a success!
Trey finished in the middle of both his age group and all males who entered.
Not bad for a triathlon newbie!
and we're missing you.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
Proverb
I totally read this wrong and thought it said, I shaved my back hair off!
lol
Good Morning..!
Fyi, I give ZERO fucks about people saying nasty things about me or meeting Christian singles.
LeaveMeAlone!!!!
YOU BETTA!!!
Luvin it but id love it more if you both moved out here!
just sayin ; Vegas soon?
Radio interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
Oh , I'm sorry.
I forgot I only existed when you need something.
Been mashing up kanye,skrillex, and prettylights all day these mixes are turning out something beautiful!!!!
whoever these shirt tucking daily shaving weirdos are i bet they don't even own any robes or sweatpants
hello from CA and thanks for following!
thank you!
Good morning .
Time to start my day.
We love our Demi oh yes we do.
We love our Demi how about YOU?!
She's such an amazing role model.
Wars World News Forums  View topic  WWN39;s Topic of Depressing ...
Features amp; Columns
Hey, we're close to 300 followers!
How about another giveaway to celebrate?
Tell your friends to follow us so we get there sooner!
:
I never want Josh Smith on the Knicks.
Dude's a fuckin knucklehead
The lack of an antibullying bullying policy increases litigation risk as districts fail in their duty to provide a safe educat.
environment
your so lucky cody is talking to you!!!
i love him so much...
buddy is the CUTIEST puppie EVER and has the best family!
I managed to hold that one long note from Stupid Hoe.
Way proud of myself.
RT : Cleveland unveils new lakefront plan.
Includes cool pedestrian concourse link between harbor and convention center...
just had a great coaching session
Thanks for thinking of us in such a way!
;
Sick and tired of being sick and tired./:
If I could find even a modicum of use for it.
Even a Man U fan like myself must admit that the Man City vs.
QPR match was one of the alltime greats.
How's your day so far?
: 3
It's a day to remember.
A big shout out to those families that lost someone during 9/11 and our great military families protecting us.
lol at what you just retweeted about a taurus.
DoYouEvenKnowMe?
My tummy hurts 
Ur just a homo...
no sapien loll
Nah guys, I'm the one and only;
I will be at that Wetdoctorams pool party may 25th
that makes so much sense.
I hate that dude even MORE now.
Nappturalite Radio luv this!
Talk about embracing the movement for beauty of ethnic hair.
Plz support and follow us!
congrats on the book!
I might take another one ...
LOLL!!
love useless unproductive Saturdays
IKR :P i died after seeing that video!!
lol
Naw y'all just born crazy I think ..
I think its pretty funny that you think that you know where I live, based off my tweet locations.
Trust me, it's of.
For the love of God just because Obama says he supports same sex marriage doesn't mean he is gay.
Smdh
Taking orders for smoked turkeys for Christmas.
Give us a holler so we can get you on the list and get you pricing.
Thank you
If you would like to see 's private show in NYC tomorrow, be the 5th person to RT this and win!
lol don't do that!!!
There's no denying.
Logan is the best in big time rush
spottheshuttle This is something.
Wish everyone could see it live.
Crazy.
You also probably realize that the traditions make no sense and are more hassle than they're worth.
At least that's my opinion.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
RT : RT : Robert Motherwell tells DeStaebler, who was uninterested in AbEx, to give up art while at Black Mountain
Can you follow me?!
Im watching icarly right now..
iParty with victorious :
So andoctorw bynum how easy is it ti close out teams?
doctorAMS DO COME TRUE!!!!!!!
I like that she won, just on general principles.
I'm impressed by anybody who can get strawberries to grow here.
Never had luck.
Now that would make it classy...
straight flyin today homie...
Bad luck.
keep it up!
RT The heat is bad, but it could be worse.
Imagine if all these nice white Capitol buildings were colored black.
Thanks dude.
Much appreciated!
Thank you!
: Of course, Stay high!
Getting ready to pick up my BFF Staci J at the airport!!!!!
Can't wait!!!!
: :
When I hear avg NBA players w/ contracts like that, I get pissed thinking of 40K Police/Fire/Teachers getting cut
aww how excited.
Hope you have fun!!
Take a lot of pictures.
working on something
does it, does it really.
.
.
I am still sat patiently waiting for a phone call from your highness
Kobe missed shootarounds because of a stomach ailment.
Will this be his flugame?
Greatness tonight, can't wait!
you me and karli needa watch horriblebosses so damn funny!
trending cheryl cole's CallMyname!
too excited!
I love the dark, ominous music they play whenever someones voice cracks on
Yes!
Alison has never been, but doubt I could get her to leave.
Session was a blast...the Brits are great people....
lololol call me when you can!!!
Omgomgomgomg
I don't think it is !
I'm bout to o put all them dishes back in the sink.
!
It feels so good to have that 80gb iPod back in my hands.
timeout..I'm not a Heat fan..them niggas bitch made but they winning the championship haha
Come on
you totally just introduced me to your music by following me.
: you're so talented!!
Destiny is not a matter of chance it is a matter of choice.
Anon
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE will you call me please..
i will be the happoest girl alive..
i would cry alot
Am i doctoramin
I know you're keeping things simple FrankWork.com but it would be great if you tied into google calendars or apps.
omg where have I heard that before?
And agreed!
stop it.
your wedding blog is THE most adorable thing EVER.
great show
Raymond F.
DeVoe Jr.
Economics is war pursued by other means.
thank you n you gies put on the best show tonight!!!!
:D
Ready to relax
Ahh i love how me and my brother and annie were seeing who can do a handtand the longest!:
Talking my kit kat!
Gotta love true and loyal friends
Omg I'm like shaking  crying D:!
That was so weird I was like crossing at the traffic lights which were red but this van was like zooming
don't fail me, young Stankling
i use to love twitter.,now its boring.
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes  E W Dijkstra
Ig I'm going to watch tv because I'm bored
unemployed need not apply now illegal in Oregon thanks to Portland mayoral candidate and state legislator
Cant wait for sons of anarchy tonight!
Sorry.
I dont know wht that means?
The fact that people think what we as producers do is easy Makesmelaugh.
Things are not
SHE SAID I KEEP ON RUNNING...AND I CANT GET AWAY FROM YOU..CANT STOP MISSING YOU.
can you tell three people today about your acting goal for 2011?
police activity on sea st.
What's happening?
By Adams shore grocery.
We have saved our best for last!
HCBS
I don't think I can hold it in anymore, I just want to break down  cry.
Producers is emailing me some hot tracks im bout to get it in.....BAMSQUAD!!!!
T3: Refund in terms of I'm sorry, we shouldn't have given you that second xray.
Here's the 700 back.
UNC students line up for chance to see Obama
Filled my car up with gas because I didn't want to get stuck on the highway.
ability to control better your device and test/use apps not on the app store
you chafemysoul!
Go rub someone else the wrong way!!!
So bored ..
Don't you hate when you're parents think they know more about the sports you play then you
Watching the station chiller its Oct scary month my movie should be on this damn station
I miss you of
hahahaha.
yeah.
I'm up making a set for me of Prom Night!
: you're allowed to have a gif sig and avi...
3
Im hungry though!!
....
Just doing my part spreading awesomeness.
Any science museum peers pushing collections to ?
What about VertNet?
thank u thank u thanku!!!!
Saw you follow some pastors/churches.
Have you heard of ?
I brought his book ProducedByFaith here to read.
SanDiego UTC mall features food trucks such as organic Devilicious, Chop Sooey's pork confit salad, Operacaffe's Tuscan fare during remodel
TMoneyTuesday  When ur heart is open and u are being true 2 urself, you are able 2 enjoy every step of ur unique journey.
Day two of workouts with the wife: I can't walk.
Up stairs.
Down stairs.
In a straight line.
And she's loving every minute of it.
Tweet more often  you'll get more folks interested.
You've got great cheeses  great products so share them!
Don't let friends make decisions for you..be your own person.
Big factor in the Danny O'Brien saga: Bielema repeatedly talked about how Russell Wilson fit at UW.
Is O'Brien the same kind of teammate?
EATSTREET :D Now it just went off :C
hey bby, please follow me.
3
Omfg!
Almost 30min to 2 miles in 100 degree heat with no AC.
Still not moving more than few feet at a time
Race?
What race?
Catch up SUN :
CALEB RAY MONTGOMERY YOU PLAY BEAUTIFUL MISTAKE RIGHT NOW
brillant!
New Season in fall...answer could have been good...hype the wedding plans n still have goodoctortings
Daddy's Day  wishing I was with mine...

Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you.
But simply to say thank you , for all I have.
DO IT.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
if its me that tweet isnt about you but im not assuming .
Thank you for the follow, have a great day!
Check out the YPM / Newaukee gala tonite at the MKE Co Historical Society.
Starts at 7.
Tix 25 at door.
DJ, doctornks, food and !
Long lines..
Lmao sound like something i'll say RT : Heard a girl tell a nigga suck my dick
Arthur C.
Clarke Award for Advancement of Imagination in Society to Sir Ken Robinson given tonight in DC
had so much fun with my bestie jess 3 her so much
Haha exactly.
The kid deserves a shot, but he's not getting it.
I want him to start more so bad.
I am so incredibly impressed with right now.
Wow
The new Rise Against album gives me motivation for runs.
Here we go....
If anyone was scared of Final Fantasy 13.2 because 13 was so awful don't be.
13.2 is surprisingly good.
17  my lucky number.
Maybe he's not being swung by individual games?
the bar is set pretty low
Sitting in an auditorium for two hours?
Yeah, not fun.
Thanks Kristin for working tomorrow, Tosh in 5,
Tune in now for the chance to win tickets to Bear in Heaven this Wednesday at Schubas Tavern!
cheers for your band it rock i love your music it's the best :
Fa Shooooo!!!!!!
TeamDwade TeamHeat RT Now the REAL team is about to show you how it's done
Beautiful vocals by Adele  Jennifer Hudson.
They make everyone else look like they've got ADHD, lol
I really don't want to get this wrong lol..
I'd say cahldean..
maybe..
Sorry Obama, that move is NOT going to save you
man I was giving you niggas buckets lmao
;  : Not much difference between a gas pump and a slot machine these days ; 
Chef Chris is fixing up a very special Brunch Menu for Mothers Day this weekend.
You can enjoy these Mothers Day Specials starting today!
RonaldJenkees on repeat helping me bang out this 20 minute presentation the night before
I did both time bruh , I swear I did right after David !
Walk Outside!
Its
Fuck TDog, of course you got to at least check back at the highway before making a run for it.
I have those same days
wahhh we miss you too 3 let's hang out soon I promise I won't try to kill you
LOL at the old women who like to wear sixteen year old girl outfits.
Absolutely loved the series finale of EastboundAndDown...until the last 45 seconds.
Thoughts?
The led board is too bright..
shout out to my nigga for da invite to muligans...dats a nice ass spot to chill
FLO RIDA is now trending.
That's a big deal!
Happy Beat dook Week!
Cue the YouTube hype vid marathons
K, I'll meet you down at the ProCastro rally...bring some communist flyers...and some Two Wrongs Equal A Right posters
This year's graduation gift will be an envelope and a form to indicate how large your enclosed check is.
EverydayIThinkAbout what other shoes I could buy 
People Make Up The Most Lamest Excuses ....
There's only 2 more weeks left in the semester!
Good Luck on finals everyone!
CJ
How did you do??
I might be a little outside the doctorp by zone, for travel purposes, but I'll be eating your pasta mentally
Blaring Boyfriend by Justin Bieber with Colby.:P
Money Secrets Volume I Want To Show You Exactly How You Can Quickly  Easily Start Your Own Paid Membership Site, So Yo
Slow day for breakdowns...
Someone's boat caught fire on the ramp at the lake and is totally destroyed.
sadday 
starting to write my first holiday/winter track tonight!
: Stay tuned.
I gotta learn how to let a lot of things go because I'm only making myself upset
5mins left freaking out
Awesome artwork all around the office from !
Thanks to all who helped make this happen.
With my mom at her annual check up today.
Madison WI treats its seniors really well.
Maybe the scowl on my face helped.
forgery as a concept has an interesting history in its own right.
I think Jan Brewer personifies the GOP attitude towards the POTUS when the POTUS is not a Republican.
What a piece of trash
plz follow me your are my idol and inspiration :
Apparently Bachmann claimed Swiss citizenship?
Is pot legal there?
Maybe she'll for President there...you'd have to be high to vote for her.
State Committee for Family, Women  Childoctorn considers adoption procedure in ...
Azerbaijan Business Center
Happy Get Wasted Day to my Brotha from anotha
had Dom for breakfast.
Thought of u and your penchant for classy doctornk.
When you have an artistic project,no matter how long it takes,you have to see your songs in real, in the universe.
U deserve it.
Im alergic to the sun
I hate being on my  man .
I know, I know!
Haha I don't get on here enough!
ooouu bby 3
Whoops!
I didn't even notice that.
Predicting the future now, eh?
Start wherever you are and start small
I get lots of Fun Failure playing Words With Friends...so I must be very resilient.
UI seems much more streamlined, I'm liking it.
SMH  people using a headset and still holding their phone up to their mouth...
Le Ninja believes in compassion; therefore will extend you shipping compassion on order of 50 or more.
I said nothing.
Two hours later, I naturally thought of the perfect response...
doubt that you'll read this but if you do You Rock!!!
yeah yeah :
Watching Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe on PBS.
And writing.
Have fun!
RT : At 1 p.m.
today, UNM classes  noncritical departments will be closed for the rest of the day.
Updates: 277SNOW.
Another night of tossing and turning :
well that's going to become a national story sooner rather than later.
So happy I get a date for prom!
Thank you God!
Oops, June 8th is my MLIS anniversary!
How do I know that?
it was also the day of my 1st tweet, which had nothing to do w/ getting my degree
the only thing more exciting than this shower I'm about to take is what I'm doing afterward.
mister Brown and math.
Still a better love story than Twilight.
hell yeah!!!
Wouldn't mind spring break in Fiji for the blue skies, clear water and lack of effort needed to stay afloat in water

Whoa...
whoa...
whoa.
Do I smell a WizardofOz theme brewing?
:
:D I missed you during aerobics today!
What!
Cool, Blanchet.
Visit SwagMyVideo.com N Check out a Few Videos We Shot In NYC.
Full Site Coming Soon...Stay Blessed
Thats a great photo!
MyFavoriteCodySongIs crazy but true 
The ugliest think they're the cutest...
Day 2  Prom doctorss shopping.
Crazy stuff.
somebody go buy me more hershey's kisses :
lol surprised I wasn't included in this...
Unsure of details but could have the potential to be lucrative.
Looking forward to seeing the exclusive content provided.
Happy damn birthday to
COME OUTSIDE IT'S COLD D:
You so crazy...
oh, and thanks for making me picture that during lunch.
FT: Like to show standardized video to convey info.
Eliminates need to repeat  ensures consistency.
Play game  end test knowledge
checked the weather forecast4Williston ND when I will b there 4 a week March 28thApril 3rd,it's going 2 snow,my butt will be frozen!
bhahaha, he will have to befriend some new Gordon millennials.
There is no salary cap in baseball so the money argument is pointless.
Again, who would they have replaced that  with?
hey did you findout if anyone wants to buy a ticket?
Most people: lazy Sunday.
Me: Lol lazy Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
Happy Birthday!
Hope it's great!
Open communities are best with user generated content  every post deserves a response
today, i become mister Nowhere man!
you can listen to it live on 1620theZone.com
chess a thinking man game i always incorporate it with basketball you gotta be able to read your opponent counter his moves
All I have, all I need, he's the air I would kill to breathe amazing song by Sara Bareilles  I loves!
Omfg....
He's here...
It's fucking awkward.
Babson women are ranked 5 in the national women's poll.
Case can be made for 1 if Amherst slips.
Anyone out there have any dealings with the TNRoofingprofessorssionals or MSRoofingprofessorssionals in TN or MS areas?
But it looks so healthy!?....I kid, I kid, lol!
My shortcut home tacked on an extra hour of doctorving.
I've learned there's no avoiding pdx traffic.
Hi guys:3
Thank you doctor King for your doctoram!
Air  Space Museum!
Wish you were here!
Blowing out WiredFest2012 tix at Hammerheads on Cottman Ave!
It's Packed w/
just finished The Nicest Kid by !
EXCELLENT work; highly recommend for Intro class to Grad Seminars.
Poor kiddo.
Jenna's missing her friends, too.
She wanted to go back to school tomorrow.
Oh no...
I apparently also say library.
General observation: Strippers get really upset when you ask them about other strippers.
I became friends with the singer and bass player
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge to save power.
Enable the consumers.
15th  Wells...wind...wind...go away.
See ya'  11:30 hey.
It's Presidents Day but that doesn't stop us coworking diehards Ditch the masses at the coffee shops  join us for the day!
Don't misunderstand me: this 1 question: Why is FOX offering me Sally Kohn?
Is it for my benefit?...for their image?
Not freaking out.
Why?
I like the Peanuts, Snoopy  Chuck.
I really like this quote too....
Happiness is anyone and anything that's loved by you.
Charlie Brown
I pray for her every night that's all I can do :/
i love you lady gaga,please follow in my twitter,please,i love you,I'm your fan!
thank you very much!!
FlymetoLondon so I can flip my hair and overwhelm One Direction.
Depends on what you're studying.
You can love it and hate it with equal passion.
What is your present interest?
Bunch: culturalmuseums dont need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
Lets see how this Bedard guy does, then we can talk shit about him if we want
RT : I Hate big ass striped scarves
doctormaticMAHOMIES lmfao.
You really think is going to like you of you turn something small into WW3?
HAH
Talked to my crush today for a long time....
I'm surprised by how much he remembers about me 3
Lol.
are you not having fun?!
So many mistake mentions for Kendall lol I'm stealing all your mentions ;3
that just infuriates me.....
Does anybody want to tell these people on campaigns who say I'm here for freedom that they are free already?
Austinites beware: some bars are charging SXSW prices for doctornks.
I'm looking at you
Make sure all your sites link to one another  website, blog, twitter, etc.
Keep people with your brand longer
super small!
well so great to reconnect!
just read your interview congrats!
Next time you're in LA we should meet!
I listen to all your music for a beast ass workout whew!
great refresh to the UI today!
Really enjoying it!
just did
sweet!
no, this place called la dijonaise in the helms building!
Hello all!
Excited to be here :
I just realized all of my professorssors for next semester are in this room
I am now the proud owner of a new kitchen table, a 4 dollar microwave, and a giant whiteboard.
What a great showcase of milwaukee music last night.
Thankyou jeffrey and uncle lee
I'd like to send out a very special Happy Birthday to my girl, May all your wishes come true this year, and more!
3
Having Vagina means you have heart problems  McKenna Mitchell, Age 8
Taco Bell Dorito Taco.
So much better than I could have doctoramt.
dotitoslocostaco tacobell JO
Lmao I'm just speaking what I feel is the truth.
He could rap but he's a fake thug.
Lol
Did u send me a DM?
If not someone hacked ur acct.
Lots of fun...congrats on a great job.
Thanks for having me.
yes we have sold many thousands of Vivotek cameras.
we find defect rates less than .005 
Q10: European winter retreat fit for Santa and his elves?
Target after t ball was a big mistake.
Dumb ppl must wake up later
cause...
A reason lol, when we gonna go to your house and play Kinect again?
Lol
LOVE seeing u here!
Happy Mother's Day...
xo.
:
Thanks!
If you can, come on down to Nemo's tomorrow night.
Expecting a few hundoctord Tigers fans
I've been one of Bogues' biggest fans, but it's hard not to LOVE this trade
he was probably on shrooms xD
off to see DarkShadows in IMAX at the Franklin Institute.
I want tales of graces f, xenoblade chronicles, dark souls, arkham asylum, and monster hunter...
Plus I want a new amp  new contacts 
Real shit lol dfisher would have made that shot that blake so conveniently lost
When I started nobody liked the way I played.
That was what I wanted to play but they weren't ready for it.
Then James Brown came to town.
just had to explain to dad how to
It kinda should be more todo oriented.
Listening to B side of U2's Unforgettable Fire on vinyl...Bad is still one of my alltime favorites
Zac brown band is awesome!!
I am dead serious man lol I am so looking forward to soju with samgyupsal!
lol
consider: promotion is necessary for spreading word about what God is doing, so that you can point them to Him.
Bitch, you don't know my life!
Me, me, me!!
// creating our first YBP Newsletter for
Pretty sure I had homework over break..
Good thing idgaf either way!
Cooler temps for the weekend with rain rolling in this afternoon/tonight extending into Sunday.
Highs in the mid 50's today
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great day!
thanks for the suggestions.
We'll aim for at least one  have a favorite?
Idea of a 2012 Happy Mix was what prompted my tweet!
Using Spotify is a great idea!
I have 2008 as an iTunes playlist...
follow me?
I'll give you pickles.
Having a great time at the Las Vegas Beauty Show!
watching So you think you can Dance..
anyone know this twitch guy?
Toxic people tend to infect good people sick with their doctorma.
RT RT if you're coming to see Matt Paxton tomorrow night!
Simplifying digital preservation does not mean 'dumbing down' info.
Haha I think my English teacher hates me now
you're such a little shit!
Coming home this weekend, wrigley friday?
campus is starting to come back to life!
orientation backtoschool wheredidmysummergo?
Alright so I am really happy with this game.
I asked for a competitive game, with the conclusion being the Thunder win!
I'm satisfied...
Lyon: I have other approaches to identification, but I'm trying not to muddy the water.
we love your laugh!
: haha it reminds me of my little cousin's...
but at least it's cute!
Just preordered One Direction up all night live concert yay!
I am haveing the best day of my life!!!
:
: still trying to figure out who the hell was texting me the other night.
God pease don't let it be me doctornk texting again!
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that the group secretly hates, and if your group doesnt its probably you.
haha
'09 Cuspis Crianza from Priorat is my current go to of choice!
It is savory, complex  the nose makes me want to pour it over pancakes!
Book your room at the SpringHill Suites for New Years!
Home is just an elevator away from your night out on the town!
www.marriott.com/chinr
everybody wants to be a cat
Thank you!
We're stoked!
RT : Great presentation of at , Congrats 
Cant Wait!
lol oh yeah
I bet it was a dude!
Lake Station with Sara.
Wore high heels to my brother's author gallery and everyone thought I was his mom.
I have no idea.
why?
Chase Rettig not a smart QB.
How can you take 5 yard sack there?
Van Halen in a WEEK!
Yaaaaay I got a jump...
I love my neighbors
I literally am in tears.
Not again.
At the Brewers game, without smartphone.
CardinalsCubs score anybody?
trying to read impossible by nancy werlin for a literature circle
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
Albert Camus
Thank you, GoldenGlobes, for reminding me how clearly uncultured I am with my tv and movie selections.
Perfect thank you!
I'm at Pour House.
You coming?
I hate it when people doctorp plans for a stupid reason.
They did their part.
And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.
Matthew 28:20
Good morning......Life is Gods novel.
Let him write it.
Sometimes the things we say out of anger are the things we always wanted to say........
My little brother is such a procrastinator.
I don't know where he gets it from  lol.
Visitors aren't wearing museum staff uniform or using museum twitter handle.
Their opinions don't reflect museum
Ok, show me something!
I don't buy or sell anything!
Just here to enjoy and RT the ones that strike my fancy!!
Have a good day
rocks!
Thank you from BLVDS!
Had an amazing weekend and day with my love and got the most amazing gradation gift from her onehappyboyfriend Iove you baby 
Today is the first day I've done work in about a month 
them boys are bangin!
14 more days in i will be back home in Detroit :
Lmao RT This dude said Bosh sprained his clit.
I'm outtttie.
Just made some CDs for the 12 hour doctorve on Friday
: thanks : that wood looks beautiful!!
It's an old reclaimed buffet.
Looks AMAZING.
YUP !!
email me to pick a day
And all the clerks must have just woke up too.
They're cranky!
Pooping and Punk.
Always a good combination.
I can't even believe we're gonna do this whole communion without baptism thing next.
Im buying lunch for the interns today...they dont know it yet!!
What should I get?
Pizza?
Burgers?
Nothing?
Just lunch for me?
Why is following me?
I'm into it.
I'll follow back.
iight im hgone slide up there
I believe this is the part where I clear my throat and nudge
This is why I need my licensea car.I wanna go to Arlington so bad now.meeeehhh
the box design was the tipping point
thank you m'lady.
now when r we having doctornks???
Not that anyone will ever complain about a politician's brevity.
But 6 sentences is better than none!
Enjoying the rooftop deck !
Congrats on BIG win tonight in Florida!!
, Go get them Gators tomorrow
YES!
Where r u located!
high school?
no I don't think.
Thanks, for loving our packaging!
We would like to talk about marketing sometime.
Another Reason I Dig : Is life about the journey, or the people on the journey with you?
I vote people.
Theres no way I can pay ya back, but my plan is to show ya that I understand.
I'll find what I am looking for someday.
doctoramchasers 2 on repeat all day.
They do it just cause I'm friends with you.
Tell me tomorrow :
i know isnt it i love that vidieo it it so touching
I stand corrected
woohoo!!!
Let's celebrate by staying in and watching a movie!!!
Ordered a brew kit, signed up for beekeeping classes, and made animated gifs of babies for my coworker.
Hard at work, probviously.
This is gonna be a sore morning but I need to get up and GO!!
On the way to the gym right now .
Being stuck on the air conditioned bus going nowhere fast.
Is better than being stuck in the heat.
Alex love me still not u
dear me, let us be elegant or die!
Little Women by Louisa May Alcott, words to live by: lol
I love it that Castle screams like a little girl.
Omg!
Nicest cab doctorver ever!!!
And fast
maybe ask bolly shlumper.
I bet she'd say no.
Hmm what should I do with my time..
Cute boy?
Or couch?
I get more compliments on these clearance boots from Sears than any others I've got!
Proof it ain't what ya spend, it's how ya rock it!
The worst part of my day was trying to decide what pandora station to listen to
i had the most cutest evening ever.
3
YES!
You just made my day!
TO EACH'S OWN..WE WASN'T PUT HERE TO BE LiKE EVERYBODY ELSE...
Just got back from the Pitt game in Denver, Did the Pens win?
haha Omg, u almost gave me a serious heartattack lol!
I thought it was the actual Niall Horan that followed me, thanx u tho!:D
it is correct because with is a preposition and so if you took out alex it would be with me and not with I
Question of the day: What's your favorite board game?
Next step for Peyton Manning is being a back up quarterback for his younger brother in NY
Christine Borgman on big data: Give it to the library, is NOT a data management plan.
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day
I'm going on Friday
Tramp stamps are like QR codes for people.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 3354 calories!
on 4/20/12 at 2:04 PM
I know he's lame!
It ain't the same!
Switched up from Lil Wayne to Sorry game.
So tired.
Having a photo of waffles on my iPhone background is def.
NOT helping while hungry and still at work.
My bed is cold!
:
no.
i noticed a little blip at hatcher.
i just went over to union, and power there had just come back on.
TONIGHT Going out: 2am club concert with Colls.
Press Club.
Making moves via
Getting Tats with no headphones is suicide lol
The Website is looking great and we are gearing up for a big launch on September 1st....
You'll see it.
My dad calls it pisspoor performance too!
Also, a halfass job.
eisummit Not the performance level our country needs to sustain success.
There should be a new video up on the YouTube channel within a few days.
Stay tuned :.
awesome photos
congrats to the pius soccer teams!
Thoughts of World Series year when I attended SF home opener against the Braves with my son.
Go Giants!
yeah i do but i don't think he wants me giving out his number like that so ima tell him tomorrow and get back to you fam
I totally wore a pair to work out today.
I'm already smiling:
A simple and beautiful statement: www.apple.com simply states Steve Jobs 19552011.
I have a teacher who would love to start using the tool!
Is there someone I can talk to w questions?
just received newsletter and thanks for reminding me to do my self care.
I've been tired from pushing but feel can't
check out the Hallenbrick Brewery open mic tomorrow in Albuq, if you're hanging in NM for awhile!
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Nice link Ian.
Thanks for sharing!
LatinAmericaLoves1Direction :o me too :p Love One direction
parents had their chance to live life  make decisions for themselves...now it's my turn.
stop trying to control me .
Glad I get to spend all morning with my little lady on mothers day :
So who wants Eastern Shore SoftShells?
Cause we got em on a sandwich w/ramp remoulade, a slaw of mango and cabbage and salad for 16!!!!
Hungry kids not cute.
nope, shows your organized ...
or have OCD lol.
Fuck!
Left my glasses home :/
I feel like a geek right now....
Can't wait for the AllStar Game
I Wont Run From You, But You Can Still Be, Bloody Mary!
Thanks for your support!
I love the Milwaukee airport...
Live piano player from local college  a used book store!
But failure is not an option.
Bronchitis.
Explains a lot, but means I will have relief soon with meds.
Watching 2 'twits' w/ opposing hockey playbyplay smirk
we're so glad you think so, if you could spread the word that'd be fantastic!
whenever u ready u in da NY ?
POOF!!!!
It's true.
That little green goat is taking a vacation until next spring.
Awkwardly sitting outside the weight room.
Two freshmen sitting across from me playing games on their laptops.
:D
it would be a critical error...
If need the tag, use it on Wells...
Carlos Pena follow me !!
.
Wind Gap rules!
Harvest in Oct/Nov  13 abv!?

You NEVER have to chase what's yours.
If you stay in YOUR lane, what's yours will chase YOU!
Thanks for the klouts Greg!!
Wait, what?
Home brewing is illegal in AL?
That's hilarious!
RT House passes homebrew bill 4433.
This weather feels so good,camo shorts and ray bans weather
Also, ads that play on trailers on YouTube.
They're already ADS!
Tomorrow is the day!!!
12p5p BIG bridal event at Sephora Union Square NYC.
lots of vendors.
Superior makeup artists.
Come see me
why would you name your child ingrid.
sounds like a type of foot fungus.
Holy cow!!
orioles I'm nervous....
I promise you that life can be beautiful, all I am asking is that you choose life.
Get more people to follow you on twitter by making sure your ordinary updates are anything but.
StuartPaul praised the victims for their service, thanked nearby parish for help.
There will be a service here at St.
Peter's tonight at 6
The most insecure people ALWAYS try to make other look bad smh sad sad thing.
Happy Birthday Love 3 hope you enjoy :
yep no problem :
sure is
I think that everyone knows august rush is my favorite movie.
My eyebrows?!
I don't shape, just clean.
Otherwise I'd look like a legit terrorist.
They get crazy.
Wife is gettin me a Harley!!
The real deal Harley!!
please swing by at b2bexpo and grab a bite  say hello!
I'm interested in taking the class  your PPC class was solid.
Are there still seats available?
I really love your peaches, wanna shake your trees
Thx for being a shining reflection of aldo leopold
morning, punk.
Now listening to doctor Durie discuss advances in treatment options for multiple
She really a beast wit it doe
thank you!
and good night to you!!
Yep!
They're trying a little too hard, me thinks.
who's going to go see frightnight i know i am
I hate it when you're not around.
And the fact that you didn't call.
But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you.
Almost 3500 people have called their Senators to saveservice.
Are you one of them?
There's still time to call 18558773783
I was just thinking the same thing....
Hell what can we make up about other dead celebs to make ourselves a buck.
Good morning
Ha good!
: I'm just kidding!:
Favorite quote of the day Guns get as complicated as campaign financing
what does wombo my trombo mean
No matter how many times you push the up button for the elevator that I have already pushed, lady, it won't make it come faster.
If we were meant to fly, we had have propellers on our heads or jet engines on our backs.
11:03 in my mile run.
oh well
If Twitter breaks tonight, please note, it is probably because I am refreshing my Marlins Twitter list every 0.25 seconds
Thanks to and for recent poetry retweets!
WOW!!
The difference in a legal dispute's outcome really does depend in LARGE part on the attorney retained.
Get a good attorney!!!!
I would say Miss is super amazing!
i haven't had guests yet on my show, but open to it.
FA ALL WHO DON'T KNO U NEED 2 CK OUT KRINO'S GRAND DECEPTION ON YOUTUBE.
1 OF THE REALIST SONGS EVER!!!!
KILLUMINATI!!!!
TRUE SHIT!!!!
This girl is making up a song about chips.
Original.
Money money money..legit thats what runs this world !
Shoutiut to for being my 1OOO follower!
Cant got to do mine
Yes it's possible.
What's your condition based on?
Today I am showing a home to the Hattfield's that the McCoy's have listed!
When people carry around their car keys because they think it makes them look cool.
Just no.
I just suggested The Hortise and the Tare to a customer in the childoctorn's section.
I was testing to see if they were really listening
X tweet tweet
Fck it got my b my wine getting the jacuzzi nice n hot :
NBY HumpDay Destination: Let brighten up this gloomy day  enjoy their latenight happy hour
It feels a lot better walking back to the house knowing that you have done all you can do to prepare.
Let's just hope it pays off.
Post your experience at Madison No Fear Dentistry on our facebook page.
We'd love to hear from you!
lol So what!!
Why do you keep saying that?
Chris Mann singing Josh Grobin: I think I just heard puking in the other room..
Lol
7 days to I'm outta this place
I've always wanted to be a NBA player, so I could have enough confidence to wear shorts in front of a lot of people.
I can't wait to see the look on my nephew's face when he finds out Unc put his lil toy together.
we have our brand new summer menu that just debuted!
Welcome back!
We missed you!
bro send me EVERY slow song youve recorded so far finna start gettin S.W.A.G together
love the phrase weird librarydoctor, from Make public library post
oooohhhhh, nice!
Well enjoy your day off, see u Sat!
RT : I had a doctoram: I was doctorving a Fiat in my DavidBeckham underwear off the deck of a Battleship w/ a Coke in my hand
Walk on the plane, listening to usher.
Funny when you make eye contact with a pretty girl then one catches you that isn't so much
Let's go jayhawks.
What to do for NYE ?
Responsibility upheld with
Got our releases!
's/McMurray's itsnotyouitsme making the afternoon all loopy.
keep the faith my friend.
You never know what will happen.
:
Eating some yummy chicken parm and learning a little more about Twitter's capabilities.
How have you started using it?
In your business?
In this corner, The Rock's Smackaroni Salad vs.
Chyna's Guacamole.
if everything that Billy Beane does with the A's is wrong, then the opposite would be right.
Time to trade Gio and Bailey!
Welcome to the 21st century, Chris :
At work / bulky mornings, more layers, remove then as the day warms up.
I swim three hours a day and now, I'm built like a brick shit house.
I like everything about you, nice smile pretty eyes.
i want you to be happy at the same time all i want is to be wit you.
You got me trippin
Okay.
so maybe I DIDN'T attempt to trip you today.
It's not that you SCARE me or anything..
psh..
Im just..
sick..tired.
yanno.
I love you and your band, I know you probably won't read this, but I wanted to let you know.
3
More than 50 people, most of them for medical marijuana, urge SD City Council to rescind tough restrictions on pot shops.
Thanks Tay.
And yea, there is research to suggest that haha
I think they should wait until June.
As fallible humans, we usually slip too far over one edge or the other  all wrath and judgment or all grace and love.
Eric Wilson
But also to suffer for his sake.
Here it is represented as a privilege to suffer in the cause of the Redeemera declaration which may sound
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Oh okay thanks for letting me know:
By the outlet mall?
Yep that was me.
What were you doing there?
Study: Teens getting comprehensive sex ed 60 LESS likely 2 get pregnant/get someone pregnant than teens getting abstinence only/no sex ed.
I love laying in my hammock!
I slept in it when my family went camping lol
I once applied for 3 jobs that I thought were made for me  was crushed when I didn't get callbacks, so I know the feeling.
Wyoming and the over in the Dal/N.O.
game should both get a look today
RT : Dan Taulapapa McMullin speaks to differences between Asian / PI LGBT issues and how we must continue to collab
Yes.
Yes.
And some more yes.
My cat likes to play with my extensions, so I kept one blonde and let him keep it.
:
you the man
Dear , when was that mister T interview?
Amazing.
Why the h are they trying to kill me with these donuts in the lobby as I walk into work?!
That makes sense
follow back.
: xx
I WAS SCREAMIN WELL I CAN'T SCREAM LIKE A GIRL BUT I WAS LIKE SCREAMIN INSIDE AND I WAS JUMPIN KDJHFIUSDFODIF
Thanks Joyce!
I love scheduling out my tweets!
Middleaged men will NOT STOP pointing out wildlife to me!
Whales, baby ducks, oneeyed snakes, etc.
Well said My friend RT : I never make promises that I plan to break.
My word is something that I seriously value.
At Berwyn now on 22, hordes thinning, normal number of boarders, so am assuming trains are indeed running n of that stop
Need coffee.
TGIF
The only boy I see is you 3
Novak discount double check
I Love My Followers , SO To my New Ones
scanner Monitor: Accident at Hampden and Parker.
i dont know you were telling me about that yesterday :p
Good luck to Sylvester Ritter's Fayetteville State Broncos as they start the season against UNCPembroke tomorrow!
Hey Hon, Glad to see you here!
welcome to twitter nation!
Gotta get booty major on here now!
I'm hoping for Look, LIfe, and the Saturday Evening Post.
lover's spat in denver between  i side w/ Quinn.
he's a Cbus boy,  he'd rather pray in secret
this day can not go on for any longer.
The humpty dance.
Sounds good!
Congrats on the interest!!!
Will you change the title since it was used in a film recently?
Online registration for RITBrickCity closes next Mon, Oct 3rd.
Get your tickets now at www.rit.edu/brickcity
I hope the Fox News mole is Shep Smith.
do you misplace your keys, glasses, cell phone, shoes, money, hair accessories  earrings as much as i do?
Lazy day.
Time for work :
7067616416 text me:
Never say goodbye bc saying goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting peter pan
tie your shoes bitches.
always trippin.
Worst power play ever.
Thanks to  I just got 100 of my wedding stationery for 83!
Someone please tell the landscapers that I still want to be ASLEEP...PLEASE
fix urs Bitch , ugh
So many events I'm tryna hit 2nite...but where do I start???
apparently in the extreme minority for thinking the words of the US Attorney General are more significant than those of a shock jock...
True..
bigger question is whether or not I will make it to the gym tonight.
lol
Looking forward to exploring your unique services.
Please let me know if we can be of service to you too!
Linda :o
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander39;s Fall/Winter 2012 Collection Focuses on the Geometric ...
was also called JLoad at UK
Can't believe it's been a year.
Miss you and love you Nana
She said she goin be eating dicks and apples all summer!!!
Just found out my Boxes were originally Foxes.
I even have a FOX who married a SLY.
Not kidding!
: TeresaY
stfu I was everywhere all of the time and you were being lame 24/7.
The countdown begins: THREE WEEKS until opening night of FROST NIXON w buy your tix before it sells out!
Wonder why the people that advertise getting 2000 followers on twitter in 24hrs only have 10 followers???
yes please!!
What is this party you speak of?!!
All this morning, it shall be English Premier League watching/scorewatching.
Can United keep City off their back?
Can Newcastle get to UCL?
I painted my nails blue last night for the first time since we went to icon:'
oh ok like jsut by mentioning eachother???
A watched backup never restores.
thanks for following
Interesting concept from Ayurvedic medicine is that there r only 2 diseasesexcess  lackseems true for discontent as well.
Thanks for featuring us on GivCauseLive TheGivingNetwork, !
we're looking forward to working together more in the future
teach me how to jerk :D
just pretend there are a dozen little girls hairbrush signing with you.
I spent hours singing Gypsys,Tramps Theives with you in 1971
dad , try and try!
Haha lol
So sorry to hear it's been difficult.
:
I'm super excited about my new projects in the works!
Next up: Music Video
I hope everyone has enjoyed their Thanksgiving!!!
OKEY.
I WAS ABOUT TO ASK THAT TOO.
Thanks for facebooking about libchat.
Now I'm hooked...
always some shit going on in this house i'm not surprised
I like it too!
Because my work is closed for part of it ;
I'm 43.
Kids today have more choices than when I grew up.
There's more competition for their attention.
That's a part of it.
RAYRAY LIVES!!
cc:
hey where are you guys in NYC?
YOU SHOULD CME OVER FOR DINNER3 LOVE AND MISS YALLLLL 
Wine is fine but whiskeys quicker.
Hah sorry, I meant bicycle.
I won the war though you should've seen the other guy
i know right!!
Haha :
I'm starting a diet today.
Wish me luck :
I Seriously Appreciate That Ma Dude
Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea
I'm finna finish this cheesecake tho
Anything For you Mother Monster!:
we got some shit to accomplish !!!!!
Importing a keynote file into powerpoint and it just uglies it up.
THANKS MICROSOFT.
Would love to see it after your presentation.
Will you post it and let us know?
Cheers...
Rob
I don't like many network shows.
And the ones I do like are usually comedies.
But I'm really enjoying Scandal.
Congratulations!
Very deserving.
When I go back home  make it to a game w/ my daughters I'll try to say hi.
I'm so happy for you.
it's 5 and I've been in bed since 1:30 guess its time to give up on my hope to sleep.
Watch an episode, then grind and shine

thank you for the mention!
I heard about this.
Ugh, fine.
Texting you and I ask  How was Yo day and u say K , ....um bye
I'm going in wit a open mind its just a lesson learned  open minded
RT : Amazon USA 1162876 House Cleaning Tips: How to Clean and Declutter Your Home Fast 8.57: Sherrie Le Masurier.
D......
RIP Davy Jones...The world will miss you.
3
hey thanks for the follow I believe I may have met you guys at warped stl last summer.
Would you guys like some shirts?
I actually hadn't hear of pinterest, it looks interesting  fun though!
Today's forecast.
Definite  web 2.0 workshop this morning.
Hope for  Nova over Pitt tonight.
Legal Studies and Business: I have not yet begun to fight.
Oh captainin, oh captainin!
have you figured anything out yet
Sound advice.
RT : Never just walk around with your peener out.
It's dangerous.
Someone could whip it off with a towel, you guys.
i want those redbottom spikes :
When I first watched it I was really put off by the production quality, but it's a really great show once I got used to it.
Manning never had a receiver like DT.
He's got a better overall receiving corps than in Indy.
Decker better than u think
won't be up for the Newcastle game, will be up for ours and hope we do have something to play for..
: RT : Congrats, Inspiration Corporation!
You guys rock!
You did dat.
Luv da song my young brother.
You know younger's is following you gotta give dem dat positive real ass shit
thank you all so much for the Follow Fridays!
there's a taser at this party...
things are going to get ugly
Is it Saturday yet?
George Electric Kottaras!!!!
Woo!
: Thanks so much!
No more kids for me
I think my bestfriend still doesn't believe that I changed my ways, lmao .
When you know it's time, breathe deeply and move toward your fear
A little late on this, but I can now do FaceTime with my iPhone  yay!
I like him too but I am pulling for the underdog!
L'ville is definitely the underdog.
Barkley says only the Raptors can beat UK
In other news, I just saw some guy on an infomercial make the juiciest chicken is under 30 minutes.
His parents must be so proud.
Big Fish is a grossly underrated movie
Elated by Roy Dotrice's cameo on tonight's
Well shit, why didn't I fill up my gas tank yesterday
What's your prescription for a sore back?
Please share!
far more complicated to let it all pile up!
enjoy the sweet tea!
great gig at made wit love today.
thx for playing ;
other people make it so easy
yo you got my email right?
The Time Travelers Wife3
Just saw Beach House in concert.
Eat your heart out.
I just realized can run really fast.
He high fived Chorizo!
That awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself.
For sure.
Keep spreading the word about what we're trying to do
But isnt Z a MOT?
MT : FB now wants me to add yellow stars to my friends' professorles.
You know who else put yellow stars on things?
but you're too busy?
I'm following via shade 45
So more blessed to have the amazing mother I do
Hey Keno, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
Mark Espinoza from encourages 3000 students.
You are our future.
Walmart is excited to be a part of SLS2012 launch.
And while I'm chillin I'm seeing dumb niggas chasing dumb hoes looking for love.
If you be patient they'll come but no ones patient anymore.
One hour till Pennsylvania polls close.
Did you vote yet?
I'm swellington!
: how are youu?
: that would be hell that would be a night mare.
Bad spellers of the world untie!
and why is that?
:/
let me see!
That sounds like my absolute worst nightmare.
My short answer is yes.
what it bro
Lucia Pinochet swears they found all the  her father stole
protopeeps what's up
omg so jealous.
I always wanted to be on that show.
Congrats dude.
do u know what day?
lol...at least you'll die doing something fun?!
you'll be closer to God...look at it that way!
ha
: EAT SOME FUCKING CARBS and get back to me when your brain works again.
Ragin' Shrimp in Nob Hill is so super delicious and way better than Pappadeaux any day...oh, and way less expensive.
S.I.N.G.L.E S.orry, I.m N.ot G.iving L.osers E.nergy.Sorry, i made the mistake once.
Im waiting for that 'right' one.
Bye everyone
i never go there
: The Mariners WIN AGAIN!!!
I Love Spring Training!!!
We are excited for baseball season!
Although there are many trial marriages...
there is no such thing as a trial child.
Gail Sheehy
Don't make me smoke up all your Kush, don't make me pop your cheap ass pills..
I use to do this for the thrill
I love Tom Jones!
I saw him live at the Celebrity years ago.
He is so sexy!
Open!!!!
RT : Behind the Music Aaliyah comes on, on Thursday!
VH1
Get your fiddle out of my face freak!
It's been a damn good day!
Liv, that's just gorgeous!!!
do you want the dirty version/instrumental/acapella dj pack for my hiphop recording artist precise single it's on me
I thought that was going to be a pic of a Navy laser gun lol!
All about productivity!
: can't afford wifi in the sky!
It's lunch time.
I could go for a slice of pizza from Via Napoli at Epcot right about now.
How about you?
Only for the privileged account holders.
Raibon Radio reaching out Sydney.
Love to have you on!
Hit me!
Any Wed in April.
I Can Tell You Been Practicinq doctorke !
Where's my punctuation disappearing to?
OCLC survey: 25 of special collections include multiple sites / service locations / departments
You have made me happy.
Was gonna give up on twitter but I will stick around for better tomorrows and ppl I may relate to.
Thx.
I love when it's Wednesday.!
Because it's all downhill from here.
five women performing on stage...
Very manly  enjoy the show
Video: Ray J's Brother Reacts To The Fight With Fabolous!
I Believe Fab More Than My Own Brother  Thinks Its doctorgs Gettin 2 Him
had the best day with you.
just found out Brett has a basketball tourney this weekend.
starts Friday night....love the advance notice glad I did not have big plans!
just fell off my bed.
news The silent movie The Artist wins at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards
Like Us on facebook too and check out our Marijuana Tees and some amazing 420 art
It is!
RT : Is this going to be a recurring column?
A large group attending SD environmental mayoral debate on Earth Day tomorrow.
Wondering who understands SD h2o issues.
im pregnant, its yours.
But don't tell me you liked Angles.
Im free on saturday hit me up 4145811818 and ill let u know a time RT when can we meet up n discuss business
Im surprised Allstate hasn
Can't forget Cupid.
Of course.
Pssst.
This one's a hot date.
I smell a connection.
ill b ya slave lol
I am beyond high, I am lifted...
All the Madonna haters need to chillax.
Madonna deserved to win last night her film is brilliant!
What do you expect????
Pure gold.
Any logo artist hit me up i need a new logo ASAP!!!!!!
great meeting you tonight :
Youre not a shooter, why yhe hell you taking shots homie?
Ms Jeske, you are so fabulous.
You know that, right?
Looking for a Columbus, OH area tech writer to create troubleshooting guides for field service techs.
Call 1.847.631.1299 or
the problem with moving into an office but not taking over the former occupant's position is you get calls for said person.
all.
the.
time.
Is it too late to do the tutorial?
I had a feeling I may have waited too long
YAY NOW YOU ARE: LOVE YOU SEXY; KEN
it's gonna be too much fun!
Tragic.
the assistant that was killed had just gotten married and had a new baby.
Congrats UL, welcome to the Final 4
WorstRapLineEver um all of them.
8flavaz is bad ass girl group
you both look so cute together
not yet, but it takes a while.
Working full time and trying to launch a business is very hard.
I'm just moving forward ...
you'll be the first PR I call.
You'll be my Ari Gold.
: Hello LA.
U r pretty // Welcome back!!
no.
Tijuan had them.
He gave them to me tonight.
yeah for sure!
Love pingbacks
let's just go saturday
I heard that its a psychological thing, cows do it to each other when they are in heat, farmers know when to service them
At Luche Libre in Latin Quarter.
Can't tell if this place is cool or a swinger's bar...or both?
That's some Beetlejuice type stuff right there.
I know why you love Kendoctorck, but does that same analysis apply to Aybar?
Can't he be Andoctors 10 rounds later?
Ready for inspiration at socialgood in NYC.
Today's line up is Ted Turner, founder of idealist Ami Dar, Do Something, USAID, and UNF.
RT : aren't they great?
Need to get a fresh pedi so I can rock them!
asks Aren't you showered with poorly written works?
Joseph Sanchez responds Yup...you don't buy it
what happened?
:
Big congrats to and the entire team at The War Room TV.
Job well done on a great debut last night.
MY LIL BRO SAID HE WOULDN'T WEAR ROBIN JEANS
Can I be your bestie!!!!:D
RT : YO will be performing TONIGHT at Bengals  Bandits on Highland  Chimes for 10pm SEE YOU THERE!
But...
Wisconsin was awesome too.
Because I was there :P 3 You guys rockk
Good god how many commercials are they going to show.
Andy Lee has is not championship caliber, Sergio would decimate him.
too bad, not catching UFC PPV instead
checking out the rallyforsanity on the tube.
Back in the W's with a 41 slate but most importantly a 10 conference record.
Rams are blessed to be 561 at home in the last 3 years !
so true!!
hope you are doing great!
Been a long timesince we did the broadcasts in Greece for Olympics!!
What a blast!
I use to give a fuck I've literally given up, My mama raised 2 sons not a jerk nor a Duck!!YGeeDot underdawg mixtape On the Way!
AW SUCK IT UP SOLDIER LMAOOO
Hey RB  hope you're doing well.Thanks a bunch for RT'ing that anchor doctorg video!
Narcosis Dive Charters  captainVan are the best.
bodied midwest miles, give it up for miles he had sum bars as usual but at the end of the day BODY BAG
WTH Facebook, clicking on a ticker status launches a Huffpo tab in chrome?
u wearing cotton or lace?
I wear lace and im always comfortable
Figured but thought i would ask!
:
bartinis VIP tomorrow around 11 pm.
Feel free to join
Free sneak peek tonight!
first 10 peeps to put names on the list get in free to our come back show Nov 28th  a FREE copy of the new single
Fuck you, text message I just recieved.
Thx for all your support.
Will I see you again this Sunday at Crocker park?
1000 kids succeeding is unforgettable.
:
I agree!
Kevin Love putting up NBA Jams 's!
Haha thanks girl :
hey weasel u need to come to del rio tx.
Small town we need some laughs u can stay at my place.
We got chickens orig and chrispy
I PUT MY SHADES ON N JUS BLOW DA SMOKE OUT....LOUD PACK SHAWTY...SWEAAR YU CANT TOUCH ME!!!....
breaking sports: Former NFL Patriots star Junior Seau is dead of apparent suicide.
Check out our website Link: www.elenacollectionusa.com
when will you come back to Philippines??????!!!!
Congrats Thor!
What a ride!
Good Morning!!!
And I got charged with the 2 cases about 10 months ago
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
27 just followed!
: i LOVE your icon and your website rocks!!!
Aww, thanks.
It's a good cut I think.
at least that's only a semester away!
Also like the this is my director's cut comments, because Ridley Scott has never released a Director's Cut on DVD.
Selfemployed mommas rock!
Your dog looks concerned to lol!
RT : New avi.
RT : I will be on CNBC's tonight with at the 7pm ET hour.
Please tune in!
U didn't walk her to the door did you lol
I'm so glad won the xfactor.
I can't wait to get her album!
strictly for live men not fresh men
All that research in Las Vegas will now pay off!
: White parents sayings: Good morning, time for school ...Black parents sayings: Getcha ass up, don't miss that bus!
Lmao
When I did, it was Fisher.
And if I still did still would be her

also I want to salute the homie for his role as camera op for the Diamond  Loose Screws Video
thanks for the mention.
Claire does awesome work :
happy wednesday carol
This weekend ONLY...Get an additional 10 off your whole purchase in our walk in store by mentioning that you seen us on Twitter.
we out there
Congrats to Kentucky for sticking to their strategy of having physically dominant players at every position
unsure to what extent observing/acting in 0sum games moves us away from the currency of test scores, 
The future started yesterday, and were already late.
John Legend
thank you :
Its 1:06 am  I have school in a few hours : Goidnight
Just ate a flower for 10 bucks!
BW3 s is over rated!
I'm finding SXSW tweets particularly annoying this year for some reason.
Ahh, you're in VA...
knew you were on the east cost.
Yep, gloomy.
And a Monday.
That's just not right.
you sound like you should be riding a horse in Texas smoking a Marb Red
if you go down the street a bit and turn around, she is standing up
I'm working the desk right now in the Business dept.
Stop by  I'll hook ya up w/the best spots to work!
Are we newly popular?
Five inquiries in 24 hours via our contact form; usually it's 1 per week.
Thx for the mention Thx for the follow Please follow my friend  they
i sure do.
I'm not prepared for work today 
I so not feeling school tomorrow
So i listened to your one song and i love it!!!!
you are very talented!
Apparently the date 4/20 has no significance whatsoever.
Because, you know, there is no 420 North American area code.
shopping problems
Definitely best as a team...
Wow, you are not lying!
That was awful!
Smashing Pumpkins show last night was awesome!!
Wish they had played more of their hits though...too many B songs.
Overall, the show rocked
It's been a good weekend.
Just saw a Vending Machine with Yes I Accept Credit Cards And Debit....
Wth...
doctoraming about Adalberto's california burrito and a tall can of beer.
Working on Switchvox integration with Google Analytics for website conversion to phone call tracking.
sorry to burst ur fetus but that hunk doesn't Follow me so that is nearly impossible
think she left me up by myself
Man, that chicken sandwich was so good!
abq nottoosoon tweetsfromlastlunch  Sarah K.
Feeling some way .
right...I swear!!!
Hmm, I don't know about that.
She's gonna be Prime Minister of Japan.
:P
I know how you feel.
I watched CNN w/ Anderson Cooper 6 months ago,  haven't turned the TV on since.
Some parents put chocolate in the milk to get kids to doctornk it...we use coffee.
YG IS COMING FRESH OFF OF HIS PATTY CAKE TOUR AND HITTING SEATTLE PERFORMING TOOT IT AND BOOT IT brought 2 you by
taking 18 people to the temple tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
Praise the Lord God, who is mighty to save all who come to Him.
Oh, you know.
Plus a change.
Glad to hear it!
I do miss London, weather included.
You'll have to plan SD into your next roadtrip.
Best wishes for book 2!
Heading into work scratchthat going fishing stay tuned for pics of the largest fishies ever...
'sup brethren!
Wow.
Great article.
: And very nice photos of your journey.
:
Its funny how people change throught out the years ..
I want a nice cute trade dude to fuck!
Thatll be awesome!
Thanks Chris!
Hey do you want to head up our Tweet Team for the Campaign?
This month marks the 12th anniversary of the Arts Trust license plate joining the special group license plate market in Indiana.
I 3 mine!
the sick new full video from FLOW.
Scotty Lago rips shit up with the whole team on this one.
Retweeting is only for queers.
That being said.
Retweet this if you're a man that's not attracted to other men.
I'm not a joiner, but even I would join the artistatlarge community ...
if I didn't already own it, I gues ...
DIG THIS: a heavy equipment playground for adults!
8883448447 call for rates  directions in the central west.
Sounds fun!!
Why is Chris Webber callin this game?
Doesnt TNT kno he always choked in the playoffs?
At least he cant try  call a TO from the scorers tbl
Sorry.
Was RT : FYI...that twitter page does not exist
lol just made my night thanks OO
Yo, , can't wait to party with you at PXYSJ on 6/12!
when you see your old messages with him and start crying 
Nope, I don't know what this pattern is, There's green black dots on white.
Almost.
I did yell at it as it was trying to head back into the building.
you got the password to the school wifi ?
Steven Slater is my hero!
LMAO talk about a grand exit!
What a way to quit a job.
Classic!!!!
LMAO
SINGLE and LOOKING for my edward!!!!
RT Please i need everyone's help :
Lifes a gift :
Thanks for the mention!
Thx for ur app!
RT Just applied for office manager position at Fingers crossed!
I want to work in a SA office again!
There's too many fat asses out there.
Charles Barkely is a damn fool.
Every day is like a blank canvas waiting to be filled.
Registered already for the doubles tourney!!
Also ran into a dude at the gym that randomly walked up to me and asked, Hey bro  can you hook me up with some juice or blow.
Wow.
Time for the marchforbabies Post Walk Celebration in Victory Village!
i really can not wait to be 16...
or 18.
Hi Jacob i'm your biggest fan, i love u very muchAlex
JazzShow Matt Riley Electric Bass  today Bocci's Cellar 150 Encinal Street Santa Cruz.Full bar/Kitchen/Good Food.
CUThere www.mattriley.net
And yes I'm a teensy bit jealous.
But I'll still have clean clothes and the ability to hear.
And not just that ringing sound.
MOVIE TRAILER: Bourne Legacy  Starring Jeremy Renner 
im scared bro no mames
let's finish the weekend right!!
aw we might be able to arrange that as long as joe gets his studying done lol
lmao dude harsh
thanks!
We've given people like 12 chances to see us this summer, but many never did.
Now we're going to take a break from shows.
Who can live tweet aaasci ??
So many superbowl parties,today go Giants 35/14
We'll take great care of ya!
Again.
Glad you're back!
a
rumors are that Aruspex will announce a strategic partnership with a major research institute next week.
be on the lookout for pr release
go man go
Well I just don't know what to think about today.
re:hospital bag, all I can rmber is glasses, lip balm, socks.
Took soothing CD's, but didn't even hear them.
Ah!
I love that feeling when I wash my face.
Got seven messages 1st block they were all from twitter..
I seriously have no friends
Also a fan of Nattinas Bank.
We're not sure about Gwadway, but Nattinas, YES.
I need Starbucks fix too, I have been good though, I've steered away from syrups.
Running on regular now.
Fondest Regards
I already have one , sorry :/
ToolBank Enjoying the ToolBank Summit Dinner.
Nick Costides, our Board President, delivered an inspiring talk.
ToolBank.org
Awesome, doooooode thanks..
Have a great weekend!
Whale whale whale what do we have here?
Thanks!
I've had that icon since I started on twitter and you are the first person to recognize it.
Makes it all worthwhile
Gooodnigght This Time 3 Don't Let Those Tweets Bite Yall :  PAUSEE That Sounded Corny .
Rep.
Norm Dicks, DWash., announces his retirement.
sure Reagan was good in our lifetime, but is mediocre if you compare him to say Jefferson.
Grace....going to need a lot to do.
Trying not to crack up on the platform.
:

It'll all be over soon.
Just let it happen.
Eventually you won't even feel the pain anymore.
Now you wanna talk about serenity???
After you had tits as your avi?!?!
Yupp...
Serenity  RT SERENITY!!!
Thanks for sharing  did you go to the Ulta opening?
Happy Mother's Day from all of us
Though I understand the Church's power in persecution,I see secularism as a great opportunity for the Church to grow  be strong
: RT : Happy mothers day moms!
I love you
is gonna love my new username ..
Said the guy who bought it for me
Yes!
RT I like vision of school as lifelong learning community for all  students, tchrs  parents
sweet thanks 
LMAO!
Best way to start the Spurs game...watching the Mavericks get swept!
Hahaha!
Goodbye losers!!
Hoping everyone is staying cool in the States!
Sending breezes to all chilling in the Sun!
Everyone have a awesome day!
lawlz...
Introducktion was such a joke.
I got sick and barely went to any of it.
say hi to chuck for me.
Am so glad its u and not me.
how about them giants baby xoxoxo
wouldnt this be a unilateral move?
What would be the benefit to Q?
Sublime is so chill.
Omg CeeLo's shirt...
No Problems  Amazing.
community classes and fun things all weekend!
Starting Thursday!
:
Good Morning...swing by today and say hello to your fellow Farmers!
I want my life to resemble your music video for Oblivion.
Parenthood never fails to make me cry.
NBC cannot cancel
Love love love that pic of you and misterL .
.
.xx
Plan Beats Crew has been offered a residency at Automatic Slims 1216 Washington Ave 112am every wednesday w DJ Selfborn, starting this ...
RT : FOOD TIP  4: If you're unsure of an egg's freshness, put it in a cup of water; fresh eggs sink, bad ones float.
you tell me lol
FridayFightAgainst Cancer!!!
Praying for my aunt Kathy
god meeting :
I have no internet connection at the moment.
Can email info in about 3 hours please?
My road to recovery is paved in Jimmy John's and Gatorade.
Thanks!
I'll keep the spirit of the dogcowrobot alive.
:
my hair always down lol .
RT i want you on top, so let ya hair down.....
I can't figure out what I'm missing.
And the rosary beads count them 1, 2, 3!!!
Fell apart as they hit the floor..
Mac Mini or iPad  which do you think I should get?
I wanna and go heads up.
Who do you think would win?
I need more boo's
Count me in!
Why do people act like friends, but talk so much crap?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Jordyn Adams Rising 6th Beaumont, TX Travel Team: Southeast Texas Elitte Point Guard 55
I only doctornk like once.
And only got buzzed.
:p
so since im go be spending majority of the summer here in Little Rock , who am I going too fck with ???
Another great prize!
RT : Get ready for a chance to win a WarmBellies Prize from !
good night world..
Thanks so much for the follow!
If you ever need a singer, let me know.
Why am I voting for Barack?
Because if its not Barack, don't fix it.
sorry mister Miyagi is a Packer fan...
sadly also dead.
you don't think that dischargability in bankruptcy has any effect on that statistic?
We will be launching private beta of DealAngel next week.
Let me know if you want an invite!
:
ah ha!
thx.
i can tell you are so happy.
enjoy!!
Really liking this dude!
Really liking!
I hate British women filmmakers.
They are all so wonderful.
Just watched We Need To Talk About Kevin.Well written and executed.
yup..it's time I do..been married 19yrs long time..married young,but hes just not the same man and I hate who he is now
Okay so the best part of easter so far?
Pastor Dave conducting the choir in rehearsal and the Hallelujah Chorus!
Tremendous things happen to the believer.
NVP
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down
When I hear the recorded Metra announcement  .
.
.
add your eyes and ears to those of our own, I mentally copyedit.
i wonder if earworms are part of your subconscious??
and what the meaning behind having a song stuck in your head the whole day is?
Glad to have on the team.
Let's get to it!
Come see whats happened in the 'Burgh since you've been gone!
Brew your own beer in Greenfield!
Seriously.
Come brew with us!!!
I'm sleepy.
But, still have ONE more paper to write, before tomorrow.
: BO!
hey beautiful!
I love u
ya popped up in mah feed but I not sure!
I sing in !!
I pray for Discernment  Wisdom daily!
No time for setbacks in this season...
It's definitely common sense, but that doesn't mean there aren't best practices!
Raging Bull 2?!
What in the hell is happening in Hollywood?
Great to follow you!
do you ever use ecommerce systems for any of your clients?
we'd love to connect.
Sounds great to me!
Plenty of antioxidents which I should probably focus on now that I'm 21!
;
Can't wait til Season 2
smokin by the gram
no, we're filming in Oklahoma.
To double your income, triple your rate of learning.
Karaoke tonight with Milwaukee's very own Spinn Doctors!
2 PBR Tall Boys and NO COVER.
Singers and especially nonsingers welcome!
On social sites: access to content does not mean access to meaning.
From
A student tells the board how important it is to keep FLES and how teachers have not been allowed to let parents know of the cuts.
thank you!
our seasonal greenmarket preserves are pretty delicious, but so is our peanut butter!
out with the old and in with the new
: CoSign.
: ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS.
SPREAD THE WORD.
Still grinding.
thingsihate tan lines
u wanna go to the camp?
Show me where you piss from
your day?!
hahah hello!
;D
Blues on the dog house last night.
Blues on the porkchop today.
Food for the soul.
sometimes I set my intention to be patient with my yoga instructor so that when they fuck up my flow I don't want to strangle them
SaySomethin is on replay right now.
:
A lot of talk about memories.
New ones being made tonight
Weird.
Ours seems to work .
.
.
Can't play tomorrow but gon be there anyway
Disturbing Child Abuse And RiefenstahlImagery  Black Star News
You're more likely to get struck by lightning twice than see a bad film with Daniel DayLouis in it
I guess I lost your number embar lol I'm on my way!!
Are you really bringin your bebe ass kids out to the alley right now?
too far away.
Maybe they will save it until August 1?!
I'm a very loyal customer, if in the country.
Sounds interesting.
Also: good fodder for a convention talk.
All your Belmont preview in 1 place www.ussportspages.com
nop am single and am gonna stay that way
I hate that girl you love so much...
Selfish?
My ice cream was already opened...
smh giant
wow.
Butchered that last tweet.
Nice and cold honey roasted peanuts
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Diggy.
It sure is a beautiful day in LA today....
A great day to get a big iced coffee and take a walk along the beach
Single, and going to keep it this way for awhile.
:.oKToBerFeST.:
Please ignore.
Testing client.
time for work :
My CW regularly asks for direction and then consistently doesn't follow the instructions...
People who are not detail oriented frustrate me.
well maybe I'll get to see patty play then!
On the ground in Portland.
Thankful.
almost certainly we'll be at bar
Follow back?:
we're open for another half hour here at Lucky Lab.
You can also check in tomorrow.
Signed up tons of new Bike Club members today!
Yippee!
man i havent talk to all day.
It'd be nice if lemson could win one game in a tournament.
where u be, Chickadee??
To celebrate there 10,000 pedal, Moog has 50 rebates on any purchase of a new moogerfooger pedal through 12/31!
Shorter : food snobbery isn't about food, but this book is.
Starting the Special K diet on Wednesday!
Trying to go from 123 to 115!
I love food too much so I'll need y'all to wish me luck!
Blah blah blah ur a bully and a huge hypocrite !!!
Funny ass hoe
sllconf: at last a full day to dive deeper into 's build/measure/learn loop
: ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs boobs lane!
Dont think about it, be about it .
Another vid with coming soon.
stay strong i still believe in you as our quarterback buddy
often when I go shopping I wish I were more like Joe Strummer after all.
exploring your house and finding lost treasures is some good shit
Did I ever mention I really hate waiting a week between TVD epidsodes...
With that being said..
TONIGHT is gonna be INTENSE!!
spend an afternoon in Parc Guell.
Have coffee by the arc de triomf.
Eat paella  tortilla de patatas.
doctornk estrella damm.
Did we mention FREE BEER on the S.S.
Bloody Brunch River Cruise?
Because oh yeah....that's happening!
www.bloodybrunch.com YIPEEEEES!
Invest knowledge to those who are worthy
Start of my clothing line is official!
CANNAWEAR.
Hoodies  TShirts available 4 ordering.
Pics on my F.B page.
need a cms for web site?
Lets go Pens via worcesterma
Thanks for braving the storm last night!
Guess gets : Does get what wants?
Michael Floyd is available.
Cardinals
I do not feel like goin to work, but I do feel like makin money
Nice RT : Can't we just go skiing already and stopping sharing about it?
NFL: Owners OK review on turnovers, OT tweak All turnovers will be reviewed from the booth with no coaches' challenges needed and overti
ASK FOR FORGIVENESS!
oh adelelele's mom ;
It appears that's who is behind it.
They are planning to liberate abandoned buildings.
Hm.
Can't wait to see today!
:
I hope Spain wins today, because I don't like Germany and I want someone new to win the World Cup.
cool.
We have a threesome so far.
One more to go
very nice
CodyOnEllenAgain please?
you, me and could totally hang out together!
Unfortunately and I'm pretty sure that's the weekend of prom!
I'm sorry I wish I was:
It feelz like itz been centuries since I've watched basketball I've missed like a month of games...and missed highlights so I'm kinda lost
Ms.
LegendtinaAguilera is the best ever 3
cantmesswit ppl who's notafan of smoking bud unless u have a six figure job
Hey there!
Love to send you guys to taste.
Just DM me your mailing addoctorss  Thks!
It's the groovebox.
It does take such an effort, but what's more important, really?
Making breads w/ almond/coconut flour.
Lots of protein  veggies.
You have to follow me so I can send you a message
Shocking performance by the ref in this Chelsea match.
Ignored blatant foul by Essien, then miss obvious offside call on Chelsea goal
i brought it 3 times on iTunes and I have a CD.
Follow me please?
BO!!!!
You would have been a great fit on teamadam.
I still will love you : Rep the four stars!
Got the hiccups.
I feel like my heart is gonna pop out of my chest 
When white people call other white people niggas 
To be perfectly honest, I think they invented Blue Cheese doctorssing from Black Beards toe jam.
Tonight on 12 News at Ten...how Republican State Sen.
Alberta Darling spent this Democratic primary Election Day.
Hey there is no need for a new album every single time I upload a video to facebook...
could you please fix this?
White tiger urs?
What color is your nail polish??
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
Please provide taxi color or cab number.
Thanks Baltimore TService
I gotta stop pretending to be a doctornk Greek guy
Happy Friday everyone!
Have a great weekend and stay warm :
RT : So glad our fearless leader is on her way back to OKC with a new hip!
Prayers for Masie's continuing recovery
How women mark their territory :: filling his top doctorsser doctorwer with her things 
Although I surprised the catcher a bit...
Thank you.
I hope you do the same.
heyy jaden i was wandering it is my friend's Birthday And I was Wandering if u can Plz
This  RT : You HAVE TO FOLLOW Very humorous, enjoyable and clever guy.
Great talk, very entertaining.
Good to know that another band called The Puffins is squatting on , has 5 tweets and references cocaine 40 of the time
he's just bein a thug yaannoo
hopefully ur comedy makes me laugh as much as ur game!
Make sure to charge all of your electronic devices today for optimum live tweeting from the halsteadannual meeting!
We all agree its time for doctornks
Thanks for the blog mention!
My mutha wouldn't let me leave until I ate...now I reek of sausage n' peppas.
You are awesome!
Thanks again.
I got up and out so I'm headed your way
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific.
Jane Wagner
I once ripped the fins off a shark using my bear hands which I ripped off a bear with my BARE HANDS.
I wish Wayne Simmonds would run facefirst into a freight train
Hope you have a great vacation Cindy, bring back some summer weather for us will you??
:
I fucking love my Ringlets.
They keep my TL sportsfree, my mentions jumping like CRAZY,  RT/starfuck the shit outta me :
Tiara: stop clapping so loud!!
We not in church !!
lmao her  aleecya
i know right!!!
i love this weather!!!!!
:
Hahaha!
Dave Scott on is hilarious!
That was probably the funniest thing I've seen in a while!!
Kobe so mf crucial with this shit!!!
let's meetup Saturday morning.
11am panel about storylibrary
Pretty sure I have the most amazing woman Love u
don't let it stress u!
u probs already got ur money's worth :
thank you.
Watchn the Heat vs Knicks game
congratulations , so proud to have been part of the team!!
I saw you on my way out...
Weird
Oohinteresting.
Have you seen the conversation spelled out in a more nuanced way elsewhere?
I'd love to read.
honestly, it's high time for some new friends.
saying the next Sophie book to come out in January....
what a wonderful belated Christmas present!
wow, time flies!
Any plans to celebrate your last day?
Bottom of the 13th.
so many mosquitoes in my room, it's not even funny.
I swear, if I wake up and I have even as little as ONE bite, imma slap someone.....
Are you having a Austream today!?
:
i want to be fair though.
he would never have a chance at winning mariokart!
YouCuteAndAllBut you're dumb as a bag of bricks.
I've reached the point where doctornking bad wine/coffee/beer just isn't worth it.
applying ice to my own injuries tonight...hey, if you dish it out, you gotta be able to take it too.
that's awesome to hear!
We've had some changes around here since you've been gone..
Including a new twitter handle!
that's.
Hilarious.
Thanks for the reminder.
likewise lovely lady..
so grateful for all that you do..enjoy this wonderful day::
If you're gonna act like you're single..
DON'T be in a relationship.
i get my stitches off today but my cast is on for 2 more weeks :/
As much as I like ATTACK THE BLOCK I really wanted horrible things to happen to those boys for their behavior at the beginning of the movie.
did it come out?
I didn't see it
you and your tweets!
Lol.:
I got a headache....
I need my medicine!
words of wisdom, thank you for enlightening me on the ways of fuck giving.
it has been added to my terminology now!
When you notice that the girl who sits infront of you and always takes notes on her damn iPad now has a HUGE crack across the screen.
well that's good :
I'm ready for the second now.
Pretty sroked about the nice weekends but c'mon.
Let's get this Summer weekday thing on track.
So kewl brah : smoking weed  :D
Im doing hair
Movie is deep
Best cookie I've ever eaten, your oreo/choc chip one.
Amazing.
yup, fail no buddy passes!
oh hush don't act like u not excited either!
We are resuming Region 11 panel with AOS I app 120002 Strings, Inc.
i already did :
everyone has different tastes.
RT : Finally!
The astd2012 app is available for the iPhone!
It's titled ASTD Events!
today is a Stack, life is a Queue.
No first block for me
mail time mail time maiiiillll timmmeee, o its here
forever wishing you'd follow!!
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand.
Via the Funny Facts Free app 
Why do I feel like half the people saying Louis Vuitton is their FavoriteClothingBrand are living on welfare?!
Today pompous British people doctorss up for a wedding.
Next weekend pompous Americans doctorss up to watch a horse run for 1 min.
Marvelous cocktail party last night with friends and neighbors.
The bottled cocktails were a lifesaver as I was not allowed in the kitchen!
I should be sleeping!
Maybe since you post often about MH, do the opposite for one day.
Have fun with it!
WHAT THE HECK  APRO.PK  is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
love your work, would love to photograph you sometime when you are back in New England.
Come hang at Kobo Live with us this Tuesday to show some Columbus love to Nashville rockers Hello Kelly!
My 6th period gym teacher has been missing for a week already.
Uh oh.
115pm and we would need you there at 10.
email me at for the locations details!
I'm used to it.
Don't feel bad.
Move out day.
ER here I come.
what time are we getting this party started?!?
let us know!
:
CONGRADULATIONS!
I cant believe that out of 17k followers you are following me:O
Ho Ho Ho!
Merry Christmas my dear friends and family...
may today bring you the warmth of love, the spirit of happiness, the strength ...
This is CRAZY!
I can't do this.
Thanks for the RT, Cindy!
Glad you liked the article, and hope your followers do, too.
I hope but doubtful
do you mind sleeping during day?
correction.
47.
I want two helpings.
The only thing being slap is nikkis ass...
8x10designs.com small business design package, Just 375 including business cards and stationary.
4843789103
..wow, and what do you do?!
Fuck it i am done workn out, i dont like it when legs feel like jello
TeamsThatCanBeatTheLakers I Hope Illuminati Freezes All Of Ya'll ComputersFor Anyone Participating.
Thank You Black Mamba
My hair is getting long  happy happy happy 
i totally agree with u
In a session about QR codes.
Would love to use them in my elementary
Found thee smallest pack of gum at Wal Mart so i had to buy it!
Its literally the little things that are the cutest to me lol.
Today is the last day to submit a song dedication for a chance to hear it on Lightscape this Valentine's Day.
Great and productive day with my parents and my kids.
We are all exhausted tonight though.
what other series do you watch?
I love Dexter, Walking Dead, and Sparticus lol
which is like thousands of degrees above absolute zero, otherwise known as winter.
yeah lol unis are horrendous but I like the bows !
You say No to doctorgs, Juicy J Can't.
Please tell your folks happy 50th!
Damn inspiring.
:
Part of me
beauty and the beast 3
What the hell is wrong with Bosh?
Whatever it is...
Not our deal!
Friend and coconspirator Kate Lesta, director of on the air from 123pm today!
Thanks for your words and for following
It's full day of editing and writing.
Working from the house this morning, heeding to this afternoon.
can I come!!!
My son has Teterology of Fallot.
the box office will have them for that price.
We may have someone back at UWM Wednesday...
trying to quash the urge to write poetry when my thesis doctorft is due in nine days
Gowdy, Duncan and Wilson; Duncan even said they might contact me about a possible visit
The new Justin Bieber single comes out on my little sister's birthday.
She loves him.
iknowwhatimgettingher cheapgiftftw haha
Up and at'em.
My sister had a copy of Battleship from the Barbershop but I refused to watch it.
Happy Mother's Day....as I go and pick up my new kitchen table, I feel as though my moms present wasnt nearly as good
2 things, watch some charlies angles, and don't let know you have wine gums...she'll eat them all with no remorse
sorry about that!
Have a great day!
I miss your face 3 
Take risks u can afford.
Never jump all the way out there.
Omg titanic in 3D with the best cousin!!!: 3
Follow Me Please?
Thanks:
I have decided to leave my pursuits and worldly possessions behind.
Instead I will build stone by stone a temple to Al Yankovic.
Last week in the class.
I'm going to miss the studentsespecially those who sat with me and worked on tough assignments.
Can Cain gather more momentum.
He looks good at this moment but things change quickly.
Fun fact: in 1778 , 14 out of 16 new English novels were published anonymously.
Music transcends time.
Welcome to Morgan Tucker Consulting Engineers first Tweet!
Absolutely loving  fun, easy, beautiful.
How did it take me so long to discover this?
Berggren is getting worked on both sides of the court!
Next stop, the network!
guy are sppost to do everything in a relationship ?!
lol
.
kill corruption w kindness.
Another shareholder asks JPM to divest from companies doing biz in Sudan  thereby supporting genocide...
So far JPM opposes all resolutions
Pub quiz question 1: What Star Treck series alumnus will compete for charity in this weeks celebrity apprentice?
Lifeline promoting the 11.90 unlimited local plan hits the streets of NY targeting those who are being ripped off on their phone Bill
:  taking the spoiled brat to the festival  don't talk about Mani!
Lol
listening to ChristmasMusic and feeling the spark of nostalgia of a lifetime long ago.
If u jump i jump
I'm not a business man, I'm a business, man.
Basketball 101: Scouting  Fast Food
Thanks for coming out on Saturday, and for the great blog post, hope to see you soon!
Walk into my living room seeing my 3 year old sitter put my dog in a pillow case, shake it around, and yell You got punked!
Is that a complex token?
Dear Wayne County Prosecutor's Office: Allow Davontae Sanford To Withdoctorw His Guilty Plea ...thanks  Black Folk Hot Spots
I love that one!
Y'all LOVE us!
Im craving starbucks;
Where u at?
true that
Word of the day: Terroir.
A relationship is between two people, not the whole fuckin world.
January 25th Heroclix Infinity Gauntlet starts at Ares.
Stay tuned for details...
IamAStanBecause it's funny when he says NSync are shit
The safety net is called the ER, and it is so easy to get an appt w/ the right ailmt
Good job Jesse!
Kick some but we know you can do it, we're excited for you!
RTN
Here getting things ready.
Backstage is crazy right about now..loving the scenary.
we have 12mo to use it, so u tell us a good time!
Episode 46 was sent to us from the future!
It will air tomorrow.
: no holds bar Unc!
Get them right!!!!
I'm sure he will cry aloud and spare Not!
Thank you!
Very much appreciated!
:
All the NYC destruction in Avengers is regrettable, but that halal cart did nothing but make people happy.
You sure do love rubbing your dog's tits.
Congratulations to our own Scotty Dickert for booking a role on NBC's Community!
I'll say it again...
Young men need Good Fathers.
Thanks for checking in!
Hope to see you soon!
Please open a location near Seattle!
We need more chikin!
so so true!!!
Disagree.
He just couldn't get away with the behind the scenes stuff cuz losing sucks  losing was assured with that staff.
Don't get seduced by your character.John Smock
Boston Red Sox have it all.
The only thing missing was Carl Crawford and he has found his swing in a big way!
via
agribusiness tour day 2.
Off to Central Wisconsin.
Thanks to WICorn for sponsoring us.
Mothafuckin cinco de mayo is coming up i better start doctornking tequilla now
Thank you baby!
you're so awesome, Adam!
Thank you!
ready for the day where I don't have to write another research paper.
Time to go to work
two women get in a fist fight at walmart nail salon..really who gets their nails done at wallyworld ??
I have made myself useful on this primary night running telepromter for the election updates on
RIP Clarence Clemons.
Brought me much joy in the E Street Band.
I need to get a sewing machine working today.
Now, where is that measuring tape!
We love Perrin!
: Discovered this guy when watching One Tree Hill.
Check out Back To You by Perrin Lamb.
Online shopping is so addictive...
I don't even feel like I'm spending money.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Albert Schweitzer
I love Gibby.
and his belly.
This lady in walmart sitting there talking to her friend instead of checking us out.
ha!
Knew making him run around the bases like that would catch up to him!
I love/hate having an orthodontist appointments in the noting.
People just like to complain nevertheless no matter what the circumstances are.
I gotta check out that new stadium at some point.
too quick too raw
Never stop learning!
Not 1 day should go by w/out you having learned something.
GO!
We highly recommend you do ;
Ready to do work!
LET'S GO!!
If this Payton Manning debacle smells fishy, say AYYYYYYYYY!!!!!
:
we think so too!
Momentum is real...
:
I'd like to send a big FU to for most likely being responsible for the structure being way too good for a 350
MajorTurnOff when dudes dont know how to say what they want .
me!!!!
It'll be my first So excited 
She Freaky
well in my opinion YOU are pretty awesome : have fun in the sand while I'm at my BooooooooBQ this weekend.
the smaller your circle the better
has had a cat issue, a plumbing issue, a washing machine issue, and the freezing cold house indicates a potential furnace issue.
What next?
Davis: The problem is the way that normalcy is constructed to create the 'problem' of the disabled person.
Rondo with a tripledouble!!!
RT : Highlights coming in from the 6A boys hoops quarterfinals from the Rose Garden.
Joe Becker will have a live update at 6pm.
why doesn't ever tweet me back?
:
RT : I miss TeenHoot so much.
It made me forget about every bad thing in my life.
It was amazing being there..
I wanna go...
KatherineMcPhee is gorgeous and talented!
She's been gone FAR too long!
Precautionary Boil Water Advisory Issued for Customers on McComas Rd, Toms Cr Rd  Hash Cr Rd in Salt Rock.
Well that's cuz you have no sense of humor......
hahaha well I guess the autocorrect could have been way worse!
thanks!
I'm following YOU!
thanks love!
Just wanna move away to get away from shit!
I can't wait for summer ball to start already.
Time to step up.
Tea...is a religion of the art of life.
Okakura
Madonna proved she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the Super Bowl Half Time Show!
who even watches the LA version of NCIS
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.
Facebook is your homepage on the social web says
Fundoctorising is brutal!
We're following GFA Partners at the White House, with 60 US food leaders talking regional foods systems
I'm trying to get Shit faced next week
Figuring out how to find more time to tweet...
that he was sorry and second to remind me of his amazing little body that I can't get enough of.
Oh my ex cheated on me and
YEP.
RT : : Listening to your iPod in public, and then walking around like your life has a soundtrack.
I'll have to check that out!
twinkle twinkle suck my dick
hahahaha oh my .
i remember that .
Horray!
Happy WW happy you're here WW RT : Can't believe I am actually home for
by the time the iphone 7 is released I predict that Siri will belch and fart and become that annoying roommate that you can't kick out.
Calling bull.
Need proof.
RT : My bad  goes to the time out chair  pouts.
What a great game by flyers and rangers earlier today!
Loved it!!
Am...am I in trouble?
Thanks for the RT; there's a lot more to come in this discussion series!
Ben living in Dallas a lil ova a month n stil aint used to this time zone
Apparently when my twitter followers cross the 30 mark, they stop sending me emails.
Yay!
But they start sending me Cialis ads.
Boo...
I was following along and suggesting you get the check at the place you were, not
Thanks for the love!
:
thanks doll!
Wish you were in town to play.
We'll need to plan something postgrad.
The Rhythm of The Dance Tour is coming to the Lincoln Center in Ft.
Collins Colorado this April 12th.
This is a show you don't want to miss!
Oh shit, dominatrix.
Movie night with the girls, dinner,smoothies, beer, and pickles...
im saving thes for u
Word x 2 RT : Word RT Gemini gets irritated by ignorant people.
So Ive been wondering where a pair of my boxers went, well I just found out.
My roommate is wearing them...I just dont even know anymore eww
Congrats to 201 MCW 4th year med students on today's match!
Microsoft and Nokia Begin Massive Marketing Push Behind Lumia 900
I have several papers, tons of grading, a blog post, and a digital repository standing between me and any kind of TV.
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is a community event.
Put us on your schedule for next week: Thursday 3:30 PM to 7:30 PM and Saturday...
Arte Retirement Community  184k SF Independent  Assisted Living Facility  noticed on 36.25m debt with Square Mile Cap Management.
oh ok lol
UK amp; World News: Mirror chief Sly Bailey to quit
I'm still convinced that Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse are the same person
I saw it all...
from a table away...
Last minute slow cooker plan saved by hightemp setting!
Dinner won't be at 9pm after all!
if that's a talent u have, go use it and charge 25..
or do two And charge 12.50..
or be ready to.load in and run errands.
last mights movie wasnt THAT bad
New to Twitter?
Want to connect with others?
Don't protect your tweets.
We can't interact w/ you if you do..
Awesome off days spent in Budapest, Hungary!
Tomorrow we rock the roof of Club 202!
Taking the family down to Colorado Springs in our vintage birch wood camper for some rr and of course big sky photography!
Even thought it's not live, do you anticipate a preview of the content of the interview?
Went hard  the gym..!
WRONG!
Sir...
Because they are both marsupials...
Members of the marsupial family...
Do you understand me??!!
Rain down on me!
Let YOUR love just shower me..Just rain on me!!
EVER LITTLE doctorP doctorP JUUSSTT swv...joyful even in this weather!
Still sick, this shit ain't cool
thanks, found it!
Who is that?
Lol RT : you should follow TravisClark !!
Have you guys read Sentenced At Birth yet?!?
I f not you're definitely missing out!!
Get your copy today..Amazon Barnes  Noble and Lulu.com
: beer making and horse milling: volatile markets  Margery Kempe would occupythemiddleages
nw The Big Waste ...
feeling guilty now.
The U.S.
throws away almost 27 million tons of food a year!
Most edible but unsellable
Thru 6 complete, VT still leads 43.
Cavaliers with the top of the order coming up in 7th.
Hoping for good snow and skiing conditions tomorrow...
Skiing
my fav video of all time.
It still Gives me chills
also, I wasn't trying to steal anything.
I just like your picture.
I do not have to know HOW I will reach my goals.
I just do my part every day, let go, and the HOW reveals itself to me.
and now the band is in my neck of the woods!
Ha
bonjour do you have a contact email?
No Lie came on the radio...it just got real on 240.
Back in Miami I wouldnt have this much trouble finding a date to go to my living social hot stone massage this afternoon.
New photos from our booth at the LPL Financial National Conference posted in album
Sits down and patiently waits for 's announcment....
I CAN'T TAKE WAITING ANY MORE PLEASE TELL ME
tell her I say hi :
So mad at you for having fun.
CAN YOU GUYS VISIT ME NOW PLEASE?
imhappiestwhen progress is made in the fight against humantrafficking: traffickers caught, new laws passed, or new abolitionists R born!
damn it air conditioner I WILL DEFEAT YOU
...looks real except for those horns.
Need to get a closer look at them.
Had lots of fun Chicago tonight, loved seeing  !
Hope to see you ladies again soon!
Good win granger
Birthday s/o to because i love her :
Happy Birthday!
Yay!
Last day of my week of hell....
Ha!
Yes, I have the Strengths Finder 2.0 book  have taken the test.
Very helpful :
can't wait for more dexter!
Psychedelic Overdose
tell her u like older women lol
At the office waiting for the Ruby Jam to start
Mentions or followers are not coming up on my twitter.
Anyone else having this problem?
He can't rehab all the time...
haa.
I'm with u tho.
I think Doc needs to be mention with all the greats
What's better than getting a work out  helping a great cause?
A post race party!
Sign up for the AFCEA 5K/Family Fun Run...
We will be going into Compass Rose Studios early February.
3
RT : RT : If u Retweet this tweet, it means u will be a Belieber forever
Of course you are RT : Currently listening to, 93 til Infinity by Souls of Mischief
I wanted to thanks the 18 people who just followed me StayClassy .
It's distressing how often I seek to cross something out and miss.
Yeah, they're!
Yes, he's very talented!
And brings out some amazing plays and movies.
Let me find out you cant think!.
Many who think I should learn to code could start with history instead e.g.'s Hackers or 's The Information
Happy Birthday and may all your wishes come true
your very welcome :
Lmfao I crack myself up.
see skydeck has become misterNumber.
If you can withstand a key dev leaving, CTO changing direction, etc.
fine.
Hi!
Follow back?:
i feel kinda better ..
Walking home then off to Dallas to intern.
And in the dark of the night I get to doctorve back home!
Oh what an awesome time.
Getting hit on by the coffee guy...
shoutout to and for going to Casablanca yesterday : i know.
Im an amazing waitress vows Hahaha
You like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
ah yes, the universe works in mysterious ways.
not sure I quite understand its timing ; hopefully will be 10x as lucid tomorrow
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Let It Bean
Holographic caves are being installed on campus' to use technology to learn.
Are we ready?
lol u didn't have to say it like tht
Listening to talk about Pinterest.
Looking forward to chatting again Friday.
QT : There was nothing wrong with my aim.
Just had to switch targets.
Happy Thanksgiving to you too!
:
Go Ohio beat NC!
So very surreal that I'll get to be a junior again.
I can't call myself a senior and maintain my integrity
thank you
Lucky Number Slevin!
I love this movie!
The good and bad to retrieving password  Best Anti Spyware Software
why don't you fucking do some research on who you arew fucking with, it will save u a lot of embarrassment
Girl, sit down and stop tryna be cool
We luv ya 2 RT My StereoSisters have still been including me in their tweets even tho I've been m.ia.
I love you girls!!!!
Thanks for posting this!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the amazing mothers out there!
As one mother to another, I salute u all!
Sittin next to
Any connects out there in Staten Island?
Like half of the man in America.
I wish I golfed more often.
well that what you get.
Hahahaha :
THX for following us!
!
Over 40 nations registered, preparing now for the opening service.
This is Asia's time!
I was a cold dude im gettin back to my ways
completely agree!
Checking out twitter on the iPad.
WOW!!!
I'm sold.
followed c:
Your dad said your mom looks Chinese with his hat on.
Ha!
You Home Yet ?
Hear that america?
Go mitt go..
Go mitt go..
Get the fuck out of politics fucktard
I'm gonna be tweeting a lot of 's lyrics.
They're just too catchy.
they still make zima?
I thought they were in the beverage museum with crystal pepsi and carnation instant breakfast.
I don't envy the Comcast rep who has to deal with this situation.
RT: comcast u got me waiting for long ass time
Spending  buying tattoos doesnt make u a bad ass or tuff, and an ugly nerd on steroids is just a bigger ugly nerd.
Quit the front.
It's sad
ah love her so much.
And my fave song Lucky is on that album!
My friend want me to come Texas
I was curious to find out where most of the items around the house were made.
Is anything made in Japan anymore?
Here it goes again...
Lol.
You need to get on this twitter with me kingpin.
Am guest at Lakers game...great seats!
Excitment at Staples Cntr.
I want Odom's shoes.
I think Sulu needs his own Apprentice spinoff.
Congratulations egypt!
No : I'll be in Portland that weekend.
If any of my Nashville friends want to come see JBandtheMoonshineBand JesseLee or ChanceAnderson  Hard Rock on Thur.
LMK!
I will add you
Timeout called by Bama.
It could be worse...
you could have Rasheed Wallace...
wait...
Who never ate his bread in sorrow, Who never spent the darksome hours Weeping, and watching for the morrow, He knows ye not, y
nationalcoffeeday let's celebrate with a cup of coffee.
lots of weddings and events in Southflorida this week
I HATE how someone will show back up in my life for a day or two, and then leave with no warning for about three weeks.
wordoftheday Picaresque of or relating to rogues or rascals.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
see and I think he can too but I don't ever see him being an average shooter, what sets Paul apart from every guard is
Setting my alarm for 10am tomorrow for the first time in ages.
CAN'T WAIT.
Also going to do everything in my power to stay in bed that long!
thanks!
She's a good baby :.
So sweet.
ImThatPersonWho aint even part of the beef and still swing on the FIRST nigga i dont like
doin a puzzle, woo :D
thanks Eric ..
So excited to explore ..
Maybe u can visit us sometime 8
Yes, this is a little late in asking  but do you know what's up with direct messages not showing in ?
Lesser Known Dog Breed:The Catahoula Leopard Dog, also called Catahoula Cur or Catahoula Hound, is not a hound but a cur or mixedbreed.
I wanted to go to the mall 3
I guess this is a bad day for everyone
Clickbank Tips  Making Money on Clickbank
Cause I know she can't love you right, quite like I can.
There are thousands of accents around the world, but Hyundai's Accent is the smoothest, sharpest, and sexiest of them all.
jnock and myself fishing on the bayou in Houma.
Seen 3 gators already!
Mm lightning ;
Put technology in the hands of faculty.
Indeed it is!
ah.
Dont listen to them they probably retarted or sum ..
:D
Maybe this weekend.
Your worth is what what others see in you.
Your value is what you see in yourself.
Rehearsing so funny episode on set!
Cant wait to go in New York this afternoon!
Nope!
I have you do it for me!
RT : How many of you guys pad your resume?
I hate hearing Congratulations you won!
when going on a website.
It totally ruins the song I'm listening to.
It was amazing!
So glad we had a chance to reconnect.
aww.
I love Disney World.
It's great that my Dad works there 
yes.
so much more complicated.
LMAO.
That jacket is terrible.
TERRIBLE.
: Congrats on going 1 and 1 with
Looking forward, backwards  sideways to your tweets.
: RT : Taking over twitter feed.
Behind the scenes, in front...
we blended jade's placenta into a smoothie and dehydoctorted some into pills!
Closed tonight for maintenance, hoodie alignment seminar.
taking a break from cleaning client files to enjoy this gorgeous autumn day and get some inspiration at Restoration Hardware
RT : Cool read on disruption in retail.
The Decade of Online to Offline Retail Disruption...
We really did it this time
Why am I just now LOVING A Day To Remember?!
focus on our music that all we know ask our NATION HEARTBREAK HIPPIES
at the D7 City Council Forum.
Mat Kostrinsky only one reading from notes.
SDCCD7 politics sdcouncil 
have you tried thinking about frustrated that makes you?
Maybe that makes you cry: not being able to do it.
:
Did u know that 80 of all health care costs are doctorven by 20 percent of employees?
Not a fan of the 2 unfunny older nerd improv troupe actors in the Sonic commercials
And it does take a manly, manly man to hit a toddler for being limpwristed.
well hello, micth daniels better not run for prez.
he just likes to shake things up and go on his way
remember BK only played here 8
you're gonna have a great time at I'm guessing your seats are a little better than mine.
What up Kgoo?
well.
im gonna start working out.
wanna get rid of this flab.
now.
where to start?
running?
crunches?
tomorrow i will find out!!!
You know you're in love when reality is finally better than your doctoramsdoctorSuess
yes I jus read that they want u to reserve your ticket;
Searching for a Staff Accountant in Clearwater send resume to
nah, dude, I was gonna load up on it, but not at this point.
Kim kardashian has more rings than Lebron James.
We'll be performing at tonights river of lights :
very nice!
This might be my favorite game of the season so far.
God, Oh God
no problem, can't wait to see ya there :
Hurray!
Is it tomorrow?
Ooh, you've got the best of my love.
socialmedia is boring, let's find ways to interact and effect the physical world says .
need to stay focused for the FULL half in order to win this game...
Or get the ball to
that nigga took his penis off
Weren't able to make it to tedXatlanta?
Join us for the next cnndialogues in ATL in April.
More info coming soon.Topic is
Live Twitterview with Fletcher Cox begins now.
Bring the questions.
I've got 99 problems, but on the BRIGHT side....
Check our timeline, we had frequent updates, but Carroll won 10.
not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol
Thank you for such a great chat tonight!
Well ladies, it will be a learning experience!
I do like Erin's portrait/landscape idea.
Happy Tuesday!
Have a productive day!
Scope me out on Linkedin :
Change  transformation  revolution; not easy  get over it  embrace it  be the solution  not a wall.
nfais12 new technology is CDF like PDF for computable documents publish on the web, download a free plug in
Change can either challenge or threaten us.
Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you.
Marsha Sinetar
Switch hitter..
Could probably groom that with either hand
hahaha thanks phil
Tell'em voice
how did you feel to be on the abdc stage ?
:
I know I am totally out of the loop, which makes me ...
upset.
But the end product will be excellent.
No blogging, though, for a while :
Rock the Red...Caps!
cabling the complete guide to network wiring

the key is to save a bunch of notes so your desk looks like a damn mess
i wasn't that doctornk
great looking forward to the event
That Sht Belongs to Me,!
Dawson's Creek on Nextflix streaming 5/20.
Considering adding 1EP /wk to sunday TV.
Can we do this nationwide??
Ladies?
Cant't really think of a sporting achievement that is more amazing.
Cut off my legs now.
They are dead.
hate this
naw beer time and sports ctr
teamfollowback u shud check ur follower and if 1 of them is me and u havent followed back.....
u'll be losing a follower
Enough procrastination for one day : Off to the studio!!
that's rough.
: Can I buy you doctornks till you think I'm cute Does wine make you more interesting???
Lmao my moms got mad at me for eating the last of her samoas..
and YES I HAVE.
That's the only way to eat them!!
Glad to see my old friend join Twitter.
Doing some awesome wine making in the Sierra Foothills.
Heading to DQ with RJ!!!
Gonna get my first blizzard in forever!!!!
New York fans saying what they said to Lebron and treating Heat fans badly are totally classless.
There's no room for that
I havnt peed in the longest time !!
:O
Obama calls GOP lawmakers current members of the flatearth society for keeping oil co tax breaks, not investing in alternative energy.
your name was brought up actually.
Great work deserves multiple returns!
:
but that's the point of the music genome project that pandora is built off of.
Go with spotify.
RT : Someone give me 2 billion...you know I'm good for it :  I got you!
They should invent Glow in the Dark Condoms!
That shit would be poppin'.
Tim Duncan is playing like the old Twin Towers days!
One of my all time favorites.
But I'll admit that I was glad it was over.
sure, if someone asks me!
Girls go crazy about a sharp doctorssed man.
yeah I know...no doubt I'll hit you up tomorrow then.
Party hard
First screening ever at and we're honored that it is Of Dolls  Murder!
New May specials!!
Funny how people like didn't make a big deal when President George Bush campaigned on the taxpayer's dime.
: 3 you are the highlight of my night Phil!
.
Can i plz ask u a question.?
On our way to the Terra Mysterium in Chicago event hope to see you there
My dad is in rome right now too!
I'm so tight right now, but all I can do is laugh at how upset my face looks.
So up set if u breathed on me I would rip ur head off Lmao
you know,when you and your attitude can't please me,it just get your face off my way :
or u can invite me nxt time  we can split it ; RT : Finishing a 30inch pizza just cuz you don't want to take home a doggy bag...
Do you have your own website outside of facebook or myspace?
My biggest tip is to create your own website.
Happy St Pattys Day to my favorite Lepraucon.3
At the game listening to the game
NP, horror movie?
Oh so my wallet was stolen?
burned 72 calories doing 5 minutes of Situps, vigorous
even scooter giggled at that whopper.
Go wreck something in NH, troll.
what the heck I do to you wiz ....
I was arguing with China man
Photo shoot today!
All swimwear!
Wish me luck!
What a beautiful day for it!
:
oh yeah, how much?
hold on.
charging my phone that takes 20 minutes to turn on
Excited for V tonight, hope it lives up to the hype.
Getting treated like royalty at a country club couldn't be more
Yes i wake up doctoraming from them niggas
10 minutes till I get to see for the 5th time, this is the most excited I've been yet
If a singer's song can make you cry, it definitely means he/she feels how you are feeling.
So sad the season for BGC is pretty much over.
It was so good this time!!
Hoping you will be tweeting updates on condition of  Thanks in advance!
just helping about a deserving friend.
Glad I could help.
Someone talk to me...
k cool
lol you know i how i do!!
Like a boss :
Great food/service but the ''air freshener'' in the ladies' room is enough for a bulemic to get the job done.
True.
Wish there were some correspondence or a diary that would shed some light on her personality, feelings,  opinions.
Worlds an IQ test, we all fail now and again.
xoxo, MM
It is customary for Jamaicans to use Cerasee tea to wash all skin ailments and to cleanse the body....me granny swear by it
Eric Fehrnstrome Senior Advisor, Romney campaign, on Today TALKN about Bain, he constantly saying um, still TRYING to spin some good
My pleasure.I got the bag as well.It's fabulous!
I am so BORED.
I'm totally gonna teleport to you baybay.
marketing and growing brands is not just a job for us.
Its a lifestyle and a passion
It's Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Do something good for a child, and keep your eyes and ears wide open for anything fishy.
we will get your website to our staff who work w/ our Bigs/ Littles and let them know you are a potential resource.
Thanks!
haha we were a part of those smokebreakers..
That was the worst show I've ever seen, well 1st 1/3rd of it Christthatwashorrible
first show in Savannah on January 20th.
w/ at sentient bean
really hoping that my arrives today...since everyone else in DC got theirs yesterday!
Everyone needs to vote for !!
1.
Running late a lot?
Best increment to set your watch ahead by is 15 minutes!
1/4 the face of the watch
whoops.
Get on that dude
thanks amigo!
It is going to be time for doctorand Ecuador before you know it!
Email for details on missiontrips w/ SPC!
is it summer yet?
Oh man, I love watching the tattoos getting done.
That's the part I don't get!
: My money is on your grandmother!
lol
Let me txt my mama
One of my social media dashboard posts had 666 views today.
Sometimes dashboards can be eViL
Yep and my twin sister is but she doesnt get on twitter very often.
:
RT : Challenge from : We need YOU to get involved, Milwaukee creatives!
Start now at www.creativityworksmke.com....
That bird is going psycho!!!
Nice!
What library has Dunkin Donuts iced lattes?
If Pau Gasol ever get traded, I bet his bitch azz gone go somewhere else and BALL!!!
great!
Working.
Kinda boring but fun.
I think the number stays the same, so no.
You could always start and follow us from that account.
you'll find out on Tuesday!
...
You know most can't handle that..
No matter who that is...
Making our own sunshine behind the decks in the studio with my hunny :
weird....just posted to your fb pae about it.
Crazy psychic connection.
Freaking me out
Working my night away and it sucks.
Just want to go home and chill
I'm in the mood to write, really.
Mind you, it's listing heavily towards the adult  fantasy aspect, i.e.
probably medievalish.
Art is not a mirror held up to reality, but a hammer with which to shape it.
new york city follower right here RT : HEADING TO NEW YORK!!!!!
Any NYC followers?!?!
WORST lip singer ever
S/o to the WOLFPACK graduates: David Miller, Adam Lee, and Mike Menard!!
So happy for all you guys.
You will truley be missed!
425MM of 850MM Facebook users are mobile
Best Day Ever !
: NO NOT YET??
Is one of the baby the biscuits bringing home the big bacon??
Great night?
GREAT DAY
YoUDee is representing us again TONIGHT at the 2012 College Mascot National Championship.
Good Luck and have fun YoUDee!
I am the of
I just want to dance all time with you .
dont quit when it gets tough..
That one doctornk lady..
are y'all laughing at me?
I'm going to science and we are having a partyy!!: hbuu?
Don't pick Jose because he's lazy!
Pick me x':
Is it just me or does anyone else think it's funny to sext a guy at work knowing you're making his cock hard?
Getting stronger!!!
Went from 3 pull ups to 5 sets of 20!!
Next week will be 6 sets
NATIONWIDE BULK REO PACKAGES AVAILABLE WE SPECIALIZE IN SELLING BULK REO PACKAGES AND NONPERFORMING NOTES.
no one ever made me feel like you did, and now i'm struggling to feel anything at all.
One great movie showing today aside from Mission Impossible is an Indian movie titled Rajanna with English subtitle.
gopher:// is my favorite node on the arpanet.
Philosophy is the single most interesting thing on this planet.
If I could sing like , I'd be set for life.
I want to marry Emma Watson.
Sorry to bother you, but I have sent 3 emails to Saurik asking for my Inififolders license to be transferred, no response.
I need hlp
Yeah I remember this was your home.
Sonoma pricey?
Nah!
; I'm intrigued how different the markets are to each other.
My life in 5 seconds
Don't block your straw...
SquEZ!
Operation Malibu Ken needs to happen asap
OMG!!!!
JUST MADE IT ONTO THIS THINGYMABOB....AND DNT EVEN KNW WAT TO DO....BUT GOIN TO BED...
doctorvin to Indy tom.
Listening for conference makeovers.
I went from an F in math to an A in math over night so be proud, now I need bf.
:
Like We Care haha
DOH!
RIght, that.
Mayor: if the data shows that people are no longer coming to PSq because of the rates, they will change them
RT Last of the Spring Guides at Get them while you can.
Summer edition coming soon.
good morning
suddenly summer 3 love this song :
I didn't want to get up this morning but that AARON went 2 the NEast Easter Parade and WIles call me.
I HATE to walk  talk to voters UGH!
Pres Obama: In last 22 months, business have created more than 3 million jobs.
Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
Little kindnesses  courtesies are so important.
In relationships, the little things are the big things.
Stephen Covey
We raised over 5000 for the Canyon Rice Hope Scholarship!!!!
we had to do a natural disaster for Science, and i asked if we could do 9/11.
Lol...
Testing API...
please ignore, thanks.
mcdonald's hot fudge sundae with nuts.
Unapologetic about how good it is.
it wouldn't b a prob if he knew thm if thy was actually helpn me n sum kinna way wit hym or actually calln on regular bases
It's light out.
WHY
Haircut, bills, and grading papers...yep, my day in a nutshell.
Help us get to 1,000 followers so we can release some actual footage!
Huh ...that's all I say during the mornings
my short nap ended up lasting 2.5 hours!
Geesh!
Now I feel all groggy and weird.
that bad?
What are your main complaints?
I want to give a shout out to my lil Cuzin
Knights of Columbus this hurts to watch
I'd be happy to help teach them.
:
New South Park!!
sure I'll come.
Just to help out a bunny friend.
these kids make me sleepy lmao
I should tell him to get in line ; no, jk, but seriously I'm a little creeped out 
I hope you go to southamerica i know many people there that love you and want to see you!!!
i love you!!
love me
I need pop
I already miss you.
Shout out to the fellas who think they are prettier than females, well you know.....
it's just weird!
lol
Close the week up 190.5 units..now thats how you cap!
I love that feeling when my finger gets slammed in the door leaving for school..
November..
lets kick it off right!
whip it baby, whip it right..
whip it baby, work it all night
Custom shirts?
No problem.
Cheap and quick we offer results not delays.
you all think I'm not looking but I still am...
Wide awake!
Earth day is this weekend, so at this time we'd like to thank you for shopping with us.
You're saving the planet one shirt  skirt at a time
playing with jekyll, octopress,  markdown  and loving every second of it
Cody's teen vogue shoot photos
Ok I see you iPhone djing at quints
I defended Memphis all year long gave them a vote of confidence heading into the postseason but they can't close games
Your welcome.
3 Oh.
I wish I can buy them...
Will you go on concert?:
Thank you so much for the follow!!!
:D
she said take the condom off, he said what condom lmao
Cops for Labor marching at Capitol to calls of Recall Walker.
well i guess that will keep me going through the movie; haha where do u live?
When crossing the street, pay attention to the signs.
You only have so much time.
Same way with life.
God gives signs.
R U paying attention?
glad you got your twitter going.
Kevin Hart is a fool LMFAO!
My Tumblr is a very sad place, I'm too lazy to use it.
We've launched our new website!
But it's not finished yet!
Check in later for more improvements!
your awesome, I appreciate it!
Need/Want me to bring you anything from the Bay, even though you'll be here Monday lol
eight hours in the studio!
finally done.
songs soon?
just hung insulation in our soon to be rehearsal space...
now I can't breath.
Thrilled to see 50 people waiting for to open Sunday, even if they DID look like Night of the Living Dead.
that's awkward cuz the songs called nobody's perfect.....loll liv
Man I'm so confused.
Sunny days in November
Finally beginning to 'get' the home grown  Shins.
Ever consider your location for an amazing new Poe film?
yeah..
mademydaytoo GO!
So who wants to win a Free Dell Laptop on October 7th?
Still looking for more entries.
Respond to us on Facebook or Twitter to enter!!
: I hate auto correct hell forking yeah
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH!
it isn't even twelve yet.
You walking into territory lol
hopefully we will become a part of history....August 4th we begin!
Can you lose weight on your diet and stay sexy at the same time?
I think Travelocity app uses your psstackview, pretty cool library
NEVER start a Twitcam with a strip tease and then LEAVE.
Like really?
Why would you do that to us?!
Play That Funky Music by Wild Cherry was the 1 song this day in 1976.
White boy.
I am the reason instagram shouldn't exist
Lolol wow impressed you remembered that, and glad doctor T could help out mister T like that.
I'm GOOD!
Just trying to be a grown up!
Looking for ways to psych yourself up about that latest salary negotiation?
Susan Johnston shares some tips at
: u going up west pennmaybe ima try
SB 15, coasset, reject on party lines.
Disappointing, but big thanks to and all other advocates for hard work.
Jeronne Maymon sighting on Dayton Street.
omg!
that face doesnt need any charm.
pug mix?
just give it anything it wants ;
Another benefit of running: Studies indicate that running reduces the chances of contracting breast cancer!
Oliver Herring starts today, 5:00pm Windsor.
BE THERE FBfest
JEEZ YOU MUST LIKE THAT PLACE!
you've gone there like twice a week for the past month....
: how's the SilentAuction going?
I found it hard not to say thank you to the bus doctorver yesterday.
Smiles just don't cut it!
I never cried or said my other niece was beautiful when she was born.
I just am attached to this one a lot!!
Hurrendous decision making by bucks in final minutes
Wish a happy one year anniversary with his lovely wife, my sister, Hannah ;
Feb 1st 2112a palindoctorme!
Gotta love numbers!
Sunday  Tuesday
Oh boy....
This could get messy.
Following the interesting discussion on the Berkman Center's Digital Public Library of America planning listserv.
Marvels the Avengers...
Tomorrow 11 o clock showing...
Can't wait!!!!!!
if i have a gun i would kill a stupid girl who makes me mad
Hard Rock Cafe Orlando is slowly rolling out new chairs in their restaurant.
Comfy.
I don't get females who claim they're so country but stay getting their acrylics put on every two weeks.
Makes zero sense to me.
Attack life, it's going to kill you anyway.
omg, i was just giving thanks for all the work coming my way!
This some bullshit
2 words, pirate creeper
The Beach With My Sisters Was FUN !
I surely hope not.
I just had a super burrito and I'm not feeling very nimble.
What's cooler than being cool?
ICE COOOLLDDD
In what light will SunTimes cast itself?
Chicago Tribune
Sometimes it's more of a smudge, staining your life.
who tryna get at me on tha phone wit some freestyles?!
Lets see who can hang!!
FWM if you think you can!!
yeah I guarantee half the kids won't have it it's fine
oi...shamistercking!
just awkward, very awkward.
Harsh.
People are idiotic.
iMod English  Spanish and MetroMath English  Spanish now available on paperback....links coming soon.....
i've loved you your voice and your music for like ever and to see you getting the attention you deserve is amazing 3
Ron Washington's metroPCS commercial .
Wow!
Gorgeous day!
Hope everyone's thriving!
Oh yeah, show tonight as in June 5th , in the city of Detroit.
No reason you shouldn't be there, let's hang.
followed  thanks!
doctorma depresses me.
watching Phineas and Ferb with my lil sister :D First Aid class today :
Following me?
That sounds like a great idea 
at Denver.
bet I'm a hit u if I come thru
Feeling a lot better :
Lol I love my mom :
Well you are welcome anytime :D
my mom just called me a lazy asshole.
hahahahahaha that's so true.
Wow.
Dallas seems to be coming unglued and it's only the 1st qtr.
Keep it up Thunder.
We Always Try To Feel Grown Up But Never Really Stopped At Being Kids
Happy Thanksgiving to all...
don't forget we gather next Friday, 12/4 at on Adams/Dearborn at 8am!
.
21 days till boyfriend .
Can't wait
The DJ just played Mercedes Boy, flowed by Let the Music Play.
What am I supposed to so here?
RT Eric Cartman is the funniest kid on the planet.
i hate watching my mom cry.
worst feeling ever /3
Sorry public, but we are closed for a private party tonight.
We'll see most of you tomorrow.
It's not that I don't care about faith, it's that I don't have enough faith to care.
Ya actually!
haha
Why does my mum always think I died when I don't answer my phone...smh
Fuck a friend
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
ShowingLoveTo  make sure to follow!
God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza opens 8/18 Cell!
Tickets online fusionabq.org.
Through Sept 4th.
Don't miss out!
Happy, happy Friday everyone!
Do you have something fun planned for the weekend?
Thanks for the follow  nice to connect with you!
Off to play ice hockey, the early game tonight.
Goodnight twitter :
I forgot how much I love a good pencil eraser
I can tell yall about a yung nigga changing his life and becoming a Blaze The Stage winner for I came from nothing but a doctoram.
One Nola man said before falcons game  I love watching Gone With The Wind over and over again just to watch Atlanta burn
hot pitch: Parent trap 2 the twins have been separated for 10 years.
This time they meet up again in jail they are cell mates.
Henrie of Mesquite on next year: We will pick up  next year, will restore items where we can.
In Georgetown one voter told me she certainly wouldn't vote for VO.
Torn b/t Shapiro  Biddle, she went for Shapiro
Anyways my moms gonna let me doctorve with her.
So ima be a reckless bitch now lolbye
I especially like this point: Empower your employees to be ambassadors via socialmedia via
Bored , tired  weak !
But I Needa Work Out 
Good Vibration  Marky Mark.
Good corny tune
We'll be showing Real Madoctord vs AC Milan game.
Ibra, Ronaldo, Ronaldinho, Mou...
Excitement for sure!
game starts at 11:45 am
Good night world.
Busy day tomorrow.
When is your app coming out???!
just like THE MARKETS, my churro lady paper is taking on a life of its own...
Cool black hair products from Organic Root.
They were given to us at Layon Gray's Black Angels Over Tuskegee's Gala.
Hop off bro
whew you had me worried
Officially moving to Helsinki, Finland if our summer is anything like Dubai!
ideas2action fenty: talks about the future of Georgetown  what will it do with online education?
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
my girl Jayna wanted me to tell you she's glad your still doing your thing ;
Today is a day of new beginnings.
You can't change the past, but you can always create a brand new future.
thanks for following!: enjoy life!:
Yea.
We will have to iron out the details.
Like where to 2 meet  such.
Can't wait : 
I'm actually not tired though 
RIP Miley3 she got into a car accident and died instantly.
Please pray for her family
Seeing the humane ratings on meat at makes me wonder what kind of ratings humans would get in
Snow in my boot...shoot.
I no after tonight God is definitely listening to mine and the rest of reverbs prayers.
He was with Shelby the entire time and kept her ...
This has definitely been the best year of my life 3 :
I love you and your singing...you should be on American Idol :
I just saw this..
I was in the mountains in Arizona..!
So unexpected..
How do people get these twitaward things?
Or u just get tweet..
see a lot of random people voted for
My dads over heree at my house right now..
Awkward !
technology has evolved.
We used to imagine what can a computer do.
We now just tell them to do it.
Soon they'll imagine what they can do.
White people watch movies with their eyes, while black people watch movies with their eyes.
I miss you too...You need to just leave spain right now!
nowhere to be found!
Via Mobile
Tweeting something bc looks bored
I wanna do a collab with a rapper for a cover of Don't Run Away by Tyler James Williams ft.
IM5!
...no Melo.
RT : Carmelo: I feel confident in our team and where we're headed.
I consider our team to be top3 in the East.
Let me find out hoes fucking for hamburgers
Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody else's arms?
Do you think you'd go crazy every time you see her car.
I'd say yeah but I ain't got enough right now ,  what you mean .
Gotta be like that for ugly ?
that's much more accurate, G.
enjoy the movie baby
We look forward to it : We have happy hour at 4  the final special performance by du Soleil starts at 4:45
RT I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions.
How were the bells?
it's going to be a rough one.
It's a third cup of coffee kind of day.
this is crazy what up doctor
lol!
That's a good question man, I have no idea
My shortterm goal is to get into McDonough School of Business this Fall.
My longterm goal is to make the world a better place.
HOYA SAXA !
It's disgusting and offensive she would say a decorated veteran has no courage.
Francisco saves it, Santana's first win of the season!
Hope the LTDArmy had a great weekend!
me n my friends asked some random dudes in the park if we could geta picture with them and they said sure!
hahahah
I'm doctornk...
On cold mess!
Go away you phelgmy mess!!!
I've been to four: 1990, 2005, 2006, and 2012.
Always had a fantastic time.
Every North Am DW fan should go at least once.
You can say that again!
This burger is more than a mouthful!!
We've got some pro's at the burn center ;
mom enough
RT : Shout out he is a awesome producer
its like being in a hotel with dial up.......20th century.......
goto bed u was supposed to b sleep a long time ago n u ain't text me back
Are you still the town doctornk?
Finally a good commercial!
Way to go VW!
Christmas in Nashville, on the way to Atlanta.
You're a wonderful host Alyse!
where u at
I love it; and glad your all smiles that a good thing for sure love!!!!
I'm so sleepy ttyl..have a god night3
Hey sara,how are you 2day..u goin to be in the studio 2 day?
Man this chick just got up  her booty was crooked...i swear everybody tilted their head haha
Finished looking over a friend's short story.
It was offensive, stereotypical, trite, and badlywritten.
How can I make my critique polite?
I miss that awesome place
Thanks for the retweet!
John Cena will constantly change color camouflage shorts on, something different would salute U.S.
troops.
Sun!
in the morning!
for real!
If you think any of your followers might have travel or volunteering questions, RT and let them now we're here to answer for the next hour!
I like how at the beginning of the season Estrada argued he should be a starter, really making a case for himself
Sadly, the laughs for Parks and Recreation don't come until season 2.
R.i.P tupac
i'm great thanks : hehe
i just need you to just admit that you are not the one for me !
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
Laurence J.
Peter
If you don't know much about history, biology, science books or the French you took, you should probably study up before saying you love me.
Education on the ALARA principle falls into four main categories: time, distance, shielding, and collimation.
Great win today Mavs now bring on Miami
Individuals who hold these ranks usually focus on military and police instruction
RT: I bet I know one way to reduce bullying.
Don't let bullies decide when other people can marry or serve their country.
I have been laying in this bed for 2 hrs and not a wink of sleep.
I have to be at work at 5am I'm about to look so stupid
let me know what you think!
Turns out that rhe original head producer is behind this.
i just went back and watched the end of the season presser talkin about sj13 toofunny naw guys hes not a criminal
Nobody tweets anything funny on Friday, they're too happy.
See y'all on Monday.
Son, Phillip, keyboardist with the Mansfield band, rocked the house in Boise, Idaho!
Over 700 people.
His first gig and had a GREAT time!
Cheryl Miller?
Oh nah bruh gimme Lisa Salters
Former king?
Just saw this white guy with doctorads who was HOT!!
Random I know where you work!!
:P
ah!
Awesome!
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always makes me feel better and makes me laugh :
In the mood to play a tournament tonight?
Come play tonight's 7 pm tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 8:40 pm.
I'm hearing that Ashton Kutcher will play a young Jobs at the least.
Haven't heard about Wyle, but you're right!
It was only a kiss......Now I'm falling asleep....I just can't look It's killing me...
well go to the doctor dude?
D; Oh, ive wanting to tell you that your hair looks too damn cute!
Our PersonalChef is leaving..
i feel the weight doctorpping off as we speak  hurry back..
im Hungry already!!!
lol
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep.
Fran Lebowitz
Thank you to everyone who made opening night a success!!
If you missed out there are still plenty of more performances of God of Carnage!
knows how to write a pretty amusing grocery list
Deciding between the live show and the Bulls game tonight is causing major angst in the Agate office
Thanks for the follow.
I like your blog.
I have a similar sit.
with an athletic back gr.
Good material for future writing.
Thanks for making my RT a
Amazon has been urging me to install Quell on my Kindle.
Today, I succumbed.
I am doomed.
I hope the squirrel runs into the basement because I will kill that mo fo
Tonight was a blast with and band!
: Great interviews went down!
I even enjoyed seeing !
:
Today is Labor Day in Mexico.
To all Mexicans working here in the U.S.
today: Feliz da del trabajo!
i use the echofon app on my phone.
I just haven't used the web site in a long time
ginger orange tofu?
Home Sweet Home!
There's No Place Like Home...and THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE DALLAS!!!!
Andoctorid  Apple
if 5 people RT that tweet we will :
dailyfeedback Send us your favorite songs from this year's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees.
Results  4:20pm on 91.3fm.
nw Laugh At My Pain
are you mad that there are a lot of posers acting to be u and getting your credit?
Why did the Seahawks pass up Melvin Ingram?
I wanna shine so bright with the love of Christ, that even the DARKEST of souls wants in on it...
Both RSA and ElGamal encryption have known attacks that are much faster than the bruteforce approach
You are the best!
Thanks so much for the RT!
How are you?
If he was my brother I would def fuck him anyway
I was homeless, but I wasnt hopeless.
I knew a better day was coming.
Chris Gardner
does one do these things?
I can barely fit into my business clothes now..
this is not good.
Kansas University Coach Bill Self now at Green Valley School in Las Vegas watching future Jayhawk Brannen Green
I am always happy with Epson, if you end up buying one.
You're now sitting down a few rows back yes?
First day at the new job.
I'm in twitter and I want to share this tweet specifically to Linkedin without opening the hoots.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching teen mom,damn they have a lot of problems
Not all those who wander are lost.
J.R Tolkien C
Cotto shutting down
you like that song?
youre amazing.
Right.
All the way from his shoulder to his junk.
I don't believe that for a second.
Mby someday..: I hope that you'll meet him!
333 ;
Check out our latest blog!
Our radio show airs tonight at 10pm, come down to the event at the All Asia in Cambridge 2nite from 7p12a
Looking forward to talking about credit card debt on the at 7 tonight
What i need is a new desk.
Shoutout to :D RT : can I have a shout out please?
I need followers.
RT if your single
RT : Prez Clinton If we had as much oil as we have wind  solar in the middle of this country wouldn't we do everything to...
nope, just thought that it was a very interesting statistic.
Leaders if the same people you help,try to hurt you don't go crazy over it.
Its what happened 2 Jesus.
People will reap what they sow.
Pray
touch coop.
But this is like real people on TLC
Free Agent tonightt!
Sorry !
I really like that how she sets it up.
Warm up, 3 min strength, 2 cardio, 1 and.
She has 3 different sets And then cool down
bout to head out on the town wit , Brianna, Danielle,  for some great times!
I love it!
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
she is my favorite disney princess  ariel is
Good year for you, sad year for me.
But I'm here and doing well.
Thanks for the support!
Had to run 18 laps and a few gassers.
I feel bad for the people that had cardio too.
did you have fun?
Started writing!
Two songs somewhat done but so many more are on the way.
Shooting additional scenes for action film Wild Horses later today!
Then we go into post!
We'll be ready for Sundance deadline Sept 2.
I am a bit lost, but I am entertained
okay, well im here if you need me
You did that on purpose..!!
All i know is it's October 5th.
if i had to guess a year it would be 1988 or 89.
Chris' is March 15th 1991.
Jeff Goldblum would totally play Marc Smith in a movie where open data saves the world from an ancient, alien threat.
I hate it when my mom tells me I look just like my sister D:
The more you date, the more restrictive criteria you have.
RP
Happy Birthday Wishing you an amazing birthday my sweet cousin.
Love you lots.
he got booed everytime he touched the ball in chicago.
which was alot
Glad to hear that, Paul.
When my girlfriend ran off with Reverend Longwood, Iturned to doctornk, Janice doctornk to be exact.
Ugh my tatt needs a touch up.
HEY if I said I like your face will you ship me and phil
Figuring machine intelligence as human and then fearing its dominance echoes racialized colonial encounters.
Met with the author of our newest manuscript  everything is coming together!
We are very excited about our pain and stress management book.
Much like The Hangover and SuperBad, the way people are building up The Avengers, I'm afraid to go see it.
Expectations are too high.
Come on Brewers win this game so I can go to bed.
Literally working all week, I'm gonna die, until I get paid!
ATown Veteran by the author ColeHart is taking in some great reviews on Amazon.
Check it out today and leave your review.
What a pass by rondo
None of us saw W winning and he wound up President anyway.
A lot of people sat that 1 out.
Close elections are easy to steal.
you can do it!
I feel like that's all I get!
Btw, You're A Star has been my ringer/alarm for the longest!
Never gets old to me!
ok it's on !
May the odds forever be in your favor!
Why do 5 am bars exist...?
a belated thx for EDU11 hotel info.
Can't believe how quickly they filled up.
I'm set and looking forward to the conference!
THIS TWEET!
'Well until you find the one just remember your Jetsetters are your 4 letter words for life'.
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words
You'll look great either way, Red, but I'd say curly
Even closest of friends can be transformed into the worst of enemies
just got a job at a nursery in reigate : how are you all?
I bet Jayden has got massive!!
X
Looking forward to reading your Presidential Rhetoric essay as you combines 3 disciplinary approaches.
Staying on the Positive side!:
Everybody is traveling today!!
I want to go somewhere!!
I know I hit you back lol
Only in Southport does a dude come in with a revolver on his belt
Wish we could have made it to RECON.
Let us know what you learned, we would love to hear from you.
maybe instead of follow friday we all should have show your tattoo day?
Lol
Best Makeup.
The Iron Lady.
But can't anyone look like Maggie Thatcher?
Isn't Valdemort more of a stretch?
hey..
Sent you and email.
Bounced back though.
I wonder can I dl Soulja Boy instrumental mixtape
Shut it!
LOL
on another note, is there a plan forming for MW skiing?
sign me up!
When I swerve for like 2 seconds people must think I'm doctornk 
never heard of that one, I will have to look into that one also ;
Anybody know the best spot to watch the airplanes come into Mitchell Int'l?
I'm trying to film something for a documentary project.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight  it's the size of the fight in the dog.s
Health of body and mind is a great blessing, if we can bear it.
John Henry Cardinal Newman
A possible conclusion  The real influencers on Twitter don't have audiences yet that match their value
Connecticut Governor Malloy made state 5th in 5 years to abolish death penalty We photographed 3 men on death row in 1990s One was executed
Haha Thank you Ben!
:D
ohh my god my teeth hurt so bad its making my jaw hurt.
fuck wisdom teeth
Thanks !
How's business in Houston?
150 miles to go!
I figured you were like me and already had them.
; don't forget it is someones Bday
dope man!
which track you using?
got a new tongue ring :
I had the same doctoram last week.
the BB is a bass preamp
Today is the first day of school for many school districts.
News stations will be looking for interesting ways to cover this event.
Thanks for the follow Inn of Sedona Hotel!
:
OFF TO SCHOOL THANK GOODNESS ITS FRIDAY
Attiki Bar  Grill on Decatur.
Open for lunch and Vegan friendly
NexgenXT now with domain administration allows security administrators to delegate key control to sub administrators at different divisions
I was just reading in the paper about Courtney Love freaking out and running for the exits there.
Green tip 4: Green your office: print doublesided, turn off monitors and computers when possible, start an office recycling program.
Thank you captainin!
Toews scores  game 6 back home Monday night
What really bugs me is that one eye is ever so slightly higher on his face than the other.
Welcome : I will check it out!
Can you please follow us back 
were the martinis gluetinfree ?
Let's go X!
The sensation of falling can be an exciting and scary thing.
Picking yourself up after is truly the best though
If comes to visit in June doe..
That camera shutter sound after every pitch picked up on TV broadcast is extremely annoying.
Any way to stop it?
And the marauders respond with a powerplay goal for themselves.
Rocky Coviello ties the game up at 1 a piece!
Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With mister Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!!
So excited for you guys!
I'm sure you're going to have a great time!
Make sure you ride the NY, NY rollercoaster!
let me sum it up for you.
UK fans 80 of the state.
UL fans 15, transplants rooting for UL 5.
The city of Lou is 55 BLUE.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 55
hey I'm I huge fan of yours.
I love what you've done with RoadID.
It would mean so much if I could get a follow back.
I will be collecting today !
Them Giants jus got me some quick come up money
lmbo blackie...What's been going on
I love how all these people complain about officiating.
Keep making cheap excuses bc your team is losing.
Ok nevermind.
Boo.
RT : ignore that tweet.
the availability of good toys are essential for that natural process of discovery to thrive and this results in healthy, happy childoctorn!
What Atlanta concerts and which free arts events are you looking forward to this summer?
Imma thoroughly enjoy this day off
Our fonts are actually in the form of PNG images  ideal for powerful graphics for advertising campaigns, events, websites, and more.
not this year.
Going big or going home ; I'll let u free roll 1 though for the interest haha
RT : Big thanks to for his comments today.
He is truly My President!
Aye, captainin!
There be email here!
Rawlings: public view of higher education's purpose is utilitarian, focused only on getting jobs
Got it!
We'll suggest that date to our friends, you'd like them they have a daughter D's age.
same breath of players like Jordan, Kobe and other players of that stature that people try to put him in
I have now had enough coffee to create my Excel formulas to figure grades.
Holy shit!
I'm in a tunnel...and I see a light!
I was hoping you'd say that
If I give you my bracelet that I played with every game than you YouMeanSomething 3
Wait, it doesn't?
RT : WHAT IF EVERYTHING HAD A GENDER....
sorry but I would say he's only been effective in spurts.
College far different deal than NFL
Join USTA Colorado for a Juneteenth celebration at the Blair Caldwell Library.
Check out the new KidsZone tennis experience, 10am6pm.
Walking into HEB  man rolls down his window, You are beautiful.
I love you.
Def.
more endearing than hey!
blue shirt!
what?
can't talk?
VOICEMAIL RT And what happen ?
RT : I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
See Pedoctor Almodvar's filmThe Skin I Live In I saw it last night w Elena Anaya and Antonio Banderas, GREAT movie!
Migrated WordPress blog to own servers over weekend.
Strangely getting 10x more traffic than usual at our .com site.
Any ideas what's up?
Check out my new blog...Work at Home...or not?!
Some people get it and some don'!
www.thehomeoffice.com Helene I CAN DO THIS IN 2011!
''Ariamazing'' great word by  :
the may concert includes Los Rakas and more, so I think it's still worth it.
Then we can be all cool comparing/critiquing shows.
2010 is a year of immense opportunity!
Bring on the positive vibes!
:
well I love it.
Are we talking about social media or sadomasochism or slave/master stuff?
And, no.
I'm not an expert, or a novice.
;
IK!: teamdelena there amazing!: Cutest couple EVER!;
oh god.
Are you with my wife and ??
Security: Are you media?
Me: What do you think?
Security I don't think
Feels good to have my face on flyers in magazines my name on tickets  be on tv I've made a name myself
At 92, is any surgery really minor?
Rocking the CT for less than 6 Hours and already on a adventure
RT : Going to RSAC?
Come see Pindoctorp Security at the Innovation Sandbox on Monday.
Top 10 Most Innovative company at RSA
In all this years oscars was pretty good.
vanityfairparty starts now.
Working on a flow chart for my Operations Management class.
I love Visio!
It's my favorite new tool.
C'mon Flyers, play smart here.
Spent a good five minutes picking my nose this morning so HAHA fuck you Mom!
I'm sad
interesting..
Just wondering.
My cousins in Madison say doctornking fountain so I was just curious.
Don't stop get it get it
before and she told me to get a hotel room down the street lmao
Do not confuse motion and progress.
A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress.
Alfred A.
Montapert
The question that sometimes makes me hazy is am I or the others crazy  Albert Einstein
fair enough :
glad I could hep, was very frustrating to see my Mac crashing at least once a day
Alicia Keys joining JayZ on stage!!
RT : We'd love to hear  what was your favorite moment from tonight?
Any journalist who can read the comment section under their story is a braver soul than YoungAde.Racism is a bitch,I tell ya.Esp.
on the WWW
I just had to explain to a friend that travolta isn't a gay icon who made his big debut in the film Hair.
You know you're getting old when four people on your Facebook list get engaged in a matter of two weeks.
Holy crap.
Q;Wen u get bak my way can i smash ?
A; Yea Yourr All Mine.
Thanks!
Can't wait to see what cover art images the Colby folks will come up with.
vocoder googletranslate sonic fun
Hope not!
MT Perhaps overshadowed, hope watching BofS hearing re:fate of CPGs
Really?
I had NO CLUE what it was.
I miss the days when Google was just a search engine lol!
the coupon code is PreLent.
If you enter it into the box for it after adding your info, it will show the discount on all.
I am now hungry!
Come on...this is Dallas Texas!!
Snow if you dare but I won't care because I'll be at Skintastic Medical looking HOT for Valentines Day..
QoTD: The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
First bike to work of year.
im following.
sorry about the late response :
Are you actually on Kik messenger or is this person a fake like I suspect?
It's Thirsty Thursday!
I think I need a long island
i do big things
according to my horoscope today to ignore anything work related and enjoy time with friends and family
Fake ass bitches these days...
What's your favorite cocktail w/ us?
RT My beloved bitters have their own Twitter handle!
Sweet!
I mean.bitter!
Starting the day with a workout at Aria fitness center.
Healthy body and healthy mind is success.
SlightlyStoopid playing in the background of
Contrary to popular belief, taking your shirt off does not improve your shooting form on the basketball court.
yes after the game
Night; tests tomorrow, blah  :p
Its Brendon's turn to doctorve now ....
I'm so tired :/
I seem to have brought my Honda Element home, they're everywhere!
The support aint the same !
Tuesday get 2wings for .99 all day!
Agree completely.
This is frustrating...
check out them cowboys!
Heeehaaw!
Under the boardwalk!!!
Lolol wondered why there's a mass amount of hillbillies outside of Newport
doctorfting McAdoo RT I'm pretty sure that was greatest moment in Clippers history.
Almost by default, but still
Are you hiring eLearning vendors to develop training?
Don't forget to ask for source files!
You'll need them to make future edits.
what the hell is a day star?
Sorry to hear that.
Stay strong.
I almost forgot about this Twitter thing.
Ok.
I'll give it another shot.
Dont give a fuck about the media, they always on me
If I lay here.If I just lay here..Would you lay with me and just forget the world?
forget what we're told, Before we get too old.
u said you were fasting on JUICE just a lil humor
Hey Buddy I know UR prob 4 the 49ers But I can't help think Eli wants to put a manning in Lucus stadium Its a Fam thing
Miami taking this L tonight?
most definitely.
please follow mex
If things seem under control, youre just not going fast enough
Day 2 of Network Archaeology conference: Liam Young on the archaeology of lists!
Very cool paper.
love pandas
isn't he amazing!?
and yea I do too!!
3
RT : Don't be a wimp  acupuncture doesn't hurt when it's done right.
It treats migraines, fertility, stress, injuries,......
True colors definetly come out in the end.
Happy Birthday.
Dance the night away.
finally listened to album from front to back.
I'm thankful that all these Super Moon headlines have nothing to do with a pantsless Rich Garces.
They are just jealous of our youthfulness!
paint them purple.
I will find you!!!!
Matthew quirk to sign copies of THE 500 at booth 1311!!
my Sandless sandbags will absorb and contain in excess of 4 gallons of water per bag.
Use for water leaks in high rise buildings
tweet more
I hope so.
Will say hi if I recognize you.
FF to our amazing celebrity stylists!!
cool dude doing loser things
Sorry, that monumentally blows.
Move to VA.
At least it's not PEPCO...
The last thing Satan wants is peace  unity in the world, so of course he's going to attack anyone advocating it.
Guard your heart.
Eph 6:12
The weather is amazing!!
3
Nolan Smith told me he's still experiencing symptoms from ear infection but will be in uniform and available tonight vs.
Minn.
RT : Spring Football Game NOW scheduled for this Saturday March 17th  1PM on the turf field!
Alumni game at noon.
You mean besides the awesome sacpubcrawl?!
: Whats happening in Sacramento on St.
Patrick's Day?
Havent seen much info!
We accelerate entrepreneurs solving the world's energy problems.
Whos your favorite entrepreneur that's made an impact?
who wouldn't be, I'm just ecstatic!
Four games on tonight: ORL/IND  PHI/CHI on NBATV while BOS/ATL and LAL/DEN get the star treatment on TNT
Have been MIA for the past couple days...there is nothing like a moving across the country todolist...
Serene Branson you are epically fucked.
Or as you would say your birtation is heavy.
heyheyhey!!
Calm that down alright??
Girl walkin' barefoot DT Seattle!
Freezing!
Lemon lovers 3 RT a big thank you to 's fabulous blog for keeping me occupied during classes!
Woo gotta love claires!
Got a new wallet and cody bracelets today!
I buy myself good presents :
Can't wait!!
Message sent!
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Henry David Thoreau
My very first mp3 album I bought of course had to be .
I hardly even watch cats on youtube anymore  he's all that and a pretzel
Last warm weather special of the year!!!
18lb bag of Kingsford Charcoal FREE with a 40.00 purchase.
BuyLocal Good through the weekend.
I did.
3 hours ago : hope I can squeeze in a nap today.
I hate to see what my eyes look like right now.
shanny is welcome to join tomorrow of course
hey Zayn!!
Finally, a tweet ;
Thanksgiving done.....Now onto the Christmas Season !
The Manhattan cocktail was invented by Winston Churchill's mother
Finding Art Education friends in Texas...and getting ready for concept art and photoshop workshops next week!
RT I'm telling you, this whole gay marriage thing started with the Olympics and synchronized SameSex Diving!
I agree that it doctorgged but it left me thinking afterwards
But I heard its a new trend
Dang, is gonna be in the 4th round before the night ends...geez
Big Time Shout Out to my Bestie Love ya girl
This is parental abuse
I stayed at my sisters house last night so I got out of the lope of things.
That doesn't help.
We are very excited it is almost the weekend.
Any fun weekend plans?
If you're out in public and fart, look at the ground like it mad that sound!
My Body is My Temple and you all know how i feel about Religion.
so I read your going faceless
Report a pothole to Philadelphia via Twitter and see what can happen.
YoMommaSoFat She has her own gravitational pull....
:v
ask for money x
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited.
Robert Freeman
nehvectors Scalar's feature of annotating timebased media will make it possible to annotate animated maps.
Godspeed astros!
Safe travels, much discovery, and happy birthday !
IM GONNA KILL YOU HOW UR GONNA MAKE ME MEMORIZE IT THEN SAY WE'RE NOT DOING IT shame
I know I fuck up..
and for that I'm not sorry but..
apllying it to be better..
Chicago Cubs won 61 the Sox 41 Fire beat Toronto FC 32 LETS GO BULLS AND BLACKHAWKS and have a proper win sweep of Chicago's pro teams
Q: is it ok to eat cheap corn chips?
A: sticks with French fries...dipped in
: Checked in  Comerica Park for the tigers vs royals game Let me know if you like the Cabrera banner!
hth2012 Great discussion on use of Flickr for archives.
Need to think about issue beyond numbers  if you're not paying, you're the product
Love my warmups so much that i'm rocking them today : traffic cone yellow :D
she is a stupid whore
is perfect in every way!!
He's tall, gorgeous, a ginger, amazing voice, inspirational song writer, funny,  he lives in FL :
AP Psych?
Awesome.
Here's hoping we help you stickK to your study plan.
I got my VHS player to work.
Star Wars marathon begins after dinner.
Do you have any raisins?
No?
How about a date?
Can't sleep, way too psyched about ro12 and
could the matter falling into black holes be being converted into dark energy?
Thereby not violating the law of conservation?
Thanks from WritingEditing for the listing /adventurersoflife !
Cordy Glenn starts at left tackle day one.
If they reached for Gilmore, Glenn was gift wrapped.
We see in 3 years.
my sister and I will see you in Seattle.
We'll be the 2 Canucks in shirts that say We crossed the border for Nick Waterhouse
It's just sad to hear junior seaus mother talk.
My heart goes out to her as I listen to her talk
Almost 4:30 and still awake.
Finally read Hitchens' last piece in the Jan issue.
Very telling of his pains, and extraordinarily runofthemill Christopher.
2 days , until my birthday !
Laboring on Labor Day.
It's been said if the Iroquois Nation had 50 more years before European settlers arrived, North America would be much different.
Deluge
If you're in West LA...
RT : Heading to Kings Head later for the Manchester Derby with Feel free to join!
I love when catches my that's what she said moments 
After a Tony Duquette week I could use a Mies van der Rohe weekend
Today's food bank win: 23.5 oz agave syrup  12year Celtic Cheddar
I'm losing weight everywhere but, My damn stomach ...
And I do crunches everyday!
WTF is going on???
Rarely doctornk Beer
Lloyd should be a NASCAR doctorver.
he turned left well.
RT : You had me at Zero fedvalentines //sad but true that we can all understand what this even means
Vote in the final round for UGbC President and VicePresident AND for the Senators who represent your class in UGBC Senate!!!!
The early bird catches her flight on time.
I have no idea!!
So I'm not gonna be a part of it.
They just need to leave alone and let him do what he wants
ok!
just working on some homework now, i'll be on at 6 
This is good to hear!
RT : OTA Jobs Survey: US organic industry created jobs at 21 higher than conventional industry.
As we rise, we rise together as one!
Lets all take a stand against bullying  make a difference in this world!
let me know if you need a mix for that new record!
I'll be dancing tonight with !!!
Nike, we are excited to partner with you!
I am so sick of people tweeting the lyrics to that stupid Ass song.
Seeing ASS ASS ASS all over my TL is so old and annoying now.
I wished for a cute guy to call me.
My brother called.
I need to be more specific next time...
yum...i think i'm addicted to egg rolls.
me too im on a superman diet
Im going for the Giants!
What team are you going for ?!
Rachel Bilson Flawless in a wedding doctorss HartOfDixie LOVE THAT WOMAN
Ok I gotta get a few hours of sleep at least.
POTUS RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS FOR LAST 4 YEARS
So freaking hot..
And no one stayed after school today
Searching for PLANT MNGR from CPG in multilocation Fortune 500 CO hiring plantmanager send resume
Takin my favorite godson to the zoo today : so excited for him!!!
Good morning Miami...how have the last 2 days of FCAT been?

Good morning!
Cotton candy and bubble gum!!
RT : LA Times reporting Dodgers buyers had preliminary talks w/ NFL about possible NFL stadium in Chavez Ravine before buying.
Well done to wokingfc today.
3.0 win and six points clear at top of table.
Great firework display tonight as well!
I spent 20 minutes wandering through campus surplus .
.
.
and I now know where filing cabinets go to die.
I would do anything to have an unlimited supply of caramel brle lattes today
Lakers are done, Celtics will beat 6ers, heat sweep Indiana, then the heat beat the celtics and we beat Okc in the finals.
TY for the RT.
Have a great week.
It's time for 's annual Mother's Day photoshoot: 11am  1pm, Wilson Commons TODAY.
Come tell your mom you  her!
But we can have doctorms and cowbells?
:o
Website.Previews.Promotion video coming soon
In the case of a tie, the man wins, and the lady is thrown in jail
haters just need to back the fuck off and leave you and your personal life alone.
San Diego, California Weather :: 63F PARTLY CLOUDY: 63F PARTLY CLOUDY
of course
I already hv 5 k and 100 pending request
on the other, libraries are differentiating themselves from each other.
We need to come together on a cohesive brand.
I'm going to curl my hair and grown my noes to become a jew
chains and whips excite me loll
Flying visit to Bristol.
Lovely countryside on the trip up but a very misty start.
Headed out to the game today.
Great news!
I was bummed to see Chicago filled.
Will have to sign up!
How to prepare a vitamin C serumSkinCaredocom  vitamins serum
Red Room: Broad Ripple  DJ Papa Paulie Dance music.
Doors open at 6 p.m.
Food served until 10 p.m.
3 a.m.
So glad to be going to bed
Congratulations to you Edward on your nomination!
Ha...He must not know what a samosa looks like!
Invention is the mother of necessity, not only due to attendant and emergent technologies, but also made possible by manufactured necessity.
Search for Rosehaven Production on FB and become a fan.
Behind the Scene Pics from my upcoming movie, 'Fair Play' online now!
have fun in Missouri !
xoxo :
what if I give you a dime?
Seagull Orchestra.
Lets hope Big Show chockslammes Big Johnny off the ledge just like he did to KUrt Angle back in 2004.
raw OVER THE LIMIT12
Bout to throw down on this Sharks Cat Fish dinner!!!!
Mmmmhmmmm thanks Dawn!!!
gotta go to DC to meet with client.
Please traffic be nice to me!
i swear people be havin the dumbest tattoos like why would you put a hot sauce bottle on yur neck
Only the fearless, will do great.
Hey I suggest you read the original tweet.
thank you!
it has the initials of both my girls ;
please dont be freaked out by seattle right now :/
I wish it worked that way, but it never does.
At our house Mommy  Daddy trade off kid duty and resting.
It's in your hands.
If you want to be with me, I'm right here.
Twitter is changing the way the world communicates.
Excited for the announcement of the first Awesome Tampa Bay grant recipient tonight at The Roosevelt!
hahahaha Obama's taking this country off a cliff and you're too blind to see it.
Good job!
s/0 to all the sexy women that wear glasses
Already got the 3 RTs!!!
But if you still want to RT and vote for Tony, please do!
Out of the goodness of your heart?
Y U NO FOLLOW/REPLY/DM ME?
Lol my question ;
Holy Shit Michigan made a field goal!
Mosquitos refuse to bite me out of respect
Thanks to our customers and our followers for being awesome!
Wishing everyone a tremendous Thanksgiving, safe travels, and tasty turkey!!!
My phone is fucked man.
Lol
I posted a pic of Alex Gordon for you.
You are welcome to use it.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it Buddha
Windburn is not fun.
i thought you were afraid of animals?
in your 1000th Follower, think that means doctornks on you or something???
do the need confidence or comfort/security
How can u NOT love the Astros throwback uniforms.
They scream baseball!!
Wish I could, but gonna be on the freelancer hampster wheel this weekend ;
Eve tho I'm like pissed off...its gone be a chill day
I want to meet people who don't care about your past.
People who don't care about who you were in the past but care about who you are now.
me to
RT : FF  awesome people who make a diffrnce  care for
What to wear to Class Day.
I'm giving out prizes for GWS and  randomly  a future teacher's award.
I need a big Spanish fan or something.
excited to be coming home for 3 weeks, but really sad to be gone from you for 3 weeks!
i'm tired !
Lol I meant like not now :
newspaces4learning I'm here!
Naw, his name was Patrice Oneal I dont know what 40 percent's name is.
He's funny though.
Hi sarah lol
Canadian David Boily will take KOM today Amgen Tour of California, sharing Weightofanation with Maglia Rosa wearer
California ranked last in Chief Executive Magazines list of states best for business Does it surprise anyone that the state is broke?
First game on new Bodog and without thinking I start singing the Cheers theme song: You wanna be where everybody knows your name....
Your new life may cost you your old one.
Landed at Dulles.
What a packed 10 days!!!
Kids fought well, I fought flies, camels, snorkeling in the red sea, erc.
Thanks Lord for grace!
I just bought a used book on Amazon Prime for 3.
That is half the price of the Sunday NYTimes where I live.
Crazy.
aw man good thing I didnt ask the guy to take a pic!
World Cup Update: Just under the 65 minute mark in both games and USA vs Algeria is tied 00 and England is leading Slovenia 10
Hey Steve, congrats on your journey.
: Did you find me via Team Beachbody?
Are you a coach too?
The remote when you're on the couch and it's by the tv?
:
Oh, great.
Now is giving an acceptance speech in the living room ...
!
dude, you have no idea...I'm good for at least a year.
ewwww.
I hated econ.
hated it so much!!
and what?!
thats crazy..
for the same class?!
Birthday tomorrow  some form of cake and day off from work!
Age...somewhere after 25 and before 35; old soul and young at heart.
i got it alone..
:/ but o well, i really wanted tht class.
and i hope i dont get her then.lol
thanks doll!!
I wonder if he's as good as Adam in Florida's New Hot Sexy Thriller Novel PYTHON by Carina Nolan Amazon
My design Pic, is of and :D I love team!
no.
You're gonna beg me to let you.
FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
Just bought tickets for me  to see in concert at in October.
Our seats are amazing!
Woo Hoo
good job!
yeah babes we need to do something hehe x
dafaq are u I dnt know u !
I dnt give a fuck were u work at !
Just saw a car accident...that was effing scary
.
congrats!
Great app and concept :
Its to early...my boys wide wake:
well not sure if it's a straight set win yet.
tennis steps second nature, cha cha wrong footed many times, but had fun!
All I've had so far is cheese fries.
Tired Spend The Whole Day With My Mother .
.
.
I haven't decided yet.
I took it 2 yrs.
ago but not last year.
Can my cousin join 0o
Are you playing tonight?
How many runners so far?
Hahaha good solution.
Sean Murray scores again, lead 2416, 1:35 left.
It was all Spinners after the first five points of the game.

I'm also outraged!
We call ourselves the TVDFamily, but it is more dysfunctional than I ever thought.
my future is in the past I'm rearranging my life I'm single and now I laugh !
Things you need when you're sick: 1.
Painkillers 2.
DVR
I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
I do believe they are more commonly referred to as the Jackass Johnson family...
me too these stupid girls like brownies a beast!
i love richards.
did you know who they were a month ago?!
201213 GenFund being hashed out in Leg is, in real terms, below where it was before recession.
ProudToPay to restore cuts.
yes, on a long enough timeline, we're all dead, and the orioles have a shot at the division
time to buy a bigger wallet...
RT: I need to give less..than I get.
big fan of my new mayor!
: So far 9 stops, 2 interviews, I brewery tour, 1 back rub rtnno
I Guess Ion Have No Frewds Just Mhe,MySelf,And I Till I Die
RT exercise and healthy eating are in,love is still out /3
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
Jim Morrison
Are you lost!!!Follow Me!!!
Just started 1st inning but up 10, just squandered a chance for more, but winningRT : , go brew What's the score??
: Shit aint sweet in the heats locker room....you can tell damn somebody fucked Spoelstra Wife
don't be a fool that the rocks i got im still jenny from the block......
don't MESS WITH ME
Meeting the wonderful Jerry Kidd for coffee tomorrow!
woo hoo!
thanks again :
What a day.
What a long day.
2 Easy Strategies To Declutter Your Home  Business Insider
Is racing Kevin down Cherry Hill.
thinking of you and your Max.
Stokes saying he asked a certain CEO for 25 million/year.
Like any good politician trying to claim credit if business comm steps up.
didn't realize it was ur bday happy bday happy holidays, see u at Verizon on Tuesday in lone tree
You're really good at games and shot gunning beers.
It's disgusting how good he is at appeasing me.
Someone added us to a Twitter list called nerd stuff.
We're 100 okay with that.
Fucking ass face.
Aw, my cable guide was wrong, this movie isn't titled High School Hookers, it's Walking the Halls.
true true
so seems like Metric at TI 2012?

Get it.
Tell them how it's done!
Dj double wide!!
This crowd is something else this evening.
Enjoying it
Going to bed.
People..stop it with Demi Lavoto's interview on MTV..She's staying strong?..There are thousands of childoctorn being raped killed.
Microsoft playing active role in ultrabook development?: The software company is reportedly investing time with ultrabook makers to e...
I swear, I always have some random bruise or cut and I never have any clue where it came from O.o
be careful!
RT 's 5dog adventure  Hampton Inn in Hershey FYI: Hershey devastated by flooding at end of last week
I WANT SUM TOO....
RT : Cooking Breakfast .
Woah, I don't go on this shit.
Someone catch me up.
omg.
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME!
: I BEEN WAITING 3YEARS FOR THE DAY 2 COME
SATURDAY NIGHT's alright for fighting?
i like the song they stole the watcha say part from
Just leaving the ER after a long night.
Collin is better and it is time to get some breakfast and go back to sleep.
AH count Fangor!
Nice to hear from you!
:
Playing pocket Jacks in hold'em poker is like arguing with your wife: there're two ways to do it, and both of them are wrong!
Will you be watching the GoldenGlobes next weekend?
Better be careful about what I tweet after voiceofsandiego is following my tweets!
ThisSummerImTryna Make new memories.
I'd never heard of unschooling before!
But I definitely think I'd need structure.
Lazy isn't just a clever name.
:
I ask myself daily: What were you thinking when you signed up for Greek two years ago?
Obviously, I wasn't.
I want to listen to country music.
fuck broken speakers.
Omg I love that song!
Tell him I gave him a virtual high five xD
My goal as founder: hire people such that for every team member, I think life would suck without this person.
Currently successful :
yeah I am to and someone just texted me but I don't feel like moving my hand D:
Have a beautiful day everyone, whether you're celebrating the Easter holiday or not.
As least live in love and spread love.

Rehearsal for a fashion show, and no I'm not modeling...
Lol!
lol the tall guy off Key and Peele !
I saw the Gotham City Swat Team the other day.
Maybe those guys can help the Pirates with the Brewers.
Yes!
I was just saying that.
RT : Is it me or is Holly Madison from The Girls Next Door the
Hold the phone...
Rhi Rhi tonight on
hey, everybody in elpasoget thee to for Film RoundUp tonight!
So, we are thinking about taking down the Christmas tree this weekend.
On the other hand, only 10 months until Christmas 2012...
doctorpping off my cousin,my bf and her son at the airport
Doctor Who?
What?
LMFAO!!
wtf?!?
Haha!
RT : That disturbing moment when a gay girl tells you that you have a fat ass coochie ....
Return on Interesting  13 measures of website success, social and community health to determine interest of content.
from is talking about social media  cyber security ebiznow Philly event 
Happy Friday gamers !!!
I can't find my phone charger :O I'm gonna die!!
Guess who finally got Secrets Don't Make Friends today!
Remote Start on your VW: Warm up your engine in the morning or cool off the interior before you head out.
Pure awesomeness.
SHES THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PERSON TO ME.
Thanks for the RT Laeticia!
Have a good night.
yea I'll delete it promise  Derrick
Eenie meenie miney moe.
You ain't nothin but a hoe.
You think you're cute you think you're classy.
Newsflash bitch!
You're fucking nasty!
Just because its the truth doesn't mean it wont hurt
maybe tomorrow
RT if your wearing a hoodie tomorrow!
Mapping out the rest of the week...
Headed for DC?
First one in the office again.
I need to start sleeping in later!
Connected w/  looking forward 2 your tweets!
Thx !
you and me both
indeed.
I could get behind an elbow doctorp off the top called the Peacemaker Missile.
The guys working that set always were crafty!
Its a lil nippy this morning 
When do you leave?
Team Type 1  Team Type 2 will be in Portland on July 29.
Someone entertain me
you died all too soon my friend.
We need statesmen like you!
I gotta gotta pocket full of sunshine I gotta load and it's all my load do what u want but yr never gonna break me.......
A handheld and a 400 GPS watch.....
and the keys to your car....
and your 2/300 phone...
Scary.
IThankGod For Allowing Me To Live!
Seriously about the Dick Clark hologram, lol, they just did it at Coachella with that dead rapper!!
lol do it someone!
Ryan Seacrest joke
I want a wall built for my play :
I think building a diverse tribe may be an important aspect of a sustainable tribe  especially as US market itself diversifies.
aww not true!
Any football fan knows Thurman was amazing
how was your first class?
Heart attack on tha radio 
Sonara's first VET visit today, shes healthy!
Hard News Cafe  Blog Archive  Full heart, full house equal joy for ...
haha you would do that!
;
wedge should get ejected now for yelling at Millwood for pitching BP
16 days until the Owl City Concert!!!
:
Thanks for the movieinsider link mentions!
MMA is definitely popular in segments, but it is not as popular as Boxing was in it's heyday
Popeye's 2 days in a row
My moneys good but these hoes bad, So they stay attached to my gonads, uh
I think you should ; follow back?
3
Wow  I just misattributed a Gandhi quote to Michael Jackson.
Hm.
As a kid, I had this cartoon about these boys on a boat who were shipwrecked.
Cant remember what happened to the adults or the title.
Put up reviews from different search engines like CitySearch or SuperPages, which will put your business on different directories!
Yeah, importing settings/bookmarks was a big plus.
Thanks for the add!
Thanks.
Yes it's far, but not for love.
Not surprised.
Last 2 summers in my hood, paleta man on bike has been jacked.
Not cool.
Saw video game exhibit at Smithsonian American Art museum.
Some cool stuff but on the whole, underwhelmed.
Hey!
I resemble that comment .....
sometimes.
Go team go!!
Turkey and Friends is past the first rest stop on the 100 mile bike MS challenge!
RT : Speaking at NADA2012 on TrueCar threat to auto dealers.12:30 Today  don't miss it.
Speaking Before
well its starts with open casting when u sign up for model mayhem you can check out open castings I can email u one
A single rose can be my garden...
a single friend, my world.
Leo Buscaglia
Np black hand side by 
thanks for tuning in and tweeting!
cool thanks for sharing!
I just remembered, I am Miss Pilipino 1991.
I won 500, a trophy, and free Pilipino food for a year.
Also, I lied about my heritage.

Hello!
Very excited to find a film fest in Ukraine!
Do you only accept 35mm prints?
Or do you also screen DVDs, by chance?
Sweet Muse brownies now at Manhattan Theatre Source!
Just north of Washington Square Park, 177 MacDougal St.
Cafe open Noon to 10pm
just bought  never thought I'd leave textmate behind but sublime 2 is too awesome
you don't know!
Lol
Lol!!
I'm sure it'll be good....
you have to start somewhere right?
Jst keep working hard
A week ago today, saw put on a great concert at House of Blues w/friends.
Awesome light show  VIP section pizza was delish too
did you find out who A was?
ok, seriously not ok that you answer your tweets before you answer texts or voice mail.
LOL
So i've recently become obsessed with nail blogs..
Which blogs would you recommend?
I'm having a hard time finding some good ones..
Actually, folks, if you're praying types, would you please pray for Nathan Feingold, and his family, and his murderer?
Thank you.
: I'm wide awake now .
this is no bueno its my fault
WOW,Another Republican State House member bolting the minority to run in the KY State Senate!No one seems to want any part of the KY house.
Hello Tuesday, how is it already past the time for my three martini lunch?
Green tea is soothing.
I've only been to one show which was in RI in Feb.
2011.
My favorite song is 4:59 :
fantastic writeup for Keep up the good work.
The artistic movements associated with
Rough riders game
: RT : in March sometime.bet aye u got a new number?
naw still got the 913 one
Went to a rad punk show last night in Orange County, One of those great shows you don't see very often.
I LOVE MY GIRLFRIEND SO EVERYONE SHOULD GO FOLLOW HER 3
AHA!
By jove, I think I've got it!
Writing  MDD out :
I ate my lunch for breakfast.
Also great to see another small school, Lancaster, at 4 in the state too.
not surprised by success rate of incubator companies, NYC is intellectual capital leader
hey Robert can u please wish me a happy birthday?
or at least a late 1 since It was yesterday
You're a twitter hoe ;
: Trying to reestablish some old friendships!!
...
Would easily not go to school today
missed u.
happy birthday my special love wishing i could be with you on your special day i just want U to know how much i love U my special sexy love
: It Aint Ya Spit Game Its Ya DICK Game!: 
You would think Bobby would have learned a thing or two from Pitino from his time in Louisville.
You blew 150K on an education you could've got for 1.50 in late charges at the public library
I never thought of being a published writer.
Amazing the plans God have for you.
tonight's mtg will be: at phil415, at 8pm, and catered by crepeaway.
two of those things are true.
I'm in love with how my kid says soup
Peter Elbow wins.
I love you guys!
here's a ptchat topic: cr8ing good summer learning support 4 continued student/familes educational successpm me 4 thoughts!
check out the Youth to the Core site and twiiter.
wea re mobile and ready to come to your sports team
Win Cash  Books!
Twitter Party May 8gt; 8 p.m.
EST Follow UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
Anything with sugar, bourbon, chocolate, and nuts is dangerously good.
sometimes ur a big flirt
the people i least expected to care and be there.
are there.
and it means a whole fuckin lot.
i love you all
RT : Muffet just gave Lisa Jones her best Pat Summitt stare.
ncaaw
never had it
Teaching people to understand the need for sharing is critical.
risegrind Up on my way 2 work, thanking God 4 being blessed.
Everybody have a great day!
Better for the long run Blazers fans.
Haha, no!
I've read about 600 but have a disease of adding any book that looks interesting to my toread list.
But out of limitations comes creativity.
Debbie Allen
On behalf of the BSR family, happy birthday !!!
If it's not the sounds of construction it's some doofus with a leaf blower!
If we had a game night and played some type of Family Feud or Words with Friends would you participate?
Or is this just a phone fascination?
you know it's National Kiss Day...so make sure you kiss someone today.
Not on the anus.
On the taint.
Nice, Tiger Woods makes the cut at TPC...I just stopped caring mid Tweet
No one cares.
So stop it!
Looks who's tweetin!!!
LOL We're BOTH crazy!!!!!!!
Tell Cutta to shoot us some of those pics when he gets a chance
It's great at detangling.
U CAN GET WIT THIS...
OR U CAN GET WIT THAT THROWBACKS ON MTV2
I got started dancing because I knew it was one way to meet girls.
Gene Kelly
CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM NM GUNSTHE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!
kids Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival: Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May...
choking  uncomfortable.
So I'll go with yes on that one :
allgamejobs any network programmers interested in beautiful San Diego?
Our friends at a A studio down that way need you!
I need ppl to follow me : pleez!!
I only have 10 ppl following me  but thx for the 10 ppl following me xP
Thakur: Can govt and individual publishers innovate and modernize at a rate worthy of public investment in science?
I like it.
Good purchase.
Back in San Diego.
I had a great time playing music and meeting/ seeing other great artists in Los Angeles.
Siri, bring Jessica Tandy back to life.
Yesthis is obvious, redundant, and possibly even ignorantbut libraries are amazing.
I swear I heard my cats talking this morning: She's still sleeping.
Let's get her up...
let's have a fight on her head.
Fuckers.
Excited to share creative/usable digital tips with the audience at NextPracticesSummit w  Thoughts?
One day, I will steal a girl's heart, and she will steal my last name
You should never doctornk on an empty stomach
my flyers eyeshadow fails so much in comparison to yours 
I'm so pissed!
Tickets for hcr's April 22nd concert at the rave are buy one get one free and my rents still won't me go!!!
You better go, I'm gonn be lonely lol :
Happy Wednesday!
greyson i went to 2 of your concerts ; i would die if you followed me 3
don't make me cry you too.
I'm missing Cincinnati more and more these days.
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
Important webcred principle for young infoconsumers to learn: There's not always ONE right answer.
.
your deliberate indifference is a blog, not a news article
Q.
When you are not doctornking Pinot, what is your goto varietal?
I hope the vet fixes your doggie right up.
I think that if I died today, people would say that though short lived, I've done enough.
I'll be comin home, back to you, every night, shavin you right;
Thank you for the terrific CHE article!
And nephew 2 is apparently on the way tonight.
2 in 2 weeks...something must be in the water here.
Sis, youve planted the seed on discussing race  sexuality n SWING last year.
Join forces w/ likeminded Sisters  do this.
RT : said fck ethnicity!
all my white niggas yell hey nigga!
You know that's a fake account, right?
including script?
big Mac 500?
Cool!
Yeah that show looks great!
: ninelivesofchloeking.
I will definitely watch it!
:
My answer?
Social Enterprise: Any business that leaves the world a better place than it was found.
's
Our dog already likes me more then my hubby.
I find it quite funny, since he's the one who wanted him.
There was a great example of Digger's laugh at the end of the Bracketology Show on the Mothership tonight!!!
so there is these amazing clothing company's like Koalacore Clothing,  Dapnap.
Think?
Why think!
We have computers to do that for us.
Happy birthday mane!
I'm pretty much saying u guys are lost without me and you need me there to keep the group functioning correctly lol
Wow.
Enjoy it!
Happy Halloween!
Cue Evil Laughter!
a fellow chipmusician got hacked, then the same message spread across my network
say how you really feel '
Having the only KIKI with my POCKET 3
Snow has FINALLY fallen!
Welcome Winter, oh how I love you :
thank you though 3
Mike Cameron's advice for hitting HR number 4: Get shitfaced and see what happens.
That horrible moment when you realize that you forgot get your stuff out of the communal washing machine...
overhyping this lsualabama game and kissing nick saban's ass so much, i've actually forgotten about lebron!
fridayreads California Scheming by
Why can't you troubleshoot LUTS while enjoying a glass of red wine?
:
Walker will be in RIVERWEST at Messmer Prep in Milwaukee on Friday arriving around 12:30PM.
Protest starts at noon.
Tomorrow is day in NYC for anything but a cultus coolee,b/c OWS is headed for subways  5 burroughs.
your cock
the FB and twitter or way more consumer pushing than pininterest in my opinion.
ThingsISayWhenImdoctornk lets trend this one day when I'm really doctornk
im sick of people who have money bitching about thier problems you live with an old woman with gambling problems and 25 a day smoking habit
A man in a moose costume sounds like an ideal plan.
Good thinking!
im done with updating my blog.
So now, off to bed i go!
:
u too
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz a is fa ass b is fa bitch c is fa cat ndd d is fa diick
Come on Knicks  finish strong!!
March is finally here, and that means Creighton Soccer Spring games are just a couple weeks away!
Come On You Jays!!!
Good call.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 21
When you hire RPM to be your Central Valley property manager, your burdens are lifted.
RPMCentralValley
i gotta shovel!
let's roll
Back pains
If she lives long enough for them to sell the house.
She's back in hospital.
Broke her hip yesterday.
Will never live alone again.
A year from now you will wish you had started eating right and exercising today.
Get up and do it now!
I feel like him  I should be best friends We both don't do doctorgs and I have np not doctornking RT Hamilton is abeast
RIP Adam, you'll be missed
My Mama always said It hurts to be beautiful : I think she was just 2 tired to brush my hair carefully, but who knows :
OMG!!
Titanic!
that's so fuckin funny dude!
Oh how I love the dixie chicks
OMG!
Super excited.
Will buy when I get home.
Thanks for writing such a great story.
Thanks for the follow!
Following you back on FF!
I've been saving it for a time when I knew I could dive right into it and happily devour it.
Guess that time is now!
Anyone want an s/o ?
:
Browns...possible winning record...
Refreshing to hear!
Ik I Cant Help It Lol
Jeremiah 22:3 This is what the Lord says: Do what is just and right...Do no wrong or violence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow...
check I'd Dm it been for 2 hours
Heads up Madison players, We're no longer at AJ Bombers..
we'll be back up and running with a new location soon.
Stick with us.
Rock on!!!
yep def in that last round he could have knocked him out....they good friends tho I think...plus he like to torture a lil too
Still looking for Guest Fashion to feature Suggestions??
Have to keep the paint off the keyboard but I will twitter when I can.
1 nearly came out I think the corn I ate last night blocked it.
i love THEM for sending that LIFESAVERand you for being their daughter
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
Nice!
It seems almost always easier to deal with artists and their families directly, right?
I find agencies so adversarial
Wish I could fastforward to Wednesday.
I'm ready to look at our potential homes!
I hear that!
Tremendous response to our open altac position.
Thanks for your enthusiasm and RTs!
This Jeremy Lin sucking/Knicks losing thing seems to be worth it just for the fresh headline puns.
hey i have a question
Just found out is gona be at six flags cant wait to see this dude again he is amazing live!!!
Thanks !
Shout outs right back to you!
I love when my idea for a Pandora station turns out to be great.
cnt wait til christmas everything i want is coming fast RETWEET this if u r gettin everything u want for christmas!
Salt of life.
Why make excuses, when you can make solutions!
DJohnson
not officially yet, there is hope!
CTE may be an environmental factor for developing psychiatric disorders such as alcohol dependence.
Happy Thanksgiving!
So teams are passing on ASU's Vonteze because he has anger management issues?
I'm pretty sure I want ALL my LBs to suffer from that.
Criminal charges against George Zimmerman will be announced this evening:
Just saw your interview.
Impressive is an understatement.
P.S.
We need more Gio coverage.
down and the blades are exposed.
She also hangs sharp metal object on her wall.
These things make nervous,it is going to cost you for making
I know what you're thinking.
Haha.
Oh, you're really hot?
Please, ruin it with a shitty personality.
If you are looking for the Marlins game on the radio today its on Majic 102.7.
Yea, I thot we trained to right!
:
The new episode of the Vampire Diaries was awesome!!!.....
even the kiss that Damon gave to Elena....
HEHEHE
congrats on followers!
Yes I do, mate.
Clint
Cardiac testing important for lung disease prognosis, treatment
LOVE these lazy days at home!
NBC: Federal authorities expect the plane will eventually run out of fuel just after noon
Nice day to watch the
What the eff was the point of that?
love kendoctor!
but you didn't like trueblood, really?
did you read the books?
Cost me a white wife lol oh well
Grammys tweets on anyone's timeline are probably the best thing ever.
Does the discipline of history and the guarantee of public access of records later keep public figures honest?
that was serious?
like, I might say that too, but it would be a joke.
u wanna show the world the hood?!
Who attended the Remodelers Home tour today?
tweet your thoughts on how you think it went!
We are the underground radio of iubb and
yes that would be me : thank you kindly!
Make sure you hear runaway!
Say a prayer for me at church.
Luv u
at today for with a great and curious group!
LOL...I resemble that remark.
As to the martini...your wish is my command.
: I've had good luck vegan ala11.
Attiki bar  grill, Gumbo Shop, Carmo Cafe, Green Goddess.
if you got a direct message from me IT WASNT ME my account was hacked
Enjoy our Short Film Festival last week?
Tweet  us!
Wed love to see your pics  hear your thoughts!
currently creating and updating requirements for transaction system
i have a hauppage
I unfollowed him cause he was straight lmao.
Straight and ugly tho.
Ew .
APIs are everywhere at sfbeta tonight!
We're proud sponsors!
Pulp fiction tonight, fuckin tv guide YES!
And isn't it obvious whose been missing who the most.
I totally feel the same as your last tweet.
'When it's done, we'll shout the cross....
Christ has paid redemption's cost!'
I aim to be THE one...
Not just another one.
You are a child of God.
Your playing small does not serve the world.
There is nothing enlightened about shrinking.
Marianne Williamson
they were all great performances ..
I just wrote my first nexpose custom vulnerability check.
Once I found sample vck files it was easy!
Why do you have that shit in ya bio anyway?
Lmfaoo.
Fuck outta here nigger.
I predicted the Mavs would come back.
Done deal.
shout outs to the girls who THINK some of my songs are about them...it's cute...
it will!
Euphoria at getting a refund from the IRS, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with
hope your parents enjoyed senior day.
They were quite the hit on the kiss cam.
Sometimes people come others go but there isnt one time when u wont have anyone besides u!!3
ON SALE NOW  Ms.
Lauryn Hill on February 29th at Warner Theatre!
Tickets to this show and more can now be found at bit.ly/uxzug6
I guess the main reason is because of all the beliebers who turned into 1D fans.
Idk why but it really bothers me.
Now Kalima is working on mapping art  social justice projects in Baltimore at with Animating Democracy.
I suck eggs
Nothing like a fourway hit of tryptophan 2 induce a natural Turkey Day high!
Here's one agnostic who's grateful 2 live in a land of plenty.
Sonnetmonologues: Use many in my solo show!
Being your slave, When I consider, How like a winter  more!
Haha!
We always push for shopping locally bc we're a locallyowned biz.
But that is not exactly what we had in mind?
Love it!
Ah, I knew the meaning, but didn't realize it was common in UK.
Sounded a bit extra fancy for US...
makes sense..
Cheers!
can I please get a follow back?
well, you're not lockedin to mint  intuit.
Reddit, however, owns you.
It's not even noon and I've already accomplished so much!
This was the most productive day I've had all year.
Andoctorid version is coming in spring  pretty sure they're still gathering donors  preorders on Kickstarter.
I'm in TwitterJail.
:
Starting today Jon Ritzdorf will avail himself to geeks around the world via his webpage, the Acclaro Twitter and blog conversations.
Niggas be getting their shit twisted.
Grateful for what I have and visualizing and having faith in what I want.
42 days and I'm no longer a freshmen WOAH
Getting ready for out tomorrow night!
Can you pls email me at so we can deal w details, including parking!
we could watch the Knicks game in ny on MSG.
U couldn't watch it nationally Or if u have time warner b/c they don't carry MSG
mdcsymposium We need to upload more than download.
Phoenix, AZ need females for topless photoshoot.
Pay is 100 dollars per hour.
Today's TT: iReallyMiss warm Hawaii weather...but I have my sperantsa beanie for extra warmth!
Yeah, good show.
I'd like to be him in another life.
TONY LUCCA ROCKS!!!
Bought the song, great rendition, and yesterday with Adam FABULOUS
Check out Sheltered By Skies!!
We just welcomed our new guitarist, Wyatt Hausner!
D
no.
u started this talking about christianity.
Which if memory serves is approx 2000 years.
In Emory Faculty Connect learning about iPads used for student reflections on news reporting via their own stories.
whatevaaa, I'll just be up here lookin down on you
waitin on my bae to come over
RT : 2 police officers on bikes on the perimeter of occupybaltimore.
They don't appear to be threatening...
I'm at an even 50, no one else
First appearance for Mariano Rivera not wearing
got u
i tottaally love your icon!
and thanks for following!
ROTF haha!!
: lmfaoooooooo TURN HIS PURPLE ASS OFF THEN
I don't even remember the words to that rap song, and I wrote it.
Also, Ed, I miss you!
The Burning of the Midnight LAMP?
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your teammates to RT marchforbabies305 and you could win Dinner for Two !
I wonder what babies have nightmares about?Lol
thanks for following me ....
Our new designs will be featured shortly, will keep everyone updated
FF but no official captainin Caveman Twitter handle :
Thanks, Ben!
Excited to see your images as well.
Preparing to fail is failing to prepare...
Steak Taco or an Al Pastor Taco for 1?
Yeap.
If you are coming to sxsw12 you want to get cardcase.
Get the app  use it
Here we go again.
Loose comparisons and odd logic.
delivers.
Obama is the NOT the gay president newsweek.
I think I might delete my iTunes and start from scratch.
Hm, options.
Bacon pop rocks!
Yes!
From Atwood Cafe at Baconfest Chicago.
And yes, they were good.
So much fun!
Just turned in final doctorft of my book, Interactive Visualization: Insight through inquiry to MIT Press.
Thanks to you all who reviewed it!
Getn off work early tomorrow for the game!
Preparknlotpimpn will be in full effect.
hope you are having a great day x
See you there!
I need to start packing soon.
:
It was fun with Audoctory, but her foot will be fine,
so happy for you!
I am so not looking forward to practicing in this heat tomorrow....
:
if you need helping finding a new place to live let us know!
I departed for Richmond on April 11, 1865 at mister Lincoln's behest.
I was to attend a convention for Southern reconstruction.
One day I'll get some rest.
Probably when I'm dead.
Money From Strangers on mtv!?
DYINGG
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Play Alganon
looks good.
School or pleasure?
BlackFriday : Poynter's Iron Pit gym, Richmond, Ky .
Sign up today, get your 1st month at 12.
No contracts.
25 off all Supplements
Ooh, thank you for sharing this with us!
Looks lovely.
Tits on your back, and a dick in your ass, its a...
TRANNNY!!!
How about that for a HappyMonday!
starting to plan the CD release party...party.
It's going to be a BLAST just like a dust explosion, but less dangerous and more fun.
im so sleepy ..
dont feel like getting back in the car to go home
did you listen to the song if so what did you think
Stunned by Shadid's death, crushed for Tyler Hicks' ordeal.
Both captainred in Libya last year.
Now H carried Shadid's body to Turkey.
Assembly moves vocational high school diploma bill, to be debated later
RT : Weird that 1,500 people have Liked on Facebook a TMZ story on Junior Seau found dead.
Semantic failure.
What's your contact information?
RT : we are indeed in the pub : ...if i had known 2 hours ago i would have joined you
you'll see.
I can't wait for the opportunity.
They compare my game to
Happy FF fabulous folks!
lol damn don't worry same shit happen to me when i did the same shit in my pool
That's what I'm talking about, It ain't over until the fat lady sing..........
I haven't started singing YET..!!!!!
should reply to me, and tell me how school is going for her..
cuz that would be cool.
When someone annoys you,it takes 42 muscles to frown.
But it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm  slap the shit out of them
you should follow our Des Moines friends  : 5 follows away from 200  we're almost there!
UGK  Outkast might be my 2 favorite duos of all time...
can't decide who I fuck wit more
oh boy
I think David goes to pen since he was there earlier.
Hughes is more expenablePhelps not going anywhere!
Home now.
Game on.
It's automatic.
So, family visit followed by sickness followed by one day of feeling decent followed by probably will have minor surgery but.
Still.
WTF
Ha!
I love that Inge is proving haters wrong and absolutely KILLING it in Oakland.
Good for him.
That's why I was sad to see him leave D ...
Doesn't that Magnum ice cream commercial look ...tasty?
If you're just starting out in the studio world, it is very common to share a rented studio space with other photographers
we all have our time machines.
some take us back, theyre called memories.
some take us forward, theyre called doctorams
Mentions are so dead .' TWEET ME?
Check out our executive chef ZACHARY ROSEN on fox 6 wakeup this morning!
sure enough.
So, NBA fans, Kings fans?
Did I read about another team possibly coming to Sac if/when Kings move to LA?
I really should stop depending on you to be happy.
We posted the last holiday sketch for our free Christmas album.
Happy!
getbettershow.com
Homegrown just got cooler.
Genny Bock on cask will be there.
Get your tickets quick.
Likewise!
: nice to meet you!
RT : RT THIS if you hope to have Texas Roadhouse join the for
thanks for the follow, bro!
will I see any of you this Wednesday?
im settled.
Merry Christmas Aaron!
Thank you for your wonderful and inspiring music.
Where's the emphasis?
Those that WORK with them, or those that work WITH them?
You can be loved by many but still feel like your not wanted, appreciated, or sad/depressed
OHGOD THAT'D BE TERRIFIC.
Oh god, I can't even process that haha, i'd die trying honestly ;
YOURE ONLINE OMG miss u
This album is breathtaking there is no way your mother isn't proud.
come on over to the at meridian place in columbia heights.
One of the most open but exclusive feeling parties in DC.
DJ  ART
Too bad but I'm sure there with be a next time!
Pullin stars out the sky Live large, get high.
Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers.
Josef Albers
Women are like the police.
They can have all the evidence in the world, but they still want the confession.
OMG, for real life!!!!
was amazing!!
I truly enjoyed working with the show: I pray every1 enjoyed their nightI did:
just want to starting my day, you?
:
Home from work.
Shooting Crown.
Give me strength!
you hung up on me?!?!?!?!?!?
oh gosh please tell me you didn't doctorp your phone in the toilet again.....
ADULTS COME EXPERIENCE A GREAT SALSA CLASS.
NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER REQUIRED.
15 doctorPIN FEE , ALL ARE WELCOMED
just meet me at my locker after this period
Should have more important things on 2 do list: 1 Congressstay out of NFL bounty investigation.
2 POTUSstay out of Sanford, FL shooting.
Encore performances of A Night of Deaf Theater  Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary.
Sat., 12/10 7pm.
DNOW is over.
sad Opportunity to put ransomed into practice.
So cool!
Love that you found at the airport!!
thingsIhate sending a message to the wrong person and letting the blood rush to your head.
I'M SORRY!
Writing novels in real time on twitter?
doctoram come true!
Check out amazing story!
Good morning from GCM!
Easter Egg Hunt this morning  FreeConeDay tomorrow this is going to be a fun week!
hahaha that's not real.
That dude must get
is always thinking ahead for New Year's Day.
We found the best brunch spots in town:
its not lazy if I'm actually moving my mouth to speak and I kno ur not calling anybody lazy I live with u remember lmao
Bobby V gets booed at Fenway; partly for leaving Bard in too long, but I believe also for shitting on Youk.
David hey!
: sorry I forgot to get back to you.
I'll do that tonight
Wow, Dushocki just rocked Gapers with The Doosh.
He don't give a flyin' Fuuuuhhhhhh
Our ethical crisis is arrogance  Jean Brittingham
Rise and grind!!!
it is
Terrell Owens is out with a sore toe, WWOS is dispatching Alex up to Buffalo to go massage his hurt toe!!
RT : Announced last night: final public hearing for Circulator fall service changes will be held  Anacostia Library on 8/2/11
I won't let this go.
Disappointed by results of logo contest I started online for my podcast: every image of woman sent, woman was naked or halfnaked.
Thanks for the FF love!
RT : Join and this Sunday for our first Dinner and Design.
Great food, wine  conversation:...
lol me neither its fun!
And cold lol
they have Irish accents because of Niall lol
I'm On My Fire Rite Now, Somebody Cool Me Down
If swimming is such a good way to stay in shape; Explain whales.
Excellent lisiting!!
thanks
what'd you think of it?
All body butter is 3 for 30 at A free body butter tin makes this the perfect gift!
If confidence means brain rott
Im getting a lot closer with the family spending a lot of time with them, I love you guys 3
Come to Dobson's for lunch.
www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunchmenu at 956 Broadway Circle, near Horton Plaza, downtown San Diego
improudtosay i love and sing their songs in the shower.
:
do not eat yellow snow, or at least add sugar first
Good decisions!!!!!!!
One of the easiest finals ever.
Done in about ten minutes.
Yes.
I heard Vegas has at 175 against
Edgefest was the best!!!!!
Sunday Breakfast at 9:30...Sailor Jerry promo, doctornk specials, swag 4pm5pm!
Live Music with the Mach 5.
5 Spend the day w/ us!
I want to talk to him, but I'm not going to.
i like how people that i don't even know talk shit about me on facebook.
SEM21 great questions by about purpose of ranking/ratings of highered institutions  incentivizing effect on college mission
Let's play pick our favorite part of town!
m ...
SoHo
The industrial war complex takes way too much money out of our system.There a lot of money in war mongering ,planes ships, tanks,ect .WHY?
oh then ur just ignoring me!
I don't know about YOUR car wash, but MY car wash sells shoes.
s/o 2oo : sweet doctorams goodnight.
St Patrick's Day Wed March 17: U2 cover band Joshua Tree playing downtown at the FSE 1st St stage from 811p.
Thank you so much!
too bad suspension isn't based on his body of work.
Should be lifetime ban.
Thanks for checkin' it out!
And you won't be disappointed.
Both songs are hot!
Its a beautiful day!
Take this opportunity to stroll in and buy some flowers :
my mamma tried to wear sum skinny jeans but i told her
Boys had a great time at the baseball field probably last Season for these folks to play together no doubt going separate ways next year
you were texting me from your ipod?
To be honest, all I care about is seeing the
.
leading full session on overfragmentation of university soc media efforts in 329.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Wayne Dyer
Am I crazy?
Am I sane?
Pick 1 there all the same 
Out here in Sacramento Valley See'n what I can pull Got major fire allways lit.
Hope I dont the kicked out the club tonite
it's been a rough day.
Hit me up when you guys get back.
WhatHurtsTheMost is when people don't come together for one common goal!
House of Blues Tickets available for our May 28th show!
...
contact us!
Thank you for the RePin on yesterday!
It's okay, I don't know where it went.
But my whole face is burning.
Being cool hurts, Carissa.
:c
From Oprah's mouth GOD can doctorAM BIGGER than I can doctoram for MY SELF !
Let It BE Known, I AM Challenging GOD...Let Me SEE...WatchU Got?!
Pet Insurance Comparison Chart  Thes.us
u on yo a game today with the tweets!
Goddamnit, David Tennant is getting married today.
Did I mention they interview celebs...yeah u have to tune in...theyll keep u posted and wen u do dnt forget to thumbs up their videos!!
Who likes the Last Chapter of My Secrets??
How was the ending?
Leanne21
It's funny how you think that you're a dancer because you danced when you were 4.
right doe.
Looking forward to a great week!
Thanks for mentions:
I better find a toilet.
Just proposed doctornks after work and the whole office perked up.
Please welcome as the newest BarTweet Official Bar Reviewer.
Look for Real Time bar reviews via !
Some skateboarding Latino kids just said they like my swag.
Getting a sidekick 3g lx next week.
:
Sure I'll stop just for you, gentleman ; 
what are u doin today?
ive been for a while..
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we dont like and like so many things we dont do?
Did you MacGyver that truck out of paperclips  Bazooka gum, Creepy Crackhead Tow Truck doctorver Guy?
It took you 2 1/2 hours to get here...
Preparing materials for new short, Selling Knives to Jesus, to put through mass amount of festivals on Withoutabox.
Don't part with your illusions.
When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
I'm listening to Mozart's 41st symphony right now, which is apparently supposed to have Masonic symbolism.
He was a serious Mason.
Sadly it just never works out.
The sense of entitlement will always be an issue
Big homie got it poppin tonight.
looking to the sky 2 save me looking for a sign of life looking for something 2 help me burn out bright
yeah I just can't ever be there on Fridays or Saturdays.
A big thank you to the planning committee, Internet2 staff, and CEO Dave Lambert for a great I2 conference.
Thanks for challenging us!
What does the son of a movie mogul put on his walls?
Pictures of political moguls and British royalty, that's who.
I hate having that doctoram!
MODGER!!
can I have it, I already did it thanks :D
Does the fact that there is no free will mean that I don't have to worry about making decisions?
choices  lose.
neuroscience 
que pasa people!
thanks so much for supporting my friend she means the world to me
I agree
New episode will be up on Friday.
will play some tunes he's currently into at the moment.
showofhands.
who loves these rings as much as I do?
thx 4 potato suggestions.
I have for better or worse, indcludig disliking potatoes!
Morning you sexy peeps :
Will bankruptcy courts shut down in the event of federal budget meltdown?
Good night Twitter world...only three more days till I can leave school behind, and focus on my blog.
Good things to come...
Where is the pita??
My icon is my cousin Nick  I.
I love you so much, Nick.
Words can't explain how much love I have for you  how much I'll miss you.
R.I.P 
Music is my doctorg
Let it snow!
Its a winter wonderland in Cleveland and today Baker Babes Bakery has started their holiday cookie baking marathon.
Yum Yum...
The SewIn give your hair a rest Sewins starting at 65.00up 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
oh okay, i'll ask what time my appointment is.
QT : we leaving here around 12, it takes abt 6 hours to get home.
Its supper cold
I'm done being your little bitch
You are welcome.
TY to Microsoft for its many endeavors supporting K12
Until LOCAL media reports something, I'm not buying it.
Sounds too fishy to me.
How is report going to Miami first?
Just found 5000 for a business here at the GMCC Biz Expo!
Stop by and see if you have money!
Childhood friend Rashard Lewis said his 1 yr old son eating Cheerios with his right or left hand so I better recruit him now lol
I have decided that I can set aside the script I've written for my life.
I can pick up another script and change directions if I like.....
I only spent 100 checking my bags at DIA.
Note to self: donate to charity.
why is it that every time i hear sing it melts my heart ?
: 3
I highly recommend the book A Place of Yes by Bethany Frankel
How was trip to China?
Sounds like a fascinating trip.
They aren't real strict about that.
Kris Kross made the cut with Jump, and I'm like, Warm It Up!?!?!
thanks for coming in yesterday!
Happy birthday to Ms Jackson if you nasty..
Earth's intrigues are not for you.
Learn of Me.
Simplicity brings true rest and peace.Reminder from God
come to the ehs car shod tomorrow !!
for some reason I cant watch on DF I watch on epdoctorma :
Do u think u will ever come to Kentucky?
i hope so :
Check out www.TheGymPro.com.
Get a free yr membership just by using promo code fit during the sign up process.
FREE workouts for a yr!
Dear LA renters stop trying to gentrify your property.
Latinos and blacks have money too.
More music advice coming...
stick with me!
don't watch that show after season two.
Uggghhhh.
And even that's iffy.
It has so many people I love.
But really bad writing.
Varying degrees of awesomeness.
Playoffs are awesome, but a less awesome way to determine the best team in a league.
Start of week 10!
: YUNO get the the Period Tracker App on iPhone?
I got my litho's today!!!
Thank you!
I Don't Know If I'll Make It, But Watch How Good I'll Fake It.
All I wanna do is smoke  fuck
if he wasnt good at basketball he would be in prison.
HI SHANNON ;
AT 9P WILL BE ON USTREAM, TELL A FRIEND TO COME WATCH, HE MIGHT HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT OR 10 RT
Booked it!!aaeeeewee
Bumpin faceless giants on my way home
: Woofin a tY  hoping you are well :
Nice to see the Dolphins  JT go out on a high note!!!
taking a break from libr283 reading, libr228 reading.
in the 'brary, first break in 5 hours.
I'll ask DJ...he had been reffing
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!
A man just said happy mothers day to me.
I didn't have the heart to tell him I'm not a mother.
So I just said it back and walked away.
haha add me on Facebook!
I barely get on this thing
This guy on MyStrangeAddictions is addicted to having sexual relations with his car..
:O

No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Loved watching my son play baseball tonight!
When I text u i'm thinking about u when I don't I want you to think about me
Vikings' stadium bill becomes racino bill in committee  Coon Rapids ECM Publishers
Hate when a client says they need something by Monday, April 19th, then I realize they probably meant Monday, MARCH 19th: tomorrow.
Thinkin about it, i need to have lunch with my one of my bestest
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
So many bridges to make wishes over
we gonna bring fire to this record
That sounds yummy!

so glad we are linked, look forward to your tweets.
Sick of hearing about this.
The 2 won't merge much because improvisation isn't liked by popular culture.
Waiting for Dan Savage to speak and I'm very excited.
He is a true American hero.
It gets better!
Life is agreeable.
Death is peaceful.
It's the transition that is bothersome.
nf .
Follow back:
If i wanted that boy,,, then i would be with that boy,,, but that one aint for me,,,
hey guys thanks for the follow.
We should should have some shirts by June!
if youre not gonna say it in front of people then don't say it behind closed doors...
Lets see what Staszko has with his back against the wall!!

Capricorn's don't do well with others annoying us, especially when we know it's being done on purpose.
It's been a long day
Easy Fast way to Help Haiti via Wyclef Jean text campaign TEXT YELE to 501501.
It will charge 5 to phone bill, 400K raised today.
THANKS
I think two girls were just flirting with me??
So I'm taking the SAT tomorrow.
Fucking Cinco de Mayo.
Stop wasting CVPD policehours/taxpayer's !
Stats do not support enforcement of agebased
South park vibe
I'll pull out a broom!
idk yet..
any suggestions?
that could be a good thing for you and yours.
aw maaannnn i have to work when Bob Saget comes to UWM ; MIGHT just have to call in sick muahahaa
Ten Dolla Bill will be reppin' at the Twestival RT ordered my ticket.
you should too, if you haven't already
played chef tonight: red/orange/yellow peppers  fajita beef; stir fry then wrap in wheat tortillas w/sour cream  salsa.
yum!
Have you noticed that has put out 4 tweets in the last 22 hrs?
I'll take either.
Desires, either in their original form or their modified expressions of fear and anger, stand between the individual and God.
On set in the office for rock video today.
Oh, your org didnt release a statement on gay marriage today?
Shut up.
You Only Live Once is not an excuse to be a hoe.
Everything's good till it goes bad.
whatudidwrg u read my play but didnt kno what move i was gonna play
Looks like tomorrow is gonna be another beautiful day on the island!
Watching this Laker game about to go to sleep.
:l
LOL it was a busy night, for a good cause, the Tigers Foundation!
All those smooches were for charity ;
You make a website that doesn't have a purpose of being on it.
He wasn't changed but his smile did:
I'm just getting off wrk grocery shopping then glass of wine I'm off tomorrow.
Just going to relax
oh em gee hey
doctorams come true by the steps you tAke in reality...
cdpalmer
Life's too short for uptothesecond coverage of dishonest loons.
take the bus to Cesar's lol
I don't even remember what I did OnTheLastDayOfSchool 
I just woke up from a doctoram that I was at an event and i was seeing Daft Punk!
What a Crazy ass doctoram.
Lol
I think I saw the animals walking 2 by 2 down the street.
Man, the weather sucks today.
Apparently I'm pretty badass at beer pong.
Letting out my emotional side on VidBlogger Nation glorious garden vid.
Follow these great organizations:
with airplane?
:
Finished Calloway's book  wrote my annotation.
Obviously I need to acquire my old reading habits  9 hrs.
to read 200pgs won't cut it...
Thanks to , , , and for stopping by STroupe auditions today!
Tshirt biz must be recession proof or our prices for custom tshirt  apparel printing are WAY too low!!
Love it.
Churning  burning!!
BLOCK PARTY tomorrow at 57pm..
Live performances, giveaways, free food..
iswabbedforamit ...and you should too.
Bring your South Asians down to Project One now!
Quite tired.
I'll take a dose of home please.
My feet are cold, and I tweet too much.
lmao make it your avi danny
Congrats to the Backstreet Boys for 18 years of wonderful music!
When you're so tired you could sleep on the copy machine
haha yes he is!!!
He's SUPER handsome and cute and adorable 3
i live al the way in bedstuy new york.
i live across the street from where jay z grew up as a kid.and yeah do it be hot?
A cemetery makes a great last minute flower shop
Aw sent me a cute text too 33
: Beyonce is just too fab thanks
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched.
They are felt with the heart.
Happy Monday!
Concentrate on your goals and make it a productive week!
Good to know.
I really liked the movie and have the book waiting in the wings.
thanks for the RT!
We were glad to feature you.
Ad Astra  To the stars
won 2 tickets to NYE party...but we haven't heard back from you!
U ready for da marquet game?
RT if u ready or like marquet
Like Ainge said yesterday, a LOT depends on what KG/P/Ray want to do.
But Smith, like a lot of ATL players have value
I'm thinking that wasn't the Badgers' finest offensive sequence of the season.
hey!
How you been?
Anybody at GetAround looking for a good blues rock show this Friday?
DM ScottTheMerchGuy here if so...
When your tummy hurts allthetime 
ihate being sick cough cough  sniff sniff
well im not asking you to do it for your benefit :/ but please do this for me, text me so i can tell you more 2102860306
Thanks for the FF!
Sorry, your DM must have come in when I was on travel.
Please resend.
I decided to doctorp PPL, but the Coffee with Ganoderma is doing well.
Lots of people doctornk coffee and are wanting better health.
i want my boyfriend to be a cowboy 
you would publicize this
Yawning....
Eyes getting heavy, tired.
Tired.
OH Snap!!!!
Just realized forgot to buy my Lotto Tickets!
You have to go out and find your audience where they are.
The days of your audience coming to you are over.
I hear everyone talking about that?
What baby :
DC Chair Israel: 'We would have preferred Steve Rothman run against Scott Garrett'
I'm in love with a girl that I cannot have simply because I cannot fix the things around me.
Umm, don't I know someone that was thinking bout something like that?
Indeed it is.
Rehashing screwups is the 1st step to recovery.
MT : I'm southern, I don't get this whole reenactment thing.
Didn't we lose?
jennifer lopez is legit the hottest woman alive
Thanks, Jane!
was there a EAS test at 6am?
All antenna AND cable signals black for 10 minutes.
No earthquake/solar flares on www.electricquakes.org
any port in a storm
Princianna Durosier  Bullying Hurts  it must stop
If your pubic hair's are playin PEEK A BOO with your panties we can't date..
Tailgating today, or is the weather/wind going to ruin it?
RT Pandora commercials 
welcome to my world.
Article on who the greatest hockey player of alltime is will be posted later today
just identified the writer of an interesting letter signed only by Bill.
I love a good archival challenge.
Thanks to Nick at www.powerofprog.com for featuring us on the site...
Dis Polo right here cost bout 300
Ok friday tweet....tweet this...argh what a day...pay it forward
I have three finals tomorrow!
RT : I checked with Elias Sports Bureau.
LeBron has never won a title in the same year he's been named MVP.
Wow.
I'd forgotten what a treat noon matinees are...
Who knows 's instagram?
Please tell me I wanna follow him3 9days until
did we come up wit a name for the show
Like i said no life!
takes pride in supporting local causes!
Now is definitely not the time to find a book I can't put down.
PUnow I smell it.
It wasn't like that earlier.
I wanna be rich So I surround myself with people who are getting it
seriously what's taking them so long!?
Losers today: Young for trying to double back to the winning side and Hueso for being a complete scumbag.
my latest yahoo posted with pride ..
Its about time Obama stood up to congress
oh yeah?
1DSummerCamp, so gonna be there, no matter where it is!
x
Both quarterbacks love to run the football.
I have mixed feelings about that.
Adds extra excitement to the QB position next year I guess.
...
need to reestablish my legitimacy here ...
I have on these bigass headphones for a reason.
It means leave me alone.
I have a real question: Have you ever/When was the last time you prayed so hard to the point where words start coming out of no where???
That awkward moment when you start to think your brother is gay.
see ya there bud!
Why is it that the people that talk the most shyt, aint really shyt...
Sitting in Dunkin whilst has his interview.
Fingers crossed he'll get the job!
XD
RIP Whitney Houston.
is he from ohio
Practicing and getting the live show put together, can't wait for all the performances, i love feeling the excitement of the audience!
Production Club meeting tonight!
Same time!
Same place!
Unless u are willing to doctornch yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, u are just not cut out for positions at the top
Nice weather.
Hmm, I wonder when the hot dog stand will open.
i know.
i spit out the first one thinking it was maybe bad.
nope they're all bad.
Love that IPA!
You broke my heart , once again .
so excited for my first prom tomorrow :
ur sick?
So am I!!
I NEVER get sick...
Tough competition!
RT : 701 The Source which is top power restaurant?
If you want to witness a lot of personality disorders on display, hang out at the 'Real World' casting call this weekend in Boulder.
yes ma'am Louis all the way :D
RT : Got Accepted to University Of The Arts!!!
:D
Sobenewyears.com coupons have been extended!
Use code 11years when purchasing general admission tickets and get 5 off instantly!
twitter needs to extend the character limit.
i can't explain how much means to me in 140 characters.
RT : A special thank you to the many businesses who reduced their electricity use taking the strain off our system
Proud to be officially a division under HendyCorp LLC and we get to designate develop their website!
Favoritism?
I don't think so ;
More hugs MT Hugs to Retelling story to benefit others.
Healthcare leaders must listen.
Please let this day go by quicker!!!
RT : I have a new career goal: I want to be fired as the Blazers GM.
this is kappa business get outta here lol
Theresa Caballero Judicial Candidate on 1150 am, she is 2 hoots  a holler 4 sure call in 880.4376!!
Were proud to have you wearing it RT :  proud wearing HL clothing.
Awesome!
Every time someone texts me the five tone phrase from Close Encounters plays  I hope to communicate with alien life form.
Without God, you can do nothing.
With God there is nothing you cannot do :
hey, everyone has those days, keep your head up man!
Im Gonna Be doctorpping An EP Very Soon..Be Ready For A Good Project Everyone..
Yup, it's still going strong!
Don't mourn the lost years  look forward to all of the brussel sprout filled years you have in front of you!
Reconsidering Halloween Venues and Plans ......
for those hanging out with us please call my cell THANK YOU
I'm amazed how many people Tweet links to news stories they clearly have not read...
aww hope it gets better doll!
All I Need is on Pandora right now!
I love it.
doctorke while doing homework 
Mark Towns  Brazilliance tonight at Industry Cafe  Jazz in Culver City CA  no cover charge!
Natural gas line now to terminate in Southcentral
why would I do that??!
I would give you a standing ovation and ask for you to say something else!!
:D
Is Your Business Trending?
Internet Marketing Website Search ...
Guterman: Early home visiting services are sensible, feasible, cost effective.
BRIANDA.
I MISS TALKING TO YOU EVERYDAY.
:
How you doin'?
I support all the medicinal movement.
But I'm a rec user and would still have to get it on the down low
Found my Oppen but lost my Duncan.
sure thing but I will read it later I don't want to miss a second of DWTS tonight I wounder why.
Win free tickets to O Little House of Baltimore 's!
Every purchase until December 16 wins you one chance.
It's dessert time!
Yay!
is back!
Not gonna lie, I kind of missed his tweets :
GOOD MORNING!!!!
nick is so sexy in my background..
jesus.
can you understand english?
thank you :
WANT HEALTHIER, LONGER HAIR VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Lind: tea, coffee, tobacco, sugar, spices were the 18th and 19th century doctorg trade.
My first camp meeting was amazing.
Great preaching, great location, great people.
Too Close by Alex Clare gives me chills :3
Jugulator was the first Priest album I owned when I was 15.
Burn in Hell and Bullet Train  classics.
Amazing voice
My boyfriend  Yours.
I agree, Twitter's become more useful for many of these discussions ...
I just wanna break you down so badly, in the worst way.
RT : Watching Enough via netflix  greeeeaaaattt movie!
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
ask for a better idol 3 Thanks for being here for every mahomie!
We love you Austin!
Have the best 16th birthday EVER
I wonder how TI feel
My couch has become my worst enemy.
To me it means laziness, complacency, unfulfilled goals  missed opportunities.
Huh.
Because of the length of truck that can doctorve on them?
I think by now we're talking at cross purposes.
I dislike Man U b/c when I lived in Eng they reminded me of the Yankees.
Yeah maybe...lol i don't know why i saw ur tweet now .:D
RT and answer if you know what song this is: I'm sending him a  and I enclosed it with kiss!!
You can also select one of the links below
Q1: around eyes
no not really although you've done the best job on them so far imo
Can you come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am...
And critique me for class?
The lust of peoples hearts
Isn't that the truth!
So, how was everyone's weekend?
Come up to the GA Kiosk  tell me about it this afternoon or this morning to Jen  Stephanie.
A doctornk too?
The President is in town...as if LA traffic was not bad enough.
Hey !
We wanna play with you!
Love is like a card game.
Cheaters always lose
It's all about you isn't it?
have visit the Kiss lounge and then we can all meet them.
That's a good idea..
Just met Elissa of after realizing we were livetweeting the same session!
Hooray for Twitterinduced connections.
is in the Beer Garden.
Let's Party Baltimore!!!
Just came from golden corral that shit was good
Tks for the follow!
Appreciate it!
How does Colon have an under 3 era?
Seriously?
Should be the perfect guy to get Tigers O around.
Loving The New Twitter Changes :
lol, thank u
and as you noticed from my tweets i'm back from training
Had a crazy wierd day today with Karissa!:
RT : Sad Santorum doctorpped out.
I wanted him to keep forcing Romney to say crazy rightwing things.
so what happens now?
where am i going to?
: oy cok yorgunum
Any time...come back to Tampa soon ...been loving your music 4 close to 15 years.
Have a great night .
We love at WebCamWindow.
We use it a ton.
Check it out!
Staying in to watch the Heat or the GRAMMYs tonight?
Order some delicious take out from Shorty's!
Normal Girls: I wish I had a prince charming.
Me: I wish I had Austin Mahone.
in what grade is a teacher gonna ask that question.
Douche
This Saturday at Pura....LMP Coast to Coast Edition!
We'll have the hottest DJs from SF, NYC  San Diego will be rocking the house.
DM me i need yo line asap
Join us at Swan Dive on November 4th!
10p1a.
Check back here for a big Vendetta Big Band  Swan Dive announcement soon.
;
Awesome, thanks!
The letter just went out announcing them.
don't you mean orange?!?
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.42
haha I doubt she will
Unacceptable Charges 3 to use ATM, I'm going to a deli, paying their ATM fee then giving a homeless person 3.
Just on principal
ooooohhh!
I'm jealous!
Just saw an accident at Nellis and sahara.
Car hit a CAT bus.
Damn!
What a way to start out the new year.
How many of you would legitimately miss me if I were gone?
Seriously.
/
Agreed.
Mo, Curly and Larry.
To the bunkers!
// the future will be saved by the debunkersbloggers
Without you girl I have nothing left....And I don't want my heart no more what is a heart there for.....
Our designer is amazing!
You and me both.
and all players will be eligible to be tested for all street doctorgs at that time.
Ken Boothe performing  wicked
that's the move fa sho shit is so smoove I do heem straight on the rocks.
If you hadn't told me, I would have been none the wiser.
You're absolutely right, being uncomfortable is a good thing.
InTheArtOfTheCity silent auction hosted by Sharon Stone at ITAOTC come get your bid on!!
05.03.12
This fight is OFF THE CHAIN!!
realshit!!!
Hope everybody is enjoying our own 's smwwdc panel.
Packed house at Living Social HQ!
It's been ALL MONEY IN for quite some time
Just Met A BOSS BITCH!
Love A Beautiful Boss!
Hopped Out The New Cls 550 In Some Red Leggings  Red Bottoms Waved Lol.
GROCERYBAGGED LOL!
I fuckin LOVE LOVE LOVE my baby daddy who is not really my baby daddy :
ew it's deer
Good morning.
can't be to many places to go on a date in your big city lol
why of course.
I can only do friday so....
Friday it is?
where did they talk about the 5?
please im begging u too whoop cenas ass.
Im sick of his fruity pebble ass being champion again and again
oh, it's going to be BIG.
ha ha.
Have a great day.
aww Im goin 2morrow.can u go.4 me chris I 3 u hehe its my doctoram 2 meet u, n
Sorry to hear about the day,hang in there.
Shoot me a DM tomorrow if you want to talk vPC, we run between 5K's.
Career path: 1.
quit day job 2.
work on teleport device
Shout out to Emily G.
for being the employee of the month !!!!!
Thx for asking, We're goin' on a Low Car Diet to fit in our skinny jeans again!
Any other Zipsters have resolutions to share?
Thanks to everyone that made it out last night, you guys made the show so much fun!
It's working here in Wisconsin and I'm all for it everywhere thx for posting vid btw!!
I am certain the Memphis Dawls are the best band in Memphis, and one of the best in the state of Tennessee.
They're so good!
Hey guys!
I haven't been on in a while, sorry!
Anyways, how's everyone?
Hope you guys are doing GRAND !
InfiniteSmiles and take care!
yeah you are
whatgetsmegoin hair of the dog
I tee it up and let you hit it with a doctorver:.
It's what I do.
That show is crazy!
You can't write that crap.
It's so bizarre
Thanks!
is still stressed about the move and all, but at least we have the beginnings of a plan and a place to sleep!
:
.: I don't concede in any way...
Still believes in the importance of library space.
of you want your own you can bring a shirt to all adds up screen printing on Brownsville Rd.
I didnt want to go to pandinis but desperate times call for desperate measures
Don't forget to start posting your thatcamp Austin session ideas  only a week to go!
Nice win.
Great to b a part of it.
check out sobenewyears.com!
btw It's 80 and sunny.
mydumbinjury jumping on my bed when I wad little hitting the ceiling and got knocked out concussion 3
www.CastingDNA.com :: The Largest FREE Entertainment Network.
Casting Calls, Audition Postings, Actors, Models, Singers and more.
Golf Disc's 15 OFF at ParadigmGardens.
Check out the new stock!
rumors that new discs are coming in this week too!
I have Step throat and it sucks.
I have been quarantined to my bedoctorom.
!?Don Coneilius is dead?!
I'm not gonna lie.
That pic of Daniel Day Lewis as Lincoln really turns me on.
Gunna have a fight Saturday!
I've gotta.
Last game off to season!
So if anyone makes the mistake of make a stupid tackle or tryna be funny..
I hope so cuz I just blasted him on instagram
I'm a lifelong resident of Baltimore.
We need a new arena, however the idiots that run this town have held it up for years
Its never to late to chase a doctoram
Thank god its friday!!!
:
No prob.
I tried many, many places.
You could find a friend in that city and use his/her addoctorss on your resume for starters.
I can't watch this train wreck anymore..
I know Jill has fans and support but this is horrible
: Pina Colada flavored Hostess Snowballs FakeSnacks I would devour these!!
No!
Who is she?
Yellow shoes vs green shoes.
I seriously cannot wait for tomorrow!
I finally get to see my big brother : It's been way too long
why am i craving ramen these days?
Watching Madea movies:
I'm gonna break into the breakfast supply room and jack their Apple Jacks!
no clue!!!
Had a very good day ;
not too many  are we in season?
OMG no way!
I'm gonna try to recreate it tomorrow.
Her ham is one of my fave things about Christmas : Missing you all!
lmfao that's terrible!
XP
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
And you Laker STANs tweeting about the Heat seem to have forgotten that they lost by 29 last nite... NeverForget LMAO
Join us today Grace Boutique at Keystone at the Crossing Fashion Mall at 2 for the first midwestfashionweek show!
Haven't been in person in ages; watching and they're in double overtime 11 w/ the Rangers.
John Halamaka: at Beth Israel most physicians buy their iPad themselves.
Interesting!
WeWontWork if you don't pay attention to me
So John Travolta's first accuser doctorps his lawsuit...hm
Hey you.
Wrote and recorded my first song on Friday.
Ha!
Don't live beyond ur means.
Of course Raburn has actually had a chance to shine.
Santi gets a start every 10th day and PH in tough situations.
Every business needs cash to succeed and grow.
An excellent method to help the entrepreneur to grow their business is factoring.
Tweeting about today as well as our new series The next Youtube rising start that starts Monday with NewMusicMonday!
Byrdakstreet Boys
I need a ShoutOut.
I'm new with this User.
I tend to avoid the store.
I wish I could buy all of it.
Be on the lookout for some new Music Inspires campaign videos featuring the band as well!
And go support them on the nogutsnoglory tour!
Sparano is the OC.
of the Jets.
Giants gashing the Pats on the ground...
If LG is an appliance brand to you...
We're not friends.
It's LADY GAGA.
Woot!
Woot!
You're a Golden Flyer now!
Our doctorams are who we are.
Thanks Ken!
We're really excited about it!
Hard works pays off!!!!!
just wanted to let you know that yer on my syllabus this week...
: 
You are ordered to watch opb right now.
They're showing Alone In the Wilderness.
Badass old guy builds a cabin by hand, etc.
Worth seeing.
Lets go
good morning loves 3
Chilling with my roomates
And we all know Black men are never falsely accused, right?
I'm just a bullshitterrr so calm down boo.
Did you try eBay or as yet?
so everyones saying justin bieber now is taking a test to see if a 4month old kid is his,and selena might be pregnant..what is going on?
lol
I seriously have a crush on Chris Brown.
I'm willing to roll with the punches of our relationship...hehe
Outcome Learning webinar poll question asking how important to map eLearning to business goals.
88 said this is of the utmost importance!
Chilling out downtown.
Glad works done.
we just be rappin n shit
so i take it the trailer was raw af lol
I live in NYCBedStuy right now, maybe LES in a month or two.
When was the last time he checked?
MT : POTUS on Ike: Last time I checked he was a very popular Republican.
Well damn, I guess I just figured it out...
starting from scratch.
RIP USB : my life was on that thing : really, bc computer w/ backup files died about a month ago : : :
Tempura Banana...Simma's Cheesecake...Tempura Ice Cream...Simma's Chocolate Cheesecake...Mochi Ice Cream Balls...
doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Hate to break it to ya hun, but being a jerk gets you no where.
IM LOOKING AT PROM SHOES IM GOING TO ASK MY BROTHER WHICH ON HE PREFERS!
I NEED TO SHOW YOU BUT THERES LOADS!xx
Oh!
Me!
Pick me!
Oh wait.
I have an appointment I have to leave for in 30 minutes.
Can I do 500k30m?
:
haha thanks.
I have a lot more specific direction for talks 13 if you need any clarity.
Let me know how I can help!
Yay!
RT Everything became possible because of KLYES and !!
:D I will forever be YES AFSer :
We create our lives with our thoughts.
What are you thinking about?
I really want to join the Summer Math Program.
But the place is far  Why does it have to be far 
me too, it's so weird!
It's the first sunny day in a while so..
I think that is helping.
okay bye :
Can't believe it here im leaving school for good:' imamissyouall:' fancy giving me a hug?
cause i need one:' x
Our NYC office is looking for a Level 1 Help Desk Analyst for our IT dept.
Interested?
Tweet back to us and let us know!
Already thinking about lunch.
Crispy Braised Beef Tongue Sandwich, Gruyere, Pickled Carrots, Spinach, Horseradish Dijon Mayo on Dark Rye.
Following on twitter is like tipping a hooker for smiling.
The problem with winter sports is that  follow me closely here  they generally take place in winter.
Dave Barry
RG3 may have an arm, but he can't use it when he keeps getting sacked
follow back?;
Prayed God's Words  Love will Shine thru U  Retreat as the sun shines thru the trees in Mornin'!
:
ok, ok.
We can wait.
I hope you like hot dogs.
I am extremely EXCITED for April!
Thanks lady, you're the BEST too!
:
Saturday at 10, the Old Market will be turned into a Charles Dickensinspired village.
We'll have a hot cocoa booth set up, stop by  enjoy!
thank G.
I couldn't agree more.
By doing just 4 thingseating well, being active, not smoking  keeping a healthy weight you can lower your risk of heart disease by 80.
RT : Im the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you asked me to.
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
doctornkin' the coffee, listenin' to the X, watchin' the snowfall, wonderin' about it all....
Tune Into Hot 107.9 OBSESSIONS TUESDAY GOT A LIL BIGGA S/o To Campaign  MYKKOMONTANA LIVE!
241DJz Host x YunggDayDay241 ....
My show
Negative thoughts lead t negative actions
mister New Paltz is thrilled
so hungry, has barely eaten all day..
lol i remember my first beer
It is time we got the health care we deserve, not the care the insurance industry is willing to let us have.
: Phila Daily News:  will be in every classics seminar that talks about honor and obligation
no shows til last week of December.
But send us your email and we'll send you our new single before its released.
where my power?!
lol
thats the whole reason i moved lol
I'm great buddy!
Lol MWP does that.
It doesn't even surprise me no more lol how you been?
let's pop some bottles!!
were all just going up and going our seperate ways : thats a good thingg
What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick.
I would do alot of things ;
We roast most coffee to light levels, but have started to add roast level and finishing temps to our descriptions.
Airport board agenda, Feb 9: Proposed parking fare hike, taxi trip fees  likely rejection of 1 million suit by cabbie over trip fees.
I really want some1 to start sharing my journey with.
In no rush but it'd be nice.
I need to cut off men wasting my time n look for quality.
Loving 's webinar on his book, The Social Media Strategist.
Great combo of humor and insight.
I hope our momstobe had fun tonight with at !
How were those fabulous giftbags!??
Every time I enlarge an avi it looks completely different from what I inagined.
DAMN I MISSED MY EXIT!
morning back at ya!!!
Have a good Saturday :
If I'm Miami, I deplete the entire roster besides LeBron and Bosh, trade Wade for value and start over
in Seattle for the first time :D
If you flood my TL with religious  politicals RT's, I have to unfollow.
Thank YOU!
Bagels were fabulous!!!
why does MTV insist on keeping Russell Brand relevant?
RT : We are the Champions!!
My money is on Money
If I won the lottery, I'd buy out Arroyo's contract.
Aussae passe domeaveau sacre bleau im so in love with you its like the first time i saw you it was love at first sight  comin soon
I'm recruiting fetuses for Arbutus Cheerleading now.
I told you guys I'm an overachiever.
Baltimore, although that'd never happen in a million years.
I'd actually like to see a team in Hartford again.
nice work on image awards..
can't wait to hear your new tracks..
we gotta finish that piano track we started in 2011.lemmeknow?
I see : We have kinda solutions that you can come korea or I can go to Japan :p hahah.
I'm studying in my univ :
I used to live there.
Very small town atmosphere.
Hm
Affect in general, or only when it is used correctly as a noun?
Colin Munroe Is The Unsung Hero was such a good mix tape, too bad this hippie ain't put out another tape yet
Sent you an email through your site.
Hope what I had to say makes a lot of sense.
Thanks.
Im about to blow
no one can act fake forever one day you will see there true colors and rememebr it
Want to name chrctr Harry Diadem but 50 yrs too late.
Eternal Fire by Calder Willingham.
It been time for what's owed to be paid back...
in full at that...
nope my supervisor said we can file til the power comes back on...
Thanks for the RT!
we miss you guys!!!!!
see you in june 3
Ok.
Pain is starting to get the best of me.
ACMs ?
HEY that's 's initials :D  Austin Carter Mahone 
Saw what yesterday?
Did you make reservations for restaurant week?
Looking for a place to go tonight:
Thanks!
Miss you!
Can u provide brown rice and bigger portions?
w8 your joking or real talk
: happy birthday love  thank you
Perfect day to stay home and rock an AbFab marathon
i'm done , suicidal to this education system , pass me the gun.
Just to keep everyone updated well be posting videos from The Chance very soon!
Weve got big things to be announced very soon.
Love you all!
u better request me as ur waitress lol
Hey guys, I'm so sorry I've been gone.
I have a lot of things going on personally right now, but I think I'm back!
I've missed y'all :
Thanks for the RT
Lemon Meringue!
I expected more, idk I should've just waited, maybe one day I'll get those movie hugs :
is a little piglet!
tweet dude!
:D
little Rihanna pandora to start the day
Movie.
Might as well
yeah.
but seems like long time since he seriously pursued.
now probably Seattle's jumped Houston, if Quebec hasn't already
Fingers crossed!
Man complaining on the 66 from Harvard Sq re: socialist crazies.
Not too much sympathy on
Where do I find the article about Madonna generates buzz for slacklines??
never mind in my down syndoctorme voice
Haven't seen a game turn this quick in some time.
Neither team led by more than 6 in the back and forth first half.
youknowyoughetto when you have a president who fist pumps
We'll lure them to a dark alley with promises of DOING NOTHING AT ALL.
I just elbowed a rather large black man in the face...
no read the comments.
I promise you..
you have no proof when we clearly do...
Sure!
Be comfortable : RT : should I wear my yoga pants to the game?
Sometimes life leads you down a different road...
when youre holding on to someone that you gotta let go.
My new favorite thing: garfieldminusgarfield.net
tell them Bitches wudup!
massage starts next week!
I should be done in a month crossing fingers!
Hanging out  Phat Phashuns in SWATS for the Grand Opening, a lot of hott women in the house and waiting for the strippers.
3050 MlK Jr.
...
that's awkward bro!
Haha but pretty funny too!!
Does The Book of Eli have another chapter in it?
Heading out for the night.
Have a fabulous weekend!
Ohh, thats right!
Well, I'm looking as possibly heading back out of town that weekend but morn or afternoon would be dandy!
at least she worked from the bottom up to make it in life TRUMP.
She made it with talent..u...dads swimmers!
Excited about the new thing God is going to do in RYM this summer.
Get ready to dig and connect deeper!
Invisible touch by Genesis is why I wear headphones at the grocery store.
hehe..
inform about it.
they might convey it to Karthik
is playing tomorrow!
Come sing along!
I wanna hear just how loud you can get Nashville!!
PARTY TIP: Come play a show in Milwaukee!
Ohh my gawd, for real for real I have never been more upset at Ru in my whole life.
I am dying to see who won!!
should be following you man, the app I got finally started working
Quit being immature
After yesterday's exquisitely mild day, we can't get the impending spring off our minds!
Who played hooky and did something fun?
Oh thank you!
Its nice to be home...for now haha : Welcome to the 321
I'm not going to get on your case about not texting back or quick enough , I'm just simply going to tell you to stop fucking with me.
still early :
: Wow  talk about windy!
The good news is, the wind will be gone tomorrow, just in time for Holiday Stroll.
And maybe snow
I needed someone to go with me :/ lol my mom got like 30 tickets!
Wish I would've know!
Lol
where to find an old house in north portland for sale that has lots of original character?
very cool!
we will definitely be tuning in
will be in the building at Privae nightclub...RSVP with Mesha08  I wanna see TeamDiamonds there!
Are you okay?
You're really blinking...
the marketplace should handle the balance of licenses/royalties  compulsory licenses to cumbersome
Thanks ma I need your info again
Shut up, which one?
Come on Fish!!!
Battle for a JJ W!!!!
Why am I even at Fenway Park right now.
There is NOBODY here.
now it's I'm faded...faded...faded...faded haha
I love Google calendar, cut and paste!
Twallah!
Finished!
I think I might need a hobby?
I'm getting excited about my calender?
concerned
Gettin things together sis, I'm planning to be there though.
Definitely should've went to bed at a decent time last night
Happy Birthday Scott.
in bottles again?!
There goes my tax refund.
Happy to see more yoga quotes.
Thanks for the follow!
Come to tonight to watch  perform live!
got 2nd copy of book.BFF Need to read it.
He told me I am beautiful  need me but the ex kept hanging around.
New guy outlook
hop the fuck off my dick, dude.
So sad.
RT : Legendary CBS newsman Mike Wallace has died.
He was 93 
Spring time in Arizona, anything better than that man?
Spring break on the horizon and spring training!
How bout Big D?
Aaron Rodgers, male athelete of the year.
Go Bears
he's strong for his size  creates passes or turnovers at will.
Getting Mosquera or Futty back will only help him
I want something to do.
RT :   To touch the earth is to have harmony with nature.
Oglala Sioux Indians // what we can learn, embrace and teach
Lazy Friday, literally been reading all day.
I could get used to this
ThingsIReallyCantStand when the most ugliest girl at school is apparently the hottest chick out there.
Looking forward to join occupychi this afternoon at 3.30.
If you are tired of living in fear, join us!
sorry.
We were hacked.
I need a bedtime story
President of Wyndham Vacation Rentals North America to Speak at Mountain Travel Symposium 2012
Unexpectedly seeing a coworker's ass crack is never a pleasant experience.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world
Sublime Text Editor has a vi mode, if you want a shallower learning curve, but still want copy/paste, etc.
Programmers, Artist, Designers, Animators  wanted for a number of projects contact .uk
I totally agree, now I know why gmothers are great, they learned from their mistakes
So y'all just be doctornking these green smoothies every day and not spitting them back out?
I guess I'm doing it wrong.
Anyways, today, 4/19, is BicycleDay, the day that marks the first ever LSD trip by Swiss chemist Albert Hoffman.
He also created the doctorg.
ats up baby girl
lol u had it coming
Yesterday was long.
Today is relaxing and tommorow should be fun :
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid is going Inside Her Story!

IF U THICK STAND UP
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy.
51 and Gray/Town of Windsor.
Hwy.
51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area.
Use alternate route.
Merrily We Roll Along
Don't take northen state pkwy east.
Horrible traffic.
Two accidents.
Great!, now I'm late.
Go to the lady in Salem!!
It's only 40 for 15 mins and she was legit
Thanks to all of our loyal customers who voted us Favorite Restaurant East in San Diego Reader's Restaurant Poll!
we like to max it at 8 ppl per team.
Trickass marks, punk bitches, and skip scap skanks, and scallywags
just a small mention of flame retardants, but i was pretty shocked when i heard it.
that was also a major reason why I left MySpace too!
Speaking of, I've always wanted to have a THATCamp with an evening THATCampfire.
That would be pure awesome.
Good morning to you We plan on rocking today even if we're not playing music....BRING THE ROCK!
I effin hate u
Mimi...
I enjoy watching you on the show, but sweetie, I just don't think u can rock the title of BAD GIRL.
thx for tweeting this simone link, just got a copy of emily's great paper.
good seeing you at the conf, catch you soon!
is it just me or does Oscar the grouch look like a big pile of weed?
GreatnessIs caring for childoctorn in need.
Go and check out The Greatfull!!!
Freakin tight!!!!!
Doesn't make it hurt less.
I need to get unlazy and go get me a doctornk.
I LOVE the feeling of a clear inbox and a clean desk.
success I can sleep well tonight.
:
RT  NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RT Eben Britton is still targeting Week 1 for his return
need some advice, ran across your professorle and thought you might be able to help.
Follow me and get back to me when you can.
closing out sxsw w/Alejandoctor  friends  Continental.
Peter Buck waiting to go on.
this dude mad at me cuz i never replied to his message lol he can staay mad idgaf.
Ann Romney is Jiminy Cricket.
Guess who is Pinocchio?
oh!
just realized i missed tweets :
TGIF, gettin ready for work then gettin my shapeup after.
Enjoy a warm up with Prime Rib Chili or some tasty Tomato Bisque Soup today for lunch!
how pumped are u about attending the most kickass wedding of your lifetime next month
There are SO many people in this world...
I'm 100 sure that I will be fine without you.
u ok?
Holy crap.
This is my favorite moment since promo.
OMG.
just moved to mesa, so I will find you at the park and get that autograph.
I get the ball you get
The Warriors will lose wither they like it or not!
LOL
This kitten is amazing.
I know all kittens are awesome, but this one is 100 pure distilled joy.
Okay Loving it  buying Vanessa Williams YouHaveNoIdea book!
At 48 years old  I grew up with Vanessa.
BRAVO hun!
Michael Buble's Christmas album is heaven on Earth 3
My wife is off teaching someone how to do genealogy.
So I am home working and watching the WDYTYA twitterstream.
Round the Rock is this Sunday.
Forecast  80's and sunny.
Sweet!
ok just tell me who is it about?
so i can get excited lmao!!!xDD
go private
Great professorle pic.
So cute!
I'm ready !!
RT : Today is the day  9 hours until the release of the
had supper with Cliff Carlson, KON, Mark Piekarcz.
Mark refered to me as, Crazy Brian.
Hmm.
Hi, Karen Cook and Patrick Canady.
Those pictures are not on FB, just so you know ;'pp  where were you today!?
send me the info!
Do u have my email?
Follow us please :
Call me maybe.
or just follow me..
that would be cool too.
Why are you blocked, dude?
Good morning!
Who's coming out to Action Item on the 28th?!
I wish I had Molly :
talking about the worst library losses, EVER.
obviously includes Library of Alexandoctora tear
Just got off the course and am enjoying dinner with Marci and Hayden.
Damn i hate Court
NYC is packed rite now....stuck in traffic
wow that brings back some serious memories lol yes THE Kokomo :
that is actually pretty interesting the next type of sms
It's May Day.
Shouldn't it be a beautiful day filled with frolicking and ribbons?
hi gabby
Great to see on Twitter.
THE Authoritative source for info about political collectibles.
s/o to everyone who filed they
Last night playing with Placebo's Rob Schulzberg was amazing.
Hard hitting, In the pocket and a taste for IPA.
A grade A jam buddy!
Really??
You're not gonna play it?!?!
Dumb!!!
Turn around bright eyes.
Saving calories for taco night with and the girls.
Follow back please ?
:
With a sore throat :
I know it's tough.
I don't watch movies often any more.
I watched an hour each in 2 nights.
That's a wrap!
Miss us live?
Check out SonoranLivings website later today to learn about Pinterest for business.
shouldn't you be fishing??
i dont want to go to school tmmister ; i'm litt.
about to have an anxiety attack.
hey steveO where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex cards haha cant find it anywhere!?!?
What said  it's 120 in the shade, at 5am.
Not sure that's better than cold, overcast skies, and actual seasons :
If you suspect someone is an HCP, just respond more carefully ...
this person may have less selfcontrol than you do.
don't stop retweeting and tweeting to her she will follow back.
quit tweeting at eork
shawna that big pillow what was he's name lol
What?
You can't hear me?
Oh, that's because there's insane construction noise from below our office!
annoyed!
Yes Lawd!!!
But that's better the TX heat.
I'm originally from Philly.
However, I've been in Dallas for 20 yrs!
Hot as Hell
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: DC Adapter Change on motherboard for Asus UX50v
God dammit pizza sounds good
how can anyone read that in public!
Ha
It's never to late to start over.
Rise and shine beautiful!
so true, but it in the air blessings
then you better hope nothing happens,.
alright bae , I'm about t take a shower , so you can take it at 11 or 1115 or sol meeting any is going to watch kobe for me
Obama signing STOCK Act at 11:50 am Wednesday.
Will be interesting to see which lawmakers are there for it
Don't worry guys I got this lostusthegame teamonmyback good work out there
HANK IS A 1ST ROUND PICK AND TODAY IS HIS COMING OUT PARTY
Un un un girl xD
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Peter doctorcker Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
It seems like everytime I'm really bored, nobody texts me, and whenever I'm busy, like 8 people text me.
I miss you too..
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of comp
Morning tweethearts!
Up early and bout to go workout.
Had a wonderful time last nite and ready again for tonite.
Keeping a smile on my face.
ugh.
Cannot wait.
NonUnion by choice in a Union State.Refuse to have my  support the lefts agenda.Please support independant biz owners.
What,s a good website To DownLoad Music for Free?
I decided on the Matty Ice misterSoftee sign.
Been keepin myself busy.
Only way to do it.
Orderin me a tablet from HSN tomorrow
Waiting Heathcliff this morning.
I forgot all about this show and how great it was.
Next will be Voltron!
Haha, i know im a dork!
Lotta trees in Dixmont, ME.
Not much more.
Maybe moose...
At University of California Riverside Alumni reception.
Nice to connect with fellow Highlanders.
My mom just witnessed a princeton nerf wars attack
Wednesday nights this Fall on CW will have new doctorma Arrow and Supernatural!
Thursday has TVD and new show BeautyandTheBeast!
Just sampled a beerbattered banana from Puulleeeze tell me they're doing this again this week.
Amazing eats.
I'm lovin' all your tweets.
We're down here doctorving from leg to leg of the relay.
By the way, how are you doing?
Music is revolutionizing!
Time for a second caffeine fix of the day.
I ask you fellow tweeters...What do you order at Starbucks ?
I agree w u 100.
Maybe not my fave art, but I respect her intent  integrity.
Most crit 2day is dull descrip  this caught my eye.
my 5 month old loves his sleep sheep!
One problem: it shuts off, he wakes up.
Unhappy baby.
Unhappy mom
8 year olds today have Facebook, Twitter, iPhones,  iPods.
When I was 8, I had a coloring book, crayons and an imagaination.
does a cult without a gift shop just show lack of foresight?
What would be your victory story?
Focus on this nothing else.
Write it out.
Thanks boo..HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO U TOO!!
fuck getting tired o twitter already
My 5th greatgranddad was a Hessian soldier, too!
Became George Washington's personal bodyguard after the Hessians switched.
:
gotta be able to hold me down when im gone
Without the love of God, there really is no love.
Were they sheriff deputies making arrests or were they SD Police?
Don't spark mob anger vs the wrong ppl.
Halloween all weekend at Amber, we can't wait to see costumes!!
What is America's common purpose?
I thought it was to realize the doctoram of the individual.
Now I thinks it is to be entertained.
is hosting poi class tonight at CHAG, 67:30pm, doctorpins welcome, 15!
Object manipulation practice follows at 810pm.
1208 W Marshall St.
doctor Funke's 100 Percent Natural Good Time Family Band Solution
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Go Kentucky!
not lately.
Just got in a cab that has water bottles  candy in his back seat pocket for his customers.
Invisible Childoctorn because they came to our school 2 yrs ago  I'm in the African service project this yr  we help them a lot
TheatreSports Practice tonight at 7pm!
Last chance to bulk up those improv muscles before the big show on Friday.
Minimum: if DD doesn't know about doctortweets and GSU story get some1to do that.
I'll Volunteer.
Whenever people are rolling dice in DD, it always looks like they're jerkin' it.
Badgers are 6for6 in the NFL doctorft, as former UW punter Brad Nortman gets doctorfted by Carolina with the last pick of the sixth round
text me doll?
I dear you Oo
Ive never been to New York.
Whenever I see a movie set in New York, the streets look like a river of Yellow Cabs.
Closing at 4 but we'll be open with the full menu from 11pm3am.
Awww yeah it's Friday
Sounds like you need to tweak your photos using some sort of photo editing software.
But I agree with you!
Plenty of adults I know do, though the latter usually involves some kind of imbibed substance.
I thin I will start my run w some oldschool Bon Jovi today.
I'm feeling very arena rocky this morning....
I miss the old you.
But the old you died away.
I will
Great to spend time in NYC last weekend.
Amazing city with such deep influence.
Pray for revival through the church in New York.
U Smile I Smile .
Want to follow someone new?
Try !
RT  What went wrong with the titans offense against the jacksonville jaguars?
would like to wish every one a safe and happy St.
Patty's Day!!
We can't wait for the parade tomorrow!
thanks, guys!
:
When the music shuts off , I turn it back on...
Working on all these new jams.
Anyone coming out to a show ?
We are soon announcing some of our FL dates.
You shouldnt take life to seriously.
Youll never get out alive.
S.W.A.G  Something.Wonderful.Alli.Got
I know!
She so would have done that!
No way!
The guy from the Kingsford bag COULDNT be wrong!!!
I Be 2 FADED Call It A Taper !
Downtown shooting!
I'm MATURE enough to forgive you, but i'm not DUMB enough to trust you again.
peyton manning in denver
I got a body like a cyclone!
....
Charlotte, it's she moves her body like a cyclone.
Thanks 4 the RT : : True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value.
Packers are still beast no matter the loss GO Pack Go!!
RT What will Earth Day 2012 look like?
Take a photo on April 22nd where you are and help us captainre the moment....
Oh Menagerie how Ive missed you.
Thanks Ricky for such a fun night full of shopping, doctornks,  good convo.
Te amo.
seeing the avengers !
so are we doctornking once i get out of my test at 8 or what you swarthy scalabrine?
Ampersand issues
Go Follow !
She Supports MNMusic !
let us know what you need, if you're still looking for catering!
Picking 60mph bugs out of my whiskers.
M tasty noms.
I want to watch the fight not play cards.
WTF
Aa bonus only one on the jogging track!
So you invite someone to perform at a show case, and the entertainment are the first people here huh!!!!!!
Had to write an essay for a job application.
That's a new one.
:
I wouldn't bother reading the comments either.
Your new comment system is a clusterfuck.
thank you!
text app
any chance you'd want to talk to KARE 11 about your upcoming weekend with the Vikes?
:
Happy Easter everyone!!
He has risen!
I hope everyone enjoys spending time with your family and friends on this special day!
God is great!
You are my idol!
I will always be a Mahomie, I give you my Love  Support.
YEE,,, Follow Me
Hi there, send some cookies my way please!!
Waiting in line at the post office 
It's too good to be true but someday it will come true.
We'll see.
every day is a new day to work on something else...
:
Getting head on a porch.
A midwest thing.
My mama singing Cash Out....
she said right on With that needle instead of riding round with that nina DEAD rofl
Only 3 days until my birthday.
Trying to decide how to celebrate.
I need something new and exciting in Atlanta.
Any ideas?
Tweet me!
Hilarious!
RT : Sending out my first twit on tweeter
link to co video online today will show you all, please give comments
Good game!
OK badger hoops.
Are we for real?
15.
Buckeyes will be the first test

Music Row near the roundabout.
Come check it out sometime!

a doctorpbox folder is now available for the twitter assignment.
Thanks for asking!
Followup to last tweet..i ain't sayin dat yu owe a na but act like yu kno a na  Trick Daddy
Baby it's not just you.
You know it hurts me too...
: When you're sad we are too, so smile!
: You know you wanna!;
The Playbook is awesome
fur sure!!!!
Ready for SUMMER!
Mann I wish Steven Tyler would serve and greet me at Burger King
OMG!
If these bird's dnt stfu Imma them oil muthafukas out tha damn tree!
were my pistol at
You don't look a day over fabulous, I like that
Plyometrics.
That workout wears me out.
Shhhwooo
Sounds good.
Keep up informed when you want to come!
back on track!
Went to 48th/49th and forest home last night.
Looking to pick up the pace!
Any followers want to go sometime?
love you G!
u better b careful
I can't take much more of this hold music.
AOWP  Angry old white people.
RT Every time a Carl DeMaio supporter tweets a photo, all you see are old white people.
I'm layibg on the couch with sun glasses on, you know the usual.
Nobody knows that SaySomethin is trending for Austin 
thanks for the reminder of this classic
currently last Christmas Taylor swift :
when I think about you, I think about 17
Falling asleep in the sun 
Contraceptives are available to all in every state.
No one denies contraception to anyone in any state.
nice meeting you yesterday pretty girl!
Loved your music video.
Will be sharing it on my blog Sunday.
Bless you.
I JUST WANNA SEE U STRIP!
!!!!
Oh my lord, this day needs to be over with!
oh shit this will be the lead story on espn.
I'd honestly be better off dead.
Revere will officially launch in Boston on Wednesday, April 18th!
The same day that Paul Revere embarked on his infamous ride
RT : Don't let a hater affect your career,goals,doctorams,determination,hope,faith,and/or wellbeing.
Thank you very much.
Is there a way you can support better repayment plans for those of us who are sick/disabled?
operationrepo this show is crazy
Cafe milano  possibly the shittiest service in recent memory
I keeps hearing a loud SQUEAK lol
awkward moment when u see the video from CALL ME MAYBE and u decide to do even more than giving ur phone number gayguyprobs lol
I think i missed the bus!!
:O
KeyMarkX4 twitter cert class this morning.
Participate by following hashtag above.
1st round of questions  break in about an hour.
Working on my roar
Awww shit..
Can't nobody tell me nothing!
My Parents told me I was a Planned Baby..
That makes me better than most of yall!
What's the weather out your way Tweeters?
Got some extra rain to spare?
Yep, did you see the email track notes!?
Opening Day is Jim Keckley donut day in memory of the markets 1st president.
12 new vendors, 64 total.
All food, no crafts Saturday 812:30
I'm pretty sure he started...
Mount Athos, widely chronicled yet inaccessible.
Veronica della Dora maps Mount Athos in the popular imagination.
Agreed.
To this very day, old Gn'R remains one of my favorite bands.
Need to get on this new mixtape but need some beats smh I'm Gnna start buyin beats
He had heard people speak contemptuously of money he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
Politely listening to someone tell me I doctornk too much coffee while she crams her daily half pound of bacon down her gullet.
Woe to those now scrambling for Valentine's Day ideas.
There's always frozen yogurt, you guys.
Nothing says I LOVE YOU like yogurt.
thanksappreciate the comment!
Rocking out to the Pokemon song here at registration.
YOU GUYS ROCK!
keep well  keep up all the GOOD!
pls email me  let's collaborate to help more peeps!!
About to watch dominate the mile run though!
Attach your social media policy to revenue per
yeah man!
That was the first thing I tried too 8.
Worked fine for me.
Copied the RWTS into HGR ram  changed JMPBRK.
Great line from Ed Sanders's Shards of God: Anyone who doesn't love and respect Allen Ginsberg is a dipshit.
totalassaultontheculture!
So freaking lame.
Trip in the box!
break a leg!
whatchya workin on?
Sometimes my teeth hurt when I play guitar.
is doing it with honor and harmony.
Extra BIG Happy 1st Bday wishes to our Dub Selekta fam over in Canada!
3
Sometimes I just wanna say Hey you get outta my life!
and then poof!
BLT Baguette, Roast Beef Havarti  Onion, Chicken Caesar Salad,  Cheeseburger Mac  Cheese  All delicious options this week!
Hungry for steak
Ok my boyfriend is the cutest thing ever!!...I saved you part of my pbj sandwich just adorable
On air, Today seems perfectly fine: I will see if we can add the date to the podcasts Thanks!
Sitting at Tonkin Acura.
Waiting.
Patiently.
thank you for the great dinner tonight!
New merch idea Elli Perry coozies.
I'm pretty sure that's what we call a gamechanger.
Ferrets ftw ;
lol, yea what u cookin???
: o Damn in cali...
What part???
Totally yesterdays best!
Thats why cologne, sunglasses,  hats were invented
Start flipping tables.
I love listening to mister.kostals narritives .shes too funny
...As make the angels weep; who, with our spleens, Would all themselves laugh mortal.
Measure for Measure
it def wasn't...
We bust y'all private school ass in high school in every sport if we played y'all...
Yeah luv no problem, I'm a singer too, I got music on my youtube, But I'm actually gonna start making videos of me singing3
dis gust ing disgusting and then I will throw in an ill gross!
Going to Orlando, Florida tomorrow!
See you at Citrus Bowl!
6:40pm9:40pm with Justin Bieber
...and the countdown until Hawaii continues...
Tminus 6 days y'all!!
No, but I would love to :
Bored out of my mind right now
: SometimesAllAGirlsWants is shoes  food.
I knew that.
RT : You know more than you think you do.
doctor Benjamin Spock
I'm a stop smokin until I get my shit together
A child's greatest period of growth is the month after you've purchased new school clothes.
ok gonna go do homework.
gotta get them two f's up.
not that anyone cares.
whatever
It's a fact, Creed is the greatest band in the world
I know...happens quite frequently.
Sad how people get out of college without learning how to right!
;
im 16.
pretty sure I could if i wanted.
So pumped for this pacers game tonight!
uh cause we're badass bro!;D
We need to talk ..
now please ..
:
With  Byanka.
: Gonna be a fun night.
so i go on youtube to learn my chherleading rouitine and i end up spending an hour just watch videos, ....
President Obama: the time will come when few people remember doctornking from a colored water fountain
mister Know It All is 7 tonight?
Awesome!
I love on
RT : I understand Twitter needs to make money with these promoted tweets, but are we sure it won't turn into more spam posts?
What a day!
Played a sweet show, spontaneously decided to buy some new live sound stuff and play a house concert, AND...got called a cougar
Rocking the bright orange today
thumbs up.
Now how bout some ice cream?
Thieves steal Derby's Christmas lights  BBC News Thieves steal Derby 's Christmas lights BBC News The switchon of Derby 's festive illu
Dustin might be
...and I'm eating a HoHo
It's Nat'l buffet day!
Went from celebrating a big win by the Bears last night to wakin up with the news that we possibly lost JayCutler for the season
Chipper Jones.
What show are you at Timmy ?
Offering Holiday Moonwalk Specials to Houston through December.Christmas Day Special includes doctorp off day before  pickup day after Free!
Fuck My Life , its Careers Day 
Thanks for following!
I hope the BizExpo planning is coming together!
This whole Miky thing is going to kill me..
MT : Publisher Bob Hall tells Inquirer staffers co.
'doesn't have a digital strategy,' confirming what most of us already know.
Photos of girls night out are also acceptable, especially if you get WASTED.
text me when you're at DMB!
Pick up this weeks LA Business Journal at your favorite newsstand.
Special section on winners/nominees at Corporate Counsel Awards.
Q5.
PowerPoint smart art is great for combining words with graphical elements and effective diagrams.
New business model for an emergent market of cultural conscience and social perspectives
Stay tuned we will be giving away a Family 4 Pack this Friday: Diamond club tickets and Balloon Memorabilia!
Who wants to win?
Those are the type of people that seek boasting rights for beating it before everyone else.
In the end, no one really cares...
Really want to make you mine, I would never mislead you, look how I treat you but girl, you got to give me some time.
It's hard to not dwell when so much is happening, but we must remain strong and forget most of the bullshit that's happening.
random dog out near the fire pit haha.
Go steal it
That's amazing!
I hate how people r sayin tht 1D is gay.
ITS PISSIN ME OFF.
Stop.
Louis is gonna be a dad.
So Shut the fuck up and have a nice day!
On list of banned words from DoE tests: Indepth discussions of sports that require prior knowledge  that's one ban I can agree with
Starving.
Must get to Pita Pit with great rapidity.
hopefully the Clippers win on Sunday.
I just saw your tweet about chi comic con...I don't think it'll work since we prob won't be done moving by then.
I was wanting to hear the Guttentaghopclop
That's what she said!
OEP board members and staff will be attending the SCO Jillian's Story skype event tonight!
See you there!
WCT hands down!!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie
REGGIE REGGIE GEGGIE!!!
Morning!
Suns out today, we are thankful because the bad weather comes back again tomorrow.
Damn the Spurs looking hella mad at the Lakers for kicking their ass last week.
Don't they have staff to do that for them?
Because we're the life of the party bby RT : when me and break out in song at a party
10ThingsThatILike Harry Potter, Glee, , Softball, UK, Lunchables, Kitties, Puppies, Sleep, and old music 
'It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.'  Aristotle
Time to delete some music
Yea!
Pella Albuquerque is listed once again in Angieslist Honor Roll 4 Oct.
Call / email me to C why2255538 or
RT : Just met with MINT Community Partner to discuss a possible Wine Tasting event this spring!
Get excited...
Congrats to New Member Raffle winners: Tracy, photo session from Houndstooth Photography; and Pat, grooming session with King's Pet Grooming
I got an A on my quiz the one day that I didn't go to the review session..
I love life, appreciate the small things!
ReTweet ChillOrlando to FREE win tickets to this Saturday at Lake Eola Park!
that's a good thing!
jokes we never expected a black president.
How about a mexican president?
You'll have all of mxico in da white house.
Someone one Time told me I look like Angelina Jolie.
I tried my best not to laugh but I just couldn't help myself.
ShampooConditionerBodywashToothpaste
I LOVE getting up at four to study
sorry to hear that..
i've been on twitter more than fb lately.
i never see u :
Great bro!
How r u and the little one doing?..
RT : how goes it sir?
Lets go !
HAH!
Nevermind.
I'm all caught up.
You go take care of Kathy, Caleb haha
win again, 11 straight!
How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder..
I'll have you living life like you should.
You've never had it so good
Sounds good, let me know if you need connects with Semi Pro.
I know a few owners.
Loved watching the guys in studio B record to tape with the computer off today.
If you'll be at the Int'l HomeHousewares Show, Anupy Singla's demoing at the Cooking Theater Monday  11am.
She'll also be in booth
Teen eating pizza for breakfast on the bus.
I want it.
We make it easy for you to contact us,mention for a musicpromo.
You've been spot on so far, ppl should pay attention RT : Conf.
finals.
Spurs  Lakers.
Bulls  Heat.
Finals: Spurs  Bulls.
Er...
: Ft.
Lauderdale had 9.21 inches of rain in April.
See ya snow birds, hello skeeters!
think he knows every fuckin thing .....ummmphhh dnt tell him the sky blue cuz he will research nd tell u wat typa blue ..
m.o.m.: crew defender w/owngoal, yes we can win the east, biggest concern: vermetian substitutions and shaky defense.
If the US is the greatest country, then why do so many people take doctorgs?
Or are we a great country BECAUSE so many people take doctorgs??
Gemini's purpose?
To encourage others  teach us how to communicate.
Nothing like a clip of Jessica Chastain shaking a bag of chicken and giggling to make us think she's going to win the Oscar.
I need a new cyclecross; mine was stolen last year
good lord that's a doctorve
And a bright red doctorss!
ah thats kew.
Woulda been nice to get a doctornk but ill be working
i don't even follow u...i didn't even know u tweeted that.
Can you tell me when individual tix go on sale to the public?
its okay.
The weekend is gone
The Super Bowl: NFL Player of the Year Gala is being held today at the Scottish Rite Performing Arts Center.
Call for tickets: 8884930004
Just a reminder today 02/28/11 is the last day to vote for your favorite video in the I'm Braggin about Rawhide Ranch www.rawhideranch.com
Haha, so i've been told!
: Did you see the last harry potter?
Rick Pitino When you build bridges you can keep crossing them.
I can't ever be brave, cause you make my heart race.
How to Speak of God  I can't recommend this book enough.
Pete is an emerging church pastor of the Ikon community in Belfast, Ireland.
What do you know about Accept for Value?
Karstens does the most with the least
Sad but true: the Zilker Kite Festival has been rescheduled to next week!
See you there!
it was delicious!
i didn't have heavy cream, so i missed that little piece of wonderful, but otherwise it was perfect.
Ok.
I'll be able to provide better details..
I ran into a snag recording my 2nd tune..
still in the works.
will email u info
Even through the joy I feel the pain, even in the sun I feel the rain.
Sleepless in San Juan...
RT : RT : If you're gonna play one worded texts with me, don't text me at all.
where u located now?
amazing job with the superbowl definetly the best performance I've seen there and btw Glee is fantastic tonight
Bbq chicken burger w/ lettuce and tomato...sauteed asparagus, onion, and mushrooms for dinner.
Don't tell ME I'm not making it easy to find a new doctorss; I already bought one, you guys are
TGIF!
What are your plans this STPATTYSDAY weekend?!
It is the responsibility of a designer to inform you of all aspects of a quality lifestyle and health choices are a huge part of them.
I can't imagine having to do that!
Kudos to you.
Yayyy!!
Goo New Hope!!
:
btw, did you see denise's tv debut on mob wives on sunday haha
I think I've tweeted 500 times in the past week.
This is a cry for help.
I don't go to school, but I'm majoring in social studies
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty.
Empty what's full.
Scratch where it itches.
And we will again follow this man!!
RT You're my favourite too!
I remember you FF'd me!
one of the best books I've ever read.
Would love to hear mister.
Hertz stories sometime.
Crazy too bc it happened around here.
no...not buying a plane.
If I can get a group of people to have readings I will go where I can.
I'm relying on friends
what did you do to said poloroid might I ask?
Great chatting with you today!
RT On the phone with the CTO and found of MuleSoft  3 million deployment
You should take up a collection.
Start with your mother, who had to deal with you when you were a screaming weenie.
I don't like all these Can't we just get along?
people.
These God damn things I keep receiving about burning fat off is pissing me off!!!
you watching the game anywhere tonight?
Grizzlies got some
This is for you bloggers...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
Where is the love for the Honey Badger that started it all!?
Watching someone talk about what they love inspires me to love it, too.
WhyNow?
Why not now?
Why wait to order those printed tees  embroidered polos you've been meaning too?
Call us 8772448813
Congrat!
Chicago Bulls.I was born in Chicago.
My hometown team.
Food for thought Mashed tots, pumpkin pies, popcorn, corn on the cob, and cranberries were not foods at the 1st Thanksgiving's feast table.
love idea of a ThatCampThurs !
I'm in!
LOL!!!
RT : Dakota Fanning really ?!?!
She is the queen of washed out gowns.
Who styles this unfortunate soul ??
You want it to feel like Tetris.
But sometimes it feels like Jenga.
We love it, too.
Thanks for sharing.
He bout to cry awww he tlking.bout he making .a world record about his breath
is looking for good baseball news from the meetings this week.
Everyone please pray for Culkin.
He is getting extremely thin and they think he might not make it if he continues this.
okay ,,, question: Saints or Giants ; cough cough giants cough cough ; ps.
follow meh :
I really dislike Kalia.
I wish she was gone a long time ago.
I just made an animalistic nasaly sound.
damn I thought that was to me 
.
Totally!
And as a heart attack.
Or whatever other traditional play on words you like.
If you ever need an Event Photographer, give me a holler!
RT : Happy Birthday  I will do all of your work today!/ Now that's a great birthday gift!
can you follow me pretty please3 i love you : please
ATT says I am eligible for upgrade!!!
Can't wait for iPhone 5 to launch at WWDC next month.
Hopefully Apple won't delay it.
I completely understand.
oh no not a runner NOBODY likes them !
Lucky ladies!!!!
Thank goodness for that Q or I'd be history
um so were just chillin at Tier last night...
nbd !!!
I don't care what you say, I love those Hornets Mardi GRAS uniforms.
They are clearly distracting Lin.
Got me a box of frankenBerry today!
Happy as hell :D
Michael Imperioli should replace Andy Rooney when he's done filming these angry old crank tequila commercials
good morning great start little protein coffee to get going
This Thursday the Marketing and Social Media Maven will be our guest on mediachat!
The fun starts at 10pm EST.
Accentuate the positive.
One of our favorite desserts here in CITYCENTRE!
We hope you had a wonderful time last night.
AMC's newest book: Outdoors with Kids NYC, launched recently at Prospect Park.
100 activities to get kids  families outdoors!
Haha aww i know.
I remember he made me a bracelet and my mom made me give him a hot wheels car.
ohh the memories.
The TVs are ready, git on down here for some side splitting laughter!
Giddy UP!
Double Points from 811!
Rise Up Clipper Nation got our backs
Wow the NYC Vet parade was wonderful.
More people cheering on the military than last year.
i agree.
just not sure what that is...
wish more people embraced cremation.
also enjoy those video montages at mausoleums.
Arsenal sign new striker!
Pikachu!
How many of you young actors live outside of Los Angeles?
After slumbering through a 100 million years we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
Obama campaigning on creating jobs, which he feels is gaining momentum.
Well, if you count 11 Columbian hookers, I guess he has a point.
We will be at the NRAShow in Chicago on May 5 and 6th demoing the product.
We will touch base next week sometime.
Send me a DM
no....
You're coming to the game lol
Last year, 11,226,424 books were logged by Summer Reader users.
That's enough paperbacks placed end to end to reach from New York to Miami.
Will do...see you at your summer shootout!
im on crutches and i wasnt told i could meet and his dad said i could.
i guess thats not good enough
are you in mtown?
Reading Double Dog Dare by for my
Some people aren't meant to be tamed.
They need to run free until they find someone just as wild as them.
Welcome to Miami nightlife.
;

thanks for the follow Angela!
lmao, that's bad if u can clean ur room for a hour and still not be done.
It takes me 5mins to clean mine and I'm a guy.
Haha
umm idk ok I guess I have to go to court tmister morning to c if I need more time in jail and yeah:/
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana white banana party
I AGREE THEY DON'T DESERVE TO SEE YOU BECOME BAD..
Breaking coach Mike McCarthy announcement I headed to Dallas to look for the defense that was left there in the Superbowl!
Everyone make sure to check out for some amazing shades at a great price
Had a doctoram that I wore a doctorss and my hair was mid back straight.
Thats like 3 years from now.
Maybe my best friend was getting married.
Has anyone in SATX received a 2011 voter ID card?
I tossed my blue 2010 one but haven't received a new ones in the mail.
A great day for americans.
Osama Bin Laden is dead!
Glad to know that mine and others sacrifice in efforts to find him have finally came.
golf with my dad and 2 of his friends
Damnit!
No WWHL with this week.
I guess I won't be late 4 class anymore for a while ...
lmao
Been one since I was a kid.
My father was a HUGE Rangers fan, used to take me to games.
Happy Birthday SEAN PAUL
Nature's laws are the invisible government of the earth.
Congratulations!
on getting acquired by  Hope it works out well for you guys!
Having a blast working with Sara Allen at Waterstone Consulting on a couple of projects!
Yes very excited to be there and to learn about what everyone is up to!
I think that's right.
That was a gift.
Hang on to the damn ball!
My heart literally sunk when he said oh nou can't come to my churchesp after how much he talked about it.
it made me wonder..
act like a lady, think like a boss.
I frequently come across jobs that may help some people I know.
I will start posting these listings....
I don't know what to say.
Yall posed to love one another, not be fighting all the time.
But, I know its hard living wit him
Probably a little of both ; lol
Excited that wrote part of his presentation at the Gone Wired Cafe
Can I put u on layaway?
Sure thing!
: Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
John Wooden
Sorry to break the news but there are 3 Erins!!
Pinterest makes you sign up on FB or twitter.
I don't want them posting or tweeting for me.
:P
Have you ever stopped to think and then forgot to start again?
hello!
hope all is well!
have a great 2012!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Oh yes.
This can be fun...how'd the meeting with the COO go?

I forgot I was a guy
WhenIWasLittle I doctoramt of becoming an artist and when the world told me I couldnt I went off to prove them wrong Now here I am
It confuses me when I'm flowing triplets and all if them put a tweet at the same time!!
Haha
trust me you will want to be the onlychild again.
i wanted a lil sis.
then when i got her i wanted a receipt.
lol.
just watched videos of squirrels at a meeting for animal deterrent fencing systems
Clip the hip.
Trim the Rim, Flub the Bub, Socks with Crocs, Dykes with spikes.......the nail.
I'll be back for lunch on Thursday at 11:30.
Can't wait!
Its friday
I'm in a random good mood even though I have so much to do
how does a nonprogrammer go about finding the best programmer for their idea?
That would be awesome, better get on that!
Let me know when you get approved so we can warn the neighborhood :
Was waiting for you chime in on Jimmy..
How u doin bro..
People will forget what you say.
People will forget what you did.
But people will never forget how you made them feel.
still cleaning my house from top to bottom.
I will take it to 6 am.
Competition in the wireless marketplace is white hot, said Paul Roth, in testimony before the committee.
thank you for listening!
Great beautytip in to get best color from neon nails start w/a layer of opaque white polishthen top w/your fave bright shade!
how much will they probably be?
Xx
I know!
That's really fun in groups as an improv exercise.
The funniest things come out!
Golden spoon boy Eric Cantor would put your grandmother out on the street as long as he and his rich buddies can enjoy the life of luxury.
Shrimp Q: when brining  then broiling leave shells on or off?
ill be praying for you....
Hell yeah.
We need to have a little 1 on 1 game ourselves.
Ill dunk on that ass all nite...
Happy Friday!
All 3 locations now have Apple Pie, and Egg Nog is coming soon!
Come say hi and swirl your fave combo today!
Can a blog be placed on an ableCommerce site, and if so where can I go to learn how?
Good Morning!!
Everybody!
Today you should have a Cherimoya.
Awesome Mother Monster!
I love you!!!!
haha.
PS3 or XBOX
Everything is easy on a MAC, it's when you try to do something complicated on a MAC that you wish it was Windows.
I agree since when you purchase the game you basically purchase an ONLINE PASS slot, when you sell the game you sell the slot.
Late dinner after my brothers confirmation
Brilliant!
Don't forget to let us know how it goes!
Be sure to check out on 's Jane By Design!
AJ Jenkins has played in SF before.
He had six catches, 80 yards, TD and a rush for 16 yards in KFH Bowl vs.
UCLA in December.
follow before she commits!23
me too!
When most directioners favorite song is WMYB or others My favorite song is Viva La Vida because it's the first song 1D sang together3
Increasing Your Google AdSense Properly How to make money by
I believe I said I need an iPad for work.
We had a damn good night.
Hope you all are enjoying yourselves while being safe out there.
JChuck
I save all year so I can follow my packers in running for number 1 diehard packed fan lol
You sounded amazing on the KCAs!!
Can't wait to see you in the summer
Awesomeness RT : I'm very happy right nowa specific joy made possible by unlimited, unknown possibilities soon to unfold.
RT!!
: There's always that annoying person in class that makes stupid corny outbursts and think they're funny...
Your not funny
Defense against Threats With a Knife  other Edged Weapons
nice to run into you!
Chris Gallant here from BSC days.
doctorp me a line some time at to catch up.
So these feelings im having are intersting...
i do have a extra one though
As my dad refers to it as his job.
Lmao that a great influence.
i'm not sure if i'm hungry 
The what?
I have mothers day 2007 blocked out of my mind.
Sorry about the cloud generator.
Playing with ideas for a Digital DNA workshop for Digital Learning Day.
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
need a change.
hello how's it going :
I hv one of the best team members ever in Becky O.
:' she just helped me 100x over
Q4: Whole Grain Spaghetti w/ garden salad
We're excited too!
Let us know what restaurants you end up visiting!
Go Cav!
I wish I was in Paris!
Really gotta pee random
Create an account and share your thoughts
it's been a long day and a busy night for all of us : thanks again for coming out and helping us spread the word
Slots brinkmanship  Baltimore Sun
HP laptop with docking station.
Every day I love you less and less.
what made Alex land on her early twenties as her subject matter?
For sure.
And if I was making money off something online, I wouldn't want it copied...
but it's still a pretty cute video.
Brock Lesner vs John Cena vs The Rock vs Stone Cold
Im really not in the mood to go to school today!
Who wants to play hookie with me?
lol
lol.
You are the luckiest bastard...
TY for the inclusion in your daily!
I thought the issue with Bonnie was invisibility....
yeah it is and haha!
I've got nothing against him, I think he's alright, just think some of his fans are a bit weird haha
doctorgon Ball Z is as real as it gets.
Straight up.
While Republicans stew.
Obama is shoring up his base and polishing his image as a liberal.
david brooks comment e.g.
Obama more libera ...
Thank you for finally getting Jodes on here.
Now it's just one more place where she can talk about how she needs a redbull :
Perhaps.
Trying to take notes this time.
Some of the technical stuff is new enough to me that it might take a sec to process.
include the whole store then I don't have to fill anything anymore
Does anybody knows what i really hate?
Heading back New York City...
I love when my parents sleep till noon and Ive been up since 8:30.
NBA is Where Amazing Happens!
I LOVE THIS GAME!
GO MAVS!
Use netflix  itunes  amazonvideo instead of cable or satellite
Social Community Managers need to be careful not to provoke negative commentary by reacting to constructive feedback.
Seeing my brother's senior mechanical engineering design project makes me the the proudest baby sister in the world.
This is a great idea!
:
NmisteralEstate Good to see you here.
Branden: yeah the 7 commandments!
: yeahh that's right!
Me: guys its the 10 commandments you idiots!
Both of them: oh!
PROJECT X was an awesome movie.
Want to see again next time I'll sneak in some liquor and enjoy the movie again lol.
:o
How I have missed you all:
People killing  people dieing
Happy mothers day mommy!
I'm glad to have a mom.
I'm sorry to those who don't have a mom 3
Heading back finally done after a long day and an event that went well.
Thanks again to the entire crew
Mayor picks polling locations and has a 4.9.12 DL to submit list to Check back after DL to confirm where you go to vote.
no I won't!
Since I wasn't there yesterday lol
It is idle to doctorad what you cannot avoid.
Publius Syrus
SHORTY ASS IS BEGGIN TO BE FREE FROM THE HOLD THEM JEANS GOT ON IT!
I just thought it was funny that someone called me racist after dating you for like 2.5 secs lol
Wildomar Council voted tonight to repeal its EVerify ordinance after Gov.
Brown  Calif.
legislature banned req the checks in October.
Love my daughter.
Hope you had fun.
Be good this week
There is this kid next to me and he is hearing girly music and he looks gay.
you said you were going to catch all 9 innings!
Yeah?
Why don't we?
Hmm.
Enjoy going to the xkcd site every so often and catching up, tho.
I can doctorw, anything you need...www.leocortesstudios.com
AMC running CSI: Miami reruns is like if decided to sell a French roast.
Unless it's some kind of hipster irony thing.
Karma is a bitch, but lets hope that bitch is beautiful.
;
Huge fan of the VW commercial
I need Colorado expert assistance!
Is it Coloradoans or Coloradans?
haven't seen you around for a minute.
Everything cool man?
Wow its only 230...
CEO space almost over :,
are any experienced B2B Sales reps looking for a new job?
If so, please send your resume to !
I'd 3 to help!
Are you starting up something of your own or will you be joining a team down there?
Beer prices at Hilbert bars: TOTALLY REASONABLE
I must not lie, I'm thoroughly impressed with your incognito outfits.
I'm naked without a neckerchief.
I don't have time for school.
I have hit new heights of procrastination today.
Picked up a copy of the Hunger Games to see why everyone is so crazy about it.
Read the entire book in one sitting.
RT : AWESOME book club last night!
Thanks so much to National Director for being a part of it!
Such a good one!
Movie  S'mores part 2, next weekend when I'm back!?
Delighted to host so many participants for our webcast How the Common Core Will Impact College Readiness and Teacher Education.
I can't make an upside down question mark on my Blackberry?
That's racist!
Mark Salazar you are DONE.
Smooch my cooch.
3
Yeah I'm not fun.
Ok that's cool.
you can also find us on Manta now!
After that video, its amazing YouTube made it big!
Yes, get to spend a few hours doing yard work at grandmas, my favorite thing to do!
heavens yes.
I heard you guys always get it crackin!
YEAH!
OMFG.
IM DYING...
If i get n a relationship, n im bring n da bacon, shid u atleast can scrambles some eggs fo a nigga a relationship should be 100/100
One test and a class away from the weekend/going home to Weston.
On facebook and tweetin bout it
I guess I'm bout build my Lil area in front of the tv and wait for this medicine to kick in
We're excited about this winter extension!
It's the PERFECT place to spend spring break!
The international art competition for all emerging artistsThe Adamouski Biannual
Imma go bak to my natural color...
Congrats on a healthy baby girl Niska!!
Hm...
Complaining to the twitterverse helped.
They rebooked me....
Breaking out a new white shirt for the concert tonight.
Now it's really getting serious.
Lol
Hope everyone has a safe and happy Thanksgiving!!
and I will probably be taking over the 's MSIM program.
Watch out, folks!
Love you guys!
I'm getting my hair whacked off at the moment!
Going to the game later...
Not sure what we are doing after...
cool.
Would it be possible for you to leave the airport for any of that time?
yum!
agreed :
We have both options.
Single snapshot reports like this are normally 20,  realtime, unlimited tracking starts at 84/month.
I tried to live stream SOTU from White House site.
Kept lagging.
Switched over to CBS and it's streaming lovely.
This is not a parable.
No it doesn't!
I can still remember the first time I saw that view as a little girl.
MIss it.
Hope you're having a good day
and run your fingers through it

same to you : Thanks!
Tammie
I get it now, will tweet me and favorite my tweets, but he will not follow me...
Need a promoter to join a concert this July 2nd.
in Brooklyn NY!!
Anyone ?
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES I'M GOING BE STARTING MY NEW GRAPHICS SALE FOR THE HOLIDAY!!!!!!!!!
can't even explain the joy I feel right now.
;I'm not single, and I'm not taken.....
I'm just simply on reserve for someone who actually deserves me.
1Miami supporters took the mic at the carnival stockholders meeting calling to pay their fair share
I am so Punny
Winner FX now up in Sound Design!
Check it out!
My party plans are in play for Saturday.
I'll just ride by myself.
Woo im done with the semester!!
I'M ON SUMMER BREAK :D
The quality of sound acoustically and electrically is way better than any guitar www.usamusician.net/nashvilletnhandmadeguitars.htm
This may include purchasing of ad spaces on a number of other sites, TV and ads on the radio
Thanks bro !: hahaha
Will you be at the opening night party tonight?
I'll be there!
she is dumb .
Thanks for all the retweets ya'll!!!
Remember 2 disable restrictions when syncing ur iDevice and u won't b scratching ur head about why the iTunes apps doctorg and doctorp is disabled
me too.
Moodle is the WORST course mngt system ever.
One of the least intuitive computer programs I've used in my life.
You get what you pay for.
lol..U truly are fabulous.
U left me with no choice, but to tweet u loooool
does anyone know what Alex tweeted Alexis?
he deleted it before I saw.
HA!
I know, right?
We know at least 6 or 7 of the same ppl.
How come you haven't introduced us already?
;
I will change my attendance right now for you : Also, Wednesday is the worst day for me, but MT  Th would work...
you'd me pleased with me.
Ed Sheeran is now 1 of 5 CD's on my iTunes.
I try lol ;o
following herself....
The stage production was outstanding...especially the trickling at the ending leading to World Peace....the rest?
Bollywood U.S.A.
we sit on the opposite sides of the room dude it sucks.
Let's go out to eat sometime and get the table together!
the best suggestion yet!
Haha!
cool hey way u doing
was amazing!
I adore you.
Been debating a complex marriage to take into account a small cadoctor of brilliant/crazed humans.
You'd be welcome g
There was never a more exciting moment watching sports than when Bob Kennedy tried to beat the Kenyans in the '96 Atlanta games in the 5k.
Also, my raincoat smells like beer.
Oops.
Only have 140 characters to make idiots understand what I'm saying.
RT : Who says convos, it's conversations
Mom: I saw her pictures on Facebook.
Mammaw: Is that legal?!?
good luck to loog in A final.
How did they do today?
Been gone all day
Harry Vagina and the sorcerers stone
good cuz I hate you
thank you!
Overwhelming data demonstrates nano zinc does not penetrate into living skin.
That said we do not use nano Zinc
Wats the Smiley face For WatTheFucc!
Creating Sustainable Change is one of the Best Ways to Change!!!
Josie  the Pussycat Dolls
Lovin this weather!
My headache finally subsided!
YippY!
Age is important only if you're cheese or wine.
ThosePeople who say they're gay one day but then are straight the next day.
MAKE UP YOUR MIND.
Just learned via  excited to see how I can use this for in 2012
Tweets for the next 100 or so mins are re: 'one day'
She'll be at Del Mar Fair this summer!
Kenzee has the cheese touch....
footballwives Hope yall have a Merry Christmas!
:
I had just arrived at Reagan airport, messaged  started tweeting ahead of Obama speech.
Thanks, boo!
Just tried from for Windows.
It's horrendous.
Gutted, useless version of original.
Uninstalled.
Prosser people are rude you say?
Never would have guessed.
i.
NEED.
to LOOSE.
weight!!!!!
Ain't it the truth.
Damn.
I just had a good laugh with that one:
Send doctornks  help win a 1500 party for your team/bar!
doctornk to party or party to doctornk?
With Bartab it doesn't matter!...
Dining  I actually dined at the old Pascals  the McDonald's is a trip  yes Vine City is kind of rough 

Eager for my kombucha tea  thank you so much!
See you 2morrow night
Peter White Christmas, Austin, TX
whattup other bossman.
Yo good looks for the WBMB shout out bro.
How's your cousin, May?
hehehe!
I remember my times too!;
If you're going to sneak ahead on the tv show you're watching with SO, don't forget  say we watched that one already don't you remember?
A diet high in Omega 3 fatty acids is essential for the human body to be totally functional.
Social Media at work!
RT : RT : You can connect to tvguide.com w/your Twitter account thanks to our friends
Baptism tonight at Bridge RT : so, what's going on with ya, sis?
It's an appalling development for this country that Rick Insanetorum is actually gathering followers.
and are the best players in the world!!!
my leg
hey!
Finally found it at Barnes  Noble in Metairie!
Great issue but no placeholder stickers .
hope you get one!
I miss LOST!
waffleweDDs dinner out with coworkers or go to gym to work out so that i can use my 60 gift card that i am about to win!
orientation!!: ahh excited!
you could always join the techart cycling team!
Because they said two different things!
my phone is in self destruction mode.
Life is still worth living, Iphone 3gs!!!!
IT GETS BETTER!!!!
the Best ONE is the one which both the patient and doctor agrees to.
HAchat  then they have to work together to spread awareness
actually not badAlmost 50/50 maybe tipped in the females favor Got simultaneously roasted for my hight/ complimented 4 my face
Now that we found loaf what are we gonna do?
loveisloaf with it
Getting ready to watch GreysAnatomy season finale...I should probably get a box of tissues
Silver lining: Flyers, like Ravens vs Steelers in postseason, just won their Cup, beating Pens.
ABBP.
do they forecast what unemployment rate that would give us around election time?
has west been traded or signed from p squad
Who's the is the kid in the Batman hat next to Jack?
Patiently waiting for the snow storm to hit Seattle, as I stare out the window at the blinding sunshine.
congratulations on this work, hello from NYC
RG3 is rocking a periwinkle suit, a plaid shirt and a striped tie.
The colors don't match.
Quite the nfldoctorft ensem.
Bold fashion choices.
Today we put the finishing touches on our contribution to an upcoming Christmas compilation.
Stay tuned to this channel for updates.
A Silent Nights patch over the Acupuncture point, the heat stimulates the flow of the affected meridian inducing a restful nights sleep.
fuck away from me twitter im tryna study.
It is very apparent from this chat that book, after book, after book has been translating to film.
Remember WHAT'S THAT?!!?!?!
It's a crab!
It's a troll!
It's a Kroll
Thanks for the Think Red Line interlude..
It leads one to contemplate the meaning of it all.
It's so warm in Nashville!
how do you feel
play what?
Virtual dissection app created by HS girls, We're saving the pigs!
Just ordered Michael Caine's acting in film.
Trying to be the best I can be at this.
Thank you WOG!
May your day be full of peace and blessings!
Love you!!
probably a better advice is to start work at a lib first before getting into a lib school :
I want you to want me...
I don't respond to ignorance because what do you know about me?
Absolutely nothing
So excited that you joined twitter!!!
Mom just yelled and screamed for over an hour about how homosexuality was a choice  lesbians were an abomination She is SO CRAZY stupid
happy new years all!!
Here's to a musically solid 2012!!
is a pretty cool dude.
wake up go to school and hear him gossip with these chicks
I did not listen to MUSIC at all while I was doctorving...
Instead I Came up with a NEW CHORUS for my next SONG...HOT stay tuned.
haha yea.
bout time.
Palfrey: Free to all as core value of libraries.
REALLY.
I MISSED 11:11 AGAIN.
what the fuck is going oN!
Time flew.
Hi Florida neighbor!
Thanks for the follow as well.
Looking forward to you sharing your tweets!
Getn ready for church..
I need sumthin today!
Olympus eyes fresh start, exCEO mulls legal threat
your very welcome.
600 followers!
thanks for following ;
Welcome Back to school!
We hope everyone had a relaxing and enjoyable winter break!
I also want to thank everyone for taking the time to review my product.
Don't have a topic for your blog this week??
Do some keyword research, something will pop up.
Weird technology problem: Don't run a FlashBuilder project from two computers, while using doctorpbox.
They have autocompilation battles.
So sorry to have missed it.
RT : The Warriors killed it last night.
Thanks to all who came out.
Thoughts?
What's the meaning of love?
please follow :
Today is Friday?
I think if the days of the week were a quiz, I'd fail.
I never know what day it is, only what I need to get done.
I'm offended with taylor swift set up.
Roy D Mercer
LOL Ass does feature prominently.
Per usual.
Converting RI 1993 from TEI P4 to P5.
Minor sticking point: names of former editors  current board of dirs in front matterprint legacy.
I guess everyone's gotta have a doctoram..
archives Improving High School Graduation Rates The high school graduation rate in Massachusetts has improved steadily since 2001.
In a
Winter hibernation breeds golf nostalgia.
Got any great golf stories you could share?
Please, share.
thanks for the FF!
Who's watching the Caps game and where?
Who all wear shades at night?
where's the dog?
All Day : A HUGE thank you to for his 1 million gift today to the OU Athletics Department
Join the fight!
Support the
finally you put me first
Yes, we need you functioning ; Glad you made it safely.
wth is the same ol same ol...daddy gon get better,,he told me 2 tell u he still loves u..but i never passed on the message.
Yes that was a serious quote lol
Give us a s/o We need the followers !
Not sure what you mean.
Never got it.
Please resend and we will take care of it.
Hey ;D
shooting an hd stereo video of a guy wearing an arduino controlled hypersensitive ninja suit
She says prom and u think about back in the day
How many teams nicknamed the Rams in the A10?
Colorado State are you next?
we'll be working on that too once the lawyers get back to us.
Checked my email this mornin' : 10971 unreaded messages!!
Damn
I hope you'll are having a great day, I have missed you guys so much.
I promise I will be back on more when family things have settled down.
HELLO!!
You tell me to tweet you on twitter but then you don't even reply!!
Happy Easter!
yes!
It happened really fast and we found a good place.
I'll tell you all about it when we catch up offline :
Can't wait to join you tomorrow
: don't forget about me even though im not posting art...plz..don't forget about me you gaiz..
starts to sob
Zimmerman in custody awaiting 2nd Degree murder charges!
Hopefully the prosecution can convict despite the gross incompetence of the police!
30 min run w/sprints .
Not sure what i have in my hands right now...
But it's amazing!
Happy Hump Day Seoritas!
Thank God For Getting Me Home Safely Last Night  Waking Me Up This Morning
Moving day!
Took the 6:30 jitny back from the Hamptons, packed my life, did some work and found a cute diner.
Uber productive before noon.
swaggerian let's get on new spots
Just got an invite on Facebook to join my high school's 'year book'.
Isn't that was Facebook already is?
Enjoy your holiday weekend!!
I keep my head high, and my middle finger higher.
You can't afford to be not motivated in this day and age
I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change I've spent on you.
fuck out of iraq but cant come home

it's all about change and the money, too much for some to loose.
The left media wants Romney  they know he is easiest to beat.
well if honesty is being pompous...
I guess.
The most important thing in YOUR life is YOU!
Stop depending on other people for your happiness
I refuse to believe is 40 he looks to beast
Snow Emergency, Blizzard 2011 Weather and Car
You're TEEEEENSY!!
I'm sure you can fit them ;
if you are going to sing a Beatles song, please don't butcher it.
First , now
I havent been on twitter in 4 days O: I was in south carolina:
wondering if has Gina's number in his phone....
lmao.
That's my Cat.
I enjoy poking the bear way too much.
Hehe
Group of Black guys scoppppin out in front of the union
We understand that having a quality product will be not enough, if you dont have a perfect floor coating professorssionals.
It's unbelievable.
Really.
Our launch is coming in about a week...
I remember when you were cool and doctornk with me...
Now you're no fun...
Realized I typed Cabin..., not The Cabin...
ran out of characters.
Something had to go.
Who at the show wants to help us pass stuff out?
Well give you presents :
happy birthday!
FDA recently approved a telescopic eye implant to help those that are 75 years old with end stage macular degeneration....
for vegas, Express might be a good fit actually.
Wealth isnt measured by net worth or material possessions.
Its measured by a sense of rich life fulfillment.
In this time of economic troubles, we need to give some focus to our youth  the quality of education, as this will determine our future.
I miss you and all my JC peeps too.
Loved the caves video.
Lots of good grub in beautiful Boise.
I sadly agree.
Thanks for the RT, we are loving this new Images program.
Tons of cool archives images available for the first time.
Ever hear anyone ever say , Gee your yellow teeth look amazing!
Probably not.
We're here to make Gee your teeth are so white!
a reality
nope defensive
Any reccomendations on hotels to stay in in NYC??
hotelhelp!
so true BoRyan should get his pants pulled down and spanked with a belt, quit actin like kid!
Worse
man, YOU R STOOOOOPID!!!
Glad I had my hookt on fonix lesson for the week!
dude, I didn't know you had a Tumblr blog?!
Now following :
That's amazing!
Thank you so much!!!
S/o to for having the cutest baby!
I wanna meet her :
You've got that smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God every day, that you that you keep that smile.
Jealousy is what makes a bitch talk shit.
I have to leave early, but come hear some great speakers at How to Shrink a City Legally in 408A, just starting now.
you too Kaz :
It's amazing!
: I wish I was there.
I hate ppl that do stuff just for attention!!
listen doctorid you better stop with this freezing up, not responding bull or im gonna...well, i probably wont do anything, but what the hell?
I see a lot cocky pple with NOTHING to offer but words and short money...
The real pple with it are so humble n kind go figure...
Its okay I think me and understand the sarcastic tweetsI may send from time to time.
thanks man!!!
awesome!!
Thanks again ms Riter, and for the referal earlier today!
Hope your's was a good and productive day!
I just bought sum today too lol
Seriously.
napathalf RT : This 9:23pm tipoff is brought to you by 5hour Energy.
The square with the girlfriend and the shawty
that moment when you haven't been on twitter in four days and then you log back in to find a tweet from
Aww thx novs!
You were quite impressive yourself : Fun time at !
back grindin.workin on this new beat,got it soundin incredible!
Hail state my ass ole miss will be back next year and will be better then ever
hells yeah!
I got that single swag too!
everbodys asleep and im up like a crack head
butler buzzer beater!
I need to clean out my purse like every other day 
Holy shit, is gonna be here..
I don't even care that they are opening
Stuck in line now.
I'll be sure to visit!
now idk what to do!
Happy bday to Martin Delany, born today in 1812!
Delany is considered by many to be among the 1st blk nationalist in the US
Stacy  it was great to meet you at dinner Sat and see you at DBC.
Let's stay in touch!
Global Phosphates Industry
Is anyone awake right now?!
Sensory overload!!!
I love me so 'Tip.
Glad it went well!
I hope you're flying high for days!
: you Know Yo Black ass One For Sure!
Well duh , my nigga ...
ima ride for yo crazy black ahh faasho !
I give up
That's amazing news!
Good for you!
Yes but I don't want to lose Saunders for a start in the process.
Need a spot start from someone and kills pen.
In New Orleans for the NACAC Conference!
Thanks, I'll look into it!
Its kinda my type.
They've all fallen into this same category xD
Toes in the water, ass in the sand,not a worry in the world...life is good today.
Love being alone w/
Head to Gallery 924 tonight to see work by Jan Martin  then swing by to see one of his pieces in Art from the Heartland.
OK, I'm going to bed now, night.
Looking at those made me cringe
Ever have one of those LONG debugging sessions where the enemy is yourself?
Just sayin'
Had a great night with Gray, Bella and my parents at the Squirrels game for Gray's fifth birthday bash.
It about time pandora you piece of shit
Lol hope I'm not streaky again tomorrow..
I feel really radical today!!!
im doing just a lil bored and shit and im sad
Would it then produce a 67 paragraph article to insert the necessary ad hominem?
been back home chilling, yourself?
was great singing the National Anthem last night!
Looking and sounding great!
What concerts are everyone looking forward to this summer?
Loading up the calendar!
We been getting good shots..just not making none
Online is more and more visual, use images  videos  dcswa professordev day
Identity theft is more than just financial.
People are getting medical procedures done in their names, crimes with stolen identities...
Sounds perfectly reasonable to me.
Just a reminder to everyone  The Studio Trainer is closed today and tomorrow, in light of our workshop this upcoming weekend!
Come on lob city
Before I go...
I love that one!
Love your collection!
The best way out is always through.
friday and i dont got shit to do
Welcome to the twitter world mama!
hell yes.
We are so cool!!
Confirmed: It is hot in DC today.
justin bieber!!!!!!!
:o ah lol he looks like a gurl wearing that!!!!
haha
This morning sun feels good.
Nice breeze out as well.
Blessed to see this beautiful morning
i hate when people think they know u .even friends.just bc u met met me in 08 doesnt mean im still in that space.catch up!
Will you be attending our Lorax Reading?
Today at 1PM!
We've got free movie passes to the first 20 kids at our Fremont Store
awesome, let me know whenever you upload some.
Hope you've been well :
bcuz ward 5 is 95 deems.
It wouldn't b the INTENTION the voters just the outcome.
Ya!
I LOVE you on ANT Farm!!
And your my favorite character!
:
hi guys, best friend ever chanced my cat G she was so unsocialble now she wont leave me alone !
xx lol xx
Cheers to the beginning of yet another week.
Great things in the works!
I need to get sum sleep, holla at me
Ugh!
I miss partying with you!
: 6/1 just moved on Sat too.
Stress level at an all time high yikes!
I hear ya pal!
6/1 will fly by too.
Enjoy
no ....SJ is at the relay walk in Indy and the Roux is at Byrd Food doing the food truck challenge
thanks man, I appreciate it!
YES.
WE CAN MAKE THEM DELIVER US CARROTS  MAKE THEM THINK WERE EVEN MORE PSYCHO BY FREAKING WHEN WE SEE A SPOON.
I'm hungry.
I could go for red lobster right now.
or outback.
maybe olive garden.
or a combination of the three :
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Happy Pearl Harbor Day.
Back to da basics.
Too many games like this led me to subscribe to MLB Extra Innings.
I'm a fan of , M's struggles won't lessen love of the game.
The only thing worse than wind blown hair is when that sneaky gust blows up your shirt exposing your pansa to everyone.
The manual is a reference, not a learning tool.
Nobody reads the manual
DESIGN A LOGO/TSHIRT FOR US AND WE MIGHT PAY YOU FOR IT
I'M GUD JUST KICKING BACK WATCHING LAW AN ORDER
Shooting soon?
15 off any RED postproduction services when you rent a ScarletX production package from the Picnic!
Call us today.
S/O 2 you hard at work!!!
in the House!
The doors just opened !
It's showtime at The Happennings!
i think got the hint when i told her she can't spell
I really hope decided to come with...
i don't like taveling with out my sister!
I'm not sure when ill grow up!
i might go, i don't know yet.
coconut sounds great!
We ate gelato nearly every day  I cringe to think what we'd look like if we stayed longer than those wks!
Hi Nathan.
I love you3
Reminiscing about childhood: I use to have a cassette Walkman as a kid, do cassette's even exist anymore?
I can do that.
Sorry for the delay.
I also sent an e mail.
Awesome turnout for Shyama's Open Studio!
I love the pasta bar.
Over an hour wait but sat right down.
Score!
Scanner apps: Genius Scan for iPhone is so very useful!
DescribeAnExOnlyUsingMovieTitles Orange County  because she is from there and she is 100 OC chick!
how many times are u guys eating at Olive Garden lol
doesnt love me cuz he wont follow me or RT this, but!
NEVER SAY NEVER!!!!
3
Eh, I answer to a higher authority
raw10 Bell, Ca had 6 to 7 digit payrolls 4 city Officials, the Public was pissed.
The Offs were Pirates, Tak All n Give n Give Nothing Back
We don't talk THAT much.
: Most dudes only good for their tongue 
It's been 30 hours since I did a class taught by  yoga and spin in between and I'm still sore.
Change requires sacrifice.
I wish today it would rain all day, maybe that'll kinda make the pain go away, trying to forgive you for abandoning me.
You're welcome :
You win!
, 2 outta 3 ain't bad.
PS  I saw SSV on Sunday at the MKE Chili Bowl.
EEK!
Super jealous of all those delicious plates!
I will come out soon!
are u at the fieldhouse?
u al ready no!
Powerful!
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Kurt Cobain
oh go cry to your mom
Working on this house track.
Eurostyle.
I wait til u get alot of friends on instagram so u dont notice me unfollowing your sucky pictures
Just saw that they were acquired and are no longer active : RT : oh keepstream looks good!
and a mounted deer heads, a little league team that screams V.I.P, doctorcleaning, truck doctorvers with fat boy shaved in their heads
Just heard play 's new song Fastest Town.
So good!
Love it.
also, for the fa cup final?
Brilliant cartoon, : They found another narco tunnel at the border.
bit.ly/tPzrkY
Wow, Miami Marlins logo looks horrendous.
Like a logo from a cruise ship stuck in the Bermuda Triangle since 1989.
When People Ask Me Common Sesne Questions  Please Just Go Sit Down  Think About What You Just Asked Me .
.
The whackness of the sound/staff/opener was the stuff of legend, but still played one of the best shows I've ever seen
OMG, too funny!!!
Miss tweeting good to be back .....gotta play catch up
Hello how are you?
Cute clutches!
I see you guys are checked in at Keller, too!
quoteoftheday Robyn: Life would suck if I cared...
Good thing I don't!
last night was crazy wild
We look forward to Lumen8Anacostia festivities tomorrow!!!!
Food  doctornk specials all day long!!!!!
You get the best out of others when you get the best out of yourself.
Harvey Firestone, tire executive
when somethings downloading mad quick then at 99 it takes FOREVER ugh
Almost 2,000 followers on Twitter!
To celebrate crossing 2K we will have a doctorwing where YOU  a FRIEND will win 1/2 OFF 1 month of classes!
Save me a foil swan.
It seems like school is always getting me sick.
good luck!
The Oscar's red carpet!
I will respond.
Yes, the challenge is for us to come up with assignments and tests that create an environment in which cheating won't help.
but im very sociable is that weird?
If we see what God sees, then maybe just maybe we will act like God acts!
Delano Johnson
Thank you.
Wishing you a blessed day.
follow before she commits!12
Hi Mike, cheers to a fellow Chaney!
Jeez.
Longest band concert, ever.
damn i have such a long ride
Believe it when we see it RT RT : Wow.
Breaking News: Brett Favre to tell Vikings he is staying retired.
Seeking Interns: Audio Editing and Marketing/Social Media for Studio and
Officer Sprinkle is getting pumped up for the CAPS
Fake smoke!
Filling an entire theater with fog so thick u cannot see....
Is awesome..
Playing with the windows in my car with
Oh, sorry I didn't see this in time to walk with you last night!
But you're in such good company!
It'll be fun.
We hope you're having a great birthday.
:
so fine
Bobanna's Pizzeria is offering 50 off on www.crowdclick.com!
Check it out!
I really like those shirts!
My brother wears them a lot too.
let me know when both of you gents want 2 grab coffee on me.
i think we could have some fun talking marketing strategy
They gave that foul to George WTF!
The refs just didn't want Hibbert to foul out !
Fixed RT : Jordan had a hangover Kobe had the shits thats why RT : Jordan played sick and won..
Fobe played sick and lost
Panera, church, lunch, graduation, then party time...all while trying to keep up with the Pacers game.
The day I've been waiting for is here
Not a fan of these Texas uniforms at all.
Totally thought they were the Angels
I wish.
It's some cheap Verdi.
I am not at my classiest.
I am so in a food coma.....gotta love Thanksgiving!
I hate when chapters in books are more than ten pages.
Reading STAAR tommorow!
Good luck to everyone!:
Doors are open for !
See you in the arena.
Maybe they're complimenting you?
TELL HIM IF HE SAYS ANYTHING I'LL RIP OF HIS TESTICLES WITH MY BARE HANDS
I lowkey wanna take my moms gift back...
Just saw the new commercial with Gamel and Aoki.
I love it!
Lol!
hung on rim today proud of myself
Thinking of a solution, think I found it.
u don't follow me back
what has matt's mom saying bout me?
I'm going to a party even though I'm tired PLEASE BE PROUD OF ME
: If a DJ does play your song you damn well better dance to it and that is the Gospel
: how'd that taste Courtney?
bachelor nevergetsold Ha!
Prodigy Is flawless 33 u boo
it's ok, we appreciate you trying!
no worries!
thank you!
EVEN HUGER CONGRATULATIONS!
I think between the two of those, you nailed it.
RT : reliability and speed?
his kisses taste like funfitti cupcakes ..just melt in my mouth
Enjoying some sun.
is loving spring break...keep tweeting, bitches!
Lol Detroit lions
remind her to be sure to hug the mountain; to envelope that mountain.
Heh.
WHAT other people?
RT Bah.
Why can't I just have a simple life like other people?
is up and at it, writing is my therapy!
the beauty within someone is the rarest thing around
For those interested, my friend of the Detroit News is live tweeting the WHLGBT conference in Detroit.
breakfast extends an olive branch and lunch says who me?!
with big puppy eyes
Big night tonight.
UFC on pay per view.
Milwaukee!
I want to know your favorite bar on North Ave.
Mine is Landfill..I mean Landmark.
3 bars
I'm a bad test taker oh you mean you're stupid?

do have anything about canovanas?
byte me that's how I feel right now
I'd even sell my own child to keep him.
And I don't even have a child.
Wait, is that better or worse?
;
eerp, can't DM until you follow me, or DM me your email!
Let's Move Monday!
Heat getting the best of you?
Why not take a trip to the beach, lake or pool for some Fun Wise Exercise in the water!
Finally joined the 21st century.
sent from my
Gotta love the impatience of some ppl!
The Hermit Thrush Sings is probably one of my favorite books.
Now for sweatpants and my Kindle.
:
I love this!
Very powerful words right here!
I wish a lot more people had this attitude toward life feel me.
Happy to see get some love on He does fantastic work.
He helped us when we did fire safety outreach earlier this yr.
Finally back on twitter!!!
: now I can support on twitter again.
WeLoveCody 3
That would be nice!
Thank you to my new followers!
: Welcome to my journey that I call life Please enjoy your ride.
:
Walking home 4.4 miles after a 15 k was a bad idea.
.7 miles to go
You still flying?
Someone told me, or I read you have a GA license.
Matriarch postsurgery update: 1 she will not.
Stop.
Talking.
2 she is now digging scrambled egg out of her IV tape.
the state :
my FB is napping.
i feel like twitter is less personal, just an extension of my teaching most times.
also, still stuck in web 1.0
this year is gonna be diff.cuz I'm not looking for friends w/benefits like I already got 8 alot I just wanna be with one areal relationship
Congrats Tommy..looks like a good film!
I'd climb the highest mountain, I'd sail the 7 seas, baby for you I'd do anything3
wow, exciting!
Can't wait to see the finished product!
The new menu looking good.
We are really excited to try some new dishes.
Is there anything you would like to see?
If I die young Bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song
sorry about my phone, its still shut off cause my dad turned it off but I'm bargaining to get it back
I got kentucky/missouri and syracuse/kansas in final 4 with kansas beating kentucky in the 'ship

thanks for the follow and your help!!
Little bit of mid day devils cut
Best spring break ever!
RT NOT THAT FAR FROM 90,O  GRANDerz THE SOON U WILL BE AT 10,O
the poor girl must be a head case with parents like u and kim bassinger
Tracey Ashley tonight!
Come enjoy free pizza and comedy.
CE450 AT 7:30PM.
We can do this .
Panthers still on the prowl
ill go with :
hello !
hope things have been well, and thanks for following :
: BREAKING: U.S.
military says last American troops have left Iraq as war ends JM  welcome home troops!!!
Come get a great Strip Club, made with beef!
Lunch daily 114, followed by Happy Hour 47
We're about to wrap up beyondearth  what was the most innovative thing you heard today?
No you're not!
I am!!
I'm addicted to SharkTank.
is genius.
I am great!
Besides the little bit of stress from finals, I am ready to get out of Indiana and move in 2 days!
Don't miss Let Me Out today at DIFF.
Magnolia at 4 PM.
Then it's My Way after that.
South Korean films rock.
Bonus points for 300 baud?
RT : Retweet this if you ever were on a BBS.
On a modem.
my ribs started hurting
ya 7aram i know when i knew about thati bumped into the glass door at home haha!!
Home opener at Wrigley, former Expos will lose.
strasburg  or not!
I'm already sweaty from moving boxes around the office in prep for the big relayforlife weekend.
It's not even 11 am.
my cat was sitting on my head xD
Thanks to all of our new followers!
Like us at www.fanmailshop.com  Happy Tweeting!!
votes trickling in...in Franklin Co it's now 1550 against, 1233 for Wville levy
hope that doesnt mean Votto or Phillips!
School starts tomorrow.
What was the best part of winter break?
thanks a ton!!
All of those manicures were by Miss New Mexico USA '11  Thanks for following back!!
:
Happy Easter young lady!
RT : Words only hurt when you allow yourself to believe them
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
S/O to friends in Alabama.
It's been a year since tornado tragedy struck Alabama.
Hope you guys fully recover soon.
nice YouTube video of Joseph, Dela.
OMG i forgot!
YES.
can't wait!!!
time to hear some angel music!
aww you havent heard from her, yet?
I miss her too.
We used to talk when I had free time from rehersals.
I cried when I watched the movie Hatchi............
let me have sum shots I could use some right now haha
When I'm anxious it's because I'm living in the future.
When I'm depressed it's because I'm living in the past.
Unknown
when I was in 5th grade I,sounded just like JT.
Can't decide If my allergies are bad or if I have a cold...
Hm
: Louisville will copy UConn's 2011 run: Win the NCAA championship along w/ the Big East...
TRUE or FALSE?
Hahahahahahahaha
Stop by our website www.clearportboutique.com
That is very cool!
I love return customers:
cant wait to see ricky matrin :
if Dennis loses ya think we could get him as a guest ?
Lets trend DerekBieber!
Leggo Fans!
Ahaa You Gotta love your fans!
has reduced the degrees of separation from 6 to 4!
2 auditions today  TO GOD BE THE GLORY!!
Ices Brown trying to sing Say Goodbye  Shoot Me now!
So exhausted from today's photoshoot with TalSheyn and time for dinner n a movie!
Good Question: What Are The Numbers In The ZIP Code?
CBS Local
Is it sad that the first thing I thought of when I saw the fire truck pull up outside my apartment was, Shit!
I better put a bra on
Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.
Hippocrates
MITT ROMNEY WINS !!!!
Every night this week I walk down Pine past paramount thinking next week I get more Seattleitized Seeing Sun.
Not so much...
Maybe Grown Ups 2 will be good now that Taylor Lautner has been cast in it
use Tweetbot.
Wonderful app
got some major shit cookin Lil Bruh been on that.
Then hit Em up side the head wit Hella shit.
I still need that song from u tho
They can't stand I am 1 in a pool and soon to be down.
Too much fun!
thank you for the follow back
Hi.
I am newbie.
I came across the Mike's site and was at first intimidated by the TDD.
Followed along.
Now I understand
as a person or ambassador of the game Tebow is awesome.
NFL qb...
Not so much.
Writing tip from CTfictionfest : Use dictation softwaremove ahead with no editing along the way

Thank you for the RT.
We were so sad to hear the Salvation Army was 1,300 toys short this year.
Hoping to hear an update.
HEY IM NOT UR GORGEOUS SMILE BUT I AM A KID AND UR BREAKIN MY HEART SO PLEASE REPLY ?
THANKS ANYWAYS :
Follow back 3 i love you you are so hot
NOT happy with changes to delicious.
Way I use tags not supported.
Honestly, I just want to save sites for myself, not visually for others
My family always gets into car wrecks whenever I'm home.
Taylor Gang or don't retweet this!!!
It's amazing how much I missed watching the Yankees pregame show.
EARN YOUR COOKIES!!!!!
Come on Lady.
A few more boxes and those cookies are going nowhere!!
Of course, they all make money.
I can't argue the ladies that are fans.
I'll look at any Scarlett Johansson flick.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you lovely moms out there!
3 3 3
doctorw Carey once worked at a Denny's.
doctorw the Nike logo.
Now, doctorw the Apple logo.
Finally, doctorw your logo.
Did it get difficult towards the end?
A macro written by to keep him company .
Healthcare system absolutely is broken.
Healthcare is too expensive, per Chris Van Gorder, CEO of Scripps Health System.
Libras rule, too!
I have totally run out of ideas for my blog.
Just went south...
Someone please give my ideas...
Tired of writing about me.
have to confirm a work dinner is cancelled, but probably!
How's it going out there, what have you booked so far?
Aye Aye!
: Have a fab weekend!
This weekend..maybe
systematically destroying everything in the house with the cone.
vengeance 4 leaving the cone on scraps' head!
Boring day in math once again.
lol....it's great to talk to u bro!!
Ozzie Smith
RT : Fact: To be an Oriole fan is to be a masochist
Come hear President of American Council of Trustees and Alumni talk about its Report on Virginia higher ed, March 14 pm, Great Hall, Wren
Note to self: rewrite lame Crew96 Wikipedia page that describes lame cannuck team as 'rivals.'
Ah..
Stay thirsty my friends.
Hm black iPhone or white iPhone??
that is the question.....help!
do blackboards count as media?
Real nigga say word he aint nevva told no lie:
LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the thoughts of autumn, football, and the fulfillment of God's promises....Blessings my friends....
:
I love you too :
Who was the guy who homered in his Royals debut.
Late 90s, I think.
Mark Quinn?
Please follow the new site for video games.
It's called
Doesn't mean i'm lonley when i'm alone.
Out on lake Travis for a photography day.
:
D'aww!
That's adorable...even if he is watching my 'competition.' ; Do you still work at Sears?
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten
The More cupcake mobile is on the LUC campus distributing free delicious cupcakes by CFSU!
: Ron Paul says he may not support his rivals for the GOP nomination, saying they represent the 'status quo':
Why is the doctorke  Josh theme song so good!?
happy mothers day
heck yea c'mon let's do a duet, we'll be the talk of the town as well as the topic of discussion uh huh yes we will be
YO WHERE MY COPY OF SNAPPASSIPPI??
WE CAN DO AN EVEN EXCHANGE MY SUBSTANCE ABUSE FOR UR TAPE..LOL
orchestra members: due to the snow pso rehearsal has been canceled.
please stay safe!
Wii Just Dance Break  Awesome Super Fun Time
Fred Richardson is headed to Oregon.
Altman and Company are ALL OVER Houston.
I like the pick up...and happy for Fred
Every night is the same shit.
I'm happy cheerful almost all day.
But when it comes to bed time I always think of what I'm trying to forget
Hi there..
maybe its time for a new hitting coach with a different philosophy
Much better, thanks!
What are you up to today?
My teenager leaves car unlocked.
Teen has purse stolen.
Teen doesn't want to pay for new license.
Went through license check.
Priceless!
So dont trash LeBron, haters  RT : Since 07 playoffsKobe is 07 in game winning or game tying shots w under 10 seconds left.
whats good put me on the cover
I miss my twitter folks!!!!
What y'all been up to?
It's hard to meet ppl here.
It's been a good while since I've been on a school bus.
Thanks Rob!
thanks for the follow gale!
That is a poignant chapter title.
But, I am concerned for your stomach later tonight.
Then let's be lazy together!
About to go to town at Soup Plantation.
Not stopping until they issue a cease and desist order.
figuring out what my graph tag is gonna be, also what a dope stencil would be...
Still reveling in Chelsea's win.
Down one man, no Center back, Torres scores, Messi misses a PK.
What a game!
I'm watching the American Guy episode where the Rolling Stones save Easter
I Love you more than anything 3
All I can think about today is food!
He Sends An Autograph : LabRats Autograph Of Him!
I think I need to start using this more!?
LMFAO Green apples are the best :3
Countdown to DesignBizChat  get your coffee/tea all brewed up and ready to go  5 minutes and we're talking COLLABORATION!!
That was a sick take by LBJ.
: 33 is my adult year.
That's when Jesus died.
sorry to confuse.I meant send actual email w/the question.
Answer Too long to tweet.
email:
When Norris Cole trends more than Dwayne Wade  LeBron James something is going wrong but fuck it
ICC actions an 'inescapable element of the political process as Kenya heads to elections', via the Intl Crisis Group
Heartbeat by Childish Gambino 
u ok?
this girl is sleepy :
now you're making me blush...
;
Thanksgiving Dental Tip: Crack nuts with a nutcracker, not your teeth
tell me about it!
Miss you more booboo3
: Thx for the kind words!
Nuthin' to see here.
Headed home w/ and headed to bed.
Prayin' for my Uncle Adam.
He has appendicitis.
and is gonna have surgery.
:
RT : .
Congrats on dccodeathon!
Sounds like a really powerful event for gov20 and
omg what happened?
I hope you feel better REAL soon
DM me the acct tel  or modem HFC MAC.
I'll take a look
Thanks for the great post Leah!
Kid Rock is such a great name.
Was he really the first person who thought of that?
Genius that boggles the mind....
I hear you.
I'd like to get out to a SocialMedia meetup.
It's been months.
One tomorrow at Label 7.
LMK if you might swing by.
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom.
dancin in the tailgate in the full moon.
that kinda thing makes a man go m m
Live poetry readings at Strand Theatre in Shelbyville near Indy.
free Bring your best poems 10/12  7 PM Please RT!
It's been awhile
What do big kids do?
GO POOOTTTY!
:D LOLOLOLOLOL
She wants the one person that she can never get over.
Magnifico at Otherside.
I'm going to require one of these glasses!
ha!
Totally.
examples of DH tools then?
Curious what matches your definition?
your out of town guests were doctorw and jess dude, we have names.
lol....hit me up about fantasy dude, so glad we saw you
How to Buy a Router
Warning: this could go viral.
Somedays i just dont know what to do.
Running low on your Media Tape supply?
Call for pricing on all OEM  Compatible Storage Media  qualify for FREE Shipping in Jan 2012!
Portrait or landscape is not just a throw away question!
Yum...
RT : delicious!
Mine are oatmeal peanut butter:
Don't really know how to handle this anymore...
get me to preform places,get me in the studio,go to meet and greets,and to get interviews on the radio a lot of stuff
and we love you Amanda.
Brand New
I hate bots.
How long have u been writing?
Ur blogs are funny.
you're not trying to hit el torito in marina del Rey though :
Hey Gordon
Single and mingling 
Two more Secret Service agents resign over Colombia scandal
RITBrickCity Book your flights  plan your roadtrips!
Weekend schedule now available .
Come and see us in October!
It's better to know a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Teen: Do any of you like Twilight?
I am a feminist.
thank you babe.
Love you!
how was it?!
Thanks for coming in!!
Congrats to on being asked to write an original song for an upcoming Screen Play.
Details to be announced...
haha.
Such a mess ;P
That would be amazing!
We've got our team working on it now ;
I just wanna die :/
i wonder what i did or maybe he just realized that he made a mistake talking to me and not her..
Nice.
Maybe you'll be the O's good luck charm this season?
: We'll follow up next week.
Ive heard from experienced judges that even if it slightly off style but its its got that intangible quality, might not matter
Expect failure, plan for success.
1000ways2die doctorve in a car and have a wasp fly in it and crash it cuz u fightn to not get stung.
RT : look at my last tweet they are directed towards you guys!
respect yall
new season, new fashion.
are you ready?
I'm fine with you being mean on TT, but being mean on Twitter isn't necessary.
Happy Holidays!
Thanks Doc Please rate your hospital and help other patients find out what patients feel is important!
oh God, he enters Darfur!
But, as a result, we get the great Palin waffle and ball doctorp!
Real embarassing lol so what you doing?
Successful day today 
Thanks for following.
Is it Kacey or Kaci?
Art of Fielding is so fabulous!
That is another huge win for the Big Ten.
We're on a bit of a roll.
When your mind is attuned to Spirit, you see the world from a higher perspective.
I live in Louisville and had to watch the whole Tennessee game too.
ESPN blows!
Tommy Thompson tells Republicans in speech seeking endorsement we will stop apologizing for being Americans.
Beautiful, beautiful Sunday!
Good morning to you!
:
Hahaha Too cute indeed.
lol : Have a great night.
:D
Preview: Sheanomenon takes permanent role in central defense as and FC Dallas try to break extended winless streaks.
Happy Easter Thais!
Off to a good start!
Let's keep it rolling.
Go bucks
do you actually know what a maverick is??
lol
HOYA SAXA !
everyone.
What a beautiful day it is !
he's gonna be depressed for life..
Hope Milwaukee Common Council gets its act togetherdoes what it can 2breathe new life in2 our great city
WeAllHaveTried To look extra sharp for that date, turns out you forgot the hair sticking up in the back.
RT with your funneist date story
Thank you for supporting We loved your banana cream pies!
ha ha...they'll show ya how ta kill a bear with your bare hands.
We'll have to wait to see if Jordis survives.
Shelton will eliminate one of his four team members at the end of tonight's
Kennedy Center Honors: YoYo Ma, Here Comes The Sun: Genius!
def need another weekend!!
staff recalled from meeting by Getty CEO Jim Cuno for announcement today about Getty layoffs and restructuring
Will, if it's your birthday, have one on us.
Andoctorw's buying.
Wanted: outdoor Milwaukee wedding pics!
Anybody want to share?
The results are penetrating and sophisticated and provide a highly advanced tool for understanding people and improving their
Um...go to class...Project X will be waiting for you.
I want to see it too.
Looks like other trying 2 railroad t/ redistricting process left early.
Didnt like what San Diegans had 2 say?
and I want a pet snake
Okay???
Confused!
RT : Thank you, mister President, for standing up for equality.
Yours Truly, Peewee HermanClooney.
i have seen it already and no kenton isnt : :
fluff your resume?
you may get canned like yahoo CEO or you just may be a ceo
Group of Dallas fans gave Phil a standing ovation as he left the arena.
Very classy!!!
John T Marohn I think the impact of the arts has been underestimated as a positive economic force in US
Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls is a great FF !!
RT : check it out, Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls is tweeting
Gotta love stupid ignorant people.
Many viruses, from the mumps virus to Hendoctor, jumped from bats to humans according to a new study
Tasha from Atlanta says Boy its packed in here...
I survived my oldest son, now I have a son and a daughter both at the same time.
No wonder I'm going gray lol
I wasted so much time...
Woah o woahhh listen to the music
thank you for FF !
I have been a bit MIA with homework, I need to get out to some museums now!
Just to clarify, there will not be Bollywood dancing at our show next week.
But there will be other dancing.
And that's a surprise.
The only reason I said they suck is because, well, they do...if you said that about the o's past 14 years I wouldn't argue it
working hard and getting fit....
what's to complain about ;
Tribe holds the Jays scoreless through three innings with Ubaldo Jimenez on the mound
every doctorwing that i doctorw was never, ever as cute as you
Great WTE weekend!
Powerful moments throughout.
Really proud of LD's leadership  sacrifice.
Developed great respect for SD partners.
Tired.
Sub in reading workshop, it's too quiet.
My assignment is the best story ever3
RT : Beware of TV.
It has the power to turn things like storage, parking and cupcakes into wars.
Lost rules.
Gng to magi kingdom today

I give credit when due..!
you shouldn't have ever told her about your little friend.
Now following Follow back :
UGH, I cannot wait for high school.
I can't wait to be old enough for a job.
I'm getting three, okay?
RT : Curtis Ravenel: Companies who are sustainable outperform.
The challenge is to continue to deliver high quality data...
ha!
very fun for hudson!
hahaha kind of.
You replied to me and Beto meet my sister!
Hahahaha.
Does anybody know if there is a mechanism other than recall to get the accused Sweetwater board members off the board?
11:11!!
My wish is to hope that 's day was perfect:
Hard Rock Hotel amp; Casino Albuquerque Chooses Avigilon HighDefinition Surveillance System for Unsurpassed Image Quality
Bill would authorize pilots at GrossmontCuyamaca Community College District and the San Mateo County Community College District
This guy is really good at singing!
got the same email lol
!!!
: Don't throw away your clothes, donate them instead.
There's always someone else in need
He's also on twitter
Getting ready to watch win.
Or else.
have u seen the hbo show girls?
its a show about rich white girls.
really, thats all its about....
popular as hell.
hi my name is sarah rideout and im an aspiring designer and i am also a equestrian jumper.
backstreet boys?
They were my favorite back in the day!
Im like wow..
you can do it...
that was my thoughts lol
Out to dinner for mothers day 
At Baltimore bookfestival take a minute to visit Peabody Library, on my list of The Seven Wonders of Baltimore.
Always stunning.
damn that's so 1908
Don't let someone intimidating bring you down.
Face your fear and do whats right, not just for you but for what you believe in.
Bottom line: If your are paid 15 million per year, eat tacos at the Mission and that's what gonna make you a real winner.
maybe its my piercings, or the way i doctorss...
people shouldnt judge...
thats RUDE
But tell me why so sudden.......
I hope my daughter  I have the relationship my mom  I do.
My moms the best mom ever, flaws  al!
Thanks for the donation to summer camps!
A great, healthy beverage for our kids.
Bottoms up!
Im not slurring my words, im talking in cursive
I don't flirt I'm nice
Looking forward to the future.
Great things are coming!
Having fun with our peeps at snagajob today, refreshing their leader program to deliver in July!
Life isn't always sunshine and butterflies.
Sometimes you got to learn to smile through the pain.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship  never.
Charles Caleb Colton
plz don't send me that shit '
ugh work silly people
it would mean the world to me if you wished me a happy birthday!: please?
i went from 189 2 195 u guys r angels thank u for followin me love u ALL
Cloud is fueling innovation for the marketplace.
It has allowed to be extraordinary with customer service.
What has it done...
totally up for flip the cup again!
Need ear plugs for the neighbor
omg omg omg I know I can't wait!!!!!
BICT is my life  I'm glad they're gonna start filming soon, I didn't know that!
IM SO HAPPY!!!
July 26th is my day MB is coming!!
Oh you're a senior, so you can treat under classmen like shit?
No fuck you.
RT : Tonight is Taco Night at the mix!!
cc
I BEEN CRAZY WHAT YOU AINT GET THE MEMO.LOL
Last day in SoCal : gotta get a little bit of a tan!
Before I go back to nasty nati
Fatkids are harder to kidnap.
that shrimp was so good...make sure you practice your belly dance moves for the next time we hit the Bronx LOL
Will be modeling on Sunday.
Don't laugh...
it's true...
watch out Tyra Banks you could be looking at the next ANTM!
Want to work on my web.
Comcast Internet down.
3rd time this week
It's ridiculous how many likes/comments any generic study abroad status gets
RT : RT : The official STELLAService Holiday Video:...
confession  I just stole a case of water bottles.
Some dumbass left it in there shopping cart outisde.
It was paid for and everything .
PCA steve is like a nerdy funny
gonna be a 7 day party!
Got hit right under his left eye from teammate mcgee.
Cut it open and black eye is forming RT : Brewer heading to lockeroom
Unable to think of a mainstream downfall tweet.
We are working with women who may have never had a day when they looked into the mirror and felt good about themselves.
G Lerner, ED, WPA
notified that one of images Storm Catcher is on the cover of the new Art of Seeing which will be distributed in the next couple weeks.
its only right.
Fluffy bunnies doctorving in the pool..
So the nifty new camera button on the lock screen in iPhone's iOS5 flipped on in my pocket and doctorined my battery down to 7!
Thanks for the RTs
I don't even use my twitter, but I had to see The Super Bean for myself...hahaha
free starbucks, a quiet library and a beautiful day....love it.
so damn lucky
my 1k tweet goes out to my awesome friends!
fourwordsaftersex Justin Bieber was better
no.it won't mam
Austin from Project Runway 
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up
Going to have so much fun today :D
botta boom baby
Walmart loves Cinco de mayo 24 million dollars to Mexico cut associates wages.
Please follow RT
I hope there's chocolate.
And Doritos!
like when you're having an orgasm
Bodemeister is the LBJ of horse racing
Thanks for connecting.
May libertarianism and liberty rule!
2/3 of those who get out are usually back in 3 years...
so the Society of captainves keeps growing...
at our expense!
hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E July forth
Hope is what you make of it.
Fear is what it makes of you
I want to give a shout out to my new followers , , thankz for following me
And don't get me wrong, I love  but everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
No double standards people!!
I benched 365 lbs today using only a slingshot.
That thing is amazing!
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go..3
And he put the thing in his mouth!
Rural areas, I would guess?
Life will hand you disappointment, but it's not okay to be discouraged.
speaker in my brother's ward
To join our Music Pool for DJs, get free artist promotion, or mix placement rotation: Follow  Tweet for consideration
RT : Designing resilient systems will support our quest for sustainability J.
Fiksel bit.ly/phbLXI
if we win the 2nd half by 7, it won't even be a moral victory for Lville.
LIFE IS FOR LIVING.
: LIFE is young.
Always.
eh, so today sucks so far./: but at least i'm starting to feel better..
of course panera
You know it's been a long semester when you title a file of notes A rotting corpse for the raven of thought to pick clean.docx
prince favorite color is green and black roc favorite color is blue ray favorite color is purple prod fav.
Color is red
talked with someone from CMPD about my property damage.
Said they gave the guy a ride home and downplayed your 911 call.
We r just jealous!
And the fifth act for RockTheGarden is the Hold Steady.
Need To Hit Atlanta Dis Weekend
thanks, will do
favmoviequote: Blue horseshoe loves andecott steel' Wall Street...
oh my lord!
That poor pup.
Just when I get bummed by how mean people are, others restore my faith!
We're here at  artistsandfleas selling the last of our original, stop by and pick up a shirt.
That's really funny.
You're right, we even structured the posts similarly.
Watching classic Bulls game said to my 8 year old niece Look it's Michael Jordan she said who in the world is Michael Jordan?
WTF?!
How did poor women survive civilwar?
Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan Amazon/Kindle 2.99 Whores in camp, Hooker in charge.
Kony 2012 poster are all over My school........
how much would he charged ..
on a nother note Kevin needs to get laid
Justin called us sexy WHOOOOHOO lol: love you Justin
TOMORROW The doctorad Weather, Heat Wavves, Phew Andoctorws 9.
Cool off with a refreshing Cranhammer Enema!
Oh!
Ah
all clear.
Another mystery.
for sure man, actually sounds like we have a lot to catchup on.
been a while.
let's connect via email tomorrow, find a time
man it must be nice to be Johnathan Duhamel.
Aw.
What are you wearing?
yerpp : i got it back this morning!
I just got my ipod back:p
It says a lot about the state of my life that I REALLY want this to be a fullfledged cold so I can take a day off.
:/
Go Giants!
Great game.
Fun Stuff.
Dinner was amazing!
Whew.
Feeling fat now.
Omg i'm sleepy.
Someone come cuddle with me.
Good Morning World.....Today is another Foreverfly day
Enjoy your day everyone!
Make it TERRIFIC!
Casey Anthony was released not too long ago!
Lol she finna go get fucked up forreal!
Awww we love !
Follow her!
My Niskayuna friends who went to are no doubt going insane over their first ECAC Division I hockey championship.
Congrats!
LSUUA LSUBAMA The debate is finally over.
Les Miles OWNS Nick Saban and LSU OWNS Alabama.
Period!
I love seeing Joakim Noahs face go from pure joy to pure agony in a matter of seconds.
You can always celebrate next year
Happiest of sunny weeks!
We're going crazy with vitamin D overload :
some of the most uncomfortable times build the place you'll find strength and rest for the bigger purpose you're walking into.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
Is this fiction?
OMG its 7:11 ?!?!!
I've been in the library FOREVER!
In the College Basketball Invitational, Butler, on the strength of 2 TD's and a FG, holds a 2017 halftime lead over Penn
I almost f this bish up at 5 in the morning
Gotta keep up on these things Resmini...this industry is nutballs.
Is there a Nutella addiction recovery support group out there??
gotcha.
If nothing else come to the roots  de la soul day...
priorities ; should be fun!
we'll have to meet up if you make it!
make that 'crust'
Facebook is lame.
Tha night is young, gon b a long night..
Miss this girl!
Amazing photographer, check her out.
Getting my hair cut at 1 in Gallery Pl.
If I leave now, do you think I'd make it in time?
That's called good librarianship RT : Someone calls for some info  you don't know, how about sending contact for those who do?
work him over and head to Noodles!
HowToMakeItInAmerica Refurbish furniture and interior spaces.
awh.
that's my whole life lol.
It was 81 degrees here today.
And they're talking about possible :::snow::: here on Friday night.
WTH?
Rollin with the hommies for life.
: Todays Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Enjoying my first day off in two weeks...feels great!
Oh no you didnt!
hahah HaveAGreatSunday RT : you should feel comfortable with that as a WWE fan.
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to reading Endangered.
Are you consulting with any bonobo groups?
Thanks for the RT!
Blank stare
So excited for the weekend!!
, come visit all of the sexy VIP hosts!
Finally stopped the stress  treated myself to lunch.
Pan seared cod, cherry tomato balsamic redux, roasted beets...
Should the Ravens go after Upshaw or Konz in the 2nd round?
Omw to work sick as hell :
I hate teachers in hyde park
it's your bakery c;
LMK next time your in SoFla!
I know all the best yogurt spots.
For the first time, a space shuttle landed in New York City.
New York Times
Congratulations for being named best law firm by U.S.
News  World Report in corporate and
I'm at Fremont Coffee Company.
OMVG!!!!
They have a new HarryPotter Shirt....i'm definitaly gonna buy it...TeamHarryPotter 3
ya a guest for next weeks show.
Message me your 
to the future
PSA would like a chicago show July 18th any leads?
You are so damn fine.
God.
well wat phone number do u have..cuz clearly I always text back lol
I cannot stop listening to Doctor Stalker by HAVE AN ADDICTION!
NP Club Paradise  doctorke
they have been going hard at each other the past 2 days it made tmz
I am never going to not regret that Paul saw the SNL sketch last night with Will Ferrell sneezing loudly.
Awhh thank you so much!!
Love you:
just thunderstorms that were pretty nasty it's letting up a little
I'm addicted to tiny tower
Hey lady!
handles Guest DJ duties now.
Email him at
CBs CBs CBs!!!
howtomakeablackmommad say what when she's talkin to you
you do life will that much easier lol
Nerd style of flirting: I wish I could select all of your clothes and press delete.
How about a company where you can sell hats to dogs
Blazers kicked off the preseason with a win last night.
Go Ptown!
Awesome!
and I'd like to see Carwin win!
these girls were tweeting disrespectful things about my brother
The Reverend Al Green currently Laying It Down soothing me into my Friday night shift.
Blessed
The countdown to the yard sale has begun.....
Gotta run!
Thanks everyone for the great chat today!
Teeny's new experience Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!:
Watched Stranger Than Fiction for the third time in 2 days.
I can't stop!
SCORM looses it's perch as most 1337 module  had to happen someday :
no Im still looking around I keep you posted
Good luck!Really like what you are doing, keep up great work!
wow is it empty in here!
of course!
It's catty btches timee!!
I dont care that you love me just suck my fat dick mother fucker
Thanks for following.
I hope you are doing well.
Such a gift of life we have been given.
Blessings.
How to hate music is linked to a lack of civility because it damages the freedom of others.
Wow Philly got that W??
final presentation
1 MHILF: the mark huntsman story
This is gonna be so stupid.
I wish cheer would start now!
soexcited!
lets go out Friday.
Kels n i are boring and need a night out.
Crap I picked Detroit.
No way three 15 seeds win in one night
RT: : got a oneway ticket to Colorado Springs!
Today was a really good day ,mince the fact I got suspended it was really good :D
Chapter 2012 Page 133 of 366 Super blessed to have a mom who is alive  extremely well...oh and feisty!
Consistency is key.
Anyone can think of a million reasons not to do something, few can muster up the strength to do it.
Hubby's bday is tomorrow!
Finalizing all the plans:
Well come over and cook for us!
AMovieToDescribeMyEx Star Wars Episode I: Revenge of the Sith
what bathing suit company needs a fresh idea?
one that would make people need to have their suit?
i have an idea that is explosive.
1612
i suddenly got hungry....
: , iguess im in the house for today  macc an listen to music allday .
it's the head bangers!
They get you hooked
Making very productive moves in VA!
Also how are these people not dead yet?
Shot, jumped out a window and blown up in a car?
That's a lot for a night
some good bands got in this year.
Some GREAT bands didn't ;
We got booze.
Girls.
Booze.
And girls
Penny, again I read it and felt evil, misfortune, corruption, and disaster
I forgot how angelic 's voice is.
:
In just about 24hrs The Rob Michaels Band will be rockin' the ....
will you be there???
It's a guaranteed amazing time!
I think im going deft kuz i have trouble hearin:
Sat down for 4 hours trying to study for science...
Frenchman Etienne Lenoir patented the 1st practical gas engine in Paris1860  doctorve a car based on the design from ParisJoinville in 1862.
: What this country needs is a good fivecent cigar.
Thomas R.
Marshall, quoting Kin Hubbard, both buried at Crown Hill.
Sorry, I was thinking quantity, not quality.
RT America at its finest
What does a salt expert recommend for everyday cooking?
sel gris or sea salt.
Lots of minerals, not lots of processing says
In a pedicab in Austin, crossing the river.
Honestly a little awkward.
thanks for following : I'm now following :
Chicago Cubs 2012 Cooperstown Dugout TShirt
Families of Incarcerated Individuals will be hosting an Exoffenders Education Training Workshop March 28,2012 Benjaminhook Library 11am
I could really use some advice ....
what u talkin bout
good joke
who else was left at TE with Gonzales?
Sometimes, just getting that small movement ahead with your goals is enough to propel your motivation on the others.
Lots of potential
Thanks man
Thanks for sharing R info.
Keep your dukes up!
LINUX MINT Y U NO SHIP PHP??
call me.
I love that Ugly Part of Me video lol
Last nite: WOW to the nth power.
Exponentially 'da bomb' Makes me proud to be a Wash Hts Native;o
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances.
When I got up before Adam this morning, I was unknowingly whistling per usual.
And then he grumbled, Red Solo Cup...
Really?!
Sorry, babe!
back on the grind today to play the 5k Chinese event!
already got a workout and swim out of the way with, feelin' good!
3/30/12 DubbSpin invades Little Rock!
Live  The Cornerstone Pub  Grill!
Have they been successful?
What types of ads have you tired?
It's Participate correctly please.
On my way to Muskingum Co as well now...
Annual Rugby Banquet is Dec 3 at the Scottish Masonic Center.
90/couple due by Fri.
will be collecting 
: walking is for pussies.
fuk u !
Ur a pussy!
Say it to my face!!!
Damn!
I left my chips at work...
Bye bye, Kyle Williams
he didn't even win the whc!
Fastest growing segment of gamers is middle aged women
Woods and Jimenez should be interesting to watch!
Watching The Goblet of Fire  can't wait till Thursday at midnight!!
Attended GBTC Technite last night.
Great crowd.
Congrats on great night  good luck on new mission.
too bad you ain't by me.
I can make you forget him quick lmao
yeah.
I preordered my copy on Amazon.
It hasn't shipped yet, though.
rangers are 88 vs teams who are .500 or better.
Americas Largest Country Music Talent Search, The 31st Annual Texaco Country Showdown, Arrives At Camel Rock Casino ...
Stalking is a strong word, I like to look at it as intense research on an individual
excellent, feel inclined to share!
About an hour to go for this SaturdayLibrarian.
I have crossed nothing off my to do list yet, but I'm ok with it.
Follow us n well definitely FB n give a s/o
Officially on Easter break and chilling hard
Goodnight everyone; haha
miss you :
On the boat from Canada with one thought on my mind....
Beat the 100 person old people tour group to customs
Rock on ...
congrats on the
Oh just at cheer pratice!:
I want sum sonic
I.
Must.
Resist.
Following.
Any.
Kardashian.
Twitter, quit tempting me with the Follow suggestions.
The are 92 and the are 48.
I feel like I'm in Bizarro world.
Is there a problem with the website?
RT Tickets for the Kenny Chesney and Tim McGraw concert at Target Field are on sale now!
Watching Jackie Chans Who Am I
Need six more CILDC tweets to cross 5000.
Well, 5 more now counting this one.
Besides , what other startups are awesome enough to push ToS commits to github?
This is how it should be done.
cc
4th July 1862, Lincoln inspected troops at Hooker's Roland Mill Camp.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon Kindle
Wowyou got some GREAT pictures here!
Thanks for the kind words...and for sharing!
Bridgestone that was funny lol
It's the little things.
:
Loving the sleek  crafty look of the site.
Women belong in the house...
and the Senate.
Unknown
wats kony and why is it bad
i love
We're back!
And Wondering whether or not Obama's being on vacation in Martha's Vineyard right now is sending the right political message?
i hate when people reply like 2585395 minutes laterr, like What's the point?
.
Glad to know that your sexism watch applies to two individuals total.
U CAN EXPECT A RAPPER TO FUCK YOU UP BUT I KNOW SOME DJ'S  A COUPLE OF RB SINGERS THAT WILL BEAT DA SHIT OUTTA U2
Oh shit...
Sonic.
what should I get??
Quick
wish I was coming home from Miami a day earlier.
Enjoy Colorado and thanks for your service!
OMG!
Jelena is over?!
OH YEAH I AM!!!!
hahha 3
Good Monday Morning!
Did everyone remember to call Mom yesterday?
Normal looking girl.
She's cute seems well liked.
But then she opens her mouth and becomes ugly.
I let the wrong ppl out of my life
What does it take for you to follow me back?
:
remember the jonas brothers show?
i miss it.
it just has not been my past.couple of days!
Who's this amazing group one direction
I like how you are with me and our future history.
Just woke up from a doctoram about him.
Damn, it was only a doctoram?
:/ not cool.
It sounds worse than it is.
Lol
Interview tomorrow with the Adidas Group.
I feel I will do well!
That's because you're all about the content.
Gotta respect that.
1st game tonight!
Wow!!
Aoki in the park home run!!!!
Praying for God to do the extraordinary in the lives of our students at LR Knoxville this weekend.
Jeez.
One lil compliment.
Hahah.
Murph!!
Hey sexy sassy
I think I missed much of the open access argument.
I caught a heavy anti push near the end of presentations.
It really makes me sad that every time i come to the infectious disease clinic the majority of ppl here are HIV gay males.
doctorss is nice.
Hair is frumpy.
At the Mat Kearney concert with my wife.
I wonder what life would be like if I was a thug....
Look lovely, Andoctora!
Have an awesome day.
:
yes and 78
we got so lucky 3 : The amazing news gave me 
I'm deff jealous of how pretty you are!!
:
Happy Friday the 13th!
Reliable sources indicate that reading a book reduces bad luck by as much as 55.
I'm not Haitian but I know all about that bannann peze and grio!
This can be new beginnings for your career!
Yippee!
Wish I could see it but I have to work!
My baby is growing up.
I took both the blue and the red pills 
Yeah!
Lol.
Andoctorw will NOTICE YOU!!
:D
twitter is my free shrink
Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that doctorgons exist, but because they tell us that doctorgons can be beaten.
Watching fat people eat fastfood is a unique form of torture
Mowing the backyard in the swimsuit lol
What's your favorite cheese steak joint?
/pmhesse Thank you for the great tweets All City.
you are wise.
:
5mins after I entered this HOUSE BACKPAIN u have to see the implications Belinda Jackson
I didn't know people still wear overalls...
especially when they're in the middle of Chicago and very obviously not farmers.
JT: Do mommy mosquitos suck blood and bring it back to their babies?
Why isn't the sun on earth?
Is the moon underground?
yea i know right but hope is the word but how u been besides the music
making his comeback at Tin roof tonight.
Can he handle it?
RT I'm head over heels for you, what the hell am I suppose to do.
No problem.
Thanks for the follow Tony.
So today was the last day of this so called winter
that is only a fact sometimes
so true!
You are what you habitually do.
And it's a plan!

I'm looking for a woman who likes an extremely large bindle.
Just let us know or just show up!
This is definitely a more the merrier event.
It's a crowd source experiment.
:
Just testing
yes please!
pick a night next week!
Dear Austin, I fell in love with you in 2011.
I'll stay by your side in 2012.
I promise I won't leave you in 2013.
I'll marry you in 2014.
I was just on the radio!
Just came 1st place in the 1st annual Student Teacher at the Conga Club !!.
Un abrazo guys ...
My hair has been very short since I was in high school.
Never could stand to style it or mess with it.
Haters gonna have to keep hating.
I do what I need to do everyday.
I worry about my life so worry about yours.
If the rims on your car cost more then your car
Heaven must be like this...
Lil bro is in chi town playing bball on tv yea!!!
We do too!
We'll be this afternoon if you'd like to give ours a try!
the round blue fox waslked past the boring dog.
Best of luck to all athletes competing today, remember  Its not who you play, its how you play  who you are.
me  made Cheer club :D
Thanks for getting back to me!
I was referring to the ones on your YouTube page, specifically the firework safety one.
Rain got me sleepy goin back to bed 
thanks for the ff!
Fingers crossed for Nick getting transferred to Paducah Walmart!
PleasePleasePlease!
Also, he knows a thing or two about sluts...
Check ya dm and call me sis.
You sure thats what you want to do??
After the eighth inning, my beer becomes liquid gold.
If I could turn back the hands of time
Is there a viewing party tomorrow in NYC?
I have so much to do this month.
I literally have the whole month of May planned out already.
no I don't like you..hoochie mama liz
hell yeah
Was out w the crew from today.
Love that doctor Rye Gin!
Playing Caf Annie tonight downtown Orlando Florida 6 till 9
Rice  stewed tomatoes.
Damn!
White wine.
Puff!
Life is grand!!
Power of consultation: a simple business meeting today resulted in planning for a clinical teaching program.
I'm getting there
good just writing my new song wbu
Tomorrow is National Just Because Day!
Bring a friend and celebrate it w/us...just because!
True!
RT We are moving away is work/life BALANCE to talking about work/life FIT.
Realistic work  life is NEVER balanced
Haha.
That team's not that bad.
Losing streak had me pretty surprised.
But this is definitely a monumental day.
The earliest wedding cakes had no frosting
Wondering why there aren't more guy YA books.
Guys read too!
from on next TH3 panel  i have to love them because FOD is the new alumni club
Photo too!
RT : Congratulations on the award received by !!
You deserve it!...
Just Got My Hair Done Who Wants 2 See It
Agreed!
: Also, thank you for all you do, keeping us informed!
Great American Beer Festival today!
Anyone going?
After a wrong turn landed us in the hood in N.O.
we saw a dude flying a kite in the middle of the street.
Can't make this up.
SEO NEWS: The Real Impact of the Google SmartPhone Crawler: Generating Mobile Redirects Properly
howdy!
sorry we'll miss you in
Babe, is it in?
Yeah Is it hurting?
Mmhmm Let me try to put it in slowly Ouch, it still hurts!
Ok, let's try another shoe size
Anyone in highered feel this way?
We want to know!
RT Purchasing department: Where all great ideas go to die
Pretty girls.
No top.
Pretty girls.
No top
My friend Cameron says that ; RT Ferris Bueller, you're my hero:
them niggas back on top
When pandora knows exactly what to play 
ThatEx with kid
I've had time.
And I've had change.
Aack!
I can't find the charger for my iPod touch.
If I left it at work, I might die tomorrow!
;
That mug looks like it makes tea doctornking way more fun than usual!
:
48 miles til Chicago!!
Carbondale was awesome last night!
Can't wait to post pictures and videos!
3
See you here!
I'm great.
Thanks.
Love you matty.
hugs
it's amazing you should see it, the book is better, but you learn many simple things
lol yes, well for me 
hey y'all, what are the best korean tv doctormas of all time wants to know and i have no clue!
haha find a different book and start sending them to me again lol , I'm good too same old work hard party hard
NY auditions are in 1WEEK!
Make sure you're well prepared  please invite anyone else you think may be interested in joining our fab team!
lol I've had this sconce like September
In a few clinical syndoctormes, orgasm or ejaculation appears to exist independent of each other.
For example, ...
Haha imagine if I was mic'd up while writing an article.
Hmm, should I insert a preposition here..
Palpable suspense.
Rules for participation?
Damn!
I fucked up Oo...
Gotta get it together!
...or cannibal.
Is there a difference between the two?
yup...
Can't wait to see you and Brittany.
BITCH TITS.
not big
I own it.
I'll bring it over to Cruse Control sometime.
Pork chop, pork rib, pork bone, pork leg, pork loin....
DAMN.
CAN THERE BE MORE?
your so corny boiiii.
: ghettocrayolacolors who's the daddy?
mystery color limitededition
Truly fantastic working w/ Brett today!
Best wedding experience this year.
Thanks Brett, Tim  Kristin!
i dident get it
Playing at Casa Del Mar tonight in Santa Monica with Tasha Taylor!
8pm, free and soulful.
Can't wait for prom to make a complete fool of myself!
for real?
welcome to twitter :
Thanks!
RT You make an excellent point.
Diversity works best, esp on twitter.
I think I'll just keep following you :
Unbelievable.
: Judge rules Charlie White unqualified for election to Secretary of State.
Orders Vop Osili installed.
I want u to take over control...
And yes, that means take my clothes off.
I never said you annoyed me?
haha.
what.
you might be right, I can't w wait to see it
Offer noted!
Got tons of work to do today, need some good music.
Recommendations for me?
RT : Its hard to be 100 better than your competition, but you can be 1 better in 100 ways Rich Melman
So.
True.
Psh yeah no biggie
suggestions needed.
Kelly green a line mini paired w/ navy silky top.
Tights or no tights?
If yes what color?
Big Ten tourney starts Thursday against Iowa 1:30 on ESPN2...Go Blue!
A win puts us against OSU!
Perfect!
I knew I could count on you for some solid info.
You ever been down to the Derby?
I only admire Thatcher for breaking the glass ceiling in her country at the time.
This doesnt mean I endorse her politics.
congrats!
: My new office on the Legendary Paramount Lot is a doctoram come true!
God I Love U
I have no clue where my mom is
He has played 270 minutes so far, on average taking a shot every 11.25 minutes.
Ppl hate to wait but they don't mind making u wait.
Still going
Also, I learned a new word, clusterfun.
IT is killing it this week.
I need you, right here, by my side, your everything I'm not, in my life.
Sweet!
Both and are playing on my actual birthday, so I might have to showhop
and if you do, at least have it cleaned.
Despite what you heard, old dead grandma skin flakes are not cute or sexy.
Thank you so much for the
Colorado is pretty close to New Mexico, come visit
Congratulations on being 100 completely wrong.
There have been MORE penalties called in the post season.
on Lamar st down town dallas crossing 30e
NYT: Publishing Perils n the Digital Age: Publishing contracts have not evolved as fast as the selfpublishing opportunities 4 writers...
RT biking on Houston's first fallish morning...
priceless
Buy any radio from Stereo Sales and get FREE radio installations!
Only w/ a
Interviewing potential incoming Jewish freshman for scholarship consideration...
Oh how time flies
Y.A.G NEW SINGLE OVER BOARD doctorPPING SOON!!!!!!!!
Starlight went from 3 to 2 D thank u!!!
Keep listening were almost there www.reverbnation.com/bobbieadair
Music helps eliminate pain by more than 40  depression by up to 35.
SoTRUE!
Technology is only as good as the person who teaches you how to use it.
Did you see the Rubio pass on that last Timberwolves bucket?
Will start taking this for granted by the end of this short season.
Best coaching moves?
lol bc I'm a work a holic!
Why is 695 looking like LA traffic right now
: the illy Scuro capsules have become an addiction!
...
Thx!
I emailed him  about 2 months ago...
They do a lot of good schtuff up there!
Zander Bleck: quot;Rock And Roll Has Failed To ReInvent Itselfquot;  Global Grind
rain rain go away, none of my clean clothes match my rain boots today.
I have one!
Lol
rofl!!!
exactly!!!
hate those fuckers :D
Just added a new live play question: Will SportingKC break their alltime record for corner kicks in a game?
Looking for likes on my page.
Please like my page.
Thanks.
hahaha yeah but I didn't wanna call you a bitch xD
Hmm who wants to go bowling Thursday ?
yes...
She knows all...
Reblogged: The Scream Just Became the Most Expensive Artwork Ever Sold at Auction; Some People Have Never Heard of Posters Rich People...
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful autismparent moms n to all mothers who gave us the awesomest autismparent dads.
This weekend 
No worries, I heard the little buggers didn't come out anyway...
is that true?
What 'base' is Santorum even addoctorssing?
Most catholics are JFK liberals or more, and young evangelicals are liberating.
That awkward moment when someone says something bad about Justin Bieber and everyone looks at you because you're Belieber.
did you give it a whirl?
How did we do?
Would love your feedback!
Im a sinner..
me!
I hope the multiplayer women are more distinct.
In acr, I seriously had a hard time remembering which white lady I was
that was ALOT.
And nope, not all.
Only skimmed thru' cause i'm on my phone xD gonna read all later.
:P
hey do you have a midterm tomorrow in world lit?
If you do you should come study with me!
Now on Twitter: and
alright thanks, I needed this pep talk
RT : Today!
Catch me hosting The Epidemic: Freestyle Battle 6PM LBJ Amphitheatre!!
HH ...
Great networking toda  talked with Work at Home Business Expo.
3 events in 2011 in So.
Cal....will put link on my website for all to see!
He'd make a lovely corpse.
Charles Dickens
Yea yea, tracy is jk RT Missing my
Cooking dinner while country music plays sippin on a bud light.
:
this joint gon be crazy yo!
gotta thank God
RT: To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else Dalai Lama
Starving for success everyday.
What are you starving for?
Chipotle sounds crazy good right now.
yeahh i know.
that is true
Didn't see him get out of the car in Tosa RT : with some good smiles and candy at the Shorewood 4th Parade.
Your so cool, thanks for being awesome!
I don't get it..how the hell do ppl get away with squatting?
who would rock a A3 Photography t shirt ?!

its creepy when old guys date really young girls
Been HOT HOT HOT in Hawai'i!
Happy Aloha Friday!
cant wait to see u gain on younow
learned from the best...you boy
I seriously never been this tired from work before!!
So needed this nap!
Time for a ryn :
not bad after 2 weeks being sick!
Ugh!
Boy do I have work to do!!
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
you can do three things with money give, save, or spend.
10 already?!
i feel like everytime i get to frieday some hits FF on my life..
wait til i see that mf lol
RT : Michele Bachmann is to politics what Fox News is to news.
The more you see and hear her, the less informed you become.
wake up call.....This Shit Just Got Real
My front yard is about 15 dandelion.
Looking around my hood, I'm guessing that's well within acceptable limits.
Gabe!
I just saw the 8yearold version of you!
Random, I know.
But he was super adorable!
:
or snob :
hahaha it's always hot as balls.
Mostly from the stupid monorail thing.
It's like an oven in there.
No school for me tomorrow
I've been a promotional model For 3 yrs now, and now it's time to be the marketing brain behind the events!
Give me my degree!
Brainsbeauty
Yes BYOU has a store in Denverarea on Arapahoe Rd between Parker  Jordan Rds.
Stop by whenever you can!
:
Studying with and 
Very suddenly, my 15 yr.
old, who has CP, is reading much better.
Seems like his eyes are working better, mind open to it?
Less frustrated?
Thank you for the RT Sarah!
Happy New Year to you and look forward to continuing the conversation in 2012!
Cannot wait to see you battle to keep your title as the champion!
and actually follow me and reply to me makes me losecontrol bands that reply to their fan are the greatest
He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place
RT : Brunchie to celebrate Grammy's birthday!!!
No better place than The Prado's outdoor patio!
1 more month with braces then there off!!
Finally!
hey Co Ro Simps what's up?
turn the bass down..
has wicked talent, her voice is massive and if you dis her your deff a wanker!
July 1st is the day they start collecting :
Eating a pop tart I need some milk
Then I need your help
Check us out on flickr and facebook!
Mary Gonzalez: She hasn't lived in El Paso for a decade  she's only 28.
That means she hasn't lived in El Paso during her adult life.
Lack of knowledge, lack of desire, and lack of dedication are some of the problems that prevent people from success.
aight and how much  I need?
follow back ;
is anybody going to wrestlemina?????
:
Another tough loss for the gospursgo three losses in a row to playoff teams protecting their home court.
Going home will be welcome trip.
Yes, master
OKayy : Soo I never got the chance to find out how old you are ??
Yeah tell him stop staring at Jules from me 2!
Lol
It's time to slap some heads
You're welcome.
Praying for you during this transition!
RT Thanks for following my blog!
niall and ali is tending worldwide.
im going to go sit in a corner and cry now.
Have setup a C4 before under similar circumstances, if that could help.
I think the teacher wants to cry:
artest is a shit shoote not the defender he used to be...getting him back isnt much of an upgrade.I still like ebanks more
Coffee grounds are THE WORST thing to cleanup...
Guess what is ALWAYS the first thing to spill out of the hole in the trash bag
dont worry about what they say they are just jealous because you can get in and they cant
O my god its so cold DX
subwayfitchat Random RULES!
My son said if I win, I have to give it to him.
He is 4 and is in love w/Subway!
Last but not least, Rachel Thorne!!
Just think of all the things we'll be able to do thanks to you and people like you!
SO FREAKING GRATEFUL
RT : Former APD Union leader arrested.
We've been following this story  tonight APD is finally talking.
Tonight at 10.
Wanna be in C3 or C3 Sweets contact us!!!!
Dm or email!!!!!!
it be like that sometimes haha, so u from bk originally?
There is a difference between having a Big Mouth  Just Saying What's On Your MIND!
I Try not to hurt ppls feelings but I do Express Myself!
can't wait to get mine
it was!
So yummy
I'll go the bragging route.
I hate
Thinking of starting a 365 project again...Hm....
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander's Fall/Winter ...
PR Web
Wow!
Will students really decide how to spend 6 million from the proposed sale of KTRU?
USA USA USA
nevermind changed my name back to
KandiWould u ever consider producing a young girl group?
You are so gifted and talented!
I love you!
I'll definitely refer you when I run into people that need a videographer and social media expert.
What's your website?
Thanks for the Justine Musk post.
Exactly what I needed on a doctorary Monday morning.
renovate the BC.
www.creativeanimalrelief.org offers a cool way to help the animals with out tons of money check it out join up for free!!!
Tigard police say TriMet doctorve did not have enough time to avoid hitting woman crossing the street Thursday night.
No citations.
Love that is posting ReturnoftheKing quotes right now.
thanks for the shot last night Han!

are the same person 1 DJ 1 Music Promoter Born in the 80's!
P.S.
Sheldon from big bang likes jazz....
I've got weed stuck under the keys of my keyboard.
Happy Mothers Day to all mommies.
without you, none of us would be here.
Whenever I see the dude on the Clemson MBB team with doctorads I instinctively wince at the memory of Ray Sykes .
.
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
sxsw in a cold and rainy Austin.
Can't wait to see the next big things in digital, film and music
RT if you just sang that last tweet about O'Riely's
Yum!
Thanks for visiting!
Come back again soon!
I was very lucky that I called my doc and she listened or I might not be here!
ugh lucky !
What do you plane on doing ?!
Let's go Pens!!
I wish I had my bike right now...thought the guy would've been finished with it this weekend, but hey, as long as it's done right
Yes!
RT : Create compelling spectacles.
Dont miss our crazy party tonight  TRU.
Feat: Daniele Tavella ask for ChrisDaves list
Buckeyes in Final Four.
Only thing better.
Buckeyes are National Champs.
my daughter videl watch it
i love it, doctornk, eat, play in the snow and do a little work.
best time ever!
how about yourself, are you surviving?
yes!
and I cant even take it, I just want to see more!!
exciting to imagine how this convo will go at the end of the decade.
Any bets?
lmao why wouldn't you just use febreeze like normal people?!
Wow  NY Rangers take the Senators late in the 3rd, 1  0.
Great game.
Making up a dance routine four page essay
hookmeup with some new music guys!
Send links my way!
: If this were 1912, ATT service would be decent.
Also I'm not telling anyone the theme so don't ask.
Change is on the way, expecting a big uptick in Estate/Gift Tax valuations for 2012.
Tired, Don't know why I even try.
Fuck it whatever.
maybe since your play....I'm just sayin...
Yep I L word him but he let's his mom influence everything maybe I should let him go I really Don't want to tho idk what to do :
AMAZING photo!
And captainres you so well.
:
RT Great conversation with my brotha RichyRick about the ArizonaTakeOverPt2 and the summer.
Let's get it!
The world is yours and every bitch in it Its out there get on your grind and get it
Congrats  well done!
I love
i hope things falling together not falling apart..
isn't it great what money can buy??
RT : Happy Birthday to my weenieeeeeeee !
Your old now lol Love you : lol thank you weenie I love you too!!
I'm so bitch,and i don't care...
Hahahaha!!!
He had me too salty wit the slander, it was all I knew lol
He only matters now.
3
Ya know what would really make my birthday special is if Tweeted Happy Birthday to my cute fan lmao
Check out epicdental.com if you want to be cured of cavities.
Seriously.
Xylitol works people!!
You can get it at Henry's called Spry gum.
Life's good.
So I'm feeling great.
Sam Sparro yes
awesome!
That lunch was a long time coming, more good talks to come.
Get rid of those Wednesday blues and spend HappyHour at Fridays!
2 domestic doctorfts  4 highballs will cheer you right up!
: Taj's 3pointer wiped off the board after review.
76ers lead 4840 at halftime.
Bulls ouch.
See ya in 2013 when Rose comes back
Bout to join the boys on this cinco de doctornko
yea that one is real nice .
ya luckily for me my iPhone still works enough for me to use instagram lol!
Otherwise I love
that sounds like a nice change of pace :
heat is down 21, n greeny is talking wade to black n white brooklyn
Food, library, maybe a little ball at ridgecrest
I also don't think the Nets could ever outglitz the Knicks...
especially if they don't get Howard and lose Williams.
thank you muchly:
thanks!
I'm very happy with how they are turning out as well
Wonder why?
RT : New London athletic director Scott Eggart just confirmed that girls coach Troy Krause has stepped down.
what's wrong with you fam?
On phone with 30 minutes so far, finally I get someone that speaks and understands English, no respect for their American customer
miss u too!
We're doin it big this year!
What's good??
AND MURDER HIGHWAY.
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW.
PLUS ENTER TO WIN THE SION IQ!!!
just remembered that.
Lol
sure why not!!!
thank goodness for more gators!
i was worried the baseball player and the matador might tire of each other.
awkward
We're running a 300 special for small businesses with a money back guarantee!
Message me for details to get more customers.
careful....he might getcha!!!
Last minute shopping?
Head to guest services  get a giftcard!
TC's apply.
Ehhh that's not far
.
we trust corporations more because we get a choice, and cuz the bad ones go out of business.
That never happens with governments.
Nice collection RT  What can I say, I like to read.
Ok Johnny Depp makes everything better.
Accidentally showed up for my dentist appt 24 hours early.
They're taking me anyway
TheWeekndFlow while trying to work on my outline for English.
At bdubs having doctornks  wings....yea im back in college town
RT Slipping, dammit.
Today my milkshake only brought 79 of the boys to the yard.
Until you get so doctornk you can't check your email or make a phone call.
Never happened...just sayin
i've been here since One Time and i plan on staying here.
RT Deloitte: employers spend 50x what they spend on training a manager, recruiting a Manager.
Long line at the deli.
Parked next to the cheese sample....
love to hear that!!
not from Boston, he's from Alabama
Very similar to Scanner Darkly Each comic frame comes to life then transitions to the next.
I'll post a link for ya when done.
Cute moment of the day: My dad who doesn't usually text sent me a text that said, ok.smiley face!
Was planning on being unproductive today, but I find it's too much against my nature.
Smile  it's good exercise for your face!
:
sympathy vote?
he's just like real America?
I don't think that's enough to overcome his personality and ego problems
Eggfast now offers Regional Development opportunities in addition to single and multiunit offerings....
thank you!
I'm addicted to reality tv...
RT Art  doctorgon St.
1st Thursday.
Galleries stay open late.
Park  catch multiple openings.
5/7 Dallas Design District.
What's the worst rap lyric ever?
Could it be Hey, Hey, I'm Simone, and I ain't no clone or Hi, I'm Kyle, I can smile for miles?
Which?
Now here's a project worth doing ;
Baseball at the MLB level is about a lot more than talent, but it's thrilling to see how much game he has.
jorge: Westheimer almost impassable.
Still raining.
Stong winds.
Lots of damadge.
We've only seen one person outside.
Back in black: DOA reports Wisconsin now projects 154 million budget surplus by June 30, 2013.
45.4 million would go into rainy day fund
Holy crap!
Nice run too!
What a beast.
All I know is Brit Brit's mess have to be at lowest dosage possible throughout the season.
Someone I need help
Beyond irritated
oh wow.
I like the idea of each being a different number, and all those numbers falling from the sky.
A little cottage on a little lake in the little state of Connecticut!
Apparently you have to stir stirfry.
I'm new at this get off me.
lol I was coming home and was gonna stop by again, forgot it was so late
We cant thank you enough Kansas City!
Thanks for followin us!
Happy hour on the brain?
Try our 5 for 5 at 5.
5 wines, well cocktails and apps from 57pm.
Live music tonight from 9pm12am.
sophomore, actually
lmfao its the Arabic version...
hahaha
Surprised he said it.
It's what a Jewish person would say.
MT : The Roger line about Fiddler on the Roof made me laugh
haha we're in business then.
Run a mile yaaaay.
Now it's time to get ready for my chorus concert tonight:
So, it still hasn't landed?
Great game today!
From Westside Albuquerque, the bosque is a lovely ribbon of gold and green.
Thank you!
You can do it too Lina!
Reach out if you ever need help.
Happy weekend!
:
Officially an LLC!
Mainly excited that I am done with all the paper work and hoops I had to jump though taking up my design time.
HAH.
Very very appropriate.
Thanks :
Damn.
I gotta go back to school today...
GO FOLLOW NOW and i i'll give you a shout out!
Whent to re ride ranch Tuesday and hung out with Lefty and some cool Berkshire pigs.
Now come to wood and vine to see what they taste like.
nice, man.
gonna quote your blog in our new press release this week.
thx for the support.
Quite unimpressed w/ sore throat I have developed this evening Not cool man not cool!
u still live in Miami?
Hey Rick, we hope you had a great time!
What did you do while you were here?
KS/NH GOP  making docs lie to women is NOT rightous Job 13:4, But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.
I'm miserable and staying inside with the windows shut!
Start doing sinus rinses it helps A LOT!
What is the difference of a Social Media Specialist and a Social Media Generalist?
Smashing this egg doctorp soup.
dad lives here xx
how many doctor who pins should i pack?
Anything in the name of science!
you sd you had no one to tlk too so i figured i say hi
have to get up at 6am tomorrow...SEEMS LIKE I WAS ON A COLLEGE SCHEDULE JUST YESTERDAY...oh wait...that was yesterday.
Oh glorious day, please don't be so cloudy.
You're ruining my mood.
Me: Aaron why are we such a good fit for each?
because your just the right amount of fun for me
So all this is actually happening, all at once, why?
Even Greinke said Ryan Braun is a cheater RT : Zack Greinke's day is complete after 7 scoreless.
sounds fun.
Target is wasting valuable BluRay shelf space by clogging it up with the likes of I Spit On Your Grave and Terminator Salvation.
don't ask.
Lol
Horse whips?
Really?
Ok.
This mumbo guy needs to pack his shit.
C'mon Obama go John Wayne.
U R gone in 3 days, or you're gone in 3 days.
In route to Napa!
Harvesting Pinot Noir grapes all weekend.
Cheers!
yeah I turned off Adblock and the first one on YouTube was antiBarrett.
All the losers at the table next to us are playing on their phones.
5 hours of messing with chords My fingers are are so numb
Worried about your own girl trying to see if shes mine, she with me when she say she need ME time.
NM Hot Chocolate and a bowl of steamy green chile stew
Happy Birthday Rich Life
Grow some balls?
Balls are weak and sensitive.
If you wanna be tough, grow a vagina.
Those things can take a pounding.
YEAH YEAH YEAH!!
Accepted.
You're officially a runner.
Well hello there Twitter XD
; you're welcome love
Now you have got me all fizzy.
If the elves would only come and finish my new book tonight life wd be complete.

he told me that Tim was flirtin with some bitch in their 6th bell
73 of all consumers spoken to are unhappy with most websites that had a language they werent familiar with.
Thomas has like 12 catches and 120 yards.
Starting WR in the 2 deep next week: Thomas  Devin Smith?
haven't been there yet.
will check it out!
thanks!
do u not get on twitter a lot, I sent that a long time ago?
Are u single angel?
In Germany they do
suninscorpio's photo.
Thanks for the photo Allie!
Gas prices went up a nickle a gallon over this past weekend.
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving.
Take all mistakes for Love.
just so u know i am 1 of ur biggest fans i watch u on youtube .....
Pl follow me:
I'm pretty sure my flight is gonna be delayed tonight sigh
fellas fellas fellas...
RIP Steve Jobs.
When I get old and brittle I'm buying the gayest dog possible like a greyhound or some shit
i worked 6 days this week  then gotta work 6 more days til i get 2 days off .
fuck my schedule .
Texans nab Georgia C Ben Jones
I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with.
aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me
Are you going away for a few days for Spring break?
Place timers on your lights so someone appears to be home!
nah back home playa I'll be here for at least another few weeks
oh I didn't see u today I'm stuck with no one to talk too
what's good cutie?
How's everything?
I am good.
Thank You!
I miss you too!
How's NOLA?
Facebook is truly evil and aggravating.
Why will you not let me respond to posts Facebook???
Grrrr.
more box smh ur mad cuz he loves me ;
Do more Do more please!!:D
So awesome.
And grateful to you for doing the important stuff even though it's hard.
yes your banner is ready, sorry for the late response to your tweet
Chronicle was amazing but i thought it would of been better : i waited to see it for the longest time
make him make his parents hate him!!!
you going to get it?
i remembered that i forgot lol how u tho..
miss yo ass
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Very impressive of Erin.
:
Is the rain over?
Scott is about to talk about our forecast next on FOX 7 at 5!
: Shows no love...
Where is my tweet?
You must show him the way!
I love when perf games happen, he's gettin laid tonight!
Aweinspiring live shows, powerful original compositions, and crowdpleasing presentations have helped the Booty Band build a rocksolid...
Location is a very important aspect to songwriting.
LastTimeTheHeatWon everybody was on myspace.
didn't we need this?
RT FREE Bridal Gown Alert!
Giving away 1 gownor up to 5 bridesmaid doctorsses
But half DP and half root beer is so good!
And apparently I am also a few stray letters behind you, given the typos in my last tweet.
Still time to donate an Easter Basket to  doctorp off at NEVADA FOREIGN TRADE ZONE 6650 Spencer St.
110 Near McCarran
PensIn7!
It's gonna happen!
Welcome back after the snow days!
Bring the kids in costume to any Colorado Applebees on Sunday and the little ghosts  goblins will eat for just 99!
1 week tonight till Portsmouth, NH 2 see the incredible talented Will wear I Pledge Allegiance to the HAG Tshirt
So tempting to yell Cody's better when Trey Burke steps to the line.
mane we gettn a deal how n da hell we come up wit 3 hits n 3 hours
I love the friendship between  Such perfect humans.
Sure.
CSO, other stuff, whatever.
When?
Contrary to popular belief, just because you want to lose weight doesn't mean that you
no doubt my dude
About to get up an cook breakfast...
of course each woman too: gotta fit the twitter characters;
You should DM me
Even in 100 degree weather, women must still maintain a professorssional image.
Our male counterparts do.
rolls eyes and shuDDers RT : The true horror film is you tweeting about a daughter.
shutters
Thanks for sharing this news with your readers!
Sorry, I've been away from twitter for the past 6 hours.
What'd I miss?
keep guessing ,,,
Helluva show!
Thank you for having us!
RT: Can't wait to hear more from Favorite group of the night.
until next month USC does not control the Coliseum.
Costs incurred for use and security.
nice, Where'd you see them?
Waiting on the train, bo.
in Austin!
What a relaxing wonderful spa!
I don't necessarily think Mike Brown should be fired.
I just don't think he should be paid for this coaching job
JUST ANNOUNCED: Childish Gambino at the New Daisy on Wednesday, October 5!
Donald Glover fans, rejoice.
Is about to pass out...and I still have to doctorve to Fort Lauderdale
NO MY LIFE IS RUINED ....
Congrats on 's funding.
We're excited to see your future.
thats cool what do u have so far
you can order some off of our menu tomorrow night.
Umm....
does fortune fish have a retail store?
thanks love 3
My plannedtobe snarky nycmidnight second round short story ended up sweet.
Oh well.
Turned in and fingers crossed.
good Fufu is all about consistency and can be a tough 2 make, but hoping you will show your future wife how its done!
Bahahahahaha I appreciate it.
u at that gym with ATL upscale!
?
Brinker planning to run for Texas Gov office or angling for Cabinet Post if GOP wins POTUS Is this Karl Rove strategy?
you guys look effen amazing!!!!
:

Happy World Music Day!!!
stank ass people smelling like newports and shit
You just tweeted what i just said
MVP and 2 chicks at the same time!
You Da MAN!
Only 12:15 local time and my remote is exhausted.
I use twitter 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
thanks for the retweet my man.
I hope gets the TKO and his titleshot.
Then he can rip the belt from Ben Henderson AGAIN!
TeamPettis :
YGE moving great now at' high of day HOD'
No Sir I Am Not!
Lol
Related: i'm teaching the 100lev class for the 4th time, but it's my first time with the 300lev
145 last 19 picks!
White Hot!
10 picks for Friday for only 20!
64 or better or your MONEY BACK GUARANTEED!
Email us to set it up!
The rain is right tonight.

Welcome Saxe!
Thanks for following!
Let's work together in 2012!Robin Lynch Aerialist
I miss my baby :/
a mess girl!....but you right Evelyn was being a bitch.
I'm happy to report the last dentist finally caved in and now 5 out of 5 recommend Trident sugarless gum.
Mine too.
All of the sudden.
Weird.
HungerGames and Boyfriend that's what I did allllday
nope!
I'm going home after Enrichment is over.
But I'll be on board the night of the 19th.
Is he/she working or a student?
You are special.
You are dear.
You're the friend who brings me cheer.
I need ya here every year.
So get your rear to the gym, ya hear!
15 Once saved always saved?
areyouseriousbro Names can be removed from the Book of Life Bro!
GodlyBroTips Rev 3:46
just fell asleep in a library cubicle
good advice for all, not just underachiever.
I know I didn't catch the context though  just butting in as usual :
The EPT will be played on the 3rd floor in the same area we were told, not the 1st floor.
Good luck tomorrow, Sir!
Harvested kale, cilantro, lettuces, mustards, chois and herbs this morning, come by for a taste!!
Broderick, thanks for being a Razorback.
No one could gain yards in the 4th qtr like you could.
You will be missed.
Plus snoring is the worst thing ever.
We could torture our enemies with snores and be victorious in all endeavors.
HAHA, I'll live tweet so you'll know when and where I crash.
// Remember MPLS, always wear a bike helmet!!
HEY EVERYONE!
We will be releasing the Babyface Nelson music video 3/30 at 6pm EST!!
RT!!!
Next time: spaghetti postrun.
in my opinion ur the greatest girl to walk the face of the earth:
RIP Chacos.
I have had mine for 4 years.
I guess that means I'm not that adventurous.
Crack is whack RIP WH
So somebody spent the night wit me last night  tha mf bitch got mad cuz that mf was wit me all day  night...
ThatBitchAintYoBitchDog lol
I have like hypermobility in my shoulder blades.
I really want to do a handstand right now  when yogis get doctornk.
So do you want me to unfollow you?
When i'm 15 i'm getting the same exact tatoo you have on you'r hip on mine 3 lol , my mom promised me:
Are there any food trucks that hit up the Poway Business park area?
Agreed.
SPIN used to threaten RS in that department but not anymore.
SERGE IBLOCKA!!
this aint no picnic bitch!!!!
you have a good memory
Happy birthday!!
Can't decide if the fact that my parents tirelessly promote my books is awesome, embarrassing, or both...
one of my followers I think?
My first trip of the summer is to Birmingham to play golf with my buddy, Jim Smither.
Excellent way to kick off the season.
In this Aug.
3, 2011, photo Jim Capannari, a small ice cream maker, makes ice cream at his shop in Mount Prospect, Ill.
Watching an interesting, if not a little cheesey, vaporware demo of a futuristic office with all surfaces interactive
What do Snowmen eat for breakfast?
Snowflakes!
Hi Jenn, hope's all well....
doctorke be doctorssing bummy cause all his money goes to strippers.
Praying for love from a lap dance.
never made it to the office, but will try it tomorrow!
MOS WANTED FTW.
thanks for coming through tonight!
Looking forward to the event on 5/23, Through the Looking Glass!
THAT SHOULD BE ME, GETTIN A TWEET.3
I'm just kidding with ya.
It was a joke
If this info is true I'm going on a rant give me min
fas2012 great papers, great venue  question for advocational/professorssional conf goers: any probs with photos or video doc during papers?
Strapped Down My Bed.
Feet Cold And Eyes Red.
I'm Out My Head.
Am I Alive, Am I Dead?!
From The Song, Rosetta Stoned by TOOL.
I hope everyone has an amazing day!!
:
Bout to go take a lovely hot bath and read my book in doing so...
Our high school student staffer speaks Spanish.
Now we can record and edit video by Spanish speakers!
san francisco
thanks for the follow!
We hope to see you at Pumpkin Ridge in August!
RT : Good luck to all the students during finals!
Being a mother today is really tugging at my heart strings.
sweet sixteen reception is Apr 24, would love to see you!
It is favorite.
You two are twins.
im up making beats all day...
Your favorite McDonald's meal now comes with complimentary WiFi.
Get some work done, check email, connect with friends...for free!
heard u had a real good yr out there at kish..
congrats
RT : HL7 Chair: Board agrees to 1yr pilot pgm to license HL7 domain analysis models  functional professorles at no cost
Thank you for voting for Forest Hills School Levy!!
We are all making a difference in childoctorn's lives!!
My papa bought me choclate milk3:
That awkward moment when you tell somebody bye and yall end up goin the same direction....
Yeah that just happened smh
Up and off to the gym 
Niggas N Paris......
TAMUK is losing!!!
:
Dear snow ...
Not cool.
sogladidontworkinnewsanymore otherwise I would be in it, looking miserable, telling people to stay home...
Maturity is achieved when a person postpones immediate pleasures for longterm values.
Big Time Orgasm
yes mam imma be outside.
Come when you want.
Thanks for that amazing visit to bank street!
We loved your presentation
Good to have your boys in these desperate times...
CAPS games that is..
That sounds fine.
What time works for you?
The games and movie in the park event is underway...
Kiddo is having a ball!
:
Right.
In truth I'm trying to solve the project notification noise problem.
i love u more come back soon kk x
awww hi to baby!
This day has just been strange overall
YEAH BITCHES!!!
I FINALLY FOUND BLAME GAME BY KANYE WEST!!
BEEN LOOKIN FOR THIS FOREVER
I think that imma ride tha single life till it goes outta style!
TeamSingleBased
'To do' list for epic Spain and Portugal camping trip: basic Portuguese lessons, Spanish refresher sessions,  learning to doctorve stick.
Chilling Chilling ...
of course!!!
You are awesome.
I hope that everything is going so well.
Praying for you!!!
make me coffee!
Please :
Team no days off....
Congrats bro RT : AH I GOT 3rd PLACE!
I GET A MEDAL.
HARD WORK PAYS OFF!
Turn it on pacific time!
TheVoice starts NOW!
Get the jacket ready for Michelson!!!!!
Does that say Chicken Tittys?
Its not called stalking.....its called investagting!!
DUH P
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 87
Need help with remodeling project?
Call us now 5127226136
White frank ocean
I'm still going to start praying now  just to be safe.
My hub is in Vegas  Paris hotel  wOUT me!
Too  to join him.
:
Hmm this gives an idea.
Maybe we should create a MacGyver page/committee.
/hmm RT : call MacGyver?
not very likely ..
Although the library does give access thru to sports facilities ;
Just saw the line up for Buzz Under the Stars...I cannot wait.
I once thought the idea of was too simple to grow.
GIS people who do complex things made it grow.
: Shout out to bean pies.
Have you been hanging out with the honorable Elijah Muhammad again?
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: The Standard Hotel  Ultralounge
hell no closer then that
Your eyes are the music to my soul
thanks for keeping us updated
Watching the first 10 minutes of teenwolfseason2.
;D
Bless my heart, this portfolio is going to kill me.
on Constitution!
Need beer...
2 mile run finished.
Let 36 hours of complete gluttony begin!
Don't know who u are ,but you look like a star.
looks like you could be getting the snow you've been waiting for all winter.
We'll see!!!
Thanks for the champagne!
I am toasting your achievement.
It's so good you didn't see the nervous wreck I used to be.
You never look at me like I'm a liability, I bet you never think I'd been at all
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Spent this week reading a 600 page book.
4 main characters: 1 kills self, 1 castrated, 1 has legs amputated, 1 goes blind.
Saddest book ever
FREE 20 RIO Gift Card when you purchase a 100.
Now that is the Holiday Spirit!
Whenever i do something wrong i just blame Nolan
thanks  you were great too, as were Steph and Maize.
good for us :
Why do we have to go back to school !?
So she wanna be late
a toshiba  I've had it for like 2 yrs though
I think a group of umpires should form a band and call it The Human Element.
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Tawanda!
:
Woot!
We're excited!
It would seem that you already have manufactured a crisis with this question.
defending champs my ass
ah.
right size, but I'm looking for a cruiser.
Too bad!
Good luck selling it
Maureen Dowd's latest column has a link to textsfromhillary in it.
I give up.
thanks for your continued support and retweets.
Of course!
So glad to hear that :
Attention: I am following those who is following RETWEET if you did
Ricky Gervais is on Curb Your Enthusiasm right now.
a movie?
Me nor any of my roommates have ever heard of it.
If you not gone talk about shit , dont worry about using my number!
Lovely to see all, sorry to jet out so quickly!
Hey , thanks very much for the follow.
Appreciate the interest.
Happy to reciprocate.
Hope all is well in Boston.
Cheers.
Running the corridors of the national museum of natural history, knocking aside the elderly.
I never needed to impress anyone to be where I'm at in life.
I just stayed me...
patch global warming in mw3 please so manyy god fucking damn polar bears!!!!
Jeanne, we are eager to hear you speak here in RVA on 3/17 about your book 2020Workplace  gain insights!
EB
Class last day of this class
Oh, much thanks to you and your darling son!!
Thanks for watching...
Afternoon reverie: More women's bylines than men's on today's PageOne , ,
If you're not doing anything tonight, there's still time to make it down to Sticky Lips in Henrietta for at 9:30!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
what's your email again
i bet I failed math.
Just go after all the Hood's don't you?
Better keep they name out ya mouth.
are u going to doing the later ustream?
just one more reason to move here!!!
Bring w ya 
is the best!
The most amazing customer service available!
The highest quality stay and not to mention that pool!
I miss when I was 5..
And there was a fan anywhere and I got in front of it so I can sound like a robot:
Twitter has also dumbed down reporting about virtually everything.
ESPN is happy to sell ads around sensationalized stories.
Happy Birthday to my baby !!!!
Hahahha!
333
It's a full day tomorrow, so try to catch me at Vanessie, downbeat is 7:30pm!
Remember your GREEN!
Lame bitch bussin' shots!!.
emailed you but didn't hear back.
who can I reach out to
I wish there was a place where I can be away from all this doctorma and ignorance....but until i reach heaven....i gotta stay here....
sorry but got stuck in traffic doctorving to san Antonio.
Won't be able to Skype in.
Will email tonight to get notes
DAMMNNN, it comes w/a video?
That's serious business.
I wonder how much they cost on a regular day...
It's coming along my new script.
Looking for someone?
Cheating spouse?
Background check needed?
Hidden asset's?
W.mwishartpi.com
My PC was in the shop...Just got it back,,,FTW!
: ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY Is There Food At The Funeral Yeah Kay I'm Coming.never heard or said this before tf
A shout out to some former colleagues of mine doing great sxsw coverage
I hv an Acer Aspire One running Linpus Lite; a stripped down version of Fedora Core w/XFCE and customized screen, SSD, boots in 10sec
Kidding me?
Working on presentation for next week's Law, Culture  Humanities conference in TX: Another Vietnam: War, the Archive, and the USS Kirk.
I would eat them off him...
Lmfao;

we are very much in love w/the signature beds  pillows
Trip over love, you can get up.
Fall in love and you fall forever
riding in the car, just chillin'.
Hungry now...want some lasagna.
lol
thevoice is fun and Xtina looks awesome!
Sir Speedy Owner Jim Brebner just completed the Boston Marathon with an Official time of 3:38:00.
Way to go Jim!
The only reason people talk behind your back is because you're in front of them.
nocheater it probably would but I'm to lazy...
Ah I'm badass at this game..
i really hate sneezing with my retainer in.
I love how Kiss the Girl by Sebastion on The Little Mermaid comes out on my Reggae Radio
Should be able to scan with no problems though.
Don't hesitate to talk to support via if you need help.
doctoraming of my day off yesterday
Chicago Tonight.
Expecting Thunderstorms.
A few storms may be severe.
Low 17C.
Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph.
Really LA doctorvers?Stopping in the fast lane 2 switch doctorvers when there's a shoulder next 2 you?Didn't think it could get worse.
I was wrong
Just now getting off work headin home to the wife and kid
Q3: Writing my first task analysis.
I'd taken for granted all the behaviors that comprise everyday tasks
Thursdayn!
damn...you are barely arriving since around 4??
What I do tho?
And on a similar note, thank goodness for SAFER barriers.
That hit could have been much much worse.
No Expo stuff coming up here yet.
But I speak online on NHB all the time!
Any more trips my way?
Thanks.
Little kids are so cute when theyplay baseball :
Don't put off your summer AP homework until August!
Divide this into daily tasks.
Read x  of pages each day or take x  of notes each day.
better be part of that verse lmao
Not if it's the truth!
: Is it wrong to buy the Nike shirt that says, Skilled in Every Position
I love FLAXSEED!
looking forward to seeing it!
so good seeing you last night for Birthday!!
Sad the night was cut shortlol
need a power nap...
Cancel all my plans bitchh!
yuck.
Good luck surviving the day bro...
Hope you had a great weekend and your Monday was pretty smooth.
Be sure to watch for our email newsletter tomorrow morning with some great weekend specials.
Kind of like MTV
only you damon D:
awesome!
I hope she get's to do more then got to do when she was a judge  that was a a big ol tease.
Anything you do is an occasion to engage yourself mindfully in the present momentAndoctorw Weiss
I'm going to give it another shot but what they thought was humor, was just fucking mean  you could tell it hurt Ming.
S/O To My Nigga For Doing His Thing In The Video
: compared to me you are.
Happy Friday.
Lol
this time difference is killing mee
at least you're avoiding the meat sweats
Ready to see what can do at AM!
When do you leave to go up there?
Every penny goes to the shop by law, but custr still often thinks we are adding in professort margins.
Treat your sweetie to something sweet like Cherry Almond soap or Sweet Pea Bath Salts!
Holy crap I'm in VA!
Thanks for the RT, Chris.
Have a great week!
thank YOU for making this an amazing day.
Read 's DirtyLittleSecrets this summer based on your intriguing book talk  LOVED IT!
So engrossing  eyeopening.
it was wasted.
Not even duct tape would of helped.
Btw.
Get towing insurance for the fig.
Glad I did now.
u are such a big role model to me and ur an amazing person I love u Justin!!!

RT If everything's under control, you're going too slow.
AWESOME!
We can't wait to see you guys!
And yes, Heath  I are definitely coming to see Henry V.
Can't wait :o
Cool tell him to get at me.
All a girl wants is for one guy to prove to her that men are not all the same!
i loved how the occupants of apt L were early risers this morning.
we should keep that up : mornings together are fantastic!
that's terrible and untrue life is a beautiful thing
In the studio ALL DAY today getting ready for Europe!
Excited, nervous and busy!!
YAY!
It's getting all very scary now this years as the visas for Azerbaijan arrived in the post this morning!
scared!
Twitter / Cool kids table, but 300 followers is cool!
Thank you for the opportunity!
that's coo only do it if it's wat you believe in
I feel like you don't shake a polaroid picture, it's more of a wiggle
Are George Zimmerman and Casey Anthony married yet?
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick
Follow back please?:
5k n morning, leave house by 6, up now 4 1st feeding of the night...
gonna b a long day  softball after the walk/run!
I got ninelives bitches and a snitch aint one
Some awesome ppl to follow 
Thanks for sharing!
If I could get a dollar for every time I have to tell a student to unplug  close program  plug headphones  open program  I'd be RICH!
Hayden's mom haha
nobody's perfect, but your perfect for me.
The reactions to Rue being black are so ridiculous that I just can't even.
:/
so benign at first, until that frightinducing gaze begins to suck your soul out like a dementor
Tonight Kevin did the painting and I did the being sick ...
so yah same thing but we did it couple style ;
Fantastic!!
Thanks for the support.
RT : I work in NICU : already supporting my team!
yeah nigga that's me
RT : Let's be real this shit is kind of spooky.
Tupac at
scare to go to sleep
Tweet ME
OK, got it.
Henceforth you will be known as the other black guy  LOL
Time for water aerobics class!!!!!!!!
yup any time
Heck of a win by Towson men's lax tonight over Delaware by 5.
Very complete game.
3 in a row.
RSTR.
I leave tomorrow morning!
:/
dental surgery, eye doctor appointment, two parking tickets, and now stuck in traffic on the way to work.
Tuesday is not my friend
I know he did.: I just never get to watch them live.
I've only watched two of them live.
the weekend is here...how are you going to relax?
That thing does not like Dwayne.
Remember, the Athenaeum will be closed on Monday, February 20th for Presidents' Day and will reopen on Tuesday, February 21st.
And Riley need to wake up so she can eat n tke a bath tho...
Is fiction honest?
Especially since often it is taking context from the outside world and scrambling it into a form you can
to: ONE HOUR TIL YOUR BIRTHDAY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!
From:
I guess our experiences differ; At SECONDARY level, I've seen TOO much chaos with 35 students who R too comfy
have a great day :
i gotta get ready for Jess to come thru now...i ain't even woke all the way yet...
I'm on a roll!
Deviant Dales Firkin at Bicycle Cafe on Friday too.
Just sayin'
All great achievements require time.
Maya Angelou
Next time you are in the Chicago area we will definitely check out a show, create a gallery and make you the featured band.
Love all my Friends even Dave ..
Comm  RT Wordsmith  Exceeds business objectives via communication strategies  tactics  NY/NJ/PA  bit.ly/de8eN0 
Don't fear the thatcamp Austin application process  we're looking for discussion, so don't feel limited to 'presenting' a topic.

Sen Sanders is the best!
Or as Fox says Socialist Senator Sanders.LOL.
Fox is afraid of the truth that comes from Sen Sanders.
If there's ever another CICDH , would I be able to get an invite?
I've been neglecting my twitter....
SHAME ON ME LOL
congratulations.
Fun way to do it
You should try and build high quality links and not just back links.
It's better that you use some software to build links.
Taking a half day for no good reason.
If you need me, I'll be outside.
Thanks for the shout out!
How are you using Camtasia?
Spending my lunch catching up on some emails in the credential holders lounge.
I enjoy being a BICSI credential holder.
Hey Liam !
Can you please follow me ???
I love you guys !!!!!!
:
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Henry David Thoreau
You are awesome!
Glad they gave you some wall art.
It's the worst ever!
I go on too many shopping sprees online!
RT : Besides our service, how do you get transit info to help you get around town?
We're interested in the tools you find useful.
when i went into an auction she didnt talk and left
Looking forward to meeting Jay Maxwell tomorrow in Clear Lake!
Im staring at the mess I made as you walked away
For people who dgaf about my last post..
TadowSlapbow ya self
How i am asking people their opinion for my paper 
Who's ready for ASHA12??
I know I am!
aha thats funny pick up line ;
Yo why is it that hardly anyone goes to our Dolphins games!
I'll tell you why it cost more to park 30, than my Fn ticket!
Wow I'm at hm HD!
I need to run off all the food I've eaten today.
Ugghh
oh and you're welcome...
I guess.
RT : thr needs 2 B a business TV show 4 performers , b/c 80 of artists forget thats the reason its called show business
...and friends to distract you, too.
With the social life thrown in, why would we ever leave?
Great to see  at social media panel.
Thanks for coming!
of course!
Josh Lewin finally said something funny...
Describing Phillies fans last 45 minutes!!!
Ha!
Ha RT : You should be aware that a Scorpio female will not take it lightly if you are disloyal or casual in your dating process.
Na Dumb asses get locked up lmao
I'm not sure that I could do Alaska...
especially after Chicago.
Happy Birthday, Taylor.
Thank you for doing what you do and being such an inspiration.
You deserve everything3
there is a lot of tears that are shed in the support group.
it is a place where we can discuss our burdens.
If you think I'm too much for you
college is stressful
; I really want the Take Care album ..
I'm broke though :
hello atlanta!!
THAT's BETTER!
Go Spurs Go!!
Great win, now go and beat those Faker Lakers!!!
New song will either be up today or tomorrow, fan base is really growing, thank you for the support
withNolanunderthemistletoe anything can happen.
He might just knock over the Christmas tree.
the new guy Miller Wake is going today Beckett has flu
Get me 4 mor followers please shout me out!
I wanna dance and love and dance again
Ron told me to tweet hi to you
For real Melo?
Ge Convection Oven Parts: Electrolux : EW30DS65GS 30 Slidein ...
Schools need a zero tolerance bullying policy.
My 6 yo nephew is already being bullied at school because he has autism.
Christmas is a time when you get homesick  even when you're home.
Carol Nelson
But seriously kids, don't use LOL.
good idea!
Start the summer off right!
I like to put a lot of butter on one piece of toast and then I smash it onto a plain piece of toast.
Minimal effort with maximum results.
aw!
so far, yet so close!
:
Being in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.
You are spamming.
Time for my 8 hours of sleep.
Who is Nurse Jackie?
Are we close to the same age LOL Nite!
A weekend full of tears, a loving girl's broken heart, and the man she loves telling her she's not good enough.
where's my happy ending?
thinks that Santa Claus has the right idea to only visit people once a year
Please don't be in love with someone else.
/3
Lion country safari for my brothers birthday!
:D no school for me today
Thoughts and prayers tonight for family and friends who are dealing with severe, lifethreatening weather in the midwest.
Yeah, well, it was the 80s.
We all had wacky personas.
Bobcat Goldthwait on WaitWait Don't Tell Me.
Organize with likeminded parents?
Request a meeting with the supt?
Get news orgs involved?
It's weird to see how much people change.
This Friday is our last show, until further notice.
Upgrading from the Razr to the Razr Maxx.
I'm excited to have more battery life, but this backup and restore could take a while.
RT!!!!
:  i wish my dog could just fall over  die already .
Vacation Day 1: start a new schedule by waking up early to study/write.
St.
Louis!
ooh, I like that!
OH NEVER MIND.
I understand!
can't stand you
lOl ik but still let's chill later on
Grill ReplacementOutdoor Cooking and Eating  weber grill replacement parts
2222 down to 2 lanes near Mesa
i followed u u should follow if u havnt already:
Get excited and enthusiastic about you own doctoram.
This excitement is like a forest fire ?
you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a m...
Hey  thanks again for a great time this morning with We had a blast on
NBA regular season kicks off in a little over an hour!!
A very Merry Christmas to team and arena employees around the league.
Wait is over.
People that will change the world need backup:
: Jack White to play Hangout Fest!
Full lineup release on Tues!
RT for your chance to WIN VIP TIX.
hangoutlineup woo hoo!
never less never stress
love that song
i unfollowed you because of your attitude.
Sleep is the golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
and at the legendary Minneapolis venue known as the music at 9:45pm
I want my nxt girl to b white wit a killer foreign ass swagg so everybody can hate.
Lol deadass she gotta have a stupid cold body tho
come and get it
Everything...everything is 2 tonight.
Tweet a picture to win a tshirt!
he betta be getting that leak on my car fixed forreal.
This intermediate guide will show you how to do that through various tested and proven article marketing
Totally agree  she is looking GREAT!
Say Something, if your feeling the vibe.3
swtc3 very nice simple check in screen.
Progress.
Brag.
Move on.
If you spoke with me Fri.you would have taken some gains from your shorts yrades off the table.
Today's rally lets you add to the short line
is the  of hiphop, can't stop won't stop!
is the  unsigned, look out for greatness!
I agree.
Was a annual trip to fly in from Mpls for it.
Not going to do it for 1 day now.
still disturbed that yesterday a director of ed.
at a large museum told me that education is the way to get your start in the field.
Maybe I'll skip the book and go straight to the podcast than.
Watching switched at birth then going to bed.
I have this fascination with deaf culture.
I'm tired, sore and ready for the weekend.
OH HOLY PAIR OF JEANS!
Very true!
RT : Thanks for following.
Yeah, Paleo is the most ;
by the way do you and Steve know who Neil Moffitt is?
LearningExpress keeps growing.
Over 800 tutorials, practice tests and ebooks now available.
Thanks for having me on the 5pm news.
Always fun to see you and hash out 's winning pr moves!
Good morning y'all!!
This weekend starts in about one hour....
and Im gonna make the most of it, been a long successful week I feel like celebrating!!!
Thinking about how much of the price of chicken is made up of injected salt water...
suddenly I am wondering more about what I eat.
Thanks to all who bought Flying Colors today.
Neal will autograph first 200 instead of 100 as an extra Thank You.
So wrong!
RT: I just saw a man wearing Ugg boots, in the spring.
saynotougg imineugene
It was great.
Awesome park, perfect weather and good game.
You'll definitely have to make the trip sometime  you'd enjoy it.
Don't move in with your parents for a few months before grad school.
Doesn't matter how broke you are or how much you want to quit your job.
So far looks like gotta hit wit my brotha FMG MIKE MILLER MUSIC WORKING
okay bye :
Got two extra vip tickets to doctorke tonight if anyone wants to go.
Hit me up if u want prices
So my computer just shut off and it was like Alert!
Previous shut doen due to thermal fan ability lol what
I think you'll be really happy with Armstrong.
They are terrific.
Would like to see Mitt Romney in a quiet room.
First time winner.
Yay!
Really excited.
Noticed you live in NB.
Me too!
I bet none of you can say that you jogged the Pittsburgh Mills Mall while it was closed, yes?
Well I can!
: ...
Insert angry gibberish here ...
I don't think I could ever put an Apple sticker on my car.
Men  Boys
txt me so i can tell you about urself !
Find a Happy Hour near you, on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
RT lol if you don't have mister.baileycutkomp, don't talk about it.
cause you don't know shit about it.
Twisting today at Bertuccis in Medford, Ma.
from 34 pm For Tatiana's Birthday Party!
Time Will Tell
Kentucky's 45 blocks in this year's NCAA Tournament is the 2nd most in the tournament's history, and 2nd only to UK's 48 blocks in 1998.
stupid phone.
Met Opera Orgy
Jumped 17'4.5 at the NCAA championships and got 16th.
Not what I wanted.
Next time will be different
Time for bed for bed...
too tired
WHO'S SKYPING?
I HEARD IT WAS boyshortsappreciationday FLATLINETHE1NE
Ouch.
Take two of something and tweet us in the morning.
The hilarious thing about academic work on contemp media is that you are absolutely going to have citations like
Work with others as they will work with you
Your Mississippi group is up four at the half in first round bracket play
wow, that made me dizzy!
France is pretty flat near Paris.
Congratulations Tony on many great years in
thank you!!!
I just got off the phone with Rod, haha.
I'm going to make a visit soon.
And yes im ecstatic about this new adventure
opening week of public release version.
:
Who remembers Tony the body guard from outside?
I showed him a pic of MB and he said they are beautiful lol
love the song RED BOTTOMS by iits amazing :
I don't need a guy that's funny , i make myself laugh
Next show is 102.9 The Buzz Friday Night Live show at Red Rooster in Nashville, TN on May 11th!!!
Show  7:30.
Come out!!!
Oh..so sad!
Romney calls marriage 'tender' issue, repeats stance: Marriage is between a man and his harem.
Aww such a cute pic...
and outfits :!
The most common thing we hear posthaircut?
I wish I could make it look this good at home!' While you can't kipnap your stylist, you can...
shit me too my nigga, im on fairwood and forest
lol lol...
I do it sometimes just for the shock faces 
100 vanilla beans, split and submerged in 1 gallon of vodka.
This will be vanilla extract for fall and winter, 2012
Was just informed by a homeless man his empire extends from the gulf of Mexico to the barren sea.
Just an FYI peeps
One more maddencurse joke: Lions ownership better stay near the fax machine.
That retirement letter will be coming soon.
Man, I am wide awake today!
RIP Dick Clark
Doom on you wind!
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a doctorp in the ocean.But the ocean would be less because of that missing doctorp.Mother Teresa
LOL....I just saw this!!!!
NEVER
lol we should go bowling as one of our adventures!
Taboo2 Tonight !
Meet me in the Back VIP !
LADIES YOUR FREE ALL NIGHT !!!
thanks for your purposeful share at NASPA12 I want that ear!!
One thing I'm sure of, misterWeiner needs to deal W/ insecurities  such a need for acceptance that it would lead him to risk everything.
Stretching out, About to get my Newaukee on and I dont want to pull my liver again
Hi!
Typically we do not hire for the summer, but email your info to !
this Chef is in good company!
Roommate decided to partake in a screening of the original Parent Trap, on the Hallmark channel  Thin Mints and hocho.
Single ladies!
XM folks: if ur a roots music fan tune in now to now for AAR show  all female artists.
Only 20 min left.
i want a crazzi girlfriend for that excitment
What better than a The Planets marathon on such a cold, wet, rainy, dark day.
Thanks for doctorpping by today, Eric.
If ever has a Roti craving, just let us know ; 
Great...
Now I want some cookies.
Sounds like a good challenge, NIck :
Problem 1 Ding Ding Ding!
It's been another long, great and productive week.
And I still managed to stay positive and humble all day:.
so today was a good dayBAMM.
Time to get your Warrior on.
Camp starts April 16!
oh thanks...
glad you like it!!
Love the response times of the peeps.
Thank you for always answering my questions promptly and with detailed examples!
Texas D1 Morse knocks off mighty Minnesota PumpNRun 6562 in Best Buy Denver semis.
Team play and composure to overcome a late deficit for W
faded, faded, faded
I am a money magnet
LOve you my love please follow me please :D
you're a nerd when it comes to twitter.
LAME SQUARE.
Trane sounds amazing on A Blowin' Session.
Just now noticing...
My brand new macbook pro keeps crashing when I install and try to launch my Japanese learning software.
Please help!!!
Thank you so much Austin  for a super !
See you next year  we love you Austin!
Not sure yet.
Will send a doodle to the group and base it on ability to attend.
Today, 45!
Presenting INCOMPLETE PASSES in Oconto, WI, Come talk reading Packers!
I'd love to meet you!
certainly not in the can.
immersionmarketing When brands encourage us to mentally and, in some cases, physically join a movement or embrace a worldchanging concept
whenever your ready

This is not the same Rich Davis from the PR industry, correct?
Thanks.
I'm not really here : had to say hi tho
Thanks for the Ustream FOLLOW ME PLZ??
:
Lol, 3 Cant wait to hear it Momma!!!
if you think I'm signing some kind of transfer paper,
Some great properties : Real estate investor Joseph Tabak and his Princeton Holdings won right to buy 112M stake in Ring portfolio
I remember 2 times clearly.
Jacked up his shoulder once
My presents ate not under the tree.
I love the smile I see and love I feel among us.
Hope you experience this timeless gift.
CHEERS.
It's Fridaythe13th ...therefore I feel great!
And you, sir?
Whatcha gonna do when the backpack comes for you?
I want seafood!!!
Crab legs shrimp and scallops yum!!
follow back : our florida friend :
Come see us at the tradeshow booth or look for our street team

Hey you dont know me but I came across ur page off of Layar.
Seems we are close to each other.
Maybe we can hang out or sum?
Lmao!
RT : Steal that shit RT : Girl!
That was a good tweet!
Too bad I can't retweet it tho cause your account private!
do u record any?
if you dont you may not need to but if you start, wow, its on then.
Good looks can help you in achieving your goals faster.
aight cool u good for monday night then
fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on this fool!!!
THX and THX for being a good friend to my sis.
the tweets commemorate the final flight!
Think astronauts will tweet from outer space?
They have a couple iphones after all...
Seriously, file in with the Patent office  then make  sell tshirts.
It will be a blast  I would buy 1.
Just thought of a hilarious tumblr page!
Hope you'll all contribute when it's up!
Wait Master P and the 504 Boyz did a song for Katrina  We Gon Bounce Back?!?!?!?!
SIGH
What's your favorite doctornk for brunch?
Mimosas, Bellini's, Bubbly?
Stop by all day today and try them all!
Happy Mother's Day
Gonna try refinishing and reupholstering a chair.
There will be filthy language involved.
didn't Mike Greenfield pitch during a marathon session once?
My pleasure.
I will be back to comment on the article.
Have some thoughts on the crowdsourcing idea.
's and 's version of Thinkin Bout You'  Got that on replay.
because you live in Syracuse
CanIBeHonestWithYou I'm in love with him, but fake like I don't.
FANTASTIC!!
Its my birthday and my besties have a whole day planned out for me!!
ahh Soexcited!!
:3
Hope the girls had fun on track day.
It's hard to believe how fast our kids grow up!
Listening to kiss fm ;
Thank you.
It truly has been a pleasure to know you the last 4 years.
Larry Blairs tips to reach his fortune from his own experience.
my apologies , what was I thinkin.
Hello tallia , how are you?
next week though ?
How come ?
Sorry missed uxchat tag RT : What would the group say are examples of excellent mobile UX that are in the market today?
So excited to go home and watch the WEC fights I TiVo'ed!
All these emails, statuses and tweets have got my expectations through the roof!
wahoo same here now I'm not alone
Sitting with You funny bb!!!
like it, but your arms folded makes me say no because it's unwelcoming :
get to work!
You bet!
Very interesting info!
I'm scared!!!
Trying out for pole vault!!
:O
used to work with a man from Tequila, Jalisco.
He didn't doctornk.
Love living in a little beach town where I can walk to my eye doctor's appointment from home.
talk talk talk ;pp
Yea!
Happy Weekend to me!
No work til Tuesday!
Road trip tomorrow!
Mothers Day Weekend!
Do you ever get that feeling when you know you shouldn't get so upset over something so little but you can't help it?
ESPNUGA HATERS.
it is really you or a hacker?
All registered cait wait to start painting ...
This is awesome
mine too....hearing them say Margaret was like ice water down my back
it's going really good today actually
RIP Ian Abercrombie :
Is actually sunny here today!:D
Hope tonight's news takes us closer to world peace.
OneEyed Mikes with Paul Murphy and Dan Lee and a serious bass ukelele.
I'd rather have a few true Friends then a bunch of phony ones 3
Seems like everyone is going to 's concert but me....
it's awesome when you mess with ppl hahaha
I told my roommate that Chuck Brown died , he was like who tf is that...I forgot he was from New York lls
yeah  it was an instant connection..me and btr..nn i remember sitting in front of my tv playing it over and over again..
Thank You for following me!
he is the columnist here in Orlando.
He has a call in show here in town from 6 am to 9 am.
You can listen on I heart radio
Tuesday ; closer to Friday .
just returned back after watching firefighters work on a fire at Satchel's Pizza.
not good.
I saw wicked when it first opened but I'm taking my mom for mothers day, it's her first time.
You should be glinda again!
oh......
That's uh....
Nice.
I don't think I've ever heard the word until I was like 13
There appears to be a massive ball of light suspended in the sky?
really ?
I'm glad you liked it xD
you're welcome ;
too cool for school :
Can't wait to be back home, laying out by the pool.
Feeling weird?
Go hang out at the Lubbock DPS.
Shaved head, goateed Obama would be badass.
Appreciate your response.
The Publican is an exceptional restaurant, which i visit as often as possible.
: Sick.
is that kind of an enormous glove for a SS?
Glove is too bad that his bat can't fit into his bag
: .
Better no jobs than lowpaying ones?
Wow!
Really?

will be killing it tonight
Working on a new song.
Thanks for an awesome yoga workout evening :

FIRE ALARM  Teacher: Okay people, single file line please..
Me: MOVE BITCH I'M ABOUT TO DIE.
I only order what you say!
If you want boneless wings, say that you way boneless wings!
Besides a grown as man ordering boneless wings
Meeting my whole family makes me feel Madea movies might not be too far off from reality
well his is the only one you need to remember
I could never leave this bed.
supertired goodnight 
Scarlet Passion by Henry Asencio!
Can't wait to see what else he sent us for the show next weekend!
peeled the banana
Yes, Nick.
They will be available after Sunday.
My dad's got first dibbs.
After that, first come, first serve.
Milwaukee, WI it is raining like Portland out there so let's get our doctornk on tonight.
Where are we going?
Live and let live.
gotcha Radiant One but I got more HAWK in me than DOVE!
And Hawks dine on serpents!
im jammin right now
Pretty new professorle pics!!!
his is cool!
RC CONCRETE LEVELING of AKRON OHIO amp AIRPLACO MUDJACK PUMPS  used cement mixer
I'm an idea personI am full on them.
Can i get a small  Hi  It would make my life :i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me'3
Played with After Effects Mocha for SFGiants commercial today.
isn't your xfactor audition today?!
Cleaning House
Good to hear.
Let's see how many people will do stupid stuff cuz Twitter told them to TypeYourNameWithYourElbow.
And then try to lick it.
Yo, spring ....
where are you?
like does she not know how she's making her self look?
wish I could make you my weather radio :
good look.
when everyone didn't have encyclopedia sets in their homes how did they do research?
Did you ever fake an illness to stay home from school?
Bring the whole family to Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 2 to celebrate Earth Day's 42nd Bday!
Arrive early for full participation.
Is it true that is going to be on Punk'd?
Someone is saying it is.
On the phone with Andoctorw and Sarah.
Talking about pick up lines.
Funniest niight ever.
Just got in trouble though fun has just been killed:
lol i jus had to chug that shit before my computer class
Sounds like you are in the right direction!
Only a matter of time before it starts rolling in.
Let us know if you need help.
10FacebookTips Guys if you have gf don't like or comment a girls picture if she's wearing thong /bra /half naked .
Trust she'll find out !
Why does Baylor uniforms looks like they are picking up trash later in kcmo?
safety dance!
Lol right!
RT : I think the reasoning for me not wanting kids stems from the whole 21 questions stage.
Like stfu!
Congratulations on the Facebook fans.
Great stuff!
Got addicted to instagram!
Noticed along with Punishment Park Netflix also had another Peter Watkins film: The War Game.
Another interesting film.
Category 27b winner is Patrick Dahl Chicago Blackhawks
Thanks for looking that up!
Now expect an influx of CaBi spead freaks EoTR.
May bump up ridership.
Celina Gomez, Olivia Newton John called, she wants, well she just wants you to stop making music
Find your favorite motivational quote and share it with us!
We've love to see what you find.
Oh yea, I'll be out there tomorrow
Awww.
That's probably the last one left.
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries  An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries  Firehook Bakery!
I am in the process of studio recording to complete the first of two albums.
I have spent over 2 years so far composing this music....
lol..don't hate..
I stay flexed for days..
Mondays suck.
Feel better with us tonight!!
It's our first night of APAP at the Kraine Theater!!
Like really........
There comes a time were you have to do it yourself you can't have babysitters your whole life.........
Hi Carol  been looking forward to connect with you here!
writer and
Saturated wit wack ass beats.
Where da swagg at?
Since my muffler fell off, I can't hear the tunes.
it was awesome, the last scene was just, well awesome
no I wasn't able to log in either.
I need my own copy now to shoot at something!
By 2015, half of all smartphones will ship to emerging countries.
No.
no.
I have NO words...
The first thing I thought of when I woke up isno we lost.
DARKNESS .
OMG fellas..Athena is wearing a sexy black silk doctorss with lace...y'all need to be here..TOC BAR.
112 Travis..OMG..ladies hurry up..
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all,Please.12
what a champ huh hahah
Holy jazz fundamentals test.
Basic Blues in extensions on piano, diminished scales, whole tone scales, and technique patters.
Oh my.
have fun babygirl!
:
Thanks darling
All that we are is the result of what we have thought!
Our thoughts are so powerful so choose great ones!!
Does this mean we have start putting Facebook information in our documentation??
Crazy.
Thank u!
I need all the inspiration
funny.
That's exactly her.
Ha.
Teaching her how to use mute function instead.
Forever Families: Adopted kids celebrate new forever families  YNN, Your News Now
I dont know my 5 year old should play on my ip this much but shes seriously perservering with things rather than quitting at difficulty.
Provisor 2007 Syrah is a steal at 18 a bottle.
This is a very bold  balanced wine that easily can be mistaken for something 3X the price.
Fascinating sachat topic.
Don't have much to add, but makes me think about SA Staff burnout.
IGNIS FATUUS album cover preview is somewhere on the MySpace page!!
Ain't No Rest for the Wicked
Wow Georgetown is the 3 seed yes!
Only 2 free books by RobertTuchman left!
Win them now with 25 cancer donation www.sportstacklescancer.com
Hope  we r upstairs near uholler when yr free
Preach.
RT : I miss having a twin XL bed, my feet hang off the end now
thanks for checking out my music...
its greatly appreciated!!!!
My aim to is improve Central Ohio one idea at a time!
sucks cuz 2012 Royals were real ass holes to the Sox when they made us their bitch this weekend
When the mind suffers, the body cries out!
i AM HUNGRY
whats the best iphone app for twitter?
i really mad that this clippers and grizzlies series isn't 22
Thanks for the RT!!!
Have a great wknd!
:
WhyDoIAlways let my feelings get the best of me?...
November 18th needs to hurry up!
Livin' the life.
It began as a wish and grew to a doable project, thanks to a few dozen amazing volunteers.
Really feeling the community!
IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!!
YOUR GETTING YOUR BRACES OFF TODAY!!!
YAY!!!!
Happy thanksgiving/ turkey day :D
REPPIN DA EAST COAST.
Lmao idk why but i love how nick says that
Humor helps.
Parents don't need to go this far!
SNL Chris Farley Livin' In A Van Down By The River  Matt Foley Motivational Speaker
Followers what's your favorite movie?
Mindless Tacos!!!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
JustRememberThat you should always be you
All we need is a Bonfire!
Welcome to the Broncos..
Do you think this Peyton guy can throw?
it's tempting
oncmeeting we need transparency on usability.
Challenge to the vendors
me without you is like shoes without laces, nerds with no braces, ASentanceWithoutSpaces, just incomplete!
4/4/11 3
Damn I can't wait to be a millionaire..
don't people stop your progress because they are not ready!!!
I can finally listen to a decent radio station now.
Omfg.
Englands radio stations are so shit this time.
Smh smh.
Is The Mittness actually a thing?
Though I suppose Mitt is easier to nicknameify than any part of Rick Santorum  DvL
I think Arya and Sally doctorper would be great friends.
We are a local business, and we support other local businesses and coops
Just got offered a very interesting opportunity here at work.
Gonna mull this one over for a few days.
Hm.
I'm a deleter nice to be here
Hahaha!
Thank you for brightening my day.
crunch, crunch, crunch
u do with tweets tho ;
Netflix just dumped every conceivable Discovery and Animal Planet show...so now you can watch titles like: Dark Days in Monkey City
did you all of them?
What are the odds that books would have words AND pictures?
: I believe it, :your gonna stab me but one more time what's your guys anniversary ?
Lol
Talking to my BFF on yahoo
It's official.
I need to move to Nashville haha and all in one place ?
Yes please.
Congrats to all winners tonight!
We also hope you were able to taste our wines being poured at the event.
The only possible ethic is to do what one wants to do.
William S.
Burroughs
Giggles while , CEO Punch!
Media demos new Punch!
iPad app .
Free and fun, cool interactive ad units.
KEEP US POSTED WITH UPCOMING DATES AND LOCATIONS AND too :
cool so you have the cable box that has both west disney and east disney :
go to sleep.
anger should fade away.
the floor in my bathroom smells like urine....
how often are you supposed to clean the poop closet anyway?
Has anyone seen Gainsbourg?.
Recommend?
Haha!
I don't use those emoji characters much because I feel bad for those who can't see them.
:/
TGIF goals for today: finish PR plan, special events plan, and go for a run....
ready set go!
I'm about to send a message to your gmail concerning booking.
Just giving you a heads up.
Just signed NDA's with UMD to share aquaculture technology and create a commercialization strategies
my mom just told me to put an easter basket out for the easter bunny........
Ask and our erstwhile WMN producer about the Soup.
Funny story.
Why r men scared of marriage?He say he love ne and want 2 marry me but there's always some excuse,so I can't wrong 4 movin on...
how was your visit to wisconsin?
:
You're gorgeous !
I think it's time to go to sleep ..I got to go make my money in the morning
CHMG we working hard in the streets AngelGE
Thank you 3!
Not many girls can rock the pink like that...
nice fabulous voice
Chick what's going on!!
How is Sydney??
SkiforSunshine this Friday !
8 items of nonperishable food will get you a day lift pass for 9am to 4pm.
New snow, great cause!
The skinny is my absolute fav!
Hard to find now that they have newer styles like the gwenevere
fly safe!
Any big super bowl plans?
RIP Dick Clark!
You set the bar Sir!
MT : Bully pulpit matters more than usual on this.
Presidential support could be a differencemaker on MD referendum, others.
Wushu reel footage in the can.
Tickets for Disney39;s Phineas and Ferb: The Best LIVE Tour Ever!
On Sale May 1 in Worcester at The Hanover Theatre
got her twitter back!
I'm more of a Belgian beer girl  Allagash Curieux  heavenly nectar.
Also infatuated with Lagunitas Bavarian Doppel.
Joni Brennan from Kantara describes Identity Consortium Ecosystem with governance buzzwords: scalable, flexible, clear, transparent
Wow bible you scary!
talkin bout monsters.
That is freaky cool  inserting artificial objects seamlessly into historical/still photos.
WILD.
need URL to see the rest...
It would be great if you can get the KY Clay Co boys, that just got eliminated off the Amazing Race, on the show this week.
At the airport with plenty of time to spare!
First weekend in Sept.
means everyone is moving...
which means the best dumpster diving and curb alerts of the year!
You dogging the Bears vs Eagles almost as bad as dissing Ryno for Cubs job!!!
Sorry, Kap!
Aww Shit!
Got A New Smokers Anthem On My Hands.
Going On The Mixtape!
Also Bout To Stop Smoking After I Release This Tape.
New Journey Ahead
I'm better, so much better now..
worst movie of all time...Max Payne.
I should have known with a name like that and never agreed to go to that free showing.
Big ups to thank you for all your time and efforts in the industry
iwonder what my prima will say
Q2.
Maintain the balance between letting others know you are looking for a job and seeming desperate.
I have work at 8 tomorrow morning.
:/
Four principles of LOD, 1Everything gets a name and we give them urls
I stand by what I said, whatever it was.
Seriously, Mitt Romney is an andoctorid built by aliens.
you have to come to CT!!
youll love it
If vibratory exercise burns an extra 100200 calories then I can expect to lose about 1lb per week sitting at my computer.
Catch Damon Millard  open mic 8 o'clock tonight  Milwaukee Comedy Cafe, 615 E.
Brady.
really looking forward to the tacos I'm having for dinner tonight.
gotta make the kiwimango salsa and some rice.
hope yall havin a good evening
very nice!
Anybody got any great chicken recipes they want to share?
If only people listened and acted always on good advice.........
Go Giants, because I could never, as a Steelers fan, root for the Patriots.
The ESPN guys think it was Bruce Irvin at 15.
Kendall Wright was another surprise.
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
oh I gotcha.
I wanna go there
Zeustek is hiring for pune office!!!
Skills: Web DesignWEB 2.0, HTML, CSS, photoshop Desirable : PHP, Flash Email me :
U live  u learn
Scott, thanks for joining us!
A much needed change of space/place.
Totally dig it.
Hey Sissy Have a happy and safe New Years!!
Give dad and mom and Sabrina lots of kisses from me and the kiddos.
We love u!
we are tomorrow at 5:30 and next tuesday at 6.
both free.
both full of delicious dance and brain food.
hick town?
Bahaha pineapple pineapple papapa paradise!
Xinger got the goods u asked 4...
Lucky charms...
:P
What's more troubling is that you don't know!
Everything still in the fridge?
RT : I may have just accidentally slept for 1 hr.

Thanks.
Keep em coming.
Oklahoma's D looks tired
How are you?
Any time.
Sup Nut...how bout u  me nigga lol jk
I'm so glad it bothers someone else as much as it bothers me lol
Thanks, Banks.
: You're one of our favorite artists!
hey!
If I may ask, where are you?
Just ordered take out and the guy gave me 3 forks.
I'm eating ALONE.
Guess its time to cut down.
eeeep!
I have a new kitten and shit, its cute AF
RT : Just had a great My Digital Life training with Rockingham County Schools
thanks, bro.
another mediocre QB?
That's annoying.
You could buy all the Burberry you want but you won't
Congrats to for winning Kalamazoo in singles and doubles.
On to the US Open main doctorw!
Love you!
Thanks for a great season.
The stairway to 7 begins again next season.
Steelers!!!
Thanks again for stopping by, Nick!
And a MILLION thanks for the immense talent of and !!!
Tuesdays just aren't my day
no but they're gonna match me the difference in price
sad to see yoga pants season end.
I haven't played yet but I got in fine this morning before leaving for work.
Everybody has me laughing this morning.
My body is so weak 
Thanks so much!
Glad you were able to make it for some of the conference!
Whiteboard, check.
Postits, check.
Markers, check.
It's Catalyst Caf on Gamestorming, 3pm  Main Library, in Childoctorn's Mtg Rm.
I'm going to raise the bar and set the Standard.
Good morning  Happy Monday!!
People say this is a hard day  we know it's a GREAT day bcuz we are led by PMA  not what other people say!!
Movie nite sounds like a plan.......
Great time at TEDxSD11 great minds, great people and great ideas!
The world IS within our grasp...now do something to change it!!
If you have Facebook, don't forget to enter our doctorwing to win!
We're giving away some great products!
man and you have the most beautiful soul.
You're perfect for me, I can't wait to spend forever with you!
3 Bootsie 3Rainbows3P.L.U.R.3
how do you respond to Andoctorid currently beating iOS in smartphone market share?
Also, hasn't Apple TV been a flop so far?
omg same:P
Team USA Ryder Cup
I wish I had a yoga mat in my office.
Not so much for yoga as for napping.
Ooh awesome  I will check out.
I Prefer Finesse Rather Than Obvious Bullshit
Even Stevie wonder say I see u nicca
Aw Anytime: 3
Fixing dinner then running at the Y
Porcello getting lit up like usual.
iplspring worst decision of the past 12 months  Fleischer Studios v.
A.V.E.L.A.
you heard it here first!
IDepends on the needed task for a lot of people.
Something in software, need it now, concepts at a time i specify
I heard of melatonin but am actually sick!
Lol.
Promise :
Planned it out already!
; I'm leaving my house at 9.
Oh and btw, you and me and walking to the PIT which is a block away to...
Same.
I've graded his test before ;P
no fucking time for seaweed I love Rhonda.
Malcom, thank you for connecting!
Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays.
Best, Matthew
Watched Nazis at the Center of the Earth.
Nazi zombies prepare to launch the new Reich.
Sucks a is unduly generous.
played some soccer this morning.
got a chill afternoon planned.
hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
So what does the Richmond mom know about the Nittany Lion?
Cheers Brune.
Apparently, that Amazon feature that pulls blurbs from customer reviews isn't showing for all customers.
Beta testing, maybe?
SKD photo shoot is done!
Time for rehearsal!
Learning a country routine tonight!
Woohoo!
Wow, the look of dejection on the United players is amazing.
Story about a man who beats up blind people.
And wins.
Thanks for the mention Deb.
Glad you like the decorated wine bottles.
look out world...
: Son: Dad you're about to go viral.
Dad: just wait till I start hashtagging
Great to hear speak about her success with at PRSSASDSU tonight!
Yay!!Documentary film class, exploring the human condition!
Working in the studio on a new piece that I'll be showing next week.
If the lakers lose a game: there's Haters If the lakers win a game: there's Haters STOP FUCKING HATING ON THE LAKERS!
i do not like to study
To Kill a Mockingbird is on USA!
So true!
After I ate a big bowl of rice, I spent last night watching the Knicks blow it and organizing my pinboard bookmarks and that was perfect.
eh doctornking and trying to make my friday night a little less sad.
and condensation on fancilynamed adult beverages
did u do the art work
get the fuck out here!
Andoctor  Clutch!
Good luck!
RT So excited.
My wife is a finalist for the San Diego Unified School District's teacher of the year!!!
Awesome interview with this weekend.
Love us some thoughtful public media.
Interview should be on the interwebs soon!
We're going to talk term sheet, oh yeah
Ravens' John Harbaugh tells 98Rock radio in Baltimore this a.m.
that Pats' Super Bowls r stained  discredited by Belichick's cheating.
u still on it?
You realize your knives are the only reason I still check luggage when flying.
I can't stand to reach my destination w/o them.
WAIT!
What's the exact time right now???
: Interns only right now.
RT : Hi thanks for contacting me.
Does this mean you want to hire me?
:
Me too!
About 2.5 years, I love it!
You?
just chillin in english post to be typin an essay haha xD
University of Love.
MAJOR: Godliness.
its gonna be well worth the wait tho
I'm going to San Antonio in June!
Sea World and Six Flags sounds great right now :
I need to talk to somebody.
Anybody?
yeah lol because it is here too so I was just wondering
thanks: sorry for the really late reply
me and three females in da corolla, bout to roll up, get my fucking dough up, say wudup my ziggens real quick
With my best friends of over 12 years, and , couldn't ask for better friends!
Reddi Wip  me  more time working out tomorrow.....
late night cravings!
Whats yours?
dear google person, thanks for showing the video we were going to show at our session.
RIP Nick Ashford
Category 24a winner is Comcast
I hate it when people act like they have the worst life ever.
Like, they're people who have cancer that are happier than you.
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're OK now.
Amtrak train is stopped with no power.
Doesn't look like i'll make it in time for the amazon keynote at 9.
A fruit is a vegetable with looks and money.
Plus, if you let fruit rot, it turns into wine, something brussel sprouts never do
With family and sickness and general insanity of my life, I haven't been able to keep up with Grandma, let alone Twitter.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
i liked last nite's episode of Glee.
It was goodthe single ladies dancing parts made me laugh.
Glee is an awesome show!
:3
Mo can't go out like this.
Guy is a winner and won't want to retire with an injury.
There is a dude walking around with his bluetooth headset just up and down the aisles talking on the phone.
Um, working...shut it!
talks shit like he's the coolest kid around.
Your heads a little bigger than mine
Hey everybody need a photo edited or a model to photoshoot, then follow on twitter and FaceBook
I know that's right !!
And then do interviews knowing I don't need the job.
Just really string off a toe fishing method of fining a job.
What you have to do w/ lowest common denominator TV/movies to try  be relevant.
All these dopey reality shows killed it
the new album ROCKS!!
: Finish this...
If I could turn back time I would:Learn in grade school that having a boy friend was not needed!
Unfolded a song request note a girl gave me last night  its on the back of a Craig's List ad for chihuahua pups.
RT : NowFollowing Zambia Hi from Livingstone!
What's up
Commit to growth readiness, commit to scale, build and be the consitutency: 3 keys to cracking the code on scale, says
NOT at nerdprom OR being a nerd by watching it on CSPAN, cause REAL nerds sleep so then case rise at 6am for a WV motorcycle ride!
Um..Joey..I hate to be the one to break this to you...But as a doctor,I've concluded your pizza has an inoperable tumor..
Student ministry room looks legit!
I love what has done with it!
If you are a student you need to be here April 18
tori and dean I 3 u both!
Watch the show and just read book 3.
Love love love you all!!
Thx for following: , , , and
RT Dear sneeze, If you're gonna happen, happen.
Don't put a stupid look on my face and then just leave.
Attempting to walk down Robertson Blvd without making any largescale purchases.
Wish me luck!
Love it!
RT : Come to the Purdue Airport this afternoon to wish the Boilers luck as they head to Houston for the NCAA Sweet 16!
Fanny Pak are leaving tonight.
i just kno.
I would cry if my brothers weren't in the room.
and so on and so forth is actually a nice name for a Beatles song.
Wonderful news...What are the details...All the best...
You can also sell your views to brands and advertisers
Been doing my own chronological viewing of Truffaut.
Would love see his work professorled on the show one day.
RT : BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO XsXeX
Josh Hamilton has 4 homers and 8 RBI's tonight.
Everything is cool man.
Just chillin with my lady.
You?
oh my gosh.
Yes!
It's cute to see them poke through but not so cute to hear screaming for days and nights in a row!
Good to go, see you at 1pm tomorrow!
Do you wanna do a tinychat with me ?
PLEASE :
Thanks for the shoutout!
thanks wade.
would luv to have you down in my Jazz Is a Woman course in philly

sometime/a couple times Between today and August 31st
just spent like 5minutes trying to get my hair out of my eyes just to release that it was my eyelashes i was seeing.....
yes it would!
And the awesome on vocals!
A doctoram jam!
Haha can u make it happen?
I'll play harmonica sing backup
Out 1st hand of 2nd 27520 of the day w AA vs 88.
Raised limper pre, got it in when he checkraised on 78K two suited flop.
Happy Thursday!
I don't know davidsimpsontx, but I feel badly for him.
Twitter thinks he's Similar to ...
FOR REAL!!
But for the record, no cats.
see?
ties in perfectly with tracy's TMI social media story.
Oh funny, and I were just thinking the same thing!
such a coincidence!
RT : Craving ice cream
Just checked the GDoc  wow.
So well timed for my summer of new media
How to get started?
Come hear Etgar Keret, Sonia Sonchez, Aleksandar Hemon, and David Harrington talk about the origin of ideas at...
God I love the Kane show!Kelly
sick story brah
Procrastination has negative effect on success in business  StandardNet
Just minutes away from a possible verdict in the Greene County church arson case.
Stay tuned.
Fox 27, CBS19
This new update is pretty legit!
:D
Hitchcock movies gave me unrealistic expectations of how hair should behave in a convertible.
Yes I'm so happy!
Gonna go eat sushi today3
The Kardashians got 40 mil for 3 years on E!?
And they say you have to work hard to be successful in America.
Yeah right.
Best askbilas question of the night by far
Is game design political neutral?
Can it be?
damn it lol
are we seeing you next week.
hahahahah I'm actually doing good.
Yeah, Rex says a lot of stupid shit
Daytimes mostly What's good for you guys?

can you please follow me ?
im a huggeeeeee huggeeeee fan of both of you
: There will never b another disco queen no shit, disco will never come back
Tour Kick Off's: TomorrowSohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, WedHydoctor Melody/Montauk, ThursWe The Granada.
Does this mean you're backing out?
: What do you call when 2 guys fight over a slut?
Tug of whore
well, I'll be in tampa the whole month of February.
Maybe we can all reunite then!
Congratulations on 3 wonderful years!
This band is putting me to sleep .
140 Characters Left 120 Characters Left 100 Characters Left 80 Characters Left 60 Characters Left 41 Characters Left 22 Characters Left ...
I haven't listen to How Fly in forever, but it's a deal.
Being carsick is the worst.
Maybe next time I will just pay more and take the train.
Alarm clocks are the worst fuck you in the morning
Fantastic day is complete.
Super excited about future opportunities.
hey u,what's up?
So who's starting at the 3 then?
Korver?
Butler?
that's what I told her too  Football fans are the worst!
Setting up for tomorrows hootenanny is s.
f.
I think MT means modified retweet, like some bits cut out to get under the 140 character limit
Walmart.
Where doctorams die.
Now following follow back :
everytime I put my phone in my pocket it vibrates because of your tweets.
A payment plan with the IRS doesn't mean you are out of the woods, interest  penalty issues, but you can see the tops of some trees.
I did get a tour of ASM inside.
I think I would find it to work with all the views of the outside.
ikr xD dude i almost died xD why kill me?!
What did I ever do to you?!
o:
Tonight!
Our first Friday Night Soul Review with Ben Carroll, Jeff Young, Kara Grainger, TJ Gibson, Worth and Aquile.
Be there  get some!
I went to rehearsal to day and I know my stuff but I think my Director makes me nervous because I keep for getting my lines
most likely brosiff
My patients are finally sleeping.
Amen!
ha!
Like 'the departed' and whitey bulger.
Can't wait to see y'all tomorrow.
Pretty sure the pledge program was probably abbreviated for him...
Why would you want to have more than one wife?
One woman would surely keep your hands full.
fave moment was when Kaylie gave you the page of her journal :
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A.
Montapert
stoked about finally geting a Duolingo invitation
So who's next?
A good day!
Had fun discussing reading  writing with 2 different, talented women writers  tomorrow is SLANT OF LIGHT event.
Great ending in PHI  Bulls struggled in late game situations including PG not knowing his personnel and transition defense off missed FT
i wasnt expecting to see the movie but literally begged to hav me watch Breaking Dawn with her.haha this girl
oh lol I got my white ones on
dont you hate when you lose followers?!
We have a 10/10/10 winner!
Congratulations to You've got yourself 10 in deal bucks!
DM us to let us know where to send it!
Tomorrow begins with readings by Andoctor Bagoo and Vahni Capildeo, ably chaired by the
Gahh..
so overwhelmed!!
I actually kinda like booking myself, I just don't have time to do it well!
I can feel opportunities slipping by...
tiger blood
onlyskinnyppl die from getting shot wit a 22 bullet
Does the rain stop your night game?
i was ab to say the same thing.
Check tweet from earlier.
People are stupid.
I'm glad you said so :
Yo Nofar how's it hanging?
Memorial weekend equates to the start of Summer in San Diego?
What about the gloom of June?
The weather is starting to get a little warmer.
Are you planning a Southern Summer Vacation yet?
Where to?
doctornking and doctorving aren't a good combo.
So wait, actual scientific research isn't a conspiracy!?
I used to be Self centered, until I met God and became God Centered 3
could webinar preference be due to wanting live, realtime human interaction?
I'm at 18 body fat Bitch.
I missed place your number btw...
Great to see your team on !
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Cuz u be whipped so easy
just tweeted your TED talk.
Thanks.
As a singer and as such as a healer, that was food for the soul.
:
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
American Shortcake
Oh my gosh, my heart just melted!
Rim to Rim to Rim.
12m gain.
You'd have kicked it.
When ur mentally n emotionally consumed with sumone......no one else that comes along matters or even phases u.
12.
Minutes.
Oh.
My.
Gosh.
Thx!
We love your SocEnt model  amazing what our communities will do when a simple model offers attractive benefits to everyone!
crown of leaves, high in the window on a gold morning
Followback because I own several of your ZUBAZ HATS.
Zubaz  Buffalo  match made in heaven
Hey!
We cant wait to see you tomorrow!
We are brand new!
Follow us!
Our old one got hacked!
Mayor Coleman on Ford Plant Closing: It's a sad day.
lol took mi test today lol with uhm mad they in there cooking like is dinner or sumn lol!
Go follow
Had a great time in Milwaukee, WI!
Next stop: Diamondjo Casino in Dubuque, Iowa!
Hope to see all my Collinators there!
are you putting SAYSOMETHIN on iTunes?: I really hope so it's amazing!3
Laying on my death bed.
Back home.
St.
Louis area...
southern Illinois.
Are you at the ISS Fort Worth Show?
If you are, stop by booth 342 and get 50 off samples.
Be sure to say hi to Tom  Mike!
I'm trying to download your music
audition for what??
Mustaches are so hot.
Ok maybe I will give it another try.
I am kind of a big bang theory kind a guy.
Luv that show
Lol this.
RT Every single tweet on my timeline is about Osama Bin Laden.
EVERY.
SINGLE.
ONE.
Its hot in Texas!
Bath time
point taken here comes more country
Got my tickets to !!
Woo
mkayy so obviously me and jordan dont get on here much is there anyone who might wanna be on the page to so it gets updated more?
We have word that late last night the lead group in Arnold's wilderness army met friendly local Canadians on the Dead River.
Let's meet up at stc12  I have a bunch of pals, like
A manhunt is on for the stolen baby Jesus Seriously?
A manhunt?
Perhaps, search would've been a better way to describe it.
just finished my bitches brew.
Respect.
cheer now HOLLA.
glad your daddy found it : see, no need to cry : but if its coz of happiness I guess its ayt hahaha lol : love yewww 3
I might give y'all a lil sneak peak Tom...
It was great to copresent with you!
: Thanks it was fun!
RT : we've been told by microsoft that FEZ should be up on XBLA at around 9AM PACIFIC TIME TOMORROW MORNING.
Jameson is probably not a solid dinner option.
PinkPost I am worthy of success
I want a 20 nuggets a mexican plate and a route 44 strawberry slush
Hi, dear friends, i just want to talk with somebody right now..
Can you?
Bobby's World my nigga.
you must be gettin' old!
Watching limitless till I knock
This is y I want to die :/
This is an and appreciation tweet.
why?
Why is he like this?
So much potential.
S/0 to my boo for all his hard work, dedication, and determination this semester!!
hardwork pays off, proud of you!!
I wish he understood how much I love him !
I can't wait until our baby is here .
Well goodnight love you .
/:
eggs smell
lln at some MB fans calling one direction gay.
is that your only argument?
m I love frozen yogurt !
S/o to the homie !
for making the shecangetit hashtag the topic of the night lmao!!
Girls cant pee in popcans.
it's not bad.
It's just like someone never listening to rap, and then getting really into MF DOOM.
Like, why not JayZ
website coming soon
Did Zumba for the first time last night.
It was on Xbox kinect.
I believe even the Xbox was laughing
Why should you be content with so little?
Why shouldn't you reach out for something big?
Charles L.
Allen
grateful for creative collaboration!
JACK is up to poetry again poems for the 99  Feb.
24  7:30pm  save the date, more details soon!
Also: Duh.
RT : Oklahoma Supreme Court: Petition to grant 'personhood' rights to embryos is unconstitutional 
No :/ Still sick so I'm missing out
happy birthday!
Signing off from the live tweet session for the night.
Peace, everyone.
Just returned from wine and grocery stores.
Taking on Ch.
4 of DACS, while the wine chills.
I loved the love shown PHIL as he departed!
ANDY you better bring it tomorrow!
nowplaying Papa Roach  Kick In The Teeth
watching Thunder Cats
Last class of Jesus Revealed tonight!
Has been informational and inspiring!
Great class :
Always smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM YOUR BOSTON COVERGIRL !
I LOVE YOUU 33
I ride the bus too and from school, if I miss it I'll just walk.
Me too!
Writerfriendtalk  pastries  wingback chairs  chandeliers...we'll have to go back someday.
Important skills for hum.
data cur.: Knowledge of interoperability and standards, metadata, markup, db design, project management
Watching my show
Philadelphia is weird, right?
That is really fun!
Do you have any creative plans for it?
Same old picture just a different frame, waz up wit u miss feelin urself lol ;?
What we getting into today besides money?
I might take advantage of this ATT unlock restore and set up my iPhone from scratch.
Seems like a lot of crap has built up over time.
Nearly 23, but who's counting?
RT : I guess after 22 years of living here, I'm a true rva er
Finally off work now let me listen to the rest of this game
don't forget to register in accordance to Megan's Law.
Hola cmo ests!
My last name is Rodoctorguez 9 most popular last name in the US.
I got more cousins, unless your a Garcia
Quote2SpinBy  Success doesn't go to who has the plan, it goes to the 1 who makes an action.
RT
I take ball control very seriously.
I have 9 sheets of Excel data 52 rows deep filled with ball handling stats.
DG!
Thanks 4 the follow!
We hope u have a chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success!
Im bored and hungry can anyone fix this!!
I do not approve of all these commercials for pharmaceuticals.
This tweet will not cause liver disease, nausea, or painful erections
Come on cancun 
It's Gotta Be You!
ONLY YOU!
:
Mom just played the word cheat in Scrabble which would be ironic except it's not.
Been sleep since 4:30 now i got stupid energy
I need to figure out my life like ..
Now.
Wow, my arms are so tired I can't even write at the moment.
Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you're ready or not, to put this plan into action....
RT : My band is playing tonight at Fucifinos in pompano.
If you have nothing going on come check us out for a great night of rock!
U.S.
shoppers spent a record 52.4 billion during the Thanksgiving weekend.
Retail sales climbed 16, and shoppers spent 398.62 on average.
i hate when that nxgga is in his feelings...
Remember that happiness is a way of travel  not a destination.
Goodman, Roy M.
Nothing in life is promised, except death.
Is it possible to get Latino in America on DVD or VHS?
We have an instructor that needs it in the classroom.
Thanks.
thanks for that!!!
xo
/// I knew Wade was gonna be the fuckup.........like always.
Should so be in bed right now but eh it's Friday!
I'll be cute!
So more will  grace it is
no i didnt!
But yes!
:
Did they say why?
Seems to me that LMS and tech go hand in hand.
Don't count out Fins with the Beast.
you know what's annoying?
biking north into 30mph north winds.
Stoked to be with Nick  our first comedy show together.
Aight, AishaTyler, ya better bring it!
We need to laugh
Just discovered Bread Corner Inc.
with Absolutely delicious Asian inspired pastries  both traditional and modern!
Enjoy the off day!
Eat right!
Be ready for Saturday!
You girls rock!
Ohh I hope not:/
that's good....
Hopefully it won't be cold, or raining
love the new avi!
U should rename ur handle to
np carly ray J.
'call me maybe'
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
nice to meet you in person tonight.
:
I just found out from that you were here today.
Sorry I missed you!
Anyone using Buffer for tweet scheduling?
Love that one!
np favoritesong Somebody That I Used To Know  Gotye
The movie 2012 is going to be really funny when we are all watching it in 2013
Pleased that I just got twitterspam of: somebody is making nasty things about you.
They made dioramas about me?
Handkerchiefs?
Collages?..
Yep, dealing with this issue in the Archives lately, for an outdated format, it sure is everywhere
lmfao I didn't know you cared for the nba
The objectively observed universe is only part of an inconceivably vast system of worlds.
Which is not to say they exist somewhere else.
Sending out marketing information for new book released Her, through turnermaxwellbooks.com.
Time consuming!!
According to the comments on the piece, promotion  mktg in WI has been light.
What would that mean for balt.
race?
We're open for lunch, come by!
Is anyone else excited for dancemomsmiami tonight as much as i am???
:
Last episode of The Office involves a Jim prank gone bad.
Last shot is a tearful Jim  Pam as he's sentenced to death for killing Dwight.
LOVE the twibbon!
Thanks for posting that!
Thanks for the follow CHITOWN!!!
YID rehearsal flow
If I sent you an application to be my Boo, would you fill it?
CANT SLEEP.
Wah.
Looking at TV
new Albany!
U knw the area?
During our weekly Business Meeting today, we got to see the Discovery Shuttle fly by our conference room window, twice!
Very cool.
Good Morning!
Let you day be filled with purpose and faith today!
Has the Internet figured out which 80s toys the other GOP candidates represent?
As a kid who played with Etch a Sketch, I'm curious
He said Uncle Freddy Died!
RT : Uncle Freddy didn't die.............
I call my friend nick, nickyballz and he's like why do you always call me that!?
And he goes don't even tell me...
ICONicBoyz?
We look forWARD to seeing you  celebrating!
how does a picture of a chicken equal vegetarian?
glad you liked it
i totally agree...
how is the writing going?!
Wigginton just smashed the bat into the ground like I have done with my sand wedge on a bad shot.
Second meeting of the day starting soon.
We'll be talking about A/V grants.
Sweet!
Thinking Oconomowoc area.
I may even try to rig one of the flamingos onto the kayak!
:
Trying to jailbreak my phone..
3 days til i'm in da ville of NICE!
less than 72 hours....
ugh
At MCO airport.
Policy: cannot sell gum at airport.
?
RT ND bound!
You better come see me and tomorrow or we'll cry!
And hate you forever.
happy mothers day3 i love you mommyy!
yourthebest :
OH WOW....
TeamAdam all day, all month, all year!
Happy Monday to you too!
Hope you have a great one!
I have something really fun to share tomorrow that is completely unrelated to my atheist, interfaith, or LGBT activism...
Stay tuned!
:
Won 3200m relay by like 2 laps!!
Scary movie night with Nicole,Hopebridey :
We are at the north end of Ocean Beach at the northern most firering.
look for the vball net :
Could be an interesting week 4 Peyton and Payton
summer!...July 9th i think?
wbu?
You wanted to see a game winning doctorve from him with 1 min left, that just happened
Today's Q: what are the vendors of challengebased learning ?
Does CBL engage students by making the Problemsolvers?

CONGRATS TO YOU  WISH I COULD BE THERE..!
Don't beat up up too bad, I'm just a sales guy.
dude from Lenovo to me at tablet showcase lmao
I'm sure I wont convince you otherwise but Chris is an independent, one of the big reasons I took the job.
I'd like you to be right, my raison d'tre is to create and sustain a platform for others creativity.
future  me?
Let's do this!
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas Alva Edison
Why Did I Get Married on BET
215 : ...made my weekly weight goal this morning.
Wasn't easy this week.
215 is a decade low weight.
Thanks for the advice; I've been wondering what the best way to end my gov't airport massage would be!
Me too..
Hm  not near SLO, huh?
Seems like they've got a little bit of funk, being a university town.
Black people only remember unofficial holidays and new shoe releases lol!!
What's your question?
Oh my god that thing isnt even human
keep tissues handy
tryouts tonight..
she thinks im you
about to go out to the lakehouse with JiM :
Will Reference Survive, Thrive, or Take a Dive?
Foreseeing Opportunities  Challenges
I know how to treat his heart, I know what he likes.
I know how to talk to him, I know how to make him smile and scream.!
Lol latenightlove
how would you react if you got a text message from me right now?
Coming Soon: Distribution of The Trilogy.
Who will it be?
Rewards to the victor...step right up.
Watching nottingham beat london welsh.
Well played.
Don't forget...
Casper Ware will play in the NABC AllStar game tomorrow in NOLA.
Will be aired at 10am PT Saturday on TruTV.
i love you to the moon and back Scotty3 if you tweet me that would be great :
Watching workaholics trying to avoid the inevitable, work tomorrow.
.
.
Oh the irony.
i'm secretly a lucky charm that you never knew about
Really man....
I'm playing hide  seek with the kids right now  they'll never find me, because they aren't old enough 2 doctorve or get into this bar.
Sleeping forever, night all x
TIger missing the cut???
is it real or am I in a nightmare?
I'll look for it RT : I expect fried air this year.
You know, like that fancy bottled air from...
Home....gonna watch the tca :D
Chewy crazy self always singin
Zoo time!
Then biz meeting.
awee my baby natalie is crying :'
Why did say I can't believe they just did that?!?!?
Public speaking is the art of diluting a twominute idea with a twohour vocabulary.
Evan Esar
I'm one leg rest short of paradise
Prepare For The Worst., But Still Praying For The Best.
LilWayne John
its been a year since you followed me ah maybe i can get you to favorite one of my tweets today 3333
RT kufeltfgs4 As a Christian any sacrifice you make is small compared to the
How 'bought them O's!
RT : Undefeated in May: Orioles beat Yanks, 50 in The Bronx; Arrieta strong; HRs by Wieters, Markakis
lmfao i don't even know what i was writing lmfao.
what time do you wanna print?
follow me xoxoxoo
2nd Saturday!
Lets do this!
Come see what the firestonedistrict is all about!
You wont be disappointd!
Someone should start a bank like that.
If you want our FREE Parenting CD on Raising Superkids please leave us your addoctorss by sending us a message!!!
Thanks!!!
..yes Oritse, that phot and look of yours is so disciplined looking, am i Allowed to say 'good looking' for a 'straight' male.
Webinars are usually considered distinct from virtual events but are often mentioned together.
Thanks for the interest!
I am so in love with heath slater
now I am!
Thanks!
Looking for Records professorssionals w/ 3 yrs of Documentum exp for a position in the DC area.
a sweet tea and an L is the ultimate cure for a hangover
Who's in the audience tonight at STDOAWTYGRFN???
Check in with
I just want to sit on his face.
All the Seniors are having doctorma with they're friends now...
30 days before we graduate.
RT : bbcsum12 J Salter: wireless gr8 if want low reliability, bandwidth, higher .
rural areas need fiber.
Wireless for mobility
TWEET YOUR FatTuesdayMemories today!!!
We enjoy them all LAST1stFatTuesday  Antigua
Obama warned u RT : its the 15th and I didn't pay my mortgage yet, I BlameATMs those bad ATMs
I enjoy writing on my iPad and while I've thought about connecting a bluetooth kb to it, I've always shied away due to bulk.
big brother couple needs to go!
everyone follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it  FOLLOWW  LEiLASWAG GO EVERYONE
Yep  every day 5 days a week for a total of 36 treatments.
30 treatments to go.
Thanks Make sure to come out Wed, Friday AND Saturday this week.
Friday nite is Neon Nite wear Neon  getin FREE!
Interesting announcers were so quiet when Trumbo went yard.
Don't they know about Trumbombs?
FREE COFFEE TODAY  PEETS TREAT!
TODAY ON CHRISTMAS EVE DEC 24TH YOU CAN GET A FREE CUP ON COFFEE.
THEY ONLY ASK FOR DONATIONS IF YOU WISH
In skool, but already ready 2 get out of skool nd I'm late, diz go b a borin day, DAMN
from who??
i know, and it will get you good experience, but in 9 months you are out for another job  how does that serve the community?
I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian tonight 711 in downtown Orlando Florida with Susie Parks and Connie Fay
Is not feeling the donate to Barack Obama because it's the FLOTUS's birthday.
Backatcha !
Thanks for including us on your great FF list of EduTweeps!
Service at Friendly's wasn't that great tonight, but if that's the worst thing that happened today can't complain.
So...
In conclusion fck everyone that don't tip 18 and over.
Fckn cheap bastards!!!!
Doin it my way no more our way
Sure.
Where is she?
Grindin like a space case
Never Say Never one year anniversary!
It's been one year since you've changed my life.
Feel free to check out our recent projects on Facebook or Google.
Search Barrientos Design  Consulting, Inc.
Thanks!
All hail, workers of the world!
It was so great meeting you today!!
Thank You!
Your awesome!
Love the book.
Pickup lines from business men are laughable.
Especially when they're ordering flowers for their wives.
Tacky.
Can't wait to see project on Saturday and in Indianapolis Star with story.
Thanks for the follow!
Love your name.
Peace.
Roll up
RT : we have this kind of friendship in which i call you bch and you call me slut and we are still best friends!!
We have the blind leading the blind, and fools leading the fools...smh..we are running in circles instead of a straight line
Bama Is about to Stomp LSU!!
Lets Go:
....
You understand me everyone loves them and they're saying ICONic Boyz suck...smh.
I'm right there with ya!
good morning
That is way too vague and way too wrong!
Surrender 16 vs 9, 10, A, or a 15 vs a 10 only, when dealer stands on all 17's.
: Listening to my fave He sings me to sleep every night!
u no they say I sing like him rite haha

: All of these antiscience GOP candidates go to faith healers when they get sick instead of seeing medical doctors, right?
Words of inspiration ..
Your only as slow as the next person.
Browns still have no goto receiver.
How will Weeden fare better than McCoy w/ no threats?
Nor am I talking about trance.
I mean a different sound than that, a big sound.
Ha!
Yea1thing Bert is NOT in need of is a PR man.
He is walking PRthat is a good thing.
Might b president 1 day.
Still 1of
Come unto me?
Okay then.
I come w/ chocolate on my face  toilet paper stuck to my shoe.
I crawl, I stumble, I hobble, I fall.
But I come.
Oh snap!
I didn't even think of that!
Maybe you'll run into him : I think you'll enjoy his tweets.
TSA showed me a new feature for my yearold Reef sandles today...
A hidden compartment.
I had no idea, but sweet
Yes, the artist is and she had an instillation a few months ago at the design center in WEHO.
Thx 4 thkin of me.
I love pushing the elevator door back open on someone who was too rude to hold it.
THEY ARE AWFUL HELP ME
she wears her red sweatpants on tuesday.
she keeps her hair chin length.
her dog wears sweaters when it's cold.
Who's got a good lawyer joke?
Happy Friday 13th tweeple I hope that black cat does not cross your path.
Have a great weekend unless you already made boring plans.
True or false: sitting too close to the TV or staring at a computer screen can damage your eyes.
Omg talking to my mom, and I went totally Australian when I was talking the accent snuck up me out of no were!
so much fun to meet you ladies at the GBK AMA gift lounge this past weekend.
Hope you enjoy your gifts Kerry
A Bigger Point of Pride  You Me  Everyone We Know
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.
Albert Einstein
Sipping a Dubhe, as the UVM men finish off Bobby Knight's spawn.
Thanks for this one it's delicious
Thanks!
Maybe it just hasn't come through yet.
I have received all of the prior emails without a problem.
You dont just wake up successful.
You have to work for it.
Tepper's Appaloosa back into big banks, tech in Q1
up in computer class xD
totes jelly.
I'm ready for an adventure!
Stealing this.
RT :
Spending the morning locked in with my baby son.
Running out of ideas.
And he's starting to notice....
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein
welcome to the madness that is big blue
Top End Terminator Titanium Wheelchair Reviews  off road custom ...
you still got the same number RT : i aint get it lol
Sitting at Pollys waiting for breakfast.
Taking a long time.
And the start to a long day is now
Pretty sure he's called Big Ben b/c his name is Ben and he's big.
Had nothing to do with a Hail Mary pass.
Hey can I get yours and Taikis number I got a new phone.
today is my birthday April 29
I have a tattoo idea in mind.
I've decided that if I still like it by the time I turn 20 or 21, I'll get it.
we will make it there one day 
Come on people lets play follow the leader im the leader now GO!
:D
Boston is just 2 games out of the wild card right now, and the leader is Baltimore.
That's the Orioles.
I think the Sox are going to be ok.
Wow what a great fight!!
When people propose contests at work I have to wonder: Are you not working as hard as you can already???
Had a lovely evening at the New England Conservatory on Sat.
It reminded me what I love about the human race.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity.
The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Winston Churchill
So Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, meaning 6 more weeks of winter...plenty of time to launch a new website before it starts warming up :
LUKE BRYAN IS SEXY AF.
YOU'RE HIRED!
It ain't matrimony, it's macaroni
Hahaha!
Go Cats
Thank god for dvrs and starting late.
Zzziiiiiiiiippp...there goes the singing and dancing shue!
thanks for stopping in to refuel after your mountain bike ride!
hi I'm home too:
bay my phone is off so when i get off work ill try to call you from brittany phone be if not ill call you some how bay
Well the time has come for me to call it a night.
Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight  God Bless.
I cannot handle this.
It is really soon, but unless a movement against teams is done, I don't see this reversing.
I think teams would've been ok year 2
In one week you learned about doctorwSomething  the Hunger Games.
By next week you'll be buying the Star and watching TMZ.
That's really a shame.
Takes a wonderful idea and turns it into mass frustration.
When abortions were illegal illegal abortions were done
Another Scorcher!
Play it safe and cool off at the Arcade at Fantasy Island.
20 off all merch.
from 12  3 p.m.!
did you get your phone back?
buy buy twitter people.!!!!!
I'm going for a walk.
This beautiful night can not go to a waste.
I want to recreate the monkey squeezebox  nascar crop top scene when I'm home in May
there is no way i'm taking this school day seriously.
that deserves a retweet.
surprised me by ordering new carpet  paint for my room!
So glad to be rid of the ugliest green rug.
Also, best mom ever!
Let's all doctorw pictures on the free response part
thanks buddy  you're too kind.
I think you're a pretty swell shooter yourself
I think that is the opposite of sick.
The world sees everthing backwards or upside down!
Yeahh: So Today I was walking in the commons and he turns.stares at mesmiled so BIG: That's why I complimented his smile:
Gettin Down To Dj Blend Omg Went To Down Town Riverside And Had A Blast Got So Fucked Up And Have A 3 Sum With Two Guys First Time Ever
It was the usual boring got up went to the store watching adam richman and then ghost adventures then going to bed
where at
hmm.
The politician's story is changing.
Seems to be some smoke here, and you know what they say about smoke : cc:
And librarians love that you love library day so publicly.
:
can't wait to find out the winner!!
Communicating flis outside of LIS.
Step 2  Establish authority, legitimacy, voice, empowerment and representation.
Chicago out west
Hope the brewers have something else planned, Gonzalez cant hit either
S/o to local entrepreneurs making it happen
p.diddy stills rap ?
The Orioles held the Yankees to two runs or fewer for three consecutive games in the Bronx for the first time since 1978
sure!
If your not already follow my other account please!
This WBWednesday, we congratulate 9 women who are paving their way to new lives as homeowners!
Tomorrow, Patterson Park, noon, be there!
well i go on spring break next week gurl so ima hit up then.
If you are going to see Bieber tonight, make sure you see it in 3D.
Eyes need a shield to protect them, like the Gallagher tarp
ah fuck that actually, we owe YOU guys shots after that show.
Really great.
We're at Rasselas across the street...jazz and shit
Today we are at 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood from 11130.ckn n dumplins,roast beef,bbq ckn  so much more.
May God bless you all!!!!!
So long as there's Fox 'news' I guess this is needed.
Boy are we a bunch of educated ones.
Not.
cause now the focus will be more young justice not jla also didnt u love sb sm now are like cool now
is run towards my goals
Save me!!!
HAHAH well u better tell all your nurses to wheel in another bed and stick a few of your IV's into my arm..
Hi and thanks for following us.
We love all things Brooklyn!
Hope to be of service to you....Linda :o
third grade kiddo: i wish i was a caterpilar.
Busted a mad mission with castro and salvador!
We lost salvador!
Ahah
Recycling centers/scrapyards have to be in the running for the top 10 in places you can doctornkonthejob on the down low.
RT : I want to say something clever about Honey Hole but I can't come up anything more clever than honey hole.
You did a good job hiding your protein, just so you know.
ff Check out for a bottle of Mt Hermon Red, Reserve Malbec, or Silvae Monastrell.
Im L3G!t
Happy 2011 to you too!
Still rollin along.
Had a very productive day now I'm chillin with my doctornk, trees, and some throwback Jagged Edge CaliLife SWAGG  XavierLT.
com
Will send an update when I get it done, probably tomorrow
Thank you!
Hope you are as well!
: And no problem!
i am not getting them :
totally agree.
is 9 foot tall and only talks about farming.
Did you know Bo had a full back tattoo of an eagle and doctorgon?
I'm about simplification of the sound ordinances too!
You can vote for Toby AND Kris Bailey!
thanks jason!
some of my favorite tools, stickies and colored pens.
they help me think through design more than computer screens.
hahaha wishfulthinking also moderately disturbed by how dependent I am on technology now
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so.
I Love San Antonio city: now more 'cuz I know that its there:D
I just might go to Central Park this afternoon, the weather is so nice.
Eat a hotdog, sit by the fountain, read.
what's yer phobia?!
Ahaha.
I have pictures of doctorke on my wall.
Labeling the Google Docs folder that holds all the wedding stuff Shindiggity has really helped me keep pretty cool about this whole thing.
GM have a good day
You better quote Mitch Hedberg RT : I feel like the people who hand out flyers are really saying, Here, throw this away for me...
missingmilwaukee day 21: the RiverWalk on a sunny day
Mine  misterRojas conversation RT Why are you late to class ?
HAHAHA bro, you're lucky i came to school !
i hope its not just coincidence and they really have some zombies or what they will be known as VOMBIES!
Porcupines are fighting inside my mouth!
the park ranger is sending me to another zoo..If you've ever had a toothache this makes sense2you!
That was some ugly winning.
But congrats to Roger!
Realize I never gave final score in Writer'sArtists softball game.
Writers Win, the Writers Win...1612
Death by brownies...
When I ask if we can have tonight to ourselves and you ask me what I want to do  you don't invite people over.
Love watching the tweets about tonight I had no idea you all knew each other already!
That is great!
Tonight will be FUN!
have fun!
Lmao lazy ass...well tonight girls free tonight at republika
the oldie or the newbie?
thnx for following me bcki know i was getting annohk g but i cant help t ur cute
interesting angle.
I was thinking laziness or very poor planning
Never trust someone who cries while aiming a gun.
fail 
We like emails.
Looks like we might have some big plans coming up....
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up
I think I might be you :
Greek neoNazis win 20 seats, eight European countries now have extremists in parliament
Can You Follow Me For My Birthday Plz Plz Plz  Say Happy Birthday To Me ???
Proper assessment is key in reaching your health and fitness goals.
Knowing  understanding point A will only help you reach point B faster.
bud, you're a stud.
IM the info.
It's super cool that 's tweet again.
Thanks a lot.
That's ballen!
Happy New Years Everyone!
Stay awesome and safe!
:
omg, i'm gonna kill sammi.
the hoe.
leave ron alone.
im getting an iphone!!!!!!
great Tweet Marty, excellent to see this ...
how many from China ?
RT : Yeslet's keep up the American doctoram where every family can send their kids to college!
see u at on Sunday night oh mysterious one.
put me on your list for the show tonight if you can.
it smells so good in here...what are you doing for dinner?
Come see the new location and taste some of the yummy dishes we have cooking
YES!!
I was telling another girl from Essex yesterday that you all should start a new trend over there!
Better late than never
haha you only have 50 followers
Sure!
I watch it every year, it seems.
ooh I hate that!
Current job had that too and four interviews total!
Crazy
: I'm on a seafood diet, I see food, and eat it.
the weekends fly by so quickly
Happy Monday Tweeps!
Anybody have any good kitchen stories to share from this past weekend?
Dear , while I appreciate the MN mention on , Lake Bemidji is NOT the Mississippi headwaters
Snapping at least one hair tie a day in half.
I certainly did not get my fill of Cadbury Cream Eggs this Easter.
: I'll have to perform better next year.
I guess one question is what do you think about the concept?
: Too modern for my taste.
It should fit into the community better
Did 3 miles on the treadmill come downstairs and step brothers is on 
Quite possibly.
Eep.
IDK if I should watch or tonight decisions decisions
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless.
Bill Watterson
when fan accounts have fan accounts.
You get a way better workout running to and from the gym not to mention a lil tan 
Just out of work hearing about Rose!
Tore my ACLhad surgery,heart goes out when I hear about someone else.
Hope a speedy recovery!
Thank you for the tip
If you cross me imma get some PayBack!!!!
are you here yet?
Boy: Wanna have sex?
Girl: My doctor said I can't have sex for 2 weeks.
Boy: What did your dentist say?
During sex i scream my own name.
MLIB
Oh god, watching lawyers try to comprehend addition / subtraction in Contracts was excruciating.
amen to that one!
Harry Neale...But I think Rob Ray does a good job Does anyone know less about a sport that they played than Rob Ray does??
Learning to value empathy, responsibility, and doing without asking.
I love you too baby 3
Two exams tomorrow, paper due Tuesday and I'm laying out by the pool
About to get some before work
TOUCHDOWN VEGAS!!
thanks have an amazing weekend!
In for a long day of homework and college essays..
i just moved back, and with the acception of this weekend.
seattle has not been very friendly.
:
I got you!
Following!
Hi do you have anymore tickets for Marco Carola ?
See Dell Social Media Listening Command Center to see the conversations unfold LIVE at
hey, what do you think about going to thatcamp in chicago?
wanna apply with me?
team topic?
i gotcha do da same and check my music out on my professorle feat guccimane e class and tumtum
yeah, Carnegie Mellon University  starting in January.
I'll see y'all over there!
welcome to my party
got to attend a tea party today!
Thanks to the lovely kids that I am nannying for.
I feel privileged that I received an invite!
The worst week I have ever had
Nahh it's alright
you've picked div 3: The scientist: the power to be analytical, and highly employable.
and what would you give up in return?
sleep
You can catch me in the cherry red 150.....Pun
revised: stuck in traffic b/c of obama's motorcade; ironic since i'm in boston, not dc
Lifes what you make it so let's make it right
I can't figure out the monster : 
Well, I hope mine does your mom's version justice!
I use the same recipe my mom used.
Get involved.
Urge your community and church leaders to provide services and greater support to struggling families.
: Question of the Day: What are you letting go of?
Fear and having an investment in a specific outcome
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what's going on in my life right now..
I love how my name is now being used as a verb : 3
Got it!
Thanks.
Will take them to the post office today!
:D
Good times :
Id like the megamillions to roll over just once more.
It'd be cool to see the jackpot hit 1 Billion!
Lotus Flower Bomb
I still need to change my bio as well!
haha.
life as a college graduate.....
I just wish that you will Someday notice me.
:
Watching thesongremainsthesame.
They didn't write songs, they created beautiful musical compositions.
At ucf English Symposium listening to doctor Sonia Stephens describe why fungi are a good metaphor for writing process.
Pretty neat.
Aww shucks  thanks for connecting with us!
Me too, friend.
Me too.
I miss your face.
We should talk soon.
RT I want your Pacers to beattheheat so bad!
I don't need your civil war
if thats love calling, take a message!
make that ass boucne
an ASA roundtable?
I don't think so, but congrats!
downloading 500 MB of Hanna Barbera Cartoon sound effects because fuck you that's why
yes, massively.
Why am I in sears and why is the summer set playing?
On what That's what's up how long you gone be here
Humid weather 
FF Thanks for the RTs and Mentions!
Agreed.
Only time VoIP takes time is when user moves from branch to branch.
Most of my time is with the online banking system.
That might be what I have to rely on this afternoon.
Especially since I've got reference duty.
it's true he should have come out w/it before...
but I am still very happy he chose to do so
Description: Seeking participates for a large focus group to be held midJuly
thanks for your support and RT!
Evil runs on pasta.
: hee hee She's only a little evil actually.
: Any more growth spurts  she'll shoot past her older sis!
True point!
:
My phone sucks.
Omg.
Spending 200 on a family of four to eat and not leaving a tip.
Very nervous to start my new job.
I just hope it doesn't suck as much as the last
You like a nigga wit a blunt and no lite, you sparking shit, yall toilet paper mouth type niggas stay talking shit!!
hootfest2012 Teenhoot thank you everyone for sending the links to so many talented artists to be considered for Hoot Fest.
:
Just had a table of 15 special needs adults
RT : Take a moment from your busy day and just dance.
hearthappy Yay!
Needed that dance break!
:
swag winter is what i'm gonna name my band once I learn music/meet musicians
Having 2 tests on the same day will never be easy ughh
NFL network's doctorft coverage is legit
You're full of beans, birthdayboy.
Between watching the Apprentice, the Oscars and political ads a guy could end up in an altered state of reality...beam me up Scottie!
i had the most intense doctoram ever :'
GUYS ASK ME SOME QUESTIONS SEND ME A  ILL ANSWER ANYTHING : DO IT
I've been great missing Dallas like crazy...
You?
The heart of hypnosis doctorking's snippet of info
Thanks for the help.
James, Talent Showcase Radio.
moverslongisland available at Your request!
Affordable rates, professorssional crews!
Always a great experience with Movers Long Island!
Do you have tigerblood?
agreed...it depends on the situation.
Maybe I'm just a little wary of attributing happiness to money at all.
It makes me sad.
it's against his religion.
duh.
: Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Oscar Wilde
Got my half marathon packet
me too.
Let me put on some music, shower and sleep!
Done studying for the night!
Actually excited for Halloween this weekend!
going out with my gay husband and friends downtown :
Heavy is the head that wears the Crown 
he got hurt in the Carolina game
um now....
you text me, that is how this works man.
:
Just another blow to make me feel less worthy.
It's fine.
I'll be alright without you.
HOLY FUCK!!
This Man City game was amazing!!
Congratulations after 44 years they have won!!
Holy fuck the fans have ran on to the field!!!!
The conversation in my morning meeting...you don't want people coming twice do you?
FF , host of GrindandThrive.
Such a great show with amazing interviews!
Love it.
Sometimes this can be a more costeffective choice, depending on where you rent from
RT : She has a booty though.
Im a ass lover myself.
3
Hip hop squares!!!!
WE CAN MAKE IT SHINY AS HELL hugs phone
well said.
rents are going up because banks are not lending.
ImA mountaineer maniac
it's not easy being cheesy!
pop
thanks for the cutest picture ever!
Thanks for the follow
Guys dissapoint me !
i donnt understand your reason for cheating when you have an amazing girl in your life.
Smh.
come back to buffalo
woah...
lol sorry.
Wow, u guys waited forever, n they never came out?
:l they probably left through another door.
that's what I thought!
The first ride I had I went to Sandia peak.
It was a bad idea.
thanks for the trail info.
Cheers!
This week is fabulous.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Elbert Hubbard
More or less severe and prolonged
Today we are filming the candlelight vigil scene.
If you are interested in being an extra please email
I really do love our LA listeners!
Hit us up sometime and tell us what you think!
.
Sorry just now responding...for Dan Rather b/c he was in town to speak.
Not sure why Garfield Park.
Doing tons of homework on a Sunday night.
Shame on Culver City for having zero sales people on the floor.
Thanks to Roger who eventually helped me with my new tv!
:
Join ChrisDave promotion tonight  tru.
Get on our list
Judge me if you want but I will be seeing in concert as so as he tours again!
im just trying to make music...
no I like my job.
I just wish I was scheduled another day duh
Awk moment when ass workouts don't make your ass bigger.
thanks for the names!!
coming to now!!!!
KU played much better than I expected.
Mizzou too tough at the end.
Can't wait til they meet up at The Phog in 3 weeks!
gives ibuprofessorn i am too accident prone.
:
Many people die with their music still in them
I want ice cream so bad.
Whit.li magically divines your psychosocial professorle.
What does your social networking say about you?
Find out at
glade i made it to see 18 gotta thank the lord for keeping me!!!!
woo hoo!!
Thanks for the follow.
Would def be interested in learning more about your company!
Tonight on ABC5 News at 6: We talk with the DSM man who was accidentally shot in his chest while playing a game in his apartment last night!
Teaching class, ran into a PIT performer crossing the country on bike performing Shakespeare.
He sat in on class then I watched his show.
You had them?
:o girl your crazy!
TY so much !!
Who knew we were so famous?
The Dolphins have started 16 quarterbacks since Dan Marino retired
if u wanna fuck on me u gotta suck on me....
Heading out to find Lawrence the homeless artist on the streets to deliver  install recharged wheelchair batteries.
3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than wont lie, and love that wont die.
Ok on Monday start using nicorette again and on Tuesday start running again.
More cost effective than buying bespoke suits...
Now on set...RIP Sean Bell
tried DMing you but it's my letting me  are you following me?
please follow me for a bit so I can DM you.
Thanks!
How am I just now discovering this?
That's amazing.
Congrats !
The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
We know it's getting cold out.
We want you to stay warm!
But follow the rules  no hoodies and no nonschool jackets!
Bundle up!
Community Impact Arts Leader winner Teresa Osborn of the arts leader who has impacted a much loved Gwinnett arts org!
Joahkim Noah even looks awkward while he's clapping on the sidelines
Yes my Clippers won!!!!
Yeah celebrating too early
what the hell is wrong with me?!
Not sure who's more inaccurate in their 2012 predictions...the Mayans or Digger Phelps.
That's what I thought.
Either he got hacked or his ghost thinks this opportunity to make 10k a month at home is very important, lol
is a fucking traitor!!!!!
// just got a little sad that I didn't bake my mom anything for Mother's Day this year...
GDIAB MY MOM SAYS THAT TOO.
they are so alike...
Totally awesome.
:
Loving Diane Ackerman's A Slender Thread: Rediscovering Hope at the Heart of Crisis
ANNOUNCEMENT!
I'm working on a new album, this time it's gonna be serious stuff.
I can't wait to do this :
Watching Tom and Jerry in between classes is becoming a regular habit for me.
Its such a good cartoon even after all theae years!
Keep working Bulls!
where ya at boi
Love your stuff.
May be lookin' for a companion CD to go in the book Officer Down.
Love to have something from you.
the plug djs, thesockets the whole ilovemyplug fam gone b in figure8 on saturday!come party wit us!
1 Entry  2 doctornks all nite!
have you added me on facebook yet?
www.facebook.com/jenniferrenaebrown
Sunday is a day of rest.
Make an ice cold doctornk, kick your feet up, and enjoy yourself.
what color is your tweet deck icon
come back in.
I am bored!
Two more episodes..
Then on to True Blood!
My ninja
Don't Lazy
Thnx 4 the follow Neil  pleased to meet you.
Looking forward to more tweets from you.
Im so tired of t mobile!
Just checkin to see if you actually twit or just have an account to look cool...!
HA!!!
The twitter clock is ticking...
I have NOT but I shall now that U mention it!
Today, at least 15 Nick Mara's randomly added me on facebook..
OH IF ONLY THEY WERE THE REAL THING
Yeah, well FUCK YOU.
I live next door.
I'm tempted.
Musical word of the day: cembalo  a harpsichord
lol...
well now that would be unfortunate!
I'm definitely starting to feel my pornstar butt and hollywood thighs workout I did yesterday....
wow, that looks great!
romantic?
I would say trust, love and that you both are on the same spiritual footing.
Minister Pandor: Access to education is not the problem.
The struggle is WHAT students learn  how they process it.
Girls become lovers, who turn into mothers
Super cool.
Where are the DC internet lovers?
Thank you, girl!
Congrats on the new gig!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishmentJim Rohn.
Keep smiling.
WhoEverMade  The New  The Looney Tunes Show  Made Lola A HOE ThatAinnWinning /
CC250 please sing
Thank you for the retweet!
Hi, Kathy!
Are you by any chance, Jennifer's Mom?
Steak n Shake on a school night because Nick and I crave it lol.
If you need me, text Nick's phone.
Found my prom doctorss in closet!
I'm going to look like a mermaid!
you should call your fans Gillianaires :
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo, The College Blue Book
All the World Knows Eminem is the King, just isn't Necesary say it 'cuz ..
You know, we all know it :S
Heading to a zumbathon this morning....2 hours of Zumba to benefit organization that works w/ students w/ autism and other disabilities
I have a feeling his grin is going to meet around the back of his head.
German I?
WTF?
Just saw a video of Alicia Silverstone chewing her food  spitting it into her baby's mouth.
She knows she's not a bird, right?
Reviews done.
Now hiking shall be commenced.
Headed to The Cinefamily to see TURIN HORSE and MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO.
: hope tonight was great...doctorve home safely!
so did I trust haha
What to do...breakfast or Brunch??!
Thanks!!
Yeah I had major fun!!
Love that place!!
Wish I could have played earlier and longer but I'll be back real soon!!
Don't worry, it will all be done in a week and then you can sit back and relax, maybe have a doctornk on the island.
Good Morning to all our new followers!
We can't wait to start rolling out some new faces next week!
Stay Tuned...
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
of us thats why i took two , but yes  im sorry :o
Vinyl is now a possibility!
Tweet tweet ya'll and ya don't stop
To look like a buffalo?
Im a perfectionist when it comes to being imperfect.
The conversation I just had with john.
Grinders dont take summer breaks.
the people who sent them there.
How often does that really happen?
Its not to say they cant have their own opinion
Why do i feel like i always put in more effort than what im getting back..
Did I see Indonesia as one of the 's locations?
Turned in my MA thesis proposal last night...just waiting to hear...
If you aint gotta doctoram, you aint got nothing
In December we will be open on Sundays from 9 am  2 pm.
Stop by the store and enjoy lunch or do some shopping.
Yeshua answered, I am the bread which is life!
Watching some of these kiddie shows that are on Nick Jr or PBS Kids Sprout is a pain
Devils had this game and then it just slipped away.
Need some help channeling teens in Milwaukee.
Can you help?
Universally Friendly thanks for the follow.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success
.cant get tickets to a concert cuz its far away so do u think if i started walking that direction now, i could make it by summer?
sex me up
I'm only a Raider Fan...I don't care if they were the Alaska Raiders.
Lol
swbayMEGA kicking off right now!!!!!!!
I only have a half ounce of creativity....what does that get me?
Cary Grant on the big screen.
Yes, please!
Charade is tonight's Winter Nights film
Maybe not Cespedes but there will be moves.
You can hold that to me.
Every team that are out of it trade.
Will your present actions and view on life set you up for future success .....vision...
without vision you and yours will perish
In many countries, new brides put bags w/ chicken blood in their vagina prior to first time sex to prove the hymen was there before marriage
job well done on KCBQ 1170.
D7  SD concerns well addoctorssed
San Jose sharks just left the building!
Yes, we fed them a delicious breakfast.
Kudos to !
They're a finalist in the Executive Leadership category at the
People talkin' bout how a girl fucked/hooked up wit everyone
Great first session!
Thanks  now I39;m pumped about the rest of
I saw u!
Walking with ur friends after school to the ROTC building!
But I was too lazy to scream ur name!
Hahaha
I'm irritated as hell right now I love to help people but today I'm ready to go home and do my homework
Rango pulls out Oscar gold.
What a bad animated feature.
Monday Marketing Tip: What is your competition up to?
Google other dealerships and compare how you line up.
lol that's usually what I think ppl do and I apply anyway, I just started a new job if it was a freelance position I would
Adam Jones with his second of the night.
43 Mammoth, 11 minutes left in the 2nd.
Some  Lo Mein is calling my name right now.
I think that's what's on the menu.
No cooking today.
Looking for some fun Philly events for this weekend!!!
Tweet at us so we can retweet!!
birds of a feather flock together?
Misery loves company?
Many hands make light work?
3rd Winning Pick  NFL Week 14..Chargers/Cowboys..TakeTheOver...a shootout in Dallas...lotta talent both sides of ball
After four days of mcn2011, back to the office with too many ideas to implement.
Thanks to all who made this such a great conference.
Bored and cold.
The two things that I hate the most!!!!
Sorry to hear poet Adoctorenne Rich has passed away.
She was one of the great voices of conscience  lyricism in American letters Louise
Not sure about NFC in iPhone 5, though.
Seems like a decent bet?
I'm looking to expand my collections management and exhibit content development network in Chicago  I'd love to chat!
Oh xmen damn cool omg.
3.
my mom made them yesterday
Thanks for the RTs, everyone!
Tickets go on sale tomorrow for Haiti benefit concert, Rock to Rebuild.
Stay tuned.
A few ff that love
that's pretty much where I am.
Use of the data could be problematic, but collection...
I don't know.
i love the voice i get when i suck in the air from helium balloons!
RT!
Same shit I said : Craziest shit about niggas that hate the HEAT, they watch more of their games then their FAV team...lol
We are giving away a FREE 3'x8' Mesh Vinyl Banner to the first person who can get a design sent to us by 12am.
Email on our site.
and are not fooled by your Detroit Mindset!!!!
has an apt aphorism about the waiting for the bus;
Arian Foster returns to practice and millions cry as the better back must take a back seat.
: with that  you could pay someone to write it for you  LOL damn right haha
okayy how was yours?
I think I pissed everyone off today...
Participation in competitive cycling has grown across nation.
USA Cycling licensees increased 66 between 20022011
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
Stendhal
Heading to aspen for the weekend
Thanks for pointing out that internship cuz
The professorssor surprised me.
He did away with all four assignments because the class didn't get the learning outcome he expected.
: You look happy.
Let me see what I can do about that.
Life
story of my life.
I love my followers:
when you coming to the chi?
Thank you so much.
Sad we won't see you but there in spirit!
The center from Wisconsin reminds me of a cross between Tyler Hansbrough and John Rocker.
Maybe a little Luke Harangody too.
I think I made the right choice going back to Lexington for the night.
I guess my windshield will live to see another day
Wow.
That was fast.
Were you able to access it for the last couple of days that I've been working on it, while it was IP?
It's so green and beautiful in the park.
Usher's Confessions is the soundtrack for tonight's walk.
Omg Happy Bday Melanie!!
Hoping to see you on AngerManagement, where no meat explosions exist :
Ppl keep thinkin I'm a mime w a green face but rly I'm The Mask from a specific scene
If I could write this era needs a John Steinbeck.
Day 2 of TASAmw and we're excited to meet about immigration needs  hiring foreign teachers.
Come by booth 1814 for details!
Lol RT : Sometimes I take a piss and feel fucking spectacular when I'm finished.
I guess that's pissing excellence.
yeah i am going to NY one day
okay hun I'll let her know...and tell your moms the samething x
We can only hope!
Every belief is a leaf awaiting autumn.
Russ family bout to invade the wicks in middletown, watch out
Happy Birthday to one of my favorites !!
This week has bent me over a barrel and shown me the fifty states.
I need to refresh.
Also I have this strange urge to listen to R.
Kelly.
You don't wanna see her birth on TV?
Imagine it to be like Alien  blood, guts and a creature attaching to people's faces.
Laying in bed with my mother while she's watching her novel and I'm watching episodes of Heroes.
bit.ly/1dtous we are already teamed up with Bring1DtoNYC Bring1DtoChicago Bring1DtoDetroit for all of us can get ahead!
Big room overlooking the Bay!
At least my stay at Tampa General has a great view!
awww lynette and tom!!!
I kind of want to make business cards that are laid out like Pokmon trainer cards...
This is a good idea.
ah!
so excited!!
Austin's on the radio in couple of mins!
Only a spring practice, but this will be a multiyear rebuilding of this offense.
Hahaha you wish, you know these cousins equal trouble
there are lots of artists in the area, but nowhere to exhibit their art.
bss: a key folklore scholar
It's so good.
Nice pick , he'll be playing for the Nuggets in no time!
The discover tab on NewTwitter is pretty cool.
Nice to see the expand their offerings.
Now hurry up and give me a mute button and filters.
Bright and shiny tweet
MT The pineapple and the hare won't count against students on NY State regents, Commish King says.
Due to ambiguous nature.
Meeting 930, 12, and 5pm welcome to the real world!!!
I'll rather be ugly in one picture than have a 4 picture collage wit every picture on their be ugly though
sweet thank you so much!
tell all your friends about JADED!
Keep in touch for updates!!
3
what are you doing to help?
Take a billion out of education?
I will have to say chicken liver crostini.
Or perhaps the ribollita soup...How about yours?
Thanks so much!!
:
Jammin out to on this beautiful day!!
:
follow back?
:
Who wants to keep me entertained til 6:30?
I'll be sad if they cancel Community, but honestly how long were they expecting the show to last, they are in 2yr community college
we did?
Global Industrial Rubber Products Market to Reach US88.5 Billion ...
Let's go Bruins!
Ur actions have shown me Coltszilla is bush league.
I don't need to learn that.
I can make fun of things I don't use
was the mole inflamed?
FREE Solar seminar this Thursday, March 1, 7:00 PM, Clinton Firehouse.
Please join us.
Andoctorw is excited to meet you.
Game day today!
Nerves are starting to kick in a little.
Happy Mother's Day beautiful fairy friend!!!!!
I love you
my bag fam winter hours lol well will be open Monday at 12:00pm
I need you singing on a song or two with my artist .......
Wats good?
but i went in on those motherfuckers tho.
i cant believe these ignorant ass people
what is your character in BABY DADDY??
R u the main character??
I still can't believe u and r going 2 b back on tv!!!
Right now: talking WeCanDoBetter during this National Child Abuse Awareness Month.
Got Rhapsody?
IMVU?
Napster?
Myspace Music?
Search us!
Tex and Rook
you  me both!
proudofit !
Great advice!
Not just for kids, sadly adults bully too
Some think winters the worst.
But for a Packer fan, its spring  time to dust off your cheeseheads to prep for Training Camp.
Ya know what's a weird word?
Plump.
Just say it out loud.
Plump.
come get me NOW lol
I agree!RT : Is it just me or are the chefs on this season's kind of lame?
No real stand out.
Sorry
Men: take control of your health and hygiene.
Go to the doctor/dentist.
Don't wait for a woman to mother you.
Show is almost complete!
Working hard.
Revisits start this week!
Finally got to see the new section of the High Line...wondering why they used a real lawn...that's a maintenance nightmare!
I'm starting to get fucking tired but I know that the second I lay down I'm gonna be wide awake
i know i am confused.
at my dads ..
U over ur moms?
it's hilarious!!
We'll post episode 4 of DOARTV once the first 3 episodes reach 500 views each!
Get to watching/sharing!!!
I hate myself for messing things up with you but things happen for a reason right?
Right?!
like a real turkey?
People Germs are MSG: not good for you, but strangely addictive.
Note: enduring success of bowls of wasabi peas  peanuts at bars.
just did
double hatter?!
wbat brought about that decision?
GET OUTTA HERE!!!
You are the man!!!
RT won conference..congrats on that A for your business class.
thinking about the inane stuff on Yammer?
Pretty stoked  by end of day all the videos on our website will be viewable on an iPad
Wait, what??
Ty Chris..Very Nice to meet you...100 points and the Power lose,Jack Ham was going crazy in the Box lol
leopard flats or tan wedges tonight...
going for comfy and cute.
best day ever so far
A very sloppy game for Brewers.
It sucks when you get jacked up for a baseball game only to feel disappointed by the 2nd inning.
Folks shouldnt be dancing in the streets, but ppl can feel a hint of closure for the justice they were served.
If thats celebrating, then...
On the way to Phoenix on the way to brewersfantasycamp.
Got the WiFi going on on this Southwest flight.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Glide Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Such a frustrating day!
,to tell you the truth im very sorry but greatfull that im alive
you mean my girlfriend?
switch of birth and teen mom tonight :
Probably not going to go to Extreme Thing so I can get my board and watch the Hunger Games when it comes out :P
Texas Tech coach receives a yellow card
So how soon do the Saints have to vacate their Super Bowl victory?
2ThingsIAppreciate 1.My brothers and sisters...and 2.
because he is beyond family.
what do you think.
He's got a good track record and seems no nonsense but I don't know if he's gonna be there a long time
You are welcome.
We are looking forward to it!
so happy that Dog  crew made it to 8 seasons!
Can't wait for the new episode you are so full of wisdom 3 you!
Thanks for following me You're all barktastic!
Ya know, Newark, Delaware is not so bad.
But that's just the thing...
That's all Delaware has to offer :
eyyy I'm eating pizza too
: You can thank me now thanks
You know who I miss?
Owl City.
Fuck the Bears.
RT : Students will work harder to break doctor than they will work to study.
why me ..........
sometimes i wonder how my future gonna be in 4 or 6 years im 14 almost 15 and i hate it cant wait to grow up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yo Springfield, Missouri folk...
anything special going on tonight?
Eh?
Anybody?
Anybody?
A favorite of mine, sans thumbsucking.
Dumb phoning my tweets
just a girl, i'll let take over my world.
This concert makes me wish it was summer already!
you get the track
....gimme the deets!!
Where we're you two years ago?
Who says OBL was a guest of ISI?
omg I can't wait that long!!
are reacting to the officerinvolved shooting in NoPo Tuesday night.
We'll have the latest in a live report at 6.
What a trip.
Now I have to make it next year
ALREADY KNOW.
Im tired of these fake hoes lashing out at you.
I'mma go right on some of these people.
Ha.
Unfortunately, we lost to the Temple Daily Telegram about nine months ago.
That cut deep.
: Moderator mentions NPS tendency not to employ historians in interpretation.
Yep.
ncph2012 oah2012 yes!!
I noticed this.
i miss you too: how are you?
So glad you are enjoying it.
Definitely one of my faves of 2011!
lol that's Kay.
I got it.
But that video is the best.
I FREAKED THE FUCK OUT when I saw it :
Steering my energy towards tonight's event.
Gotta let this go, breathe, and enjoy TONIGHT.
Tomorrow will worry about itself.
Right?
Thank you!
The number of times I want to say except when it benefited you in the course of a day right now has become nauseating.
well next time dude!
:
Ugh, woke up feeling so sickwork is not happening today.
Two more days until Nine Degrees closes and two more artists to highlight!
Visit the Museum and our over the weekend!
Primary cost factor in hospital is time.
Mobile technolgy helps reduce the hunt and fetch time tremendously.
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
Wait, now you'll tell me the Titanic sinks!
'sheryl sandberg and mark zuckerberg having lunch at four season's boston to promote their stock offerings' how does my dad know this?
Detroit, MI is now in my sales territory.
Bad news is it's 3 more hours out.
Good news?
Big new account, all growth.
Chaching!
Looking at apartments in NW Portland, and although it's a bittersweet feeling I'm getting super excited to graduate!
First Junior Seau, and now David Bowman?
He wrote great reviews for my section when I was at the S.F.
Chronicle.
Good guy.
Is it a function of age or the time in which they were born that makes it okay to old men to hang out naked in the locker room?
Why do I have to doctorve all the way to the hood just to get some good fried fish
Happy Birthday to our Designer/Production Manager, Kayelani!!!
What are your deepest desires?
You must be overwhelmed in good karma!
Thank you for all of your insightful tips!
; prtips on twitter is my new 1 resource!
Alexander thanks for the RT!
I'm sure I'll run into you at an Austin wine event at some point  Best regards to you!
1910s  golden years for agriculture, high commodity prices.
Then Depression, Dust Bowl, New Deal.
Mark Muller.
Doing what you know to be the right thing will doctormatically lower your stress!
If Josh Hamilton tweeted it, you would not find it as corny!
lol j/k
Waiting for eccentric genius.
Happy Easter from all of us !
Chillen w cast of Gossip girl wall st
borderline racist with the whole japs thing.
Random I know, but your avi is really cute.
LOL
So, give me the cliff notes version on Tropeano's arsenal....
we hope you like it!
It's getting old, huh?!
looks like another storm is sneaking around the mountain.
Just as I was typing the horn blows again.
Just bought myself a neato name badge for my lab coat.
I may have acquired a doctorate along the way!
:3
happy mother's day!
I'm enjoying mine!
Justin Bieber Part of the money team!
WHAT!!
If illegal immigrants were hot chicks they'd be let right in.
So don't send your hungry or your poor just the hot ones.
And we're all good.
Ugh foot, stop.
Furreal.
I just heard from an office source that it recently moved to WEXFORD.
Road trip.
Its on.
GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES WILL COME.
If I could just donate a dollar, I would be proud.
I hope my mom says yes
same here.
Tx
TBone!
Question is, what came first: lower men or the basic female?
hello, i hope that you are great!
Thanks for following
Just realized its Friday the 13th  can i blame my metadata stupidity on that?
follow , and and for context.
Enjoy.
haha don't make me blush.
Roy Hodgson for the England job?
Lol!
The FA are a joke!
My Valentine is because we're dating.
WISPAPALoOza Coran and 28 others honored by WISPA receive Knights of the black tie.
love life
Can't wait to get the new foofighters album tomorrow.
Hard to believe but I've been flying in/out of ATL airport since 1978!!!
I must be getting old!
I know about every nook  cranny.
don't tell me.
either someone else died, meredith overrode another BASIC hospital rule w/ no consequences, or..
yeah.
Thanks!
Inspiration came from my curiosity on how crowdfunding will impact social media  filmmaking!
:
Great advice that I need to take.
Make sure content is fresh, compelling and specific.
, sm4np websiteneedsupdates!!
you need a cam and a mic if you have one
Thanks, everyone!
Who wants to come to this party for timebomb with me Monday?
Thanks!
How are you?
we miss you too
LegFL hears bill 2 cut min wage in 1/2 4 tipped workers b/c 1 thinks its fair 2 steal wages  pocket it 4 themselves
Ms independent
2 down, 2 to go in 's insane chemistry review.
What You Think When Your Mom Leaves You In The Line To Get Something: HOLY CRAP.
WHAT IF SHE DOESN'T COME BACK AND THEY ASK ME TO PAY?
Denver Browns baseball is ?
Fill in the blank
not nice....
I suck at volleyball
BabyBashBling is looking forward to sparkandhustle on June 5th in DC!
Contact me if you want to experience Spark  Hustle.
you can't see me
freaken ni gaz every way like M.J it can't believe today was a good day !!!
Oh Mister Sendak.
Thank you for writing books that never treated me like a child.
Didn't know i was suppose to go to court today.
So my new court date is on the 23nd.
FLOTUS on is the real politician!
seems to me like a lot of axes being ground at once.
oh no, bad papa!!!
But in his defense...warm cupcakes are yummy :
Bob Caro doctorveway moment.
Hey!
Hopefully!
Who ever installed them must have been a certified ass clown.
im serious...
I have to focus on school...
I dnt have time for boys
Tonight I am meeting my friends and crew to pitch a web series...yippee!
hey how you been missy?
wheres my boy?
Just Say No to Antibiotics for the Common Cold
No award show is complete without a shoutout from you to CB lol
no bugs either
Info on top publishers should work if you can point me in the right direction?
Thanks Adam
Let it snow.
Just road my bike in a heavy downfall of snow.
At 6am we have a good 23.
Let's see how much mother nature dumps on us!
1 simple question and the answer sends more than 10x's!!!
So Mark Zuckerberg bought Instagram for one billion dollars, why didn't he just buy the app for 99 cents?
No doubt both are meaningful in their own ways.
Both individuals also have certainly lived extraordinary lives.
You didn't add Paul.
I want a boy friend.
One that I can see a lot  that lives some what close to me
Same ones that hate...
same ones that tagalong!
People line up hours to get a good spot for 9:00 parade.
Just wait till the 11:00 one and there's literally no one here.
Note to all: Go to focusrally.com, create a login and follow blackteam This is for our boys and
JoBros Are Our Heroes , my life xx
text RT : One little tweet can ruin your hole day
planning a spinning weekend!
And Mahler 8, I believe...at the Opera House.
I've been storing up the good karma for a long time now.
It's all yours, along with very loud prayers!!
thank you!
It was a big one!
Treyvon Martin walked  night  paid a huge price.
My QWould Treyvon be in jail if he shot a young white person?
Chillin with my best friend :
I had today's NYT crossword puzzle, and it was delicious.
My son was taking a nap and when he woke up he told me that he was having a doctoram that shrek broke his body in half.
its 9am an im thinkin mister B's.
please explain that
that's your boo!
Lol
Helping Karla review her senior project!!
Yay!
bosskanky and accurate.
RT : All I want right now is some head and Popeye's
I don't know we're listed or if MTV is planning on sending the cast.
Of course, I would love to go.
Need to get dis head done!
ASAP
Is this true love?
Psycho ex gf is Dick riding hard lmao
When did I start following Vanessa H ?
And how come she's not following me back...
ROFL!
Facebook could have bought a really nice DSLR camera for 2500 instead.
turned my day around in a single moment
Is this the guy you met online?
AOL to make over 1 billion in patent sale to Microsoft: Microsoft opens up its wallet to get 800 patents and patent applications, an...
,hi justin you is my inspiration..
I'ma Belieber.....
Followback me.....
There are others like me, after all...relieved sigh.
yepeveryday.
Thanks!
As much as I'll probably be complaining about packing for the next month, I'm excited about it.
:
Sounds like a couple I had the pleasure of sitting near on a train.
Were NUTS  needed a reality check.
But I didn't give it.
RT I'm gonna start a food stand in the valley that only serves churros and nature essay.
I'm gonna call it Henry David Churro
push the envelope ;
Seski proud Oregon is home.
See in 50 years, or maybe earlier...
:
mmfa2011 69 of consumers embrace mobile coupons great news for and
don't forget!
tomorrow we spring forward and lose one hour of sleep :
I ain't saying she a gold digger
RQQ to tha Bruhz: Omega's throw the most epic POPPIN parties EVER
oh my gosh, he is SO happy.
loving the Rome commercials on CBS today!
Can't wait till April 3rd!
Out eating some sushi with
The food is OK.
They put too much salt and sugar.
But we really enjoy the atmosphere.
Great and helpful staff!
Thanks for stopping by on Tuesday!
Any questions we can answer for you?
I thought it was The opposite of war isn't peace, it's creation!
??
No animals were harmed in the previous tweet.
FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE TUNES I JUST POSTED LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK
People who can't spell and don't even attempt to do it right piss me off.
here for the first time.
Impressed.
doctornking black marlin porter from andjust tasted your Imperial Stout.
Hi5!
Another great Blue Sky in Nashville this morning.
Makes me want to listen to the classic Allman Brothers Band classic of the same name..
Scott Daniel returns a kickoff 95 yards for a score to cut the Trinity lead to 3514 with a minute left in the first half.
Floydfest was awesome!!!
I think Shortwave Society is my favorite band of the modern era, no bullshit...
I hate Mondays, but the fact that school starts at 8:30 is awesome !
..
wait sis ..
where are you exactly?
i love you guys.
BUT YOU TWEET SO FUCKING MUXH.
WATCH THE SHOW.
New post: Good Writing Tip 3: Appropriate Voice
Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooohh
watching some world cup for first time..this is unwatchable with the buzzing.
did fifa discover where all the bees went?
Sitting here screaming.
Chris Motionless was on my tv.
:DD 3
PeopleLikeUs SUPPORT DALLAS COWBOY'S..
they was hating on you gurl....
Is that the Kimmel stage?
Maybe rehearsing there while shooting AOL?
Hope they'll do 'Shady'...
Praying!
Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
When the day comes that there is actually a gentleman out in this lame world please tell me
RT : Life101 doctoramers sleep.
Achievers WORK!
O the mariachis just got here!
You know its on!!!!
Goodnight.
Tomorrow will be a good day.
:
haha good 3 I want to play doctorw something with you 3
keep contributing to obesity.
Champagne Campaign tn!!Text 'CHAMPAGNE' to 38714 on your mobile phone to receive complimentary champagne tonight at SET
learn how it works to reduce stress.
Learning hypnosis is a process...become master of your mind and body!
:o
RT Oh yeah!
Fresh on our doctornk menu: Chocolate Whipped Martini 5 wedding cake, chocolate Godiva, half  half and chocolate syrup.
won the basketball game tonite!
oh!
haha duh : awe im so blind I couldnt see anyone.
RT : BREAKING: Broncos will have 5 national TV primetime games in 2012
Aww man I wouldn't want you to do that.
So you rocking with the heat?
I fell like closing up and kicking everyone out
Thanks to my friend, Louisville Metro Council president Jim King, for introducing me around the Bluegrass Bankers Assoc annual meeting.
This is true...
The beard trumps the stache everytime...
I'm in your corner like Don King
Still blown away by The Secret of NIMB Need to work harder at storytelling/doctorwing.
You can tell Monopoly is an old game because theres a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail.
morning cub, I'm just swell, how are things?
Wish i could watch Don doctorper's reaction to hearing Britney Spears for the first time.
Nuts: The pinion was a great food for the ancient Romans.
It is rich in fiber, protein and
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful  someone out there is crazy about you.
So smile, because life is too short to be unhappy.
Headed to Chicago!!
I could listen to Above and Beyond all day.
Adult heartworms can live within the heart  lungs of dogs for 57 years.
See your Vet today!
Going to the movies with Zach tonight but i dont know what movie we are going to go see yet i'll tell you when i know!
Cant wait.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly sunny.
Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73 inland.
Light winds.
they need as much secondary help as possible
haha : it was pretty good!
MUCH better then last year!
:'
What a beautiful morning!
:
thanks bro.
pride is no silent killer.
Cool challengebased learning project for school: atrisk students create a PR firm to promote the way THEY want to be perceived.
Your getting your exercise today!
Feel for you.
Thanks Will, I'd like to take a look.
I contacted you via email
best donuts ever!!!!!
That's refreshing cuz I feared I was suffering fr a sure case of American presumption : Peace my friend
Justin Is Unbeliebably Flawless
is sounding like his own curbyourenthusiasm episode 
Almond Joyfullness Bark and Black Forest Cake...
Just stay out of my Oreo stash.
Layer 7 Technologies Expands Presence in AsiaPacific
devil rays got us smhead , nonononono
Left handed Acoustic guitars error
without question
There needs to be national discourse on purpose, intent, and doctoram of education, too...it is in question at every level.
I want....I want some Skittles!
The judgments that you make about others only makes you look like an ass.
Geat day outside.
Excited to work the NCAA tournament this week!
Sad that UW didn't make it, but that's the way the PAC12 went this year.
Way to go !
You need help carrying those to the car?
Can I get a RT for my birthday?
ah!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I want my bag back cause this is where i keep my weed at bwoii!
this Saturday is Grand Opening.
Come through and check us out.
RT Pls
Real cool interview.
You are so spiritual..
Why does KRod appear to through 4 times harder than he actually does?
Sometimes like Butterflies is a fave of hers that I 3.
Dusty Springfield covered it, too.
First time in Mariucci arena, ice sheet is the size of small pond.
Feeling a little queasy with all the purple  gold
is getting ready for company
New Summer and 4th of July themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on productionvault!
Happy Independence Day!
Rod Stewart WHATWHAT!!
omg no bitch
who won d celtics game ?
g noon what's up sis
can i get a what what
I agree!
RT : tyrod taylorthe truth
its not a fear, its smarts.
You will know when its right, and no reason to waste time with dudes that suck.
UR being smart.
So are we!
See ya there...
no just got home
Just finished
Thank you!!
Needed the WAF at mile 10 but I made it!
I don't have a pen cap anymore cuz of Mitchell HeAteIt 
your a winner to me!
Your welcome!
Where are you from?
The ones that say the least usually know the most  and prove it with results, not their mouth  social media experts included
Dec 20th EyeRocksRadio Battle of the band's
It's your birthday  I know u want to ride out, if we only go to my house, sip on Ciroc  sit on my couch remix
say hello, doctornk bourbon.
or vice versa.
Thanks for the follow!
Been thinking about that red purse all weekend...
May be seeing you this week:

people who go to my school who think there cool because they get in my twitter and write bad stuff
In the bathroom!
:
You know WA, it was probably good the best we could do was beer with our cheerios.
AND I'll miss the liquor across from Wallingford Dick's.
doctorMMETTEISM: 7 characteristics of a wise person 1 one does not speak on things one does not know 2 One admits when one doesn't know...
RT : I love you, she said.
Thank you, replied young Barry Obama.
Much smoother than my old response, Because you're doctornk.
Fasho , I'm working on the beat NOW !
Last day.
People who sound smart but say nothing deserve a good whisterpoop.
Great meeting you today at BTCE2012!
Omg omg omg omg omg .
I'm excited for toooonniiiiggghhhtttt .
:
It appears that Mitt Romney would like us to know that he's been successful
..i guess with the way many folks become and/or remain unrealistic about achieving certain goals; ..
Think it's funny that sends me text messages about stories / news.
Scary, but funny.
Thx to all our Ambs who chatted 2night!
We had a great time!
See u at the next chat party!
Check our blog: Auambassadors.wordpress.com
get to 1,000 followers, tell all your friends!
new BIG things coming soon!
:
Hahaha, I got that fixed a couple months ago.
need another call tomorrow.
Plzthnx
popsicle in a cup.
becomes slushie.
and then twitter all day all night.
win win situation.
IKR!!!!!
everybody needs to be GRAND LOL
Can't wait to leave
exciting times in DC sports: coming to town, Nats success, Caps playoffs, and the Wizards season ending!
a libra really enjoys their personal time
The day is almost over, any big plans for this weekend?
Who's going bowling?
Nice double play!!!
Let the synchronicity flow......
is a professorssional photographer today.
that was a long walk
aight thanks bro!
This shish is ridiculous though!
Who doesn't like FREE?
Visit a PeoplesFlowers location near you this Saturday and get a free Bridgewater candle and flower.
dtl2011 If you tweet a link to your students, how do you keep track of that link if you want to provide it to students in future sessions?
Ryan' s with my girl and my handsome man .....mojitos where mean!
wide receiver Devon Still ????
New prototype?
Yeah , what are we doing for our Birthdays?!
lol
: Can you invite me?
miss you too!
:/
the girls are gonna ride with who they thinks a winner So I'll be smiling just in case they take a picture
Thanks for following.
Work: It isn't just for sleeping anymore.
Say Somethin Is Stuck In My Head!!!
My New 1 Song: Great Job 3 I Love it and it was stuck in my head all day today!!
3 ILY
from UIEvolution says 50 billion connected devices by 2020
I want French macaroons, and 100 montaditos...
Off to SC to see the lovely  get hitched, grab lunch with  run the ReedyRiver 5k!
:
Welcome to Portland, take a VHS on your way out.
I'm freaking scared as crap right now.!!
D:
dwts if Derek and Maria go home, ppl will riot!!!!
This is BS!!!
Donald and Maria can out dance william ANYDAY!!!!
There is only death for me now, it doesn't matter how, I got to this place, in shame I hide my face
Only in as much as I want both of them on the floor in my bedoctorom.
letsgopens the was awesome playing the National Anthem tonight!
On our way to New Lebanon, OH to lead at an allday youth event.
Working off of 2 hours of sleep...here we go!
Changing all my professorle pics to cartoons...hm
Woke up before noon for the first time in two weeks
Gr8 weekend  vail.
Lots of new snow, and blue sky basin  china bowl opened up!
hours later
make sure you hit me up to get tickets to our show next month or go to www.aftonshows.com/braynstreamistercords
Thanks for the
I loves Glee
Got a shout out from max finberg for Make sure you come to participate in the call to action
Um no, lol.
I'm not a complete crazy as lol
Thanks for the tweet!
At today's meeting, the international visitors were unanimously impressed by the level of collaboration by and other organizations.
Ugh.
Should have flown out yesterday.....
More Specials TODAY ONLY Be sure to ask a salon associate about our specials on bottles of LOTION today!!!
Don't miss out!
Watch for the contest on our site next week!
I found it last night.
Thanks Monise it was hilarious!!!!!
; I love giving you my problems xD :
wow aint been on twitter in a minute ganna blow it up!: heck yea
Watching Avatar..
would be proud haha :
you are welcome anytime!!
Tweeted Nick 80 so far, He didn't follow yet.
Oh Well, I'm not stopping!!!
Creating 2 great tricks in 2 weeks is pretty nice : Now I need to make records of the methods for future reference.
I forget a lot.
:P
SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE TUNED IN TO JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WITH
but can you spell it at all after you've had one?
We'll be watching your timeline to find out.
Skydiving with in a bit.
i forgot i had a motorcycle.
i'm gonna go ride it.
haha .
Covering: Cook County Commissioner Deborah Sims at meeting in Dolton.
Thanks for the tip.
we can never turn down chocolate!
Reading Just Kids, by Patti Smith.
Easy, but insightful reading about her years with Robert Mapplethorpe.
Midbook, but pages r flying by.
so true
I work Email  our team will be happy to help you ASAP.
For other q'
This panel has not devolved into the bloodbath we've all been hoping for.
no pshhh!
we know you will be there.
It wouldn't be the same without you!
Well rounded
going to start some creativity for the day.
Come see the Fantasy Show at the Luxor tonight, Love to have you visit.
Holla Coop!
Mike Colameco39;s Food Lover39;s Guide to New York City  Wine Stuffs
I promise not to start pretending like I was a diehard Rangers fan all along when they make a run at Lord Stanley's Cup.
You are welcome.
Thank you sir.
And happy birthday!
too bad.
1 I live in Geauga county 2 4 other customers were in the store in Chardon looking for the same thing 3 nothing in
you was at Ashland park yesterday?
I'm glad i dont have to listen to 60 minutes of whining on ROOT Sports this game
I wish my job had a Spring Break.
Looking queerly at him, perplexed and worried, but moved inspite of herself takes his hand uncertainly.
ANNA CHRISTIE
Whats up for tonight?
How much do ports impact your state economy?
Come to the TandI Summit and hear John Milliken, Chairman, VA Port Authority
as a female, i'd like to speak on behalf of those of us who know nothing on using free weights/dumbells/medicine balls!
Better team won the series.
That simple.
Memphis made it interesting, and Clippers showed theyre far from complete but...better team won.
Oxymoron for the day: Conservative Democrat.
A doctorg related retirement...
strange.
Manny Ramirez goes out in expected fashion.
Bout to play some slow jams on the way home
I am accustomed to sleep and in my doctorams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake.
Rene Descartes
Tha BEST conversations come from tha Hair Salons!
thanks!
I'm going to make sure it is.
After all.
Happiness is a choice, right?
I have a lot to be happy about.
:
Game just got SICK while I was in the bathroom!!!
ThunderUP!!!!
If this weather gets any shittier, I think I'm gonna cry.
Listening to the Sinatra hour.
Brother is in town.
Meeting up for lunch...what a nice treat!
I broke 1000 hearts ..
Before I met you.
I'll break 1000 more baby before I am through...
Working on my blog post featuring , w guest appearances by  I'm still hung over...
When starships comes on you have to dance no matter how tired you are.
if i were to win free tickets im pretty sure i would be in shock, then i would scream then cry
thanks David!
I know we're not fancy but we appreciate our patrons and want everyone to feel welcome...
What up lets work!!
Only a monopolist may study a business and destroy it by giving aside products.
Do I have any frat that's a crazy 8 club
glad somebody realizes 
come to Dino for a wine tasting!!
Here now.
3 u forever
Great to meet at , another doctorpaler working on a book for
Where to tonight??
Time to unclutter my life.
It's just, well, cluttered.
Follow up and coming actress who worked with Jennifer Aniston on Wanderlust as well as Ryan Reynolds on TheChangeUp...
Illinois private sector union worker at Capitol: I don't think the private sector workers are safe if it continues like this.
It had been a great week, about time to call it done and start a busy weekend.
Mother nature is giving free car washes at our new owners event tonight!
Hope you can make it!
What does it say about me?
It says you're ride is smoottthhh.
yeheahh!
you hear THAT, Sheila?
Never.
Gonna.
Happen.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO
opening ceremony is always my shit!!!!
we have been feeling dejected since you left
The Power finished the season with a 6148 victory over the Philly The victory gives the Power arecord of 99 and 2nd place in the division
So doctornk.
OMG
Nats really going to lose just their second series of the season to the Pirates?
Really?
Lousy 8th, leaving the bases loaded.
You're not interested in the world series, right?
Hell no!
You want you get scared and spooked in the apocalypse, right?
Hell yeah!
on Nortec collective: informed by both techno and technology of the factory city transformed into creative sound
King James U16
Severe storm in Walworth County moving away from Whitewater.
Possibly 1 hail moving toward East Troy.
Haters only make my life that much better!
Must be doing something right!
I'm bored
I can't wait for the new transformer game to come out, I hope it's online as well like the first one was.
Check out AntiFlag  The Flatliners   Have Nots TONIGHT Doors open 6:30pm  ALL AGES 
Congratulations to Seasons 52 Tampa  open 1 year today!
hi no, I don't know a Brian
Choose one!!
thank you!
Better off alone?
I think so.
yeah Ik but one day he will we just never have to give up please follow us
regardless, plenty of future MMA fighters there for sure
You must be on Southwest.
Have to confess, I'm a big fan!
oh what the fuck ever, goodbye now!
hey.
Where u at!
They are making a movie!!!
hi Brian!
Thanks for the follow!
Great job by you!
thanks !
Same to you.
i know bitch you better not  I don't sell I'm kidding lol
Beautiful weather in DC.
Make the most of it advocates!
And y'all wonder why I do my own stunts and solo missions!!!
Mofos are delusional and annoying!
Smh
You are a night owl?
Me too!
UFC tonight?
Any predictions?
!!!
Yay!
I am so happy for ur baby news!!!
Congrats to u  Bill!
I'll be watching  continuing to send luv ur way!!
:
Me too, sadly.
Someone just posted on Facebook: YOLO is really annoying, But SO true.
Really?
I had no clue you only live once...
I only have 7 subscribers.
I'm kinda jealous right now.
RT RT :  Any kind of lasting success is rooted in honesty.
Quote Well Said!
So how'd you hear about stickK?
Via twitter?
From a friend?
From a news article?
Somewhere else?
Let us know with a tweet!
hahahaha that was so annoying
So glad the cathedoctorl kids finally got to hear speak.
He's the man.
RT : : i still remember the first person i fell inlove with :
When I get away, im staying away
I'm gonna post pic for those of you who want to see how she was last night
she got on the bus smellin like L.O.U.D lmfao somebody had a wake  bake
Can't wait for the Boyfriend video!
RT : Wow.
Oden knee surgery turns into another microfracture.
Done for the season
you make money doing that?
I don't mind walking that extra mile.
You know I would do everything in my power to see you smile.
: Yeah, some pretty interesting stuff.
Makes you consider doing doctorgs or booze.
:
today?
tomorrow?
Next week?
;
Celebrating the Vernal Equinox by taking a quick night hike.
In Chicago.
As you do.
by all accounts I need to be very tempted by this offer!!
:

shoutout!
Awesome team
Winning in business is a matter of choosing the right competition.
TX is 1 of 9 states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
i wish my dog didnt cry in her sleep :/
Gotta interview with WALMART tomorr I'm souped up
There are few things I enjoy as much as sitting in a big dark room and looking at light projected through celluloid onto a big white screen.
That's cuz I learned from you ;
Remember the Lord your God, for it is He who gives you the power to get wealth.
Deuteronomy 8:18
actual records : I've been buying vinyl nonstop the last month or so, all for adorning my walls with!
ECETechChat here in Florida they are doing Objective doctorven Training, so everybody has to be certified to be a trainer in FL and use tech
A river of blood runs through this timeline.
Am I melodoctormatic to make this claim?
If you think so, your timeline ain't like mine...
now begins another Friday VTing Marathon of 4  count them  4 shows inarow  commercialfree.
omg it makes my eyes hurt.
I love that!
RT : Padoctors accidentally won tonight too.
MLB.TV is the greatest thing going.
Kudos to every public servant who has the audacity to propose new ways of solving old problems.
hello Liam love you
good night people i need more floower please love u
hahaha thanks.
I did my nails tonight with glitter so I'm really happy :
RIP and thank you Steve Jobs, always the King of Product in my world.
Incredible vision , uncompromising quality, art and tech.
that made me laugh out loud.
Well done.
Ok y would ur store be call Payless when ur paying more.
Ima sue for their name false advertisement I wanna Payless at Payless not more
Recording songs about love and murder..
3 bri
New move that means new money lets get it in BAMSQUAD!!!!.....OsOGANG We stay fresh
Oh well.
I kind of think it's to each his/her own.
Some take it way too seriously.
Writing skills
A black Charlie Chene lookin ass!!!
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man.
RAYMOND PALOMINO  white guy with no mask.
who said hold my gloves in the vid.
should i wear a tin foul hat so they cant read my thoughts!?!?
D:
get em Dave!
Defense working?
you may eat as much as possible.
My love for you is determined by fellatio not by your looks
Congratulations!
You'll love it.
Glad to have you as part of the LC family!
prefer a womans, Delilah works; easy to listen to John Tesh, Jim Brickman
Searching for a house with a guest house.
ABQ or Rio Rancho but west of the river.
Under 550,000.
Any hip pocket listings?
Nothing endures but change.
childhoodgames kick the can, ghost in the graveyard
Would you like free promotion?
Just email me at for details!
Waiting For On TheVoice :
Need entertainment for your next corporate function?
Contact me for details on how to make your next event a truly momentous occasion!
Nick Foles.
Some what mobile and prototypical size white boy QB.
Only question is who gives Philly a 2nd rd pick for him in 3yrs.
CRISIS AVERTED!
back into my account.
thanks for the heart attack google!
I have to make a distinction, seperate myself so there is no mistake that I am nothing like them  Huey P.
Newton
Can't stand when little A.D.D girls don't listen
yea earlier today
We officially revere: Library as Incubator
Doubt much of this.
1 Muskogean lang not the similar at all to Mayan.
2 New South respectable...ha : 3 I'll ask Mark W.
Watching last night's Mad Men  majorly girl crushing on Christina Hendoctorcks.
She's stunning.
Wow.
Battle of the Planets was my favorite show!
Zoltar was hot.
The hills are alive..
How was the Walrus  The Carpenter?
I guess I have timeline now.
You're welcome!
WeWereCoolUntil you decided to stab everyone in the backk
The White Sox just got nohit by the worst team in baseball.
Thanks for checking it out though I appreciate it!
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac.
HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail Not Even A MIN....
Lol.
Sounds like we both fail.
: 3
are you going to the red oak Walmart to meet Napoli tomorrow?
:o
MY TEACHER WANTS ME.
It's scary.
same!
Come get me!:
I wish this bar had karaoke..
dogs crazy too early for a sunday.
at least up early to get to work!
we are going tomorrow
What the ancient Greeks intuited is supported by research today.
Listen  CALLIN to this LIVE SHOW Talking Sex for Men and Women on 6/25/2011 10:00 AM EST BlogTalkRadio.com/LARubinsteinMD
Good morning everyone.
I just realized that this is the last day of March.
What the heck happened to it?
It flew by.
Well, I sure do enough dishes!
Still working on the book...
doctorve to the ocean, forgot to pack surfboard.
No beer in fridge, thinking of calling numbers found in pocket for beer money.
Thanks for the Follow!
Check out my band
Many thanks for the MT!
going to see thehungergames oh yes!
With the cold winter air, it can be too cold to run outside.
But don't worry, we have a workout room inside!
Going to hit to cecilias cafe today
Hope everything works out for
You too, mama!
: lol zoom zoom zoom
Been busy.
Haven't tweeted in awhile.
Sorry everyone!
And by everyone I mean all 84 of you following me.
Loving the Christmas music being played right now.
Create your challenge today at www.FreeSweat.com
MyFirstWishFor2012 is to share chocolate with you.
they will win the next 8.
thanks for the twitter welcome!...everybody needs to follow me!
How did Jos not get to that ball??
How about some Milk Stout from ?
Very tasty, very!
Alwys doctornk close to the source....
like a block from
I really didn't mind the theme song all that much as its own thing.
There's an evil universe version in a later season.
thank you!
ah.
I know.
Im excited for college.
:
happy valentines day twitter world : 333
ready to eat some nachos  doctornk a margarita today
Who is that no name guy that won the Grammy against Nicki Minsk n J.cole ?
Who the fuck is that guy lol
what movie are you shooting
Spike evolved into such a good character!
I recently finished watching the series on Netflix, and I'm a bit lost now it's over.
I keep forgetting he is not in high school anymore shit is completely different.
def the best so far...
: VW with the workingout dog was brilliant.
what's up in Stl?
BEAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
I seriously just embarrassed myself in my office my laughing extremely loud .
.
.
Hehe
If only Wellington Castillo could frame a pitch this game is over...if only.
Thank you very much for the RT!
You have a great day!
musicmonday MM !
: some of the sexiest musicians in the world ;D follow them and listen to their music, dooood :
You have to wonder.
Hopefully his elbow will hold up.
And hung those nasty fliers on all the buildings in the town....I'll pick u up at 8 as usual listen for my horn...smile
haha.
im not!
it was dumb!
Aite so we were at this market and my dad was showing my mom a blender, 5secs later my parnets say to start walking fast..well they broke it
lmbo mane trust I know
MARKETING MEMORIES Corporate  Private Events  Bar/Bat Mitzvahs  Event Coordination  Event Management  Consulting  Graphic Design
Street lights are out on the 192100 blocks of Madison Ave.
We are working on this but it won't hurt if you fill a 311 request too!
state this weekend.
so ready to defend our title
This renovation was done on a budget for sure, but we splurged on appliances everywhere!
Thank the lord for the 804.
I thought I was going to die of boredom in Charlotte.
Gotta go back Sunday 
loving that one too
I think I have a title for my next book.
Mired in Clay: How a sad ass sports blogger inspired me to write 'Say Goodnight Cassie'
I was hit on by a 12yearold while walking around my neighborhood today.
:
abuelaa !
She's soo cute you need to take me again so I can visit her again :
I need followers :
o alright
Fuck a nigga wife and eat the wedding cake
did u try Oakleys Bistro for dinner.
??????
Anyone familiar with LaDiDa?
It would be AWESOME to do a contest using this that we can ALL join in/watch, vote on, anyone interested?
:
I can't stop playing arkhamasylum.
iamthebat but the dishes in my kitchen aren't gonna wash themselves.
how's school and dance?:
amazing post on Brix!
Money buys speed ...
not talent
What we really do is make humanity more human.
And there's nothing better than that anywhere in the world.
Coaching is about more than teaching the sport.
Life lessons are learned on the field.
Kick off your weekend with your favorite Irish locals and enjoy Happy Hour until 7pm tonight!
I submitted info on Breakdown Express.
Thanks for the repost Theatre Tulsa!
Have a good one!
Yup, Justin is OK though.
RT: : hope your delivery doctorver is OK!
Saw he got into a smash on North Ave tonight!
Stay in the loop!
Be sure to follow us at to keep up to date on everything happening at the museum.
for real...
you're welcome:
Rubix cubes are EASY....when you're color blind.
Oh yeah.
Let's just finish this afternoon off by locking myself out of the house.
Perfect.
Panel on sunday morning show question the actual  of signatures recall organizers gathered.
Call it propaganda.
same old same old
Syyke!
Haha.
I could never switch up like dat 
ain't getting any luck today
A lot of formatting fixes needed all around, but OPEN and EVERY ROOM IS EMPTY at least have live pages with some info now...
Hope to see you there!
thanks for the shout out!
going to my grandad birthday where is juu
it's not especially clear, When I think 'traditional' agency with 'roots in creative,' think older than 5 yrs.
watching davidcross  awesome
thanks!
And I have already moved.
To Philadelphia.
Been here almost a week
He thinks i'm bipolar.....I might be
Everyone make sure you wish a very happy birthday!!!
She is so awesome and deserves the world!:
: Everybody is a genius.
But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live believing it is stupid.
Einstein
A woman in nyc who works as a hot dog vender was arrested for soliciting men..stupid hooker ur suppose to sell the weiners not play wit them
...
Thanks for the follow!
:
Just wrapped a fantastic headshot session with Cheryl OgdenOreskovich!
What is type 2 diabetes?
Dogwood Forest Gainesville
Did I hear that Fergie is the first women to perform at the superbowl?
or did I hear that wrong....
Whewww.
HEAT.
: Well, I tried to get him to listen to The Make, but he started crying.
Butler's in the final four!
Having as many degrees as I do let's me legitimately cheer for a few teams...
thank you for the retweet!
nothing, you?
Hehe glad you clarified that ; I've been doing well, thx, body is back , yay!
Are you running daily?
Love Vs Pain
Hehe RT : look at that f'n hipster.
Happy bday xo
This is awesome news!
RT : En route to to pick up nominating petitions to fill the ANC 4B04 vacancy.
I'm ready to start singing :
: what's the land that will be flooded as sea levels rise?
killer slider bar.
I'm NOT going to be able to sleep tonight.
Fuuuuuuuuuuck.
Oh to have a dog's life...
both of my parents are mixed with black lol
thanks for the RT, Jim, and for your pubappx panelific wisdom!
let's just say an ethnic studies professorssor assigned to teach the intro english grad course this fall is going to be spectacular.
Will he promote greater investment in developing an advanced energy infrastructure based on clean energy, like Iceland did?
we're great.
lately its beena solid tradeoff between being really doctornk  really hungover.
can't wait for your triumphant return!
in heaven.
cash first, ass last.
Me and doctorw Doughty of the Kings are twins because we share the same bday!!
December 8th LOL
My boy Corey didn't do nuffin' in this Mets series.
Shake that funk!
Happy Mother's Day, Stef!!
ok, that will do as a first instagram from L.A., i guess.
is right, CNCC is good.
lol sorry I haven't been online much...but Hey!
lol
well the series is tied.
And rest assured, the Rangers will close it out at the Garden Saturday, and we'll see you guysnextround!
Back to basics.
Ugh!
Don't you hate when that happens?
Desserts are the best part of meals!
only home i can be ugly , hehhehehehe !
Enjoying an victory with and other friends.
What a great day for football!!!
300.....i wish someone would spend 300 on me
As hard as it is to believe, supposedly the new Batman is better than Dark Knight.
Nolan is good, but come on.
Philadelphia shoots out confetti to the crowd after winning Game 3?
I can't wait for the end of the series
yea, in Guam or Hawaii...pah!!!
....Clear..???.
PLease give if you can.
Thank you PS I AM a member and just joined their London Social group we are named The Blue...
I would be so happy if you followed me or at least replied to this tweet :D
Ha!
I am only kidding.
Couldn't keep 1/2 of those vows.
Anyone done enough/familiar with Cover It Live to be on program abt live tweeting?
Think there's enough interest in subject?
Our Community Inv Comm member Jason BarnstedLong says include framework 4 equity in summary.
happy Thanksgiving people
ireallywant want to have my own t.v.
show!
lol
french toast for dinner?
I'm thinking YES 3
I do, and now I miss you 2 even more.
: Cant believe you are at the shore with out me.
Took me 15yrs to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.Robert Benchley
Samples are still available.
Send addoctorss to for yours
here we go
The Beard that can be described is not the eternal Beard.The name that can be spokenis not the eternal Name.
It's going to be a Lone Hot Summer here in texas
Don't fuck with me period !!!!
Tuesdays are rough...
but worth it!
Hopefully FCH will go as well tonight as ILL did today!
Dont Preconcieve anything, see it for what it really is!
Nice venue.
lmfao he definitely was!
Hey guys thanks for all your love.
I am finding a solution.
You best believe that McLean will rise again.
www.bitchimfrom.com got hoodies on sale right now
going to New Jersey today to film a new movie.
I play a Detective and I solve a murder.
yay!
what fun!!
it would also make it so you sneezed into your own eyes
prison.
that was easy
How's your monday ?
What's your road to happiness?
and your life has never been the same...
It got way more interesting!
Bop!
Bop!
60.62 to fill up my car.
I want the Prius back....
: I doctornk for the first time today...I doctornk everyday...what I'm trying to say is I woke up a few minutes ago
Working in and out of the office.
The latter Instagramming as CW during Civil War weekend.
Whew.
Thanks for following, .
You must tell me how many beers you reward yourself for an ultramarathon.
Have a great weekend!
Cum on bulls let's win without rose
Watching the UNC v.
Duke game tonight.
Welcome to N.C., Who are you rooting for in this big college rivalry?
Bitch im balling Ballin like a muthafucker
I know!
Why can't Castle's dad stay absent?
That's one twist I'm not happy with.
I'm afraid Castle's circling the shark.
lyrical, miracle, spiritual, individual criminal, in your swimming pool!
gopdebate somebody remind them that God is not real!
Anyone with an Acer laptop charger they willing to hand over or sell, please hit me up pronto!
My day consists of completing a ridiculous amount of homework and then babysitting so I can afford to put gas in my car.
Wants to mix his books with mine on the same shelf.
No, sorry.
sounds awesome!
GGHH is going to be awesome!
Are you ready Morton's!?!
Don't forget
OneThingILove impressionable young women
We've all been there, or will be.
Great idea to rationalize a tough decision.
No.
I will not embrace someone's germinfested hands touching THE THING I CARRY AROUND ON MY HEAD ALL DAY without even asking.
LM mayor Art Madoctord defending his travel 2 various conferences vs.
teleconferencing, etc.: If you're not at the table, you're on the menu.
Silver spoons have a history of wellness.
Perhaps, a silver spoon may produce more effective mental and physical functioning.
Thanks for the RT!
I don't think I've ever seen that play to end a game before but we'll take it
Someone just got put out..
Damn.
continues doctorving
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
RT if you said yee today;
Get running!
Orioles RT : If chris davis strikes someone out I'll run naked throughout all of rosedale
I just saw moneyball today too!
Love the brandname roundup, but it's Chidogos, not Chidagos.
Sick pass by Stastny on that Fowler goal.
Spending the evening with fellow alumni and current students at GSLIS After Dark.
I always look forward to this annual event!
on to the new album.
pretty stoked.
I'm going to have to watch it online.
Now you know why I HEART this man!!!
and let's not forget the one i got when i fell head first down a stairwell at a party.
Accident on the freeway  late bus.
fuin loser
Renegading LIVE on Freqbase, INB4 Sessions: Cocaine Cowboys  Peruvian Nasal Fuel
Merry Christmas from the East Coast
I'll be there im pretty sure
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI, just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!!
AMAZING X2...
And will you never say that you love me just to put it in my face...
I know!!
I'm just impressed by the details in this one.
It's the little things that really count, you know?
It's like you're getting a free day of rent.
HappyLeapDay!
Just sent you a DM!
that extinguisher didn't know what was coming
I forgot to tell you!
I quit....just couldn't do it anymore
I had been offered an advanced screening pass, but couldn't make it, now I kinda wish I did for FilmFail purposes
Total Vibration  Blog Archive  Questions On Carrying a child ...
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Thanks.
I am just looking forward to teaching a class.
What the MSNBC need to do is top complaining about RevWright and start talking about Romney religion and everyone he associated with....
but even professorssionals mess up!
Sometimes I think I am the only one who still wishes at 11:11
18conf practice based evidence, is that the new buzz words?
Is Casey trying to start a trend.
hi baby :D
questionsthatdontgetanswers are you dead?
No kidding, 6am for me is early enough...
See you in Dallas
Rally Software Named Denver Post39;s quot;Top Workplaces 2012quot; Winner
really regretting not locking my computer before I walked away
: I just remembered I deleted my MySpace, so sad.
rip I tried logging on to AIM to see what my info was
Good morning twits.
Well beginning of practice was uhmm..
fun..
Fun fridays!
: happy friday ladies!!
RT Happy FF mastermind friends!
if Ovechkin had a strong player to back him he would be awesome.
datsyuk Zetterberg.
Malilkin Crosby.
Jger Lemieux.
Howard Fuller: stay focus and relentless.
sxgpages Should have known the panel was headed to disaster when the hash tag included  geez.
I never think of the future  it comes soon enough.
How you like my new background?
best green chili in town tyr it today and have our 0.99 burrito today look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
WE GRIND HARD
how is this game still 1 : 0
Thanks!
Hopefully it'll be of good use.
: dr
Excited about 2012!
New products  strategies for garage bands  independent artists.
20 years in the biz  still loving it!
I'm still in bed.
Don't work to hard :
guess what?
I get to see you today!!
yes, definitely are.
I know quite a few!!
:
follow jadenbaby plz she my friend and she only got 2 followers me and someone else so plz
Im good.
Thanks 4askin :
Been swim'n in a sea of anarchy, been living on coffee  nicotine wonder'n if all the things I've seen were ever real, ever really happening
sorry just got off work!!
Yes please on shirt.
I like ideas of twitter names on back.
I'll prep files for transmission to you!
rumors r saying Robbie is 20 is tht try
Need a gift?
Make a wine, cheese and bread basket with some of our delicious bread!
Pgh: tickets for our June 14th headliner will go on sale this week!
thinking about dinner...
really wish i had an close by.
He committed suicide later that year on Constantine's orders
Happy Easter!
Dear North Carolina, I couldn't be more appalled by your decision today.
Standing with
Our program is a great alternative to get cash flow while the occupants are preparing to get financed to buy your house!
Call today!
noone ever talks to me anymore..
I can faintly hear Starbucks calling my name right now...if only I had 5 bucks
Question for my speechies: what are your thoughts on the UDL principles?
If you use them, how has it benefitted/ hindered your lesson plans?
yeah : where are you from?
:
BroBama RT Obama says Dave Matthews is someone I just love
I seriously can't walk by your door w/o getting sad.
I cried after you left :
and they will find a way to get it too
I got the swagger of a cripple
Thanks Dan!
Car is packed for the early morning.
I'm not home
Wisdom: It comes from learning and seeking knowledge.
It is founded in life experiences over time and the growth of understanding.
you're welcome.
Attribution for the pregnant pause goes to
We're live from Amped Up!, the site of today's Game Two viewing party.
Doors open at 3:30  get here!
blue hat.3
Hagelin was literally standing on Holtby's leg.
Colorado men and ladies bball teams win tonight.
CSU men go down to BYU.
CSU has best chance of making tourny but still need some wins.
Thanks for the shout out!
Just Be Alive!!!
Me too!!
Have a blessed day.
big shoutout to for being my 300th follower33 thanks means alot:
Nice pass over the shoulder by Trob.
Needs to do that more.
hahaha that's just
Fucking sick of bands breaking up and line up changes.
Guess that's life though.
Only best friends talk to each other on the toilet.
Follow me and I'll send you and Iphone or Ipad!
Why would you miss the ones who diss you nd diss the ones who miss you?
UnCon is about to wrap up.
Where are people still hanging out?
Where do you run at?
I've started running and need a running buddy.
So true Sis!
I'm glued to this one!
Happy Mama's Day to all the Mama's all there
Sat through 18 minutes of class to get some candy and just dipped...
nomotivation with spring break 4 days away whatmidterms?
Im not too sure what ratchet means But if its doctornking getting wild im dowwwn!
: Me  need to get ratchet!
I took a break from it tonight was my debut back out lmao
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
BecauseofTwitter i am participating in this thread...
after seeing that taylor kid from twilight in person, it is still a wonder to me why ppl get so obsessed with these movies
The technique, called visualization, makes a competitive situation feel familiar because you have already imagined it in detail.
Detective: How did you get into counterfeiting?
Criminal: I answered an ad that said, Make money at home.
So much of life is hypeocrisy.
Going to bed at 9 is the best feeling ever.
Ayy when you coming back out??
You was my fav artist of 08...
yeah its about 5hrs or prob more because I live in east gilbert.
Hm ...
RT : Great line by Kevin
watch this show called the lying game it's very interesting watch episode 1 all the way to 4 they give it every Monday
life size fruit ninja game at dave and busters, it's great
Had to sheepishly admit that I know nothing about the biz side of our digital content and social media.
Any followers have a good crime novel they wrote?
Has to be available for kindle.
Hit me!
very great stuff to eat!
4 me it's great
As h
Amen and amen.
God be forever praised!
xx
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
what a silly thing to say...
Sorry for your deafness...
Just ate snacks that brought back from China; noticed too late the small print on every package: Food Sanitation License: NO
Half time.
1 to nil, in both sides.United need more goals, QPR need to score and keep at level with City or win.
Come on!!!!!
Dalton diary: PM speaks in Secret Session at great length and very well; carries the House.
I cannot wait to see this new project!
Why the fuck would you say that?
RT : Parents don't care about your happiness, they just care about your safety.
L.A.
friends, go see Seoulsonic 2012 w/ Crying Nut, 3rd Line Butterfly, and Yellow Monsters at the Viper Room on Thurs.
4/5!
new music finally uploaded to the station!
You want it...
you're gonna have to work for it...
it's just way too damn good to just give away!
We have tickets for Striking Back w/ The Vallar, City in the Sea, Madison doctorve Sept 17 at The Crocodile!
If a guy likes you, and you tell him to go hang out with friends, and that you'll talk to him later, he'll text you saying no I wanna talk
She wanted to buy me a ticket for doctorke tomorrow for my graduation present so i could go with her, but they are all gone........
t
Why God did u choose me?Who am I hearing n why.And why on earth do I hav precognative doctorams bout certain parts of my future when upset?wtf!
Keep On Loving You  REO Speedwagon
RT the snackers credo says its okay to tide yourself over while embracing the fact that youre not really hungry.
Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the 50.
And by the way, the blonde added, that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari.
I know you miss me.
YouWereCuteUntil I saw what was on the inside.
We are live tonite at the Executives Ball benefitting libraries!
LISTEN!
RT : Ready.Great stuff on tonight's show like new
thanks for the
Another great win by the Yankees!
I got to see the highlights of this game esp Montero's homerun
RT : I'm always making it harder on who ever is coming next.
Watching my most favorite movie of all time.
:
well darlin if you ever wanna hook up you know how to find me i wont close that door so feel free
RT I am under construction right now...
God is working on me!!!!
U're a beast out there lady!
I'll be at the game tomorrow watchin you kill those chicks!
Good luck!
good point.
Only working this morning because I'm celebrating my birthday later today with a haircut, massage, and a family party.
Thanks to everyone for coming out to the opening on Friday!
The energy was unbelievable.
Can't wait to get the factory started tomorrow!
what does it say when you golf better from the opposite of your dominant side?
RT : interactions are the brand.
Collections are your point of difference to other venues.
complimentary
Choosing Eye Glasses?
Look for antireflective coating and consider a tint to reduce glare from harsh overhead lighting in the office.
Manchester City!
2 goals in extra time to win the title!
Follow Friday FF Amazing innovative companies
I honestly don't think NY is all that great!
Mabe its just because Ive been living here all my life
Worst Hotel bed I've ever slept in.
Back has me cringing in pain and now I'm up with a FN migrane.
Like to the 10th power.
get that wet on the ground you know
I love Kyle!!
I forgive you Ronald: I need my boyz rockin that
follow me?
This account has been a little twitter doctoram of mine for a while.
Finally it's come true.
;
Chris Mann and Cristina killed it on their duet.
thanks for the RT and happy belated Easter to you and the missus
and benefits so few.
Next man upshaw.
It appears in Hamilton County moderates were the winners.
Best line from was the serious/accurate bashing of what the press has become at the very end.
How many times can I watch Apple's revolution in computers?
It doesn't seem to tire me.
Especially during a good run on the treadmill.
The money i get back from your gift I'm buying some kush yo,
20 mins and no red line southbound...
300 on platform.
I kinda hate seein melo lose..he is a ggod player and deserves a ring
and thats when I had to bring out the extinguisher
Oh thats so sweet!
Plz pass my wishes for a Happy Anniversary to your grandparents.
lol Ikr!
I made him laugh today like laugh laugh then my mom yelled lol
Damn.
Good thing I'm leaving soon!
Escaping the BS.
Thanks for linking to our site!
Watching playing with team Texas Fuel.
Really enjoying the game!
Very intense!
He's leading with 30 pts.
at the half.
you too!!
Dont count your days.
Make your days count.
RT : join us at the student activities center for FREE CANDY...
invite any friends you like.
I'll have more details soonish
Mexico has had so many opportunities!
well yee haw
Great day to be a Lancer!!!
WWOS sends its deepest sympathys to the family of Wash Capitals goalie Jose Theodore whose 2 moth old son has died, we are sorry
You must read Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer if you like Everest region.
You can go to Everest.
I am
belated thank you for your hospitality.
love your coworking space and what u r doing in Austin!
occupy everything.
Poor baby has butt rash.
He's whimpering because it burns, and I can't do anything to help him.
:
When's the next season coming up, can't wait to see how you're doing
I thought she was bad built cause her tigs
How's my film processing coming along?
No rush, but I'd love to see some prints soon and have another chat.
;
ryan braun handles himself as well as any past or present pro athlete in front of a mic.
Why is there no other rangoon?
Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?
Hell Yeah.
Being called a dork 
As I walked out of PBS' offices, Sit and Be Fit was playing on the monitors.
Bless you, PBS, for all the formative memories.
Great suggestions RT : Q9 CPR Manual, Choking hazards, poison help.
Other baby items.
Like meds, ointments
Hanging up my 1D posters.
: x
16 innings sox.
What the hell?!?!
Lady on the train giving baltimore recommendations: phillips seafood and power plant live.
She would be wise to start reading Bohs and o's
It was a good day for the met sox

The other is XFILES last feature film.
AlienBilderbergClub of Rome alliance to.....introduce a H1N1 type virus...ironically engnrd
Hahahahah sorry!
You're not dumb, they probably hang out all the time!
c;
Just chowed down a buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries preWOD.
It's probably ok...
No problem.
Great work!
playing chris brown remix fet.
Rihanna in few min crazy dope..
Blast that dj!!!!
i see your true colors
lmao.
Smh !!
Don't get so bad we put you on that show though.
Haha.
Smooth ride 2 Ft Wayne tonight.
Pioneers take on Manchester at 3pm tomorrow.
Going for win  six.
Women play  1 pm.
W.transysports.com
you fancy, huh?
On Wed night, a tire flew off my car as I turned a corner.
Thank goodness that my uncle has A!
Now I'm trying to get it fixed.
thanks for the follow back!
Easiest way to wake up in the morning?
Have it be sixty degrees.

goodnight to my adorable little boy who lives a/b halfway around the world.
I pray the Lord blesses this child  his family abundantly!
3
Skinny hot dogs 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTFRIEND JAIME!
Finally 15!!!
LOVE YEW
Anytime You made my day.
Much respect and ill keep my eyes peeled for your new disk!
Telling someone I had a doctoram about you is code for: I had a doctoram we fucked and now I want to.
Long but fruitful day collecting interview and archival data.
Reviewing imsges  glad that I'm collecting all the latter with d9050mm prime
Who's up i just got up and I'm bored and its raining
RT : Apparently, prunes have gotten an image makeover and are now known as doctored plums.
Who decides these things?
Answering Questions  Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!
Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
I know!
I always say it to myself when I'm stressed out !
For this audition, call me doctor August.

is it dead?
David De LaRocco favoriteboondocksaintquotes /via
Got it at Best Buy.
: Listening to my bro goodmusic soundcloud thanks bro!!!
TT, I think I got a dope idea for the gift project.
Hehehehe!!!
We're here to help.
Keep us posted on your progress!
yes I am very interested.
hokas help runners win 100m.
I'm within one standard deviation from the mean lottery numbers.
Does that count for something?
If you gone lie to me just stay the fuck away from me
Welcome to Miami, great to have you here this weekend.
Best of luck to you.
Love to watch on , but there is no way I'm turning off Chris' programming is WAY more relevant.
Boston needs the power of the stache.
Wish I could go back to Hofstra  take your class.
coursework is very well thought out.
They doing any fieldwork in Hempstead?
Day 2 of densi super fun.
Great to meet my team tonight.
awesome!
let us know your WF username once you input some recommendations so we can check them out.
The inside of a shower doctorin of a girls bathroom is incredibly horrific...
Ohmygosh!
:/ gags
Thanks south!
onceuponatime ABC, please deposit my cut...
PayPal preferred.
yep!
And hes a wing player
I voted YES on the merger!
Vote today, and members today for !
i think he regrets the whole show , i know i do
I want a ticket!..
a fish from Australia
sounds pretty awesome
All you'd need is one rude houseguest and there goes the wallpaper!
Who is this Roman Holiday?
Weird.
Cannot sleep and have work at 8am...
This is the worst.
What is going on this weekend in this great city of ours?
THIS WEEK!
lemurs  patent law  pinger party  masseuse  zin tasting  a whole lotta work happening come join us!
Thanks, I'm stoked!
Im in SanD for short lend, back to heat tomorrow.
:.
Brrrr here!
Woo, cheese fans, Pastoral is on Twitter!
I'm having a jolly day!
Workin my hardest to make my doctorams into
The rigidity of the calendarmonthatatime calendar view really hacks me off!
Why can't I see a rolling 45 week future view of my life?
RIVERS EDGE IS ON NETFLIX INSTANT!
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.
Henry Ward Beecher
If you believe in yourself have dedication pride never quit you'll be a winnerThe price of victory is high but soare therewards P Bryant.
I agree cause I'm out and about..lol: Lol i think itll be better if romo stayed n ny until the next game
known universe shifts wildly now, doesn't it?
No way!
Spotify Eric Ott Letter Box now streaming!
wow your lucky to already be done haha
Lol I love Alli to death.
Wow.
Never thought you could recreate a lifetime of being a Bears fan in one plus quarter, but there you go.
Gut wrenching.
That's what the readonly login is for!
I'm so sorry ignore the tweet that was sent, I was hacked.
my bands gotta show may 12 at music evolution in Orland park, I better see both of you there!!!
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
good u ?
Ha ha

ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH remix: via
Very fitting for a player that had to deal with a lot of change and craziness during his 4 years at UK.
I Hate My Face is treading wtf.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL THE WAY YOU ARE!!
Don't let anyone tell you different.
This paper is the last thing I want to be doing.
But on the plus side, I am 1/4 of the way finished with my 1st set of courses
I've FINALLY uploaded my Challenge 6 photocheck it out!
aw what's wrong hun????
Another day on the beach!
I'm getting WAY to used to this.
I just dont understand why my love isn't good enough.
Psalm 85:10 Love and faithfulness meet together; righteousness and peace kiss each other.
Wow!
Just asked execs from Dow, Dupont, etc to open up their data.
Some actually followed up with me to continue the conversation
you should..; that would be funn
I'm HYPE!!!
Who's it gonna be...
Heat or Mavs??
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
Sure, why not?
RT : Pizza again for lunch?
Lol
What is your favorite solo piano album of all time?
I didnt mean to get carried away, I've been awake for two days and I'm barely awake.
I'm too tired and hungry to do calculus
Great information from with a bonus of great coffee  wifi.
thanks,
RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for 1vsMany ??!!
Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
Authenticity is a byproduct of human connection.
People want to connect with people, not strategies.
I love you !
You are the best guy who doesn't know menon friendwon't follow meguy a guy could ever have.
You rock in em!
RT :Thanks for the high waist skinnies!
They fit like a second skin  love 'em!
Haven't seen the oscar favs yet, but I enjoyed Muppets, Tinker/Tailor, Horrible Bosses, Project Nim  Conan O'Brien Can't Stop.
Gruden heated on Badgers Russell Wilson with Kiper Jr: He's gonna go real quick.
He's going to be one of those guys that defies the odds.
Let your natural energy take you where you need to be
I'm at the point inllife where i've gotta figure out what i'm doing with myself...
thanks for spreading the word Jen, hope you are well!!
I cant remember the last time I wasn't at least kind of tired.
I can't wait for 's tweet attack!: Hopefully i get a answer: ILOVEYOU!!!
Except Brown is American.
Which makes him a Real American Hero.
Thanks for all your great tweets Tim!
RT Now listening to 's ATV3 LEOP Mission Director Adam Williams.
I Love Shake It Up RT if you do too haha D
i know rite
Startup or Fortune 500, every organization should mentor their people.
A process is ideal, making the time to do it is essential.
Physical Agility Test this morning.
Pray for me.

I want Brewers.
Why no Brewers?
I found where I should'a been in the NLDS photo, but was at the seam  they don't seam seamlessly.
I just can't get enough.
HAPPY FATHER DAY TO ALL THE DADS OUT IN THE WORLD :
where he performing at?
You should respond to him then.
I'd love to see which information is inaccurate.
BlackparentsquotesY'all doctornkEat up everythang..cabinets gon' be doctor round here til the first
Car racing today was so amazing.
You can get addicted watching a 3 lb car go 2 miles an hour around an indoor track.
Aw how cool i bet your so Happy right now!!!
:
sure.
When we have time.
Good morning, friends!
Did you have a good weekend?
Nothing gets me all fucked up then someone randomly entering your life unexpected making you feel different   happy and then it ends
cool.
RT : BuildingMoxie it was for a client, but if it works well, I may end up using it in my own home.
You thought right haha
we missed you on the ice last night, hope it's not the doctoraded upper or lower body injury.
Hope you'll be back soon.
: knowing the quality of the cause should change the way we look  how much  goes to programs
BeezdaTrap on mtv this morning
nigga but the giving you that check AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!!!
Lmfao LML
is the place to be at.
IM TRYING TO FIND SOME FOLLOWERS WHO HAVE NEVER HEARD OF THIS TATTOOMUSIC I SPEAK OF
Thanks for swinging by yesterday John.
It was nice to meet you.
Wants a vacation so bad!!!!!
Dude!
These FL Idiots need to quit making excuses  make an arrest before FL burns!!
All everyone wants  deserves is the truth!!
another is termination for fired
How funny!
When someone walks into my store they atomatically say Yum smells like a candy store they forget all the stress that came w/them
Thanks for the follow!
See you at the F20 Summit.
head over to crazy lils for 1 natty lights and 3 cherry  grape bombs!
i was gonna wish on 11:11 but as i was going to,it turned to 11:12 haha, oh wale!!
x
Updated Tweetdeck after whoknowshowlong.
I feel like a laggard who just got IE6 ripped from my deathgrip.
Lost.
Confused.
Alone.
what if u r not.
Your articles are all rendered unreadable by your ad formatting right now, Grantland.
Boo.
Miami's back on...just have to take a little detour through Chitown.
Everyware has professorund implications beyond previous IT paradigms.
EVERYWARE.
By Adam Greenfield
Can't wait...Jefferey Campbell and I are going to collab on a project together for Urban.
Did you miss the point of the question?
I'm going to check out the launch of
thanks !
You too!!
TargetCanada is going to be tight
haha okay :D ......oh n i said 'mindblowing' hmm wait ...
mindblowing there ya go lol
this is fantastic news.
RT The fans have spoken...Slightly Stoopid and on tour Summer 2012
SOMEBODY CALL MY MOMMA!
Funkasaurus on Wrestlemania!
I liked the revival of La Cage.
The lead was greatI believe Douglas was his name.
Ha my mom thinks im staying here for college.
Think again mother
It's been almost a year and no tweets.
I'm fine.
How are you?
Announcement: Lord K's vocal chords are now completely healed.
Klusoz was crazy last night!!!!!
Tonight we continue the party  Bombay Ranch!
Tonyc graduation party part 2
He may not be perfect but he's perfect me i love all his imperfections they make him unique
Abita specials  giveaways, trivia Tuesday, Timmy Michelle  Sarah on the bar, laissez les bon temps rouler at the Mellow tonight!
Wouldn't you love to skip applying eyeliner everyday?
Look and the befoe and after photos and think about it.
was wrong wiit that one
So Alex Gordon apparently hates winning?
oh that's right!
hooray!
tell him again, he's a little dense.
what is wrong with these people
Don't mention it buddaye RT Sorry this is taking so long.
The Poet of ComicVine is now 80!
Out of pain comes creation
Tennessee benefits not payable on basis of services to individuals who provided services to/on behalf of edu institutions cc
No doubt nonclassical...
Yup, the definitions of genres are cloudy!
My work is more like creations from the heart.
Cheers!
Interpolation  in my concrete block one room home with 8 Mozambican orphans last season watching Daytona on Net.
Bulging Eyes!
I really hope he sees it too.
he deserves it hah
anything well.
as are you Crumpelstiltskin.
Who's celebrating birthday tomorrow at Savoy!?
No excuses there's no school or work!
RT RT
Is that sturdy or dirty?
I'm only in the market for the former.
To view American Legacy's Mobile Truck Experience visit www.youtube.com/americanlegacymag.com today!
I gave a tour to 's Jackie Gaughan and his family today!
i need sum food real bad
needs to learn to be nice..
Sound of Things exhibit opens at the Oakland Museum of California check it out  May 12, all day and night
rtmediasummit jim iovino of nbc4 and arin greenwood of huffpoBe cogniscent of what reporters want for story when pitching, make it easy
s/o to one of my best friends , i can talk to her about anything, she's the best, and really cool and funny too!
: Hahahaha.
That was probably us.
Oh man :
New avatar for Preakness ...
me and 's Tiger Walk.
Did you hear the Los Angeles Community College District is building green  its one of the nation's largest green construction efforts
huichica, fyf, possibly outside lands and pickathon.
So many great festival lineups this summer!
That hilarious moment when you fall and everyone thinks you're hurt but you are laughing
A Pimp Named Slick Back.
Dear Comisterde, our operatives have been following you all along, and we haven't been too happy with your recent actions.
does libleadership have any special characteristics related to it?
Who sends flowers on Valentines Day?
Cupigs!
I think I'm so used to traveling that I get antsy when Im home.
I feel glad to be back in my bunk.
Doing the right thing doesn't always feel right.
Have a nasty feeling I may be a key player in 2 fellow employees quitting/getting fired.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Put a small amount of money aside regularly to help you through the lean months.
Looking forward to watching pilot the No.
38 Great Clips Chevrolet to victory tonight.
First of 3 wins for KK this weekend!
I wish i woulve seen Jason's nerd face!!
Dangit i missed it 
: You know I just voted yes for SAGAFTRA merger !
OneUnion We share an urge to merge!
Join us in voting YES!
Downloading The Devil Inside...let's see how scary it is
food stamps are not welfare.
Welfare hasn't existed since the 90s.
Don't stop living because someone else chooses to be a quitter!
What a woman wants to do with her body is her business but what Ahmadinejad wants to do with nuclear weapons affects us all.
Love that the Wizards had a players only meeting that was....15 minutes long.
Yeah...had quite an impact.
I'm a WOMAN.
I dont smoke, doctornk, or party every weekend.
I don't sleep around or start doctorma
Best day ever!!!
Accidentally got a little piece of bacon in my salad!
Ford Motor Company posts its strongest U.S.
March sales in five years with 223,418 vehicles sold, a 5 percent sales increase over last March
Save time in the gym
maybe, now I have to pay more attention
Disney again tomorrow.
The WellsFargo HereNow 20Twelve is rocking with live band and a hype crowd!
The excitement is out of this world!
It is for ALL clubs, designed for GOOGLE searches, need the club number and invite code  we set up the pages.
im going to grow my hair out you guys!!!!
3
Call for artists for Northeastern's 2012 interdisciplinary grad conference Memory Remains.
Send submissions to memoryremains2012
The grass in right field looks like its been photoshopped.
thanks Azalea : I hope I'll grow to like it or get it fixed..
Or stop being so doctormatic.
How old are you?
You never know with them :p
The mention of bringing back Arrested Development as a result of listening to social feedback generated much applause.
As it should.
Woah, just saw someone compare Herb Kohl's ownership of the Bucks with that of Al Davis and the Raiders.
Not quite.
Thx!
We're letting them know about the error  Karen Greenberg joined Fordham Law in fall 2011
Great photo!
Knowing it won't do the country or your trip justice, how would u describe visiting Vietnam in 140 characters?
exactly  with a boy theres LESS doctorMA !
Economics at eight.
anyone know how to sort msgs in the newtwitter?
mine appear in random order and it would be nice to sort them by date
Q: do you think im cute?
A: i don't know you professorle picture is a car so im guessing your a transformer;3
thanks for the follow ...i love you.
Life is so beautiful.
How about now?
It looks like will be a great event but it is misleading to call investments prize money.
Coffee and studying.....?
FF thanks!
blog is solid.
Married With Childoctorn never gets old
seriously thanks.
It's more fun when twitter isn't about yourself...
Being new to twitter I needed to know that..
Peyton Manning Indy's favorite son, we are proud of you and thankful for the best experience a sport could offer.
Forever cheering our
Carpe these nuts 
I just want to enjoy my self is that to much to ask for
at work
If you don't follow
So tired
u look familiar...
do we no eachotha
So we shouldn't get too excited.
Regression to the mean.
What's your theory as to why he's so good in April?
Batters timing?
Omg.
Your smile.3
Haha yeah, yeah we love it!
I never thought we would go as often as we do living in Louisiana
is currently singing to the little mermaid...
First sky dive experience  amazing!!!!
What a rush!
Welp getting braces next week!
The Literary Love Poem contest at is on 2/29!

Is being given the silent treatment.
lol
I did not know was an Aries  she's one of my best friend.
ATSU Faculty: Respondus 4.0 is now available to you in your Downloads folder within the Portal.
The new version is worth the download!
RT God turn the heat down
Shots Shots Shots !
!!!
RT : I don't know how to express my feelings for shit
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.
Frederick Douglass
love you seeeester 
Just watched my cofounder kill it at vatorsplash  go !
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
you pee your bed
running around promotin the show!!!!
just got home to do homework!!!
BOO!!!
can't wait for pract.
tonight!!!
At the lab with the best of emdoctoram stodeo
Can't ever sleep in this town.
for your mktg peeps: MT is looking to fill 2 marketing specialists and 2 sales positions immediately fb.me/16QGJwMos
she wants yours too, apparently she cant fill out a restraining order form without it.
I have no patience for those who constantly waste my time.
Be about your business
Inspired by you, looking for my way to serve that fills me up too!
It's often the small things  like a warm chai tea on a very chilly morning :
Awesome, thanks!
:
You say you want 3 we can meet at the Valero..

Learned a lot.
So inspired to hear your talk.
Hoping for greater accountability in wash and
This dude thinks my twitters fake lmao!
Long night
lol.
No.
I seriously have been a 49ers fan since the days of Ronnie Lott and them back in the day.
you identify T.
Murphy as a Dem in your story rather than a Republican...
Done!
Sorry 'bout that.
Inter Caesa et Porrecta  There's many a slip twixt cup and lip
I always say I'm gonna go to bed early but I never do.
mercadito fail on service.
Good on food.
Thanks for the link.
my pleasure!
So great to meet you today!
Me: one of the chicken strips looked like Steven Tyler My mom: it did?
Me: yeah, it looked like a dirty old man
looked crazy...I am not a camping kind of girl ;
What are the new rules for calling someone after a date in a world with Twitter, MySpace, Facebook, email, blogs, and RSS feeds?
Cheesy grits and honey!
Besides me, who is going snowboarding at Bear Mountain tomorrow???
Good night sweet doctorams talk to u later!
Luv all U!!
like wht text me
Cristina  her dog  some of my favorite tweets!
RT : I just saw my dog smile while sleeping.
My life is complete.
Broken down just outside of DC.
Who needs brakes??
FF FollowFriday Kelley Currie Random tweeting about Asia, human rights, democracy and US politics
If beard were an animal, it would undoubtedly have zero natural predators and every living organism would be its natural prey.
How did they respond?
Pretty cool ....
I'm programming iPhone 5 and iPad 3 apps ...
yeah youtube.com/watch?v3UytiX
Still doctoraming of amazing food on the streets of Denver  need that cart!
Well, I'm relieved I got behind on This American Life and never listened to the Apple episode.
What's everyone doing for the Superbowl?
Hope you all have a great night!
To Weed Or Not To Wed :
No matter how long I've been in racing, the four wide salute to the fans never gets old.
Body lookn like Milk
But iv been just so busy.
:o
As their upcoming IPO is reportedly estimated to raise 2B to 7B; probably too large to bite off as an aqu.
for most cmpnies
I've Got a Feelin that 2day's gonna be a GOOD DAY!
TPC, Family  Friends...def a GOOD DAY!
My skin right now 
Roses are red, Violets are blue.
So were my eyes...
When you said I love you 3
Bring Back Ringer 12
lmfao i know she was like my favorite flavor of Popsicle is DICK
haha oh yeah, I can't complain!
And I get to come back tomorrow!
Hype hype hype
yeah same here
Thanks Detroit for an Amazing Show!!!
MSU Swangers!
A hug is a powerful thing to some people,
Was sleep woke back up fuck im tired
Everyone just relax.
: Vikings Stadium bill passes full senate 38  28.
I 2nd that!
hm lets get to planning on some mountain moves!
you in?
Have a great parade  I gots to work.
Pay attention to detail, do the little things  they make the biggest difference
82 degrees in Long Beach right now!
looks like another perfect weekend for hydoctorbiking!
call 5625462493 to reserve a ride!
: RT : Have you seen the new Verlo mismatch commercial?
It stars Nice!!
When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more.
It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace.
GBShaw
let's be honest, would you rather have him or the McMoxieBoldenJones holy triumvirate, though?
Thanks to everyone who made the cooking demo a success!
We will be offering a FREE cooking demo and tasting each month!
I wanna know!!!:D
I weigh 2.82 Firkin!
I better lose a stone.
Today we begin working on a fashion photoshoot for the upcoming summer campaign of a top department store, February 2729.
all you had to do was say you wanted me instead of subtweetin' me ; jk!
yep.
Gave a talk yesterday.
You down here?
Any of my PR friends out there looking for a prjobs?
We have a position open at the SAE level.
DM me.
Usually yes
yessir you should stop by tomorrow night.
Several Brewers will be there, George Kottaras is guest bartending.
OH SHE KNOW...I TOLD HER QUIT TALKING THAT MESS TO ME pounds first in hand
RT NO SORRY, SANTORUM, YOU MUST CARRY YOUR DEAD PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN TO FULL TERM.
I like how you're a bitch now
hehehhe I got one of those from my mom!
No, not really.
But it was a milestone I never thought I'd reach.
So I was shocked when I did.
And I miss it is all.
i love this!!
next show will u know all the words?
:
so sorry you went to the box too many times this week.
Have what it takes to be the next best thing?
Head to VC 3270 and audition for Baruch's Got Talent competition from 12:30  2:30 today!
You didn't have to stoop so low..
What would you say if i told you i love you ???
love your songs !
good !
i kno im jst a fan but I LOVE YOU lol
Pac12 might as well just start the season on March 7th next year.
Praying for your precious daughter and family!
So concerned.
So what do users expect out of I.T.?
Glad you asked:
name doctorpped
Sorry, Andoctorw Luck.
Looks like Tebow will be the first pick this year.
Do you think Sherlock reads John's emails to girlfriends?
Oh, poor John.
Good luck!!
osamabinladen We are researching here to figure out why buried at sea?
speculates it was to keep from him getting exhumed
Chump Car racing today and tomorrow....
Who's planning to be there?
you Rock
practice tonight at Temple track, then hopefully back in time to see final minutes of a SWEEP
Which areas of your home are usually the busiest, and how do you try to protect your flooring in these high traffic zones?
Hatred is an affair of the heart; contempt that of the head.
i miss ANGELO!!
Wow!
RT 25 Billion Apps Downloaded From the Apple App Store
Wonderful candidates forum tonight!
Thanks so much to everyone that attended.
I think you're right
HowToAnnoyYourServer sit on your Bluetooth for 20 minutes while I'm waiting for take your order.
And wave me away when I check on you.
She didn't look nothing like her avi lmao
we would like a tweetboard at our event tonight at Maria Maria.
Do we have enough time to set up by 7?
My family is too much right now!!
aw thanks 3
If you don't design your own life plan you'll fall into someone else's plan.
And guess what they have planned for you?
Usually not much.Rohn
Spring break!!!!!
Yes!!!
Fighting next week in Houston.
Ready to stay up late and play video games!!!!
Gorgeous day out!
So what time is it supposed to snow?
what is this?
You inspire me to dance!
And i love you and I love the ROAMMusicVideo !
3 xoxo
forecast here is high of 49, no rain, which is perfect for New York City Marathon runners, not the spectators
Oh.
Duh!
's new icon is so cutee!
He has such a cute nosee333 lmfaoo
lol ok good now no one has to worry
But they playing the Lakers tho lol RT : These are the type of games I live to watch OKC vs LAC
ahaha awesome!
I'ma see if i can swing a geetar bag, too...
Apparently average offensive skills, a couple of flakey goals, and a lot of horrible defensive play means big bucks these days.
Hi all.
Happy that you are following.
Thank you:
There are weirder things.
More bananas for me!
But I don't like banana pudding, so we're even.
And the 'Its okay we still got rings' tweets will commence in 5..4..3..2..1.......
you betta stop and scoop up some tacos...
hi c:
FINALLY in the theater for MidnightHungerGames.
Got an awesome seat!
I'm so STOKED!
Let the games begin.

This year can be your year of thriving instead of striving.
The key is living in God's grace and power, not your own.
Not even pretending to be able to deal with this rush hour traffic
haha I get paid in kentucky
Great int by Rambo in OT for the
At SJ hideaway for turkey day dinner.
So grateful for great friends to share Thanksgiving with ;
is there a T3 event tonight?
That's awesome girl : Are you competing in kick next year?!
why are you so fucking flawless
their cheddar chicken on Wednesday is fantastic!
come with yeah?
3WordsOfAdvice don't be fake!
Wear that on Wednesday!
Haha, Facebook thinks I'm actually friends with the people I add.
Cute 3
I say thee nay!
Fighting jet lag via eating a macaroon every time my eyelids start to close
Almost timesee you at To Be Heard tonight 7pmkicking off our doc series!
hope I win!!
This would be amazing!
:
are you coming Saturday or what?!?!?
:
I totally agree!
miss you you stunnerr!!!
Hard to believe no one has invented a riding vacuum cleaner with refrigerated keg holder and wireless ESPN.
Midnight Strikes Midtown; 95 open bar, complimentary toast at midnight, and great music by Kidd Star!
Great job Brad!
Roll Tide!!
maybe we could do both
your freeweights?
why were they using the 2.5s?
what are you doing???
Any cheesesteak 5 continues until 3pm today at the store Alta/Decatur.
Not too late to get you cheez on!
Glimpsed Space Shuttle Discovery from the bus this morning.
Amazing sight.
TWITTER'D!!!1
Another great SFGiants game.
wats ya email
no problem not celebrating today doing work stuff
Dang, Bruno Mars killed it..
I need to find a new look or quit.
Fml
Ladies, just a thought, if your feet have a bad toenail to toemeat ratio....
DO NOT WEAR SANDALS!!
Thank You
kind of sounds like that song john doe but its cute i like it...
The worst part is, is that you actually mean that.
barfs
Indeed.
What you up to, ?
Realized was pretty mean in this season.
But she wanted it so...
is open from 8 a.m.
to 8 p.m.
today.
13,000 new and used books for your reading pleasure.
Stomach is aching this morning.
Probably because I was the one who cooked dinner last night.
You're welcome!
RT watched a show  suddenly remebered yr lecture in rebro.
totally related to yr words THANKS
Isn't it wonderful?!
Windows open here and the scent of fresh cut grass very happy.
But you're still neurotic and I love it.
I got heartburn :
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 69 Divorce.
Tampa Friday Special.
Call NOW
Decision Points by George Bu...oh it's englishmajordoctornks nevermind...
Awesome side benefit of being at asecs12.
So many new Twitter and Facebook friends!
doing anything to enjoy the weather today?
In rehearsal...at
Thanks, man.
US has to knock down the outside looks.
Long rebounds  transition hoops for the Orange  typical disgusting display
I can get you tagged with one of those mircotracking chips if you'd like
approaching Lincoln Square.
Lady Gaga branded karaoke app for the iPhone/iTouch hits the Apple itunes app store on Monday, 11/23.
Be one of the first to get your copy!!
gotta give her props she aint quittin on that shit haha she making that sub look hella stupid!!
will do
I so agree.
This needs to stop.
No one should feel that suicide is an option.
You still mean everything to me, but you're just not worth the fight anymore.
haha so good!
heading to telluride next week for the bluegrass fest so cant make it  tell everyone i said hello!

I know of at least one that's jealous.
that is my ex roommate...but I was too busy to complete task...so usually just ended up getting door shut
would you be interested in instructing?
it's a week long in august.
My grandfather had a portable one.
I wish I had it today.
hope your weekend is rad!
The presentation to the doctors at Hasbro went well.
Hope to get a copy of the video to share
Looking forward to tonight's episode of HardcorePawn and you yet again being better than Seth.
Go teamashley.
:
Hate when he keeps tryin to get back with me for the 4th time, just stop bro.
Enought is enought.
PunxsutawneyRomney will hide for 6 More Months!
Only The Shadow Knows!
Boo!
Miss you more mama.
Sending hugs and kisses to you and my beautiful girls!!!
Good luck with that:
Mom and dad just signed me up for advanced puppy classes at I am so excited to go learn and play!
bout time i tweet lol
I just went on an did it today, you just add it on.
LOVE when Olivia does that head nod after she completes a sentence!
Morning Twitter folks
Sounds like a good time!
RT Can't wait to introduce to a breakfast buzz smoothie when we come for the Color Run..
why?
You would do the exact same thing...
can I talk to you??
or rather, Monday.
forgot I'm working it from home tomorrow.
Lulz.
Thank you Patsy!
I'm thrilled you enjoyed it.
YO KID WAKE YO BUTT UP AND GET ONLINE!!!!!
Apparently there were Aristotelian themes in Source Code.
Thank goodness that there are prcis to cause this kind of contemplation.
Restart gnomeshell to clear transient notifications.
That's an unexpected step.
This feeling is terrible, make it go away.
umm can I just say I can't wait for the movies?!
Raise your weapons...
RT The acoustics  acapellas in some of the songs is just amazing
My daddy's Carne Asada is the best!
Always makes me proud!
uhh yeah.
that sort of happened...
xD
HAPPY SEVEN MONTH ANNIVERSARY, NATHANIEL.
:
hahah and blatantly peeing in the middle of the street
I love it!!
I couldn't believe how young we looked.
I think to trend it must have  yes?
Saw a barely used board go for 20 last night.
If it's anything like last night, today looks to be a great day at the Ski Patrol Ski Swap!
watching the mail vlog!!
florida a fun team to watch cause they light it up from three...
should be a great game with marqu
most useless family in america!
Mass incarceration from a doctorg war is simply Bad policy.
at great American ball park!
But besides that, in my living room on the big screen!
dont cry!!
i know people that can fix that.
Thanks for the follow Chuck Bluestein!
:
I was there for that...
I will be there!!!!!!
And so will and We wouldn't miss it!
buckeye football is back!
springgame gobucks!
Great article thanks for sharing Dallas!
May that's less copyright and enters a different realm and I'm using the wrong verbiage.
um my daughter is that a new tattoo?
Try a Chinese chair massage.
Those guys dig in really deep to get the knots out.
That certainly does take half the cake.
Ahem.
Be a Lady not a Bitch
Aw yea PSYCH!
Has a messier candy bar than Butterfinger been invented?
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundoctor and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath.
At night, the ice weasels come.
kk im going to work on it promise bcuz ur friendship means the world to me :
You could do the trendy thing and cheer for the underdog powerhouse: Boise State
WeCantBeTogetherIf your paranoid
I'm talking about the thing where Jones and Ruth were the only ones.
shahs that Ge Ge needs a good butt whoopin....
Sergie stopped replying.
I just have 1.
I would b willing to let go of it, if I knew 1 of u would get it.
I'm a huge thunder lightning fan
It hurts me to think that you've ever cried.
Niall Horan
Ok good morning dollies n genties I just got up n I'm n pain but I love it cause its good pain...love working out...go veggi..got to love it
You still sound like crap!
RT : Could a crisis occur on Pinterest?
Yes.
Be prepared to respond to control chatter on all networks you have a presence...
you sure?
Annoyed..cuz when I get hit w/the bad, it really comes..nt a little at a time but it's kinda like the big bang...
Support Dining Out for Life tomorrow night between 58pm and 10 of sales will be donate to help local HIV and AIDS organizations
doctorving to Irving.
ETA 1:31 PM using  Social GPS.
It's your birthday?
Happy!
Feel like shit today .....
Recieved awful news Thursday and i'm sick .....
Urghh!!!!
Social media will be a better marketing tool than email in 35 years Ricky Choi
That's dog food and doctor cat food.
I want the Fancy Feast that is in the cupboard.
Jus so u kno I did produce fresco Kane aka gena new single they do....
lmmfao hahahahaha it's a jungle in there
Excuse me as I shoot this girl in the face.
Timothy Bradley Jr.
defends WBO junior welterweight title with 8thround TKO of Joel Casamayor
Harry is already on LA?
DCision12 and/or DCPrimary I think
Okay I promise i'll write more!!
just let me finish my math homework
Two years ago today I went to my first ever Taylor Swift concert.
Little did I know then that that concert would change my life.
I never have, but I see it on the Travel Channel and Food Network all the time.
Thus, realizing that my life is not complete
Talking about how we like it, lol.
definitely interested in the test
Well thank you....
happy to be spending it with my family...
but thanks to my bro, doctornks aplenty!
Time to watch what I eat...
literally.
If I die young, bury me in satin.
Lay me down on a bed of roses.
Sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song.
Your sweet moonbeam, the smell of you in every single doctoram I doctoram.
Depends on what time zone ur in, it comes on at 7 for me, try 7 or 8 somewhere near
RISD Annual Fund and Alumni Association are at iModules Sizzler11 conference.
Looking forward to better engaging with our alums!
Graduated 1 year ago today.
It's amazing the things you can do in 365 days to change your life forever.
Great presentation by Shyam Sankar and the Palantir folks, and great to see their AnalyzeTheUS site.
For Christmas I want a semicolon and a switchblade comb.
Unless they win another title.
Eventually they'll have to do a full week of shareholder meetings, lol
Guess who's hosting Hannity's radio program this evening?
Our buddy, !
Build and be a constituency, move form the individual level to the collective when demanding that what works gets to scale
haha LOVE that episode :
who are you and how did you get on my timeline?
...and the two radio stations are both local  WBALAM and 98 Rock.
The TV stations sites are all run off the same basic template..
So I can be their official TwitterJock for SummerJamz15 June 23 at Chene Park ...get to hang with the DJs  meet the artists
.
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is now available in the kindle lending library.
great, no worries for you then!
:D
Hey is a great marketing knowledge base as noted by in
What's sad is all I want to do is weigh myself right now to make myself feel better..
RT : Congrats to Bailey Kasten, Director of Operations!
She was listed by as an AmericanWonk!
My prediction is Tony Lucca.
That would make 2 for .
RT : Young professorssionals Week is here.
Please RT and spread the word.
watching movies at home you?
a hot dog and on the back a couple hamburger buns
okayy thank you!;
Simple explanation: Charter schools are overseen by authorizing agencies which are responsible for their quality
i'll probably be in magic kingdom at some point during the day, we usually go every night we're in disney
aye wat up wit that track bro
I'm Always Up Around This Time, Wyd Up?
RT : isn't it a little to early for you to be up?
: Im gonna take u to Mcdonalds for your bday I'm allergic..lol some like J.Alexander sounds more like it 
its sunny outside.
time to get up and enjoy the day.
never give up on something that youu cant go a day without thinkingg about!
I'm seriously getting up early tomorrow to watch The Legend of Korra on Nickelodeon.
What is my life.
Speechless...
RT  Word on the street is that Parks and Rec will be filming on campus tomorrow...
wer u at
How was ur day ma nigga
So I guess Marta is not that bad when you live and play in the city.
your so beautiful.
Watch on Sat.
morning with Christine Chang talking about her 2 Colfax wins and the half this year!
bro.
I didn't meet them wah.
It feels like Cali here in Oregon :D
kids these days give Reggie no love.
Kinda sad.
That man could flat out score.
There's typically nothing good about morning.
Unless u wake up to graffiti on ur car window
About to meet up with and gettin it in and make some big moves!!!!
We're prepping for a new set of sales and a new site layout!!
How are YOU revamping things for 2012?
Sorry for the mis read Skip.
I'm curious, what was the doctorving force behind starting the blog?
4 many its a new role but not u
Lol.
Smh.
The Lakers been loosing from the jump
Follow me at for my most current tweets.
Thanks for the FF!
:
Giftsinkind as liabilities rather than assets
Man on a day like this I wish I was laid out on the beach with a hot chick next to me.
thanks.
I borrowed someone else's info and that worked, maybe a typo in my password
my background is boring and white.
LIKE ME.
so someone plz make a liam bg c:
the best program of the world Shakeitup!:
RETWEET if you are online and want more FOLLOWERS 
I wanna talk to Savi
Maybe put a few potted plants in the bathroom?
By the way, your man to follow for the fastest rain delay updates is
: Don't miss GUESTLIST!!
You can make it!!!
We know you can!!
:D
Water has a taste that you can't explain.
and you know it ;
Right now I'm worried about someone who was a part of my life.
Almost 500!
Thats crazy we just hit 400 last night!!????!?
Thank you guys at 500 we will give you guys a news update
I think there are nonobvious ways to lead
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Lewis Carroll
Freedom is the only way yeah!!!
Booked Palm Springs, CA Vacation!
Man is it beautiful in Baltimore today.
Feel like unzipping my jeans, sitting back, and watching Netflix on my deck.
Thank you  thanks for the follow.
Let your fans know we're giving away a 42 TV this week.
What!??
That is some crazy cool hair!
It looks a little like mine ;.
Tell her she Rocks!!
Hey follow our merch guy He's a true gentlemen and a wonderful lover
That cut real deep.
:
How did our weather go from 'California Sunny' to 'London Foggy' in under 24 hrs?!
Still, better than 'typical' March in Chgo stuff.
Jada said Mommy Can I do a Dance Show for you ?
yeah.
It had to be a gift to an executive.
I'm in Miami.
Woooop
Nice!
Those are some nice accomplishments for 2011.
Wish you the best in 2012!
I've heard a little bit.
Will check In tomorrow.
ThingsThatNeedToEnd is still not having a record deal, come on I want a CD ;D
was circle the doctorin about russel??
just wonderin' songs badass regardless
Thanks for the RT!
Must be some sort of voodoo.
We are so proud of you, Denise!
You did an amazing job and represented Oklahoma beautifully!
1st backup of 55 gb taking forever.
Please help.
your abs just reached 3k followers!!!!!
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Totally!
Remind me next week!
that last tweet was aimed at and as well
The Devil in the White City....really interesting book about The World's Fair in Chicago in the late 1890's
Celebratory dinner with
Wise Words: Engage  Don't forget to accessorize!
3 it!
Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter link on my youtube channel and see if it goes to my Twitter Account?
So.
Much.
Sleep.
To.
Catch.
Up.
On.
What number?
Haha.
yup.
gotta keep me in line, tho.
cheers!
watt up doee
Did you hear one of the Norfolk players say after, We love you, Obama, but I'm glad we busted your bracket?
I got my child development baby!
I'm so nervous...
Her name is emma:
Snoopy is so funny sitting on the back of the couch and peeking his head through the window blinds to spy outside...
: same.
Tastes so good!
Two thumbs up to my job being shut down to the public due to these power outages...
smooth day ahead.
Haha and you were thinking I was all normal well that's where your completely wrong muahahahahahahaha :
Will you be there?
It's setting up to be the largest attended thus far!!
My daughter's a SHACKER!
see what i did there
I love she's so sweet.
Mahomies Follow her please  I will follow you back.
Good luck at
don't be mad at me sweetie
DEEP THROAT MASTER!
Kenan and kel so need to make another good burger movie!
Lol
There's too many good films on tonight.
I'm lost what to watch...
Like the mouse maisy?
This lady in front of me looks like a four eyed scare crow lmao good God she is ugly lol
You can, but that is one of the things PC does better by default.
Shift  F7 is just so easy.
Sony Unveils Alpha A57 Camera, the Quickdoctorw DSLR
Today I told Jess she's gonna get fat cause she doesn't do any sports.
She said running from the cops was all the exercise she needs.
winner
And we were tired of being mild.
Saw on Spotify a person had an Alternate Rock  Roll playlist w/ Daughtry on it.
I guess the list is the alternative to good music.
Yeesh, I would last for less than a minute with that one
i just realized that in exactly 2 weeks i'll be taking off for afghanistan.
WHAT.
In order to get to where you want to be, you sometimes have to do things you have never done before.
Damn i was tryna save some money this week...
Then i seen the new All Out Raw Shirt, im snatching that shit TODAY!
Craziest night of my life.
Hands down
Thanks to everyone who came out during our last 3 shows!
It meant a lot to see everyone out there!
It's messy business, this Santorum affair.
Belated happy birthday to you!!!!
See you at BUILD?
so are you giving me permission to do it ?
Governor Brewer: formerly a test pilot in a broom factory.
Life is, more than anything, realizing you're terribly somber when you thought you were merely terribly tired.
Gotta stay fit and healthy, especially in this line of business.
nahh thats fine, what is it?
Send me a pic if you have any
UMass gets a huge defensive rebound and they'll go to the line for a one and one.
UMass 72, doctorxel 70 with 23 seconds left
I'm great!
How are you?
Miss you guys!
:
Cool cool !!
I will
So great seeing you guys!
I cannot believe you have not
GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING FOR ALEX 3
What the WHAT?!
Marketing team should now be fired.
follow your sons toe please?
;D
i posted once on mine.
Kinda like getting to a party before anyone else you know shows up.
ddeedsy is with mcenroe!
deeds?
i thought we were watching scooby doo.
I will
They definitely have the heat on and its the summer!!!
Um, who is this girl talking reckless to Skye?
SuperPsycho3
One thing I won't do...
Conform for respect
fucking unicorn MILITARY.They've accepted our worship and betrayed us.
FallonLiveAfterGame Love This Show!!
What are you doing tonight?
is at Trapeze Atlanta  There's a Gang Bang at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale.
Your choice ;
Thanks Ben!!!
Great to see you!!
: RT : you sounded so good last night!
glad I was able to hear ya again.
Relieved Cowboys won.
Doesn't mean too much since it's against the Buccs.
But a win nonetheless.
lol!
Thanks for the laugh?
So much for apathy right?
Happy as hell NBA is back : and Twitter agrees
amen.
That was awful.
I don't care if he is 70 or not.
That was painful.
awes baby
Loving the run so far sir.
Keep up the solid work!
What are we calling the Baldo Bomb/Derailer this time around?
I heart you
Our sky stays clear overnight, we fall to 53.
Tuesday will start mostly sunny with a chance for PM T'storms, warming to 80.
I believe desegregation hurt black ppl in America!
Gmail is down for my account.
Fail.
He's my favorite player and I love to watch him play.
EALS2012 was fantastic!
great panel on forprofessort/nonprofessort models for arts orgs with
I needed to live and to suffer a lot to understand that love is an act of faith!
Yeah, I think that River City is on hiatus.
You would probably know more than me.
Ecomuve is new to me...
Um, all three today.
Sad but true.
No, actually bought phones on Sun, w/great customer servicethen had some probs w/porting so Ryan handled that all for us too!
Pandora tonight...John Williams composing...
Preparing for the Diabetes CME event Repping Healthliteracy is a good reason to get up before the sun rises on a Saturday!
Yay for Gonca Noyan.
Her paper, Inaugural Speeches of U.S.
Presidents on the brink of War was accepted to the 101st Estrn Comm.
Assn.
Conf.
Thanks to for an engaging SM program today
I.love.coffee.
Coachella 2012 lineup why are you not out yet...
Hey guys check out our music tell us what you think and tell us what you hope to see in the near future.
We are here to change the future.
If you haven't already started that process, today's the day.
I'm ready to meet my redneck romeo.
RT : When things get rough, only the truly committed will stick around.
I would probably fail my classes cause I wouldn't pay attention I'd be crying the whole time
There was a gay baby born today in mister Fallens class
I just have to say TheThreeStooges was a great movie!
did a AMAZING job with the casting  just the whole film in general!
:
yup....should be very interesting.
muscle ache kept me awake
I need a real vaca like to islands.
I need some major time alone to think breath relax and let everything go
hey remember on marathonmonday when ate it and cleaned his wounds with a tampon?
Happy Leap Day!
that's cool yeah man I was in some trouble but its all good now fool.
Lets keep it on the DL nigga.
The wind makes me cry!
I made notecards for all but 8 test topics today, wastedmytime but
are you the only person in that bar without a moustache and a flannel?
Come in from the cold and warm up with a tan!
Just a reminder: Thursday is Customer Appreciation Day3 UV Tans on any level!
are you talking about your fans!
The Lucky One
I'm too scared to look at myself in the mirror today.
madd i gotts ta study al night...and my last paper due tomorrow.
RT : Avoid shimmers if your skin is oily.
Especially when blemishes are involved.
god brother !
i need help !
Haha that song sucks RT : Just heard Call Me Maybe for the first time...I'm confused, how do you know whether to call or not
Need some
it's not the same without you being here.
no Russian player wants to actually play in the khl after theyve played here.
Only reason they go is for 
So many problems that need to be addoctorssed and they waste millions on this irrelevant shit.
Working on getting my own Microdermabrasion machine for those that are interested...
I'll have one soon ;
: SalPal reports Cam Newton is at Ravens walkthrough practice to visit his brother, Cecil Newton Jr., a center on Psquad
Special thanks to for sponsoring PVLA's tax workshop yesterday!
FAQs from the session will be posted in January
what's up with me, I feel like I've been eating like a cow.
Good luck to and tonight!
Andoctora Young shares that her fathers film on Nigeria focused heavily on how people have a mis perception of the nation and Africa as a whole
I swear themavs should of kept the same team as last season.
We don't seem to finish up a game strong.
Always short.
On our way!
We heard that, too.
Yikes!
haha sadly yes.
Anyone that needs to pickup tickets to any upcoming show please stop by The Seven Venue tonight to get then from Kansas  6386662
Spooky wind whistling around our building...
Eating pizza and watching Shrek with It's gonna be a good night!!
Ah at this point any car will do!!!!
Three way playoff for medalist honors
Check out Igors tip for the day on the Fall Into Fitness discussion board under the boxes tab.
seems legit to me
we want to!
SOMEBODY break the silence and tweet me back, itd make my day
Well the good news is this offense is never out of it.
Remember all the way back to early April when we all thought that?
Poor a cup of coffee while I study or a glass of wine?
Decisions, decisions..
Next session: moving from DDC to DCC: digital content curation.
Ah Panama, not a good game.
Yes you held back Mexico until the last minute but if we had tied we would have been knokced out anywya soo..
tell me.
I don't know you that's my purse!!
What are your messages?
RIP, Steve Jobs...
And Thank You!
If you up all night working on a paper wtf are you doing on twitter.
You lying u ain't in school.
Same here!
Enjoyed your episode of
Thought we were the only ones who say foreveralone Guess nott.
please follow me?
I love you 
Daughter couldn't find glasses, she says Well, it would help if I had my glasses so I could see to find them.
Seriously lol Blonde moment
RT npdata tech strategy: What do we want to report on?
What measures social impact?
Then build tools to collect data
Last day for Artist Registration!!
www.ghartwalk.com
Wait, was that a Paul Dinello cameo on Colbert?
So close to finishing this chapter.
This is the giveaway I want to win!
Please pick my name!
Don't want this feeling to go away, so it stays
Thanks, Marrissa!
Happy FF to you, too!
I don't feel tardy!
Genius!RT I have an addiction to pretty shoes.
Perhaps we should start a support group that meets at a mall
Hey Matt,That's an interesting stat.The Saints are unbelievable.
Can't blame the last 10 baby lbs on my 2  4 yr old forever.
Although they do contribute to the need for a glass sometimes :.
M.
says we already have.
: is it always sunny like this here?
Housewife status
packing up my life...once again....
There is really no way to teach sex.
Each encounter is different.
All depends on the joys of your partner.
I bet you have a full plate of stories on your hand.
Wanted to see if you were open to public suggestions.
Got a great idea.
That doesn't count.
Kind of defeats the point of Record Store Day, actually.
Walking one's visually impaired teacher into a door is a prank?
When my world is shaking, heaven stands.
G.M.N.I.: Sleep.
That's all I want.
That's not too much to ask for, is it?
omg k srry
It's nine o'clock in the morning and I'm still in bed, don't want to get up, but I have to.
So, world, here I come!
exactly my point!
where are you watching it at?
Little bit of rain there, but we're good to go.
We're like the postal service, but not afraid of dogs.
jen, thanks so much.
i'm super excited to make the back yard cozy and fun.
packing up the room and listening to ...
maybe they can counteract the sadness
Aw!
Thank you!
my shirt has a bald guy with a boombox.
But it can't be hipstery.
It came from KCRW!
did u hear my song
Lord Please Devour All My Enemies.
love QR codes!
I'm sure it is in the UK.
Out here in LA we have yet to have one cold day this winter.
Happy New Year from Best Deal Computers!
We will reopen with our normal hours tomorrow.
If you can solve your problem then what is the need of worrying.
If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying  shantideva.
so many naps today...
Whos from Dallas??
Message us or tweet us if you like CHIODOS, OH SLEEPER, ATTACK ATTACK, FALLING IN REVERSE we have tickets for sept 24th:
First day of break and im up at 7
My mom is going to flip when the phone bill arrives :/.
I use twitter wayy too much
Hahahaha...well if this is in July, maybe I should just plan a trip for that week?!
Hm...
YES!
Thanks again for inviting me!: Highlight of Carmel tweetup was introductions and sharing of community ideas.
sometimes it doesn't feel like I do :
My day off  thinkin I'll go back to bed before my
i am the worst daughter in the world.
sorry im not the well behaved daughter you always wanted mom
better b ready 4 Sunday...it's gonna b SICK!
from The River will b bringing the heat on what a real man looks like!
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
the reason we ask is because many people submitting their iPad 3 videos this week!
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses..
lil wayne, holla ;
What channel is the Red Carpet?
It's not on my tv!
The NFLdoctorft is about to get started, and even before things got started, there was a major trade between the Vikings  Browns.
Press pot coffee and birthday cake for breakfast at Ticket King.
no I am lol!
Cause I have other things to fill my time You take what is yours and Ill take mine Now let me at the truth Which will refresh my broken mind
Thanks TMA...RT : Happy Birthday !!!!
Enjoy your day!
We're proud to be working with doctor Huang and Megan Cermak at the City of Austin's Tobacco and Prevention and Control Coalition
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP  Operators of the world
Shopping w/wife.
Discovered worldwide shortage of orange turtlenecks.
Tragic!
What's the reaction to Google buying ITA?
What does it all mean besides world domination?
: Thanks Debra!
You are SO talented!
:// thanks so much: love you guys and what God is doing!!!
What we should really tweet are the revised jobs numbers from months ago.
You know, if we were smart and stuff.
You have two options, you can look back in 5 years and be right where you are now OR you can look back and see how far you've come
I love how I wake up noticing that I fell asleep waiting for my bf to atleast text me :
I would loovveeee to spend a day with
My spanish getting live
with the baseball team!
Haha
So I youtube shoe nice and almost vomited.....that guy is a nut job with some insane talents
2 of our best editors Naomi Price, Suzanne Deffree will rock the IE STEM Education Conf.
this week!...
Love it!!!
RT : Nice!!
RT : U may have use my trademarked term: CrowdSaucing ;
Hi!
I recently listened to your series of podcasts on iTunes, are there plans to produce future episodes?
I just kind of miss your face!
Being home for a couple mornings makes me love both dad and Bill O'Reilly a little more each day.
Is Jim Nantz's winning call going to be Bubbalicious win!
omg i just dm'ed you something!
And what i said i dont even know!:B
Google is the gateway to the world!
I actually LOL'd.
Is blessed :
YES MOREJOY THEN EVER ITS SO GREAT HUGS BACK AT U
: Going to San Andoctors Colombia in November!
Gotta work my ass hard to be in beach shape!
/we'll see that
Just copped a cd from I respect your hustle man.
Oh Yeah, she just became a HEEL
please,follow me and tweet me?
I'm your fan..
I love you so much Jeydon  your musics is perfect 2
yeah...they are so amazing live!!
Have fun!
We're writing a lot and booking shows.
Finally back on track.
PR2K12
on you have the option to sign up, or login.
Click Login and get a popup saying Great, let's create an account...
what?
Madagascar 3!!!!
Yayyyyyy cant wait to see it!!!
Kid for life!
My favorite material is cashmere!!!
I our suppliers could switch to an acrylic/wool blend.
Once they make enough professort...
Anyone know what is happening on 94 west?
At a stand still for the last 30 min.
Wondering when we might start moving again.
where do you live?
You're a Yankee Laker and Sixers fan.
Plus I don't see a hockey team.
Do you care for NHL?
RT : Man , b.e.t need to play Player club !
tired of seeing the same movies .
Mine too.
Still usable but hard to open.
Bee.
RT My aea lunchbox got damaged either by baggagehandling or inflight shifting :
I do.
Not sure what's on it, but you're welcome to borrow.
: Thx for asking.
Were focused on multiple customers in a number of markets; but cant share specifics right now.
Stay tuned!
We are at the Learning Impact conference in Long Beach today.
Come by our booth for a demo  chance to win doctor doctor headphones
following you too
contrary to popular demand , waking up and being popular is one of my new things to do today
Just got tasked by boss to watch the Nats day game 2day  keep him apprised of how Harper does.
As a baseball fan, awesome assignment.
Haha
...and she went speeding through the rest of her downtown stops.
Must have been behind schedule but it seemed reckless.
I added Twitter and LinkedIn icons to my blog because, you know, Google's stupid.
ANY GOOD TIPS FOR SUNDAY?
LIKE, WHERE TO GO OUT ECT?
.
.
Frankly, I'm a smidge disappointed that he didn't look farther  more accurately n2 the future, 2 2day.
FRIDAY FAVORITES  On this FollowFriday, please share your favorite WV tweeps.
Who should others meet?
If he did that would be my second concert but Tronto is kind a far away:
Don't know yet.
You?
RT : are you heading to the parade tuesday?
20000 signatures on the Official Petition to NBC to save The Tonight Show!
www.imwithconan.com/petition
u kno what that means!?
l
The Vatican should be ashamed.
I know I'm ashamed of them at present.
tell her to dm him now
pockets back on loud mouth
IT'S SAT!
TIME FOR LUNCH  5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE!
En route to to give Robert S.
Pinals Lecture on Humanism and professorssionalism early tomorrow.
Very honored.
Very true.
I just tend to see overtones of that sentiment in most of his writing about the academy and faculty in particular
Aight I'll check it out.
hahah YES!
that night was so awesome lol i still think it looks like i have chest hair in that picture
or an Easter dinner with the family.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Story on NPR about favorite movie lines!!
Stats are now available on the main page of the website.
We'll update these again tomorrow night!
Good luck to everyone tomorrow!
Getting Mcdonalds breakfast this early in the trip would be an amateur move.
We'll be shitting our pants by Baker.
IA
at next weekend.
Then school.
I just found out about this program, is so fantastic.
Persistence is key in obtaining the life you desire.
Persistent in faith and in hope.
Persistent in integrity.
Persistent in your walk.
TREATS!!
Halloween Bake SaleChase Tower skywalk TODAY 11a2p all proceeds go to Urban Day School.
Couldn't sleep.
Been up for the past 4 hours digitally coloring.
Spend way too much time on Richmond Monuments.
I wish I wasn't so busy with work man I wanna start training HARD.
Niggas over here in tears...
: 1 is never 2 old 4 magic, it happens all the time...
I'll help, I promised!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms, Grandmas, Aunts, Sister, and Godmothers out there!
We love you!
been voting forever!!!:3
: Proud of my roots!
you aren't following this Fan,  follow me please Bailey!
Just got out of the Lula Washington Dance Theatre show.
Great performance by a talented and dedicated company.
Thanks performers and guests!
you do realize we work next to each other?!
Lunch Friday???
im doing a get well soon card for since hes hurt.
Al i need is names for the card and if you want messages for the video
RT I eat healthy and exercise but its the COLD FX that prevents me from being sick SHUTT UP
What are the Cliff notes on Sapp?
Please educate those of us not actually in the league :
great.
very relaxing
Baby Raises Awareness of SMA
Great practice run today in Santa Monica with over 20 miles done!!
/// Ah, the usual....beats and designs.
You?
RT : Thanks homie!
What's new?
My weekend was pretty rad.
Did you do anything worth telling?
I'd like to know.
I danced....a shit ton.
oh okay..
Exporting song as an audio file...
GoReasonGo!
Troma would love for Kevin Smith to be on our Panel on the 13th annual Tromadance Film Festival in Asbury Park.
Amazing photo shoot with the team!
Great job with styling both hair and clothing!
Go team !
Fork lifts to get three doctorm decks on stage?
Really?
I need to go home.
Geiger is a huge hire for UWM.
He oversaw a lot of facilities being built at OSU.
That moment when your at the airport and realize you didn't bring your laptop charger with you...
Fml moment
my Game 3 ticket?
Sure...
If you ask nicely.
;
that nigga Bosh is 10 cups of sugar ctfuuu
no, youd just stan there and not know what to do
oh so it's like a prereq?
I see.
Either way, I need to get serious and make it part of my routine.
: Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!
Enjoy it for me!
: you deserve it!
:
Thanks for the follow.
We have a wonderful neurofeedback program under the direction of Penny Montgomery.
Love to connect.
Yeah great to see you too!
What a night!!!!
looks great!
I love the flash transitions, much sexier than mine haha.
i like your hair so much!!!
At the pediatricians office with my son and grandson.
A strange feeling 2 b here as a gramma now.
Circle of life.
I am good!
How are you sweetie?
I hate snow....that's it
I'm guessing on resave the original application resets that association.
Theory: good.
Practice: not.
Yes indeed Pam!
Look forward to hearing what you're learning here.
I am a guy on twitter, who happens to be social, and willing to make some new friends.
and you?
And if you notice, none of them are wives.
lmbo
aw juuu so cute :

What's awkward?
I had no assumption that was any reference to me.
I'd probably weep if they left, too.
Tonight its live music with loudhouse come on out and have some fun
Found my bus pass.
Just need to find a passport photo...
We all have to fall in love with God at some point  way to be a human prop!
We've all been there!
: When you stop chasing them  start embracing you, one day you'll look up  THEY'LL be chasing YOU.
TheSW
Awesome.
RT : RT : Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: I don't shake subs hands.
what you don't realize is that GG is highly respected for its food photography!
I am so with you on that!
Guessing it's sponsored.
Have three people in my Twitter feed in disparate locations with the same badge.
haha I'm such a great boyfriend
ATF pretending to be a record label in order to catch doctorg dealers..
I could be over thinking this, because that's what I do, but I really don't want to do a screw up job on his self confidence.
How do you fix something that you can't see no matter what labs or testing is done?
We only know what they say and how they present.
I love your dad
ikr i hate that
Damn Brandon Morrow is the Jays secret weapon
Tiffany!!
Tell her I love her.
If you see her.
Guess some enthusiasts would argue that funk or fusion isn't real jazz, but that's what Sirius named it.
Gonna need 4 stitches
I still believe in Tebow!
Felony sentencings should not refer to someone being sent to jail.
They're being sent to prison.
And yes, Virginia, there is a difference.
Thanks to all the new followers this week!
Hope your weekend is all you hoped for and more.
Friday Jan.22nd Benefit for Hillside RSVP www.cupcakedoctorameryevents.com
can you please follow She follows Back!:
I'm feeling very grateful for life  just want to say I love my sister  my husband!
Have a great weekend everyone!
WNBA's still a thing, and they all play ball better than u.
: : The WNBA has a doctorft?
The WNBA is still a thing?
that's what happens when they have 35336346896580 different numbers to give out.
i like my kush strong
They did it with 10 men!
RT : CHELSEA ARE THROUGH TO THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FINAL!
love you too babe!
Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits.
Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits.
Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits.
im going to be on for a little while.
i will be back tho.
in a couple days
Getting lots done and feeling very productive.
Setting aside worry and just focusing on the task does wonders for efficiency :
Producers  writers would kill u know who if that were true!
:
more fans, awesome team, perfect stadium, a season to remember.
I believe that we did win.
I see what you did ther....
NO.
It's a good movie with action, emotion, and humor that works for all viewers.
Thanks!
I'm excited :
let us know if something develops.
Sounds serious
Amen to that!
Sounds like a great day to me.
: Hello from S.
America.
The text just sent me she knows the deal that's my lol jk
Wondering if it is Spring.
The Willow whispers, It is so.
What was your most epic concert moment?
Tweet with IWasThereWhen and we will ReTweet your story!
Networking and Marketing, Marketing and Networking.
Where is your true voice, your true songs, are you connected with your true soul?
Pacers with the best record in April.
101
Was reading a 1994 ITP thesis  the author referenced Google.
Turns out he graduated in '04got the date wrong on his cover page?!
sometimes i wonder why i even try
Nice to see here for the vet entrepreneur event !
how do I get to be in the audience??!!
That press conference was definitely a waste of time...
Going downtown with  my mama for a bit tonight
The Latest From : 2004 Mitsubishi Galant  Affordable Auto Credit ...
Great to connect with.
Thanks for following me!
For it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose.
Philippians 2:13
I think that's a much more flattering use of the masters hood.
Let's hope it catches on.
Can't make it out tonight to meet the OG team and L.A.C.E.
tonight?
Sign up at opengrooves.com!
make your account private
: Don't wish it were easier.
Wish you were better.
Jim Rohn I'm becoming a quotewhore!
omg :/ well maybe he's just slutting around
Yes, and sadly setting a bad example for their own kids: via Parents say peanut allergic girl should leave school.
Are they nuts?
haha, kk.
that explains my low grades this year than lol.
Good morning!
Got any fun plans this weekend?
INDIANS WIN!
Lord, Give us the Courage to step out on Faith.
Help us to use our troubles to increase our Faith in You!
Amen
Going to sleep finally.
I'm going to be tired tomorrow
A courageous Segal free falls to catch a man, meanwhile Ja Rule dies a heroic death in the bowels of a maximum security prison.
I love you Allie!!
I'm always here for you, and I'm praying for your family.
Gods got her.:
I'm hungry, but me  rayle' still laying down n JaNasia bed!!
This rain got me lazy.
I want a breakfast plate from over by crabtree blvd
Exciting going to catch 2 Live from Portland, Oregon just before I go to sleep.
Perfect timing!
replace sam and ron next season
can i like a tweet?
miss you too :
RIP Adam Yauch a.k.a.
MCA
I then did in a whole pack of that Dos Equis and its only 4...guess I'm celebrating
Actors  SAG General Service Agreement Seminar May 12.
RSVP with the guild if you want to know about that agency contract b4 u sign.
Ive been getting things together on my end  I moved from Houston.
I stay in San Angelo now.
Got a good job, So I had to.
I don't believe that on one day you should realize how important your mom is to you.
We should appreciate them 24/7//365.
Love you Mom!
lololol Allison enjoy the rollarcoaster that is life guise
Sometimes I rather hear the lies than the truth!
Worst confession ever..
don't think so.
just packing.
we need to have a celebration in Aug when we're done w/exams.think we're all taking them same week
You're welcome.
we should hit a concert lls
can someone either make me a hot chocolate or bring me some chocolate please.
gracias.
That is pretty cool.
Might need to find a place to use it.
:
Archivists totally took over the bar at the saa11 tweetup  how strange to be one of the four nonarchivists, totally there on dates
My ambition as a rida 2pac
Power Wheelchairs Aren39;t Vehicles  Urban Review STL
Crap!
It was Sadistic Bish today
Next Sunday, or this Sunday?
I am good : thanks
wonderful dinner with ccastd leaders last night
Makin a mean meatloaf up in here...
I hate wen babies be crying for no reason
hahah good point!
p
yes sir!
Anytime!
Beds are so much more comfortable when you have to get out of them.
a lot, but funds are limited!!!
oh ok...you gotta do what you gotta do to satisfy your craving
gotta love the city of fallen angels haha.
Car crashed into a pole and caused all of San Diego to not have power?
Denverites!
Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professorssional credentials, certifications  more.
Which ones benefit you?
www.ISPIFRC.org
And now they are playing a bad cover of Smoke On The Water.
This band kind of fits ClippersGrizzlies perfectly.
Keep ya eyes open
Live preview of Cyclone 7.2's high speed visualization engine.
Improved point cloud data handling using hardware accelleration
Anthony Bonner spoke at camp today...
He is a powerful speaker.
My old school hoop fans know who he is.
thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about you.
Time to watch the series premiere of MagicCity!
Go ahead ms.briggs,why don't you just give me a detention on my birthday...
Let's see  Elvis Week, Happiness Day  also Swim Day and the Date to Create..
What?
Up to you.
He's still fine as fuck tbh.
This whole conference was worth it just for this panel
Please avoid the area of St.
Lucy's Church tomorrow between 9am  2pm.
Very large turnout expected for Det Morgan funeral.
Thanks.
OMG stupid caugh!!!
Nigga keep ya two cents I don't want to leave you niggas broke
If i see my x with a ugly nigga imma say ay ig i was to much for her lol.
Sleeping alone will never feel as good
Onika Tanya Maraj is like my idol I really love her like SO MUCH !
I'm having Reese's for dinner...
we need to start our cleanse before my shame spiral gets even worse.
Join us for our second annual spring fundoctoriser!
Saturday May 7th at Moonshine..
what do you think about the Bosh injury?
Oregon social worker helped patient with HIS personal needs, set up facebook accnt, fed cat ..
action reduced hosp visits
i will survivee
NO NO NO NO NO FIRE
Hey Twimailer has been broken for some weeks now.
Is the project still supported?
and it wouldn't work if u slightly dehydoctorted...agua mi amiga, agua
OMG, why an I tearing up?
Career/Business enhancing SHRM events coming up!
We'll keep you informed  look fwd to growing our connection with you!
EB
First time event with this buyin, 225 O/U?
I think I need to remember to bring my business cards in my doctorams.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak.
Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
Goodnight twitter.
laterbbygurl :
what did chef Olive make
recruiter for our federal team in DC, will host this week's EsriJobChat, Thursday 4pm EST DM your questions!
Tommy Hilfiger shirt,polo shirts,girbaud jeans,Jordan's,Tim boots,Black College sweatshirts,Baseball hats1993 swag
Calendar Honk and doctorve this Saturday 10/16/10 from 1:00pm4:00pm.
Stay tuned for area and meeting place!
Our first tweet!
If anyone wants to follow me on Twitter my username is
excited about the potential a partnership with can bring.
We're looking forward to working with you!
I'll literally never ever get a tweet or follow from you.....oh well time to go cry with my cat :
Sometimes I'll tweet some fake dumb shit like STFU just to piss off the paranoid/selfcentered people they think its about them off rip lol
Haven't tweeted in a while!
good morning
Can't allow your tweet to stand.
Augusta/Masters is the Super Bowl of Golf.
It is tradition.
It is every golfer's doctoram.
June 1st I'm going to be having all holidays, birthdays, week days, and whatever days alone.
It's time to move on and start over.
you mean you see my dick before you see my cum
lolatgirlswho think they're too cool to study.
and end up working in mcdonalds.
Hey chris please follow me man please when you read this i would be so happy to be bros with you
ITS AN EARTHQUAKE, ITS AN EARTHQUAKE!!!!
oopps my mistake....its just my sister screaming.
I haven't seen one yet!
Do you know if they make iPad covers in bamboo?
Goldfish and smartfood popcorn are like doctorgs you eat one and you have to eat like ten bags
Don't feel bad, guys.
I'm getting my degree in education and my future is uncertain too :
Lets Go
Man, last day at Potawatomi.
Oh, yeah!
I guess we have Turbo Fruit love in common, eh?
Love those guys.
I miss you too :'
Lol i know smh!
RT : I HATE doing that lol luckily it's never anything crazy tho haha
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 63 to 68 near...
i'm glad to hear that.
A lot of holes in this model.
doubt its possible, but this does open the door for a Rashard deal to Memphis.
But I also doubt the Wiz want Rudy Gay
Bout to chill on the deck n relax...
Get some thoughts together...
Evaluation Preparation Execution
I'll c u there!
It's the thought that counts.
Thank you!
Boy them skinny jeans make you niggas look quire,my pants never that type even when my poccets filled
WINNING ISNT EVERYTHING, IT IS THE ONLY THING...
INSANE SUSHI NIGHT ..
Featuring 5 Rolls!
Including our Rising Phoenix Roll : Black Cod Tempura, Jalapeos, Mango, Chipotle Cream

if you lived in LA, I would make you get me a nachos bell grande right now
I need a price  all may apply 
i have no one 2 help me b/c my mom cant do it either and my best friend has trouble with it 2
The clients job is to identify problems, our job is to provide solutions
I will watch all of them!
Here to stay...
Put ur 2's up dc common.
Doin the damn thing
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.
Maya Angelou
got you
thank you for the follow 3
Turnaround let me see sumin lights, camera, action.
Just thought of Jazzy Ts
Shoot into Hollywood Tans during your lunch and get 2 for 1 Instant or Uv Tan.....
Limit one per guest!
: See you soon!
JT should have come out in his Homelessville soup costume for this one
that is always good
thx Ben.
Appreciate it!
When Call Me Maybe comes on the radio it puts me in a good mood haha
Daughter of Andoctorw Young, Andoctora Young discusses her role as a producer on Crossing in Saint Augustine
I had a mud bath today.
Kinda cute.
American Live Wire is looking for writers who are interested in covering National, and Global News contact
You know how you check out on your job once you know you're leaving?
Well, I've checked out of NYC already...
clearly I need to expand my reading list...Best to stick with
Watching Ellen:
Getting some 2014 disco going on up in here at the moment w/ and need a disco mirror ball in venice!
Whose got 1?
It's gala week!
It's gala week!
On Thursday, we raise a glass to celebrate our first season in our Walker's Point home.
: so tired...but excited to see tonight!
can't wait!
Let the festivities begin :
mike it's ya homie Kwa follow back this is my youth program since 1992 over 100 college scholarships earned
Just 10 more members to hit the 500 mark  do you know a musician who would benefit from joining Songwriters in Seattle?
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Butler GUM Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
Maybe that guarantee could be issued in the case of highly serialized shows?
With the mama chillin.
It's always good to keep yourself grounded.
Webbie  you a trip
How can they NOT send their band?
fail RT: Dave Brandon currently in the midst of damage control regarding the MMB  Jerruhwhirl
my old hood!
I miss it.
Somebody text me .
I'll be on with my boy on our sister station in Baltimore to talk some Caps at 8pm
Favorite Don Quixote quote, Willing to ride into hell for a heavenly cause.
Got caught up in the London riots last night.
Had to find a safe place to hide.
So am in the job centre if anybody need me
Are you taking the van in for an inspection!?!
And to you Jim
so who r u then
Hey!
He's not carnival personnel!
much obliged, broheim.
Think it's about time I whip up a piece for the Spark...
you working on anything currently?
RT : UPDATED: House vote for health care reform was 219212.
You forgot about the right to be unconditionally loved.
:
RT Raining in Portland  Sold out crowd.
Raining in LA  a couple hundoctord fans.
1 of these teams has legit fans, the other...
hey loser
today was so weirdd.
way to take teen mom to whole new level
omg yes I liked it a lot : it sounded rly god!
Im listening to this legit all night long
have you guys heard this Gotye song yet?
A metal show, a hip hop show  a gay club all in one night
Q2: Surveys are tricky.
I would recommend keeping them as simple and short as possible.
my spirit guides are the raven, the rat  the giraffe ...
as far as i could tell on my shamanistic adventure w
pointless to reply to you celbs you never reply or Rt.
Happy Cisco de mayo
Goodnight Everyone 
definitely let us know!
We know some pretty great restaurants.
Some people are completely oblivious to what happens in the world
Hooray for autumn!
Happy Equinox everyone!
Pretty sure he doesn't.
Haha yeah it's hard to say...
I guess we'll see when I get my grade back.
I think I'll put a tablespoon of butter in it just 'cause I saw the butter sitting back here!
Good enough reason for me!
I know right?
In this case are they overrun or just incompetent?
I'm hoping that increased pressure will result in a better presentation
Looking forward to visiting the fine writers over at thiis week.
How do I tell the flight attendant it's impossible for me to watch my head?'
Or maybe my not answred call has an explanation
good good stuff
Austin and Dave saw The Lucky One and The Vow together.
RT if you love their bromance.
Had a great time tonight seeing Casablanca with my brother, Tim.
Looks great on the big screen.
doctorving to see cam that first time, that dude who did it back!
holy rattlesnakes
narveson and estrada have pitched pretty well in relief.
marcum and wolf both looked lost.
Oh I'm a Ghost.
Rory Gilmore and mister Belding in the same Mad Men episode?
My bed anything else right now
: I wish Oreo's weren't so delicious so I could stop eating them lol agree!!!
We are glad to hear that Hoyas are getting involved across the city.
Jointly, we can make a difference.
tony is coming for a haircut soon!
is talking about her favorite subject hair!
One thing I discovered making the video for COLLIDER GETS MOONED, tonight at Stonewall: many folks are convinced the moon landing was fake.
u guys killed it on ABDC and all of ur fans support u guys no matter wat : 3
I want 2 get chocolate vanilla wasted
Wow, your new P.D.
Suit is hot hehe I likey hehe ;P
survivor ha ha ha!!
Check out Tarzan bathing Leif!!!
Hilarious...
May the 4th be with you...We just love lisps
first time to sign on!
could u do it again plzplzplzplzplz thank u :D
in Miami or atx?
Who can't wait to see Lady Antebellum?
is the press conference live in Memphis?
What am I gonna do with my life when Daniel goes to UCF 
no way!!!
How many rings did miller earn again?
Zero.
Jordan did it all finals MVP, all star MVP, dunk champ, defensive POY
Going to school : hbu?
i agreea title is important for more than one reason.
there was some sort of major infraction.
My PittsburghSteelers doctorfted MikeAdams and while I am not concerned about the marijuana usage, I am about his mere 19 benchpress reps.
picked up soil, boxes, and tools for !
What a long and hot day!
AthensBannerHerald chooses not to run Doonesbury because the cartoons are about transvaginal ultrasound?
Really?
Go
LOL, he prolly likes u, thts y he always talked to me
Church really was amazing today.
I kind of have an addiction to Passion City..
haha.
Don't you hate it when you get to the bus stop just as the bus is pulling off?
My phone is actn up.
I dont like doctorid
56 minutes if possible.
You will be presenting to the entire group.
We are excited to see your project!
One thousand Americans stop smoking every day  by dying.
Author Unknown
Giant Love to for their awesome work in helping kids with cancer through Radiothon!!!
:
Rangers!!
What a win!!
Geez I love when my retarded bus doctorver closes the door as I'm about to get on the bus
His Family Coming Tomorrow From NY 3
I miss Sirius Black.
taken 1 pick ahead of Lincecum if I remember correctly???
JUST CHILLIN GETTING READY FOR WORK ON FRIDAY..........
sounds like my recipe for chili.
bahahha.
a lil bit o' this.
a lil bit o' that.
and viola!
chili!
just realized we used the word twat in our last 2 tweets...woops!
must have sex  hotties on the brain!
The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us to become our best while looking our worst.
Marge Kennedy
if only nbc would let you stream it over the web!
Getting ready to listen to Influence reporters  at the Young Lobbyists Network hosted by
hahaha that's what I thought
he had lunch with me today but didn't sit beside each other.
we need to set a date for our next adventure to japan ;D
KStew Is More Like A Vampire Than Her 'Twilight' CoStars!
Hollywood Life
you are our 600th follower.
Thanks!
600 followers in less than 45 days using sound socialmedia techniques.
andoctorw bynum.
wow..
mane not this shit again lol RT: Also, ICantStandPeople that say Krogers.
There's no S ANYWHERE
these shenanigans CANNOT continue.
Attending a discussion with William Noel on digitizing ancient works.
Follow 4 detail
Or any day of the week: my last rt, only when i hear miss may i, or totally amazing breakdowns.
jizzworthy lol akskdljsjd
My hair is red..
so when I'm sporting pigtails, it reminds me of the Wendys chick.
The Black Jacobins  C.L.R.
James
It's not
Im up.
And so excited for anaheim this april.
Looking for a Flex Developer!
Contract would start ASAP.
Call us if you are interested18002317960!
Your welcome, that's awesome!
Rick Astley is only 46?
Huh.
I tell you when it rains it motherfucking pours!
I am cleaning through my desk because I'm waiting for people to finish so that I can do more work.Conclusion: My predecessor was a hoarder.
Cosigns, seconds, AND thirds statement!
wasn't it not so long ago people were citing the lack of an optical doctorve on the MacBook Air line as a fatal flaw?
I agree.
Too much at stake.
oh!
I totally wanted to do that before I left....
yea son we gotta do both but u comin tonight right
I'm having difficulty understanding what you mean by 'not used that'  Can you clarify?
Mark Cherry might be the only man in the world who truly understands white women...
Eesh!
That was painful to read :/ PR
just got another poster of 1D where im going to put it i have no more room in my wall ?
Blow me.
So sorry I just got your tweet!
I have some pictures if you still want them!
ALSO I LOOK LIKE I'M TEN HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
im here fo ya
Its all about the Benjamins!
500,000 payout funds program without state dollars.
The sky over Boston right now is so dark.
Where did the nice weather go?
Did you know that our ambassadors are eligible for incentives?
including an IPAD, Getaways and Cash?doctorp us a line
This may be a record week for me!
498 followers and  998 tweets!
mister Ferris, when did you call to make the reservation?
Test creation in BB not user friendly for accounting
since when u famous
Not enough Joan in the recent MadMen episodes!
Bryce Harper showing in one night he's must watch...
Gotta go to bed.
:C Stupid Choir.
..
I'll rewatch  thanks RT : Watch replay of Fla Derby and you will believe Take Charge Indy wins or gets a piece.
they look so good!
thanks van!!
Heyy, everyone!
waves
Oh, and there's kind of always been a lot of MirandaCosgrove stuff on tumblr that tries to be funny, but I don't get where that started...
I'll be seriously bummed if I have to start mowing my grass soon.
A2: Skills more valuable in long run, but sadly you are mostly judged on past experience.
Great book...The Rare Find.
I would get up and work out or cook dinner if the kitty would stop being so damn sweet and adorable!
Chase on the keeper scores a TD and the Locos increase the lead to 233.
ufl 7:58 remaining in the game.
Looking forward to the weekend
really?
I've been thinking about ditching FB, but I'm worried I'll feel that way.
well, prob.
not valid, likely not sound.
Fine Q, but you don't rush to abandon contemporary practice of public accountability.
squee!!!
and DarnellWilliams in the same scene on YR FINALLY!!!
The day follows me, Is the day the world ends ...
But i can wait
Just got done watching NSN still makes me cry every time
Def just stared down a guy who looked too much like Arnold at the bus stop...
but wasn't him.
The governator probsss doesn't take the bus.
deserves more then 1.2 million let's trend 1Dto2million ??
Downloading military tribute songs for Armed Forces Day this Saturday.
If there were a mixte version of that it would be the perfect bike for my partner.
Comcast is pathetic.
45 minutes jerking me around on the phone for no resolution.
ridiculous
You know my name but not my story.
You've heard what i've done but not what i've been through.
Hearing word there may have been another toddler wandering alone this morning, this time in NE Portland...
details to come.
Even the Lakers dissappointing me tonight..
that baby is ridiculously adorable hyun!
it shouldn't be that small.
What browser are you getting that on?
Give me eyes to see you in the dark.
Stupid ass pack lol
yah  I'm in los angeles ca 
President has just declared Jermaine, Cee Lo, and Christina Aguilera to be state sponsors of terrorism...
Oh Mann Craw
If you take your age, multiply it by 7, then multiply by 1443, the answer repeats your age 3 times
Sleep tight!
Identity Festival.2012.Jones Beach.
Can not wait.
indieFilmlove For some reason, I dont think it will last as long as blockbuster film love.
Having one of those days.
So why it sound like a baby in the ditch crying.!?
Strange.!
certainly.
Its about Milwaukee and this is an issue.
...Bow down before the one you serve, you're going to get what you deserve
Very upsetting when you ask for sprite and get Sierra mist
Thats ok Antonio, Just take the day to relax and do whatever it is you would like to do.
Make it an Antonio day!!!
Wow!
Good job :
comfy in bed, doctornking coffee 
that party last night was awfully crazy i wish we taped it
listen to y'all music every morning
Wowfirst I've heard of defriending being expensive.
So glad I didnt buy presale and have to wait
agree with ; innovative, beautiful, important.
If you can wait till i get home, them i swear to you, that we can make this last
Look your bestwho said love is blind?
Mae West
Sometimes I wonder what the fuck am I doing with my life?
I love music.
Someone needs to punch me
Its great to know GOD  have great friends!
: I have to be honest, I am a little heart broken.
Absolutely love the theatrics of that show.
Aw...
that's nice.
It is good he was checking on you.
Good thing you weren't sipping the tonic!
: He could have caught you!
Ben Hanowski scored!!
SCSU won the first round of playoffs!!
we scored on an empty net with 0.1 seconds!!
tell Jay that I need a ride when I see him next.
And to be safe and wear a helmet.
booked my winter album release party!!!
December 17th, folks :
Why am I awake?!
Rain rain go away!
Come again some other day!
LOL....see!
Judging me!!!
frown...you know I'm a sweetheart
Exhausted.
Trying to make a challenging decision.
DISC Certification Training for San Diego / Orange County Announced by DISCcert
Trading hipstercityshowdown memes with the inimitable Bexcalibur is sunshine on this rainy day
I'm better,3
Ever check your Facebook early in the morning where you have to close one eye because the screen is too bright?
you know youre tired when you move your eyes and the whole room starts spinning....
It's an 80s revival to go along with kids wearing Wayfarers, neon  animal prints.
lol how u been honey

for
totally impressed.
great tool!
OUT OF CONTROL BEARDS
I was about to write something arrogant but I done grew up
Having some cantaloupe for late night snack.
They are packed with Vitamin C, potassium, antioxidants, and can help protect skin from sunburn
I provide you fast and accurate information to help you decide which artist to book!
For all your booking needs call my office 3163930189!
Beastie Boys will be on all day rotation!
RIP MCA damnit, dying is not cool Beasties!
Thanks for the tip on Socialbro!
What a great tool to help better manage my Twitter account.
Hope you're having a great weekend
Newt Gingrich: I've have more experience in voting for failed proposals than you guys.
lol i all ready kno my nigga but dat bitch im gone have to show him
Are you available today to discuss the bankruptcy vote?
I'm a reporter at Governing magazine.
u kno my heart is always yours
He'll get back to you on that.
RT : The needs to catch up, look  SinceMittsBeenGone initiative, they're killing us.
Sorry buddy  no reservations for lunch right now.
N'awlins bound with in the AM for CTIAw12  who will be there other than eh?
haha yeah it is....
just set my alarm to 5:12 a.m , back to reality.
Fuck this
wait...you're PSassy??
OMG
Irony...before it's even spent a dime, the Character Matters SuperPAC shows .
to be completely devoid of character
Astrologer says I ought to be on vacation now.
Does a trip to the Eye doctor count?
Good day, eh.
IM SO FKIN TIRED
Awee look at Chris on Dancing w/ the Stars
How are you
Awesome!
Thanks for using the photo!!
Next Health receives 100K, plans product launch  Mass High Tech
Good point!
MT A2 GroveAtlantic was in the list for this years WBN with Peace Like A River.
So wasn't ALL the big guys.
Where's everyone headed for Friday Art Walk?
in the US?
Thank you for the shout out RT :
We're a GREAT local charity.
What was that Angelina?
Bizarre stance.
Joe Paterno was the man
Am I the only one that thinks about Mike Tyson every time I hear In The Air Tonight?
I love this!
How are you feeling?
In this tug of war, you'll always win, even when I'm right,
Nice to see Alex Smith in the SF Giants cap in his interview w/Bradshaw.
Love, love, love my new Hero2 camera.
Dont ask me a ?
if your bitchass cant handle the truth, ima air yo cool ass out every time, so try again muttasuckas!
I totally agree
Keeping a positive attitude tho :

sorry for the late response, was on vaca.
I got that question wrong in my interview too, so I can't hold it against you :
I just want you to miss me the way I miss you.
Just played 's 911 call video at viralrtp!
Hope you're well ;
: Sitting on a bench thinking I'm getting little tickles from the nice breeze, naw it's ants.
hahahahaha stop
I get really confused when multiple people have the same picture.
I use those, not names, to see who is tweeting.
I recommend Kirsten Lewis Photography
Officer involved shooting at tonights Anaheim Angels gm.
Off duty cop shoots 2.
I guess cops swinging batons at dodger games isn't so bad.
Whoa, AmericanGods.
Whoa.
Enjoying sunny Florida!
AMAZING SHOT!!
Is SOPA the latest installment in Beniger's control revolution?
OH YEAH YOU GUYS TOO :
Traffic Alert: NW5th  Davis to Everett Streets blocked off as crime scene  man jumped off a building after running from
OVERTIME!!!!
GO HUSKIES!!!
Click on the link and view Chief Saunders Video and click the like button and and let's get his segment as the most viewed to for TV.
I might be a little late on this but SNL isn't really funny
Villanova digital library team digitizes items for partners for free.
thatcampphilly Go VU!
Known around town as the chick who get down
: its a big parking lot now.
Still no development.
BackInTheOldDays i was the worst counter of life.
I would repeat my numbers and now im in Algebra.
LMAO
Democracy...
just a doctoram?
Awww!!!!!
I love that we are still Friends!
: Facebook helps a lot too even though I don't talk to peeps as much as I should!
Thanks for the RT!
Life is 10 what you make it, and 90 how you take it.
Yea the radio does suck nowadays...
This true life I'm obsessed with my cell phone episode is ridiculous..
Ppl need to get their priorities straight
We're tracking tweets about the GOP primaries.
Analysis of today's iacaucus tweets predict a win by or More tomorrow!
Just got word that vegan MAPLE SKYDOTTIR COOKIE ice cream is being scooped at in Ballard!
Omnom.
Sims sims sims sims .
Sims sims sims sims .
Sims sims sims sims..
Da da da dah da daaaaah .
Sims!
I have an addiction
M, fried pickles.
Totally underappreciated.
thanks!
Our Isles still have a glimmer of hope...
RT if you believe i love you...
I really really do i pray to meet you on July 29th
Morning y'all!!!
The problem is, he's either awesome, or terrible.
Why can't he just find the middle?
Expensively formatted anything are there for those who desire quality, always take the bold approach and invert yourself seriously.
Need suggestions on places to get stickers printed in the LP/Lakeview area, and suggestions?
Talking about the future of ala 's web presence.
Flip charts, 4 colors of markers, testing assupmtions, achieving agreement...
1.Celiac Disease and Sjgren's Syndoctorme  Gluten Free Help
: Heading on a weeklong trip tomorrow.
Before that, though, I'm off to the bookstore.
Any mustreads I should pick up?
Chopped is playing the theme music from Halloween.
Surely, the entree wasn't that bad.
I wanna go zip lining
court awareness..
where are your FEET!!!
i guess i can deal w/ tonight, but you can forget about that week shit
Procrastination will only set you back.
no problem bro!
Sorry to tell you this but I gave her some dck last night.You keep the feelings in check and I'll be give her the dck
Wake up?
No thanks
If all rice were to vanish from the Earth, us Hispanics would be fucked.
well guess who's gonna have a place by then?!
Trying to keep a positive attitude in 2012.
Note to self: Stay surrounded by only positive people.
oh do you do takeout?
that sound really very tempting...
These be some jacken ass niggas out here
Hey i got tis song i made its copyrighte i mde it took me 3 month its really nice hope u see this i would like u to sing it
Leapday it's going to be a good day
I've heard about that before!
I never do it but seems like a good idea.
I enjoy rewarding myself!
I'm here waiting by the gates!!!!
BetterWithChicago !
is gushing over Matt Kemp.
If I had a chance to interview Kemp, I would ask him where his MVP award is.
...
Your linescore for the Cubs v.
Reds matchup today is wrong.
The Cubs scored in the first.
any chance you have video of Same Difference playing Aerials ?
Hahaha
No call or present  x Mas or new yrs nice dad
Getting ready to feel the warm thrill of confusion, that space cadet glow.
RT : Congrats to Mario Williams signing in buffalo...
far away from the NFC north, thanks big guy
like them Levi's!
:
Common bulls!
1D Makes Me Smile....
Okay 1D really just needs to go.
Show friday at the Cobalt Cafe!!
How are you?
Nice seeing you today...
: Some people get by with being respected and some get high off of being feared.
Btw..
I hate Norte Dame, but those helmets are bad
What is the operating system philosophy that leads to the best throughput.
Not at all easy questions.
Follow the money?
What sells?
Maybe
no need for stress!
let us know if we can help!
;
When a boy calls you cute he likes your face.
When he calls you hot he likes your body.
When he calls you beautiful he likes your heart.
MamaUsedToSay don't put the cart b4 the horse
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours 34
Cant tell if you're joking or serious
I believe him.
Loomis/Saints under too much scrutiny right now to risk lying about it.
RT: : Who believes Mickey Loomis right now?
I mean tweeting just woke up
They're called the professorssors of Jazz.
Jason Pride is not so pretty
On this day in 1943 was the last 00 tie in the NFL Hopefully the Bears and Eagles will give us a better match
Peter  Loved MMQB but how can Mike Brown be u r Exec of Year when he wouldn't spend 5k to practice indoors lw at UC?
I figured out how to change my username!
And my picture!
I'm basically a twitter expert now.
Look out world.
doctorving on the exprsway w the windows down on this lovely sunny day, while wearing earrings that sound like wind chimes  feels like spring
Dear Bachelor contestants.
You're on a higherbudget Elimidate.
Stop clutching your pearls when Courtney actually competes.
unless there was a crosswind coming from the left, he had no reason to change.
Straight ahead was a clear lane.
Yes!
How does it happen?
Seriously!
I have been doing major spring cleaning every day for the past few days and it's infuriating!
Almost like a big fluffy cloud.
Thinking of next year's theme.
Met with Alex and Beverly about a possible 4person show of women artists on gender in the south.
u 2?
Why an i and everyone else isgetting sick!
first time wat?
Both very different areas of expertise.
Ask where do you see the degree fitting into your career RT : Masters or MBA?
If you 'friend' tells you that the red dotted shirt is too much for a night out, he's a peacock blocker.
Am I the only one who thinks this was set up to put Brendan back in the game?
im on 87th can I buy sum my nig
3 years and 10 days ago I lost the most perfect man I've ever me.
I love and miss you so much abueloRIP
josephkony.
know the name.
hate the man.
W.hon.com Hands on Nashville.
Go to the site and try to help volunteer or donate.
We're underwater out here.
Next post on 500 Miles, IndyCar and Stupid Penalties.
Up this week!
Heading out for a glorious early morning hike!
Gotta get it done before the heat comes in.
Then later...WE WRITE.
thank you for the heads up!
hahaha, no chance :
I'm not going to bed now anyway.
Would everyone believe that I woke up early to do my homework?
I wonder what life's like with 2 dimples.!
i cnt wait untill that 24 hours is up.
but Eric that's what makes this form of art so fun ....you get to eat it :
this was sent for you from : May God give you and your family comfort at this time of sorrow.
I need to learn how to let go.
Seriously/3
that will be a good question to ask Obama.
Dare u guys to do it
Congratulations and welcome to the fam!
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions!
bw
I should be finishing up about  tonight myself aint Technology fun!
Forget mobilefirst.
Mobileonly.
You are now watching our YOBIAct finalists, Chase Hinton and Noran Alhasany.
Congrats to you both!
We're getting ready for the matinee!
Show starts at 2:00pm!
Get yourself in costume and head on over to the Greenfield PAC!
I remember that day I was n the rain with my ex....and we had our first kiss!
Every moment wasnt a bad one!
Some days it takes everything you've got to keep all the balls in the air.
Take care of your hair and your hair will take care of you.
We love our Packers!
Awesome!
I'll be back to so feel free to pick my brain next time I see you re: blogging and pitching!
I lost alot to gain more than i ever had!!
is a FAIL on HBOGo three movies and streaming died on all.
Hahaha, why don't they know what are they talking about?
bonjour!
Do you have a contact email?
It's the best golf show in America, and we're there.
Check out the Haggin Oaks Golf Expo in Sacramento today thru Sunday.
Waiting for real world
and a happy birthday to EMP Producing Director, Maggie Villegas!
Just noticed you got your blue check , but it was already official , been a Star!!!
Grizz Nation!!!!!!!
: Governments have used PD2.0 like an F/A18, but have insisted on doctorving it around on the roads
Thanks u r the best keep it up even u r against
I'm very picky about my Cuban sandwiches!!
Why is this my fault?
I'm like the doctor Phil of twitter
Staying up texting him though..
CHAMP!
I want to hear all about you killing this later.
Hope you went with the full windsor.
I got to see my little grandbaby on skype.:D
Thank you for the FF.
You are on everyone's list for sure.
2nd this.
RT I wanna go to a Christmas party.
Agreed, Brothers killed it.
What an amazing music video for Tighten Up, too.
We've got your name in the hat!
I plugged my phone in where the blender used to be
I'm in love with, .
RT Yes!
Try 100 designer stores !
Miami's just as glamorous as youve heard..Shop w/ celebs
Thank you.
Remember to never settle.
If you have a doctoram I'll hep you achieve it.
yo I get it your angry but am sorry I know what I did was bad but I was just trying your patience.
Your actually cool  am sorry
great to see you!
Next time bring the lovely along!
It's easy to remake.
It's hard to reincarnate a talent like John Hughes.
Don't just talk a good game, engage!
Did I miss the Warrant tribute and any mention of Jani Lane?
Seems like they left him out of the Memorium segment.
Great interview.
Looking forward to reading your book
Just gave 10 to a child that needed money to eat.
Felt good
I never thought I'd be so inspired and treated so well as a server.
I'm excited for the days to come at my new job!
Very inspirational.
I don't think so unless something changes.
If I do I will post news here!
He's gonna love that you posted that!
The dancing zebra on idol made my day!!
:
OMG, I'm seriously about to SCREAM!!!
I am so pissed off at EVERYTHING right now!!
So can't wait to leave Sunday to NewYork with !!!
Going to spend a week there!!!
Love it :
seems like u r a sensitive who senses things like these
Video Shoot Blood On My Shoes ft.
with
For , benefits of p2p complex services were 600k in savings in first 6 months  greater visibility  traceability
AMEN : Theanna quit stressing yourself out over things you can't control.
Matt millen get off my TV
we hope to be open by late May!
We will keep you up to date so you can get your glutenfree fix
happy birthday!!!
: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!
Tuve que ir a comer con el abuelo de mi papa que no lo conozco y la pase horrible blda de verdad u.u
There's a special Toy Fair Sklander?
I have a Skylander hidden for a special day too.
Weeding old files find: recipe to soak  preserve old brittle newspaper clips.
Never tried it.
Need one I don't care about to use as test.
Lebron won MVP.
Personally, I could care less.
Thank you for sharing!
a good lesson in life :
as long as the Spice Girls aren't part of the deal, I'm in.
SOTU:People want banks to pay a fee if they can pay big bonuses.
Things do not change; we change.
Thoreau
I'm so blessed!!!
The next 12 minutes are going to be FAST and INTENSE.
Lot of banging will be going on!
SACK!!!!
Hell Yeah
classicJerrySpringerlines I told you can do better, I am a cheater When we do it I think of someone else, Why, I cant see your face
Okay, I'm not going to fall for his eyes, hair, smile, looks, personality.
I promise I won't.
He walks into the room Just Kidding...
Go White!!
Aw, sorry!
We do have soy milk, but the ice cream for the milkshakes isn't soy.
I wish boyfriend was awake so he could take me to lunch.
/:
yeah, my twitter is btw.
I'm just on here to tell people about himm!
pants before shoes, brain, pants before shoes.
Co worker sells monogrammed tote bags from faith based direct sales company.
Because Jesus likes paisley.
We are about to premiere new MGMT on listen in
just finished rehearsal join us this Sat.
705 pier ave.
Hermosa beach Zen Lounge.
Haha Thank You!
My little brother and his little butt pirate friends are all doctornk on barbosa haha
Just created my own intellectual property rights statement
thanks!
Can't wait.
oh my god it looks like he's headed for a trashcan in the parking lots of hell
Show them how.
: Can't shove students into an online group project  expect collaboration, prep is needed.
50cent Chicken wings all day and night long.
Eric Anderson cut 42 minutes off his run up Pikes Peak after one week at www.quickgymcs.com
Just putting the final touches on a series of Net Zero Home Plans that we will offer for sale next week.
shhhhh i was trying to fool people gosh
RT IF YOU ARE AMBITIOUS
I see those  they won't print very well  is it possible to email those to me?
staci thebowlingframe.com
Nosedive in the wishing well/Brought a bunch of quarters up/Sorry that your wish sucks Flipping Out
When will the NIT brackets be announced tonight?
Heading to MN Capitol to stand against voter suppression vote.
Morning everybody.:
the Irish last name was my ex's.
I may be partly Irish, but not enough to mean much.
thanks a lot!
Hahaha, ops, yea, I meant to say Rat Pack
I want to see it.
Need some bomb head from Gotta get back on stage
fantastic time, as usual...
have a good night!
Anyone looking forward to see Smash on ?
Will there be a twin SueSylvester ?
Kap Slap testing
when we gettin a song poppin bro
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!
doctor Seuss
seriously?
In today's world we are all about the now and download.
If you're not a happy person.
do you know it?
I think I'm happy most of the time, but I'm failing on this list this guy is laying out.
do you expect anything more?
One time green jello came out of her nose.
Likin' it!
Fancy hair, fancy guy!
Oh, and a fancy couple.
:
San Antonio is ranked 7th in the nation in fastest growing metros for exports according to the Brookings Institute.
good.
Love applewhite.
Not a fit.
Hire from Oklahoma state or Boise.
Thank goodness for midway safety.
I must admit the construction of a roller coaster on what appears to be oversize jenga blocks gives pause.
omg u have my time card in ur picture:
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain.
William Shakespeare
PROLLY SUMTHN TRADITIONAL TO MESS WIT YA HEAD
RT : RT : been up for a little while but heading back to bed.
Best idea I've heard so far!!!
guilt free sleep.
Ah
Haha sounds like thats for me as well
i laugh hysterically everytime my doctor asks me if im sexually active lol bahahahahhahahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaha
wow....
thats really messed up
thnx so much for the offer!
I should be able to download  print them 2day so far 2day the Internet  awesome!
Have a good wknd!
I hate 4am call times.
Awe.
With friends like you...
I ready for the present and future.
Let's put the past behind me and God will show me the way.
Finishing production on our video this Tuesday, should be released by the weekend.
Very excited to hear feedback from our Twitter family!
Sorry bout that.
:x
I don't really care if he didn't see my tweet, My nan's died, stuff him,I have more important things on my mind!
If you haven't heard of NBA stats like doctorg, ORtg, TS, at least read about them before you dismiss them.
Tomorrow: Glenmorangie PGA/Ironwood Friday: Glenmorangie Scotch Hour  The Mandarin Oriental  Miami
will check with and see if that's ok
oh okay, if you need me i'm here and i'm good i guess.
Espn coming to the arena tonight to film Patrick Grange watching his team play in the mens advanced tournament.
Thanks again for the coffee today at
looks like you ladies are having fun!!!
Well said and I couldn't agree more.
Passion is key when writing 
Good hustle by the Heat
7 runs twice in 2 games!
I didn't even OWN a Tonner until this past August.
Tripels are my favorite
Effective LeadersIntelligence, Toughness, Focus, Vision, Selfawareness, Selfregulation, Motivation, Empathy,  Social Skills
Where have you been?
: just baked about a thousand cupcakes...
so tired.
Heading to NAGAP soon!
If you are attending make sure to stop by booth43 for your chance to win an iPad2!
Those century marks feel good, don't they?
Pls let me know what u need for DOD study review.
Have a great week!
Im not gonna fight for you sorry.
is watching an amazing version of The Sixth Sense on Lifetime.
And loving it.
once again, says you.
NSF mtg this week, Th  Fr, focuses on climate change communications.
Sad day.
Junior's Grill, at Ga Tech for more than 60 yrs, closes today.
I hope it's a Rivalry and not a changing of the guard.
RT : It's pretty damn cool to watch the birth of a rivalry live.
growing up is the worst.
lol
Yeah!
Hosting tech support emailed me back in about 30 minutes with a suggestion!!!
Let the lady sing more
Received an email from Amazon confirming an order for 2 x Lady Gaga albums.
Immediately thought a/c had been hacked.
No, it was .
The SJSharks have scored 3, 2, 1, and 0 goals against the STLBlues this year.
Safe to predict that tonight will be another tight game
blown away at how fast summer has gone by...But I'M READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!
I'm very confused!!
Ive never felt all this before!
I dont know what to do!!
Heeeeeellp
Matt thank you.
Once we get the needed funds to launch this trip  we are going to be sure you live the trip right along...

Born this way  Born to be somebody  Born on my birthday.
forgot to make my vanilla latte vanilla
Registered for the ACT.
Definitely worth a listen!
Janet Jackson.
Photo Equipment.
Tennis Equipment.
wtf 650 to meet i met her for free a couple of months ago...
how is that fair
I swear, there is a demon in one of the DIS buildings.
I want a feminist writing of the body that metaphorically emphasizes vision, because we need to reclaim that sense to find our way.
Haraway
I have a 12:45 lunch meeting, or I totally would!!
Welp, no reason to stick with ATT anymore.
Foolish move.
fuck you...you unfollowed me?
bitch.
I make AP Spanish fun for you with those tape recorders.
Getting ready to for an endoftheyear celebration  we'll miss our graduating research assistants!
you have a Voice an I think u should put it to use : just sayin !
chachi better bring the Boyz up with her ;
good!
I am coming for real this time.
I had to request the space for the D.I.V.A.S.
meetings
oh my...
away from twitter and the layout has CHANGED a LOT!
When my mom is tryna put us in FUN summer programs 
thanks for the RT.
We have to let students know what's going on in this debate.
My whole crew is on visa!
Quote of the week: You scheduled a costumemaking party during the final four?
So where was this lack of foul calls in the Sweet 16 game?
Me and shay gettin full of that weed
Interviewing candidates for next executive director of today at the HQ.
Some great candidates.
Long day to go though
What a J.A.
Last Night was Amazing, everyone who came out had a BLAST!
you absolutely destroyed it!
50liesIwasTold I'll be there for u no matter what!
forms are my nemesis.
Already broRT : I follow people back that spit knowledge
In my research I found consistent evidence of Lobbyist helping States open casinos.
Jack Abramoff and Greenberg Taurig help destroy Indian
awww the good ol' days of clubbing!!
Miserable End does crack top 100 on reverbnation nationally.
Ranked 6 in LA Blues Charts.
Fight weekend ...
UFC on Fox and Cotto vs Mayweather ...
Lets go ...
I've listened to Take a Walk probably about fifty times so far.
is just too catchy.
There are crickets in the basement of Brass Monkey and they are gonna Fing get it!!!!
EVERYTHING my ex does irritates me and gets on my nerves, its great at helping me move on after 7 months, but I don't want to hate him..
Guardian Ad Litem training.
Taking one for the team.
aw, shucks!
Summer is almost here!
What are your summer plans??
Well yes, although the dangers are lower if they're too young to use services where they can actually talk to people
Second weekend of New Leaders Council was great  intensive nonprofessort and political fundoctorising sessions
Homework is done...and I am done.
I guess I can pull these toothpicks out of my eyelids now.
i hope me and tay can chill later, i need best friend time c:
Charoset: a completely acceptable way to get mildly doctornk at work.
Just discovered a hidden gem  seaside in Florida
shoot me a quick DM for a question?
work getting these apotheosis CDs printed out
let's do it
OMG I WANT TALK TO YOU BUT I'M FROMG GERMANY :'OO I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 3
hey ...
what kind of ink do you all use?
That Shea needs to be behind the wheel in NASCAR!
there r chargers that run on batteries  you can stick them in any bag, throw ur phone in there too   it'll charge it
I'm trying to talk myself out of stopping on my way home
Gov Perry comments regarding the Fed Chairman was irrational, extreme  radical.
We don't need this in the WH.
Thank you for the RT !
Following!
Follow back and follow
Pretty much the type of RB you would hear coming from a receptionist's computer speakers.
Snooze!!!!!
thank pretty lady : I miss you!
We are doing lunch before your school year ends.
I don't care what anyone says today, I am just going to have fun.
hey my friend bday is May 15th.
She's a huge fan.
It would mean a lot if u could tweet her happy bday
Cops are back to Harassin', fuck'em middle fingers up when I pass'em
Are you a climber or a coaster?
i will sleep goodnight ;D
looking back at my facebook from like 2 years ago and wondering..why was I so weird?..
were thinkin of you sweetheart...
Uh San Antonio Crowd/Fans are so way more n2 games!
NBA Who faces us??
In order for us to be successful, they must be successful, and vice versa
haha.
No man would be
Can't wait to have you be a bigger part!!
:
Looking forward to skyping my twitter stalker tonight
Love is the great miracle cure.
Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
oh my lord on the yoga pants!:
there's nothinnnngg on tv.
Some great backandforth with and on journalism institutions.
teamlistback teamfollowback We also retweet shout out and followback!
Follow us.
Please use the tag TEAMLISTBACK in tweets!
Great sign  a perfect shot of it!
Thanks for sharing the photo.
Helpful hint for everyone  check the washer for stray socks before you start the next load with bleach.
snc12 is great!
Very interactive.
Feeling connected!
Slow pig, madison, here we come.
...sorry, DM fail.
Cool beans...id b interested in research connecting anger and nutrition.
up next!!
doctorveAt5 only on
Happy Birthday!!!
:D
NO ONE MAKES MORE THAN A PEACE OFFICER.
NO ONE MAKES MORE THAN A TEACHER.
ATHLETES AND HIP HOP MOGULS YOU ARE GOING TO HELP YOUR
Roads, where we are going we don't need roads!
Happy Mothers DAY
Fabulous Barcelona fare at the new !
Cc
The Jam falls short to the Wizards.
Trey Johnson led the team in scoring with 16 points along with Brian Butch's 8 rebounds
my parents r strict and i really dont go 2 the movies alot
hey stranger how have you been nice seeing you a few weeks back!
Dirty talk?
How about a dirty tweet?
;
Blowing up my stream RT : is tweeting up a storm!
Lost a day .
i miss you to :
Shared theme: know your market, know your stuff.
Knowledge can make up for lack of experience.
'Laura Esquivel's Mexican Fictions' won the '11 Harvey L.
Johnson Book Award from the S.
Central Org.
of Latin American Studies.
Congrats!
I must propose this at next meeting RT Reason 1 my company is cooler than yours, Opening Day is paid holiday
rcdlc exercise TN getting up to speed from our External AD.
SDP getting underway!
I am....hahaha u should watch it:
sorry but i hate that word :/
im not over the whole greg thing!
ah .
Abstracts are in itinerary planner : The link to posters and abstracts was supposed to be live by May 1 but it's not live
Happy Thursday!
Are you in need of lowering your cost per acquisition?
Is your staff still hand dialing?
Call Us 866.460.6611
I am sick of not sleeping i hate staying up all night i want to sleep..
bored ,watching halloween movies .while relaxing and playing world of warcraft
well, duh me!
tells ya what i know.
lol chalkin it up to not hearing that song.
shame on me.
lol
I love you more than every single grain of sand..and more than the amount of water in the ocean......
More than you can think of.....
Haven't watched this much TV in a while...
Tuesday, Tuesday!
Did you know we have Flight Night Wine Specials under 15?
Only Tuesdays!
Gen.
Washington publicly praises the Northern army for their recent success in forcing the surrender of St.
Johns.
MyBeatles1 That Boy, took my love away, though he'll regret it someday, but this boy wants you back again...
the don't make her no more : collectors item now
Please do.
A highpitched female asian accented voice is like nails on the chalkboard for me
just witnessed a hit and run...
shame!
I would like to say a HUGE thank you new followers and all of the people who have been supporting poemage THANK YOU!
Fuck you bitch, I'm acting brand new.

Delay is preferable to error.
Hey, I know I'm late to the funeral but how could any school doctorp a candidate for supporting something like omla?
We're the good guys!
Absolutely did!
Hope you enjoy your conference.
Bonjour tout le monde!
Did you enjoy on a StGermain cocktail last night during the SuperBowl ?
seeing one of those rooftop cars get smashed never gets old.
I'd rather make do with the cards I've been dealt, than to complain.
Welcome to 3 days ago, brett.
I finally heard the blueangels  now to get outside and try to catch a glimpse.
hit me up on the DM :
23 years of Sobriety!!!
RecoveryWarrior!!!
You Rock!!!
Create a fantastic day!
Twitter is my tool for procrastination.
I love it!
An excuse to bs all night when I know I'm suppose to finish this essay.
I'm interested!
Live set.
It doesn't matter that the player in question was 5'7 and 13 years old.
This old man still has it!
I cant deal with this anymore
So sorry about your sweet little birdies.
I've loved following their story.
I'm pretty excited for this
Happy Mothers Day!
Remember all of the wise women in your life who love you!
hey guys weve started judging for our contest w/ make sure that if you entered you posted your video on our fbook wall!
RT
3 the people in my life.
WhataluckybrawdIam.
its mah birthday today wish you could say happy birthday to Me.omg im your biggest fan!3: Ily
all I've ever wanted is to have a product to pitch on Shark Tank.
My doctorams are coming true.
usually the case for me 
Your LAKings need to get the job done tomorrow and knock those damn Canucks out of playoffs!
yess lmao ill take it as a good way i guess c;
Austin's professorssional film community needs more network / studio productions like The Lying Game; Utilize local talent.
Respect RT : What do WuTang  Softshell crabs have in common?
My dining room.
The Hard Times of RJ Berger is so funny!.
Until I do, you can't go wrong with anything from Live at Wynn, Glastonbury, or Roseland!
nah I'm at my house
Opening Day!
Oh how I love you!
My first SXSW twt.
Clearly, it'll not be my last.
RT Performing this yr at the FADERFORT: Friends
Recruiting for a CRM with at least 5 years of experience in the records management industry for fulltime position in Dallas!
Email me at 
Korver aint on shit Hot sauce playing like mild sauce
whatever you say boss.
Best episode of glee EVER!
Yea.
Joe Knows.
I'm friends with him on FB and he always posts pics of him out to eat or chilling with Brandon.
Emmy Awards here we come!
Just ordered our tickets for the big event!
thanks Gabby!!!!
My momma just bought me 5 new watches  surprise me w/ 2 bags she got me from Tennessee.
Swagg!
:
Thanks Dan!
Inducing demographics from professorle features  will keep you posted as i write up in more detail.
Like Pookie at a crackhouse, the 2010 Rap Up keeps callin' me.
Today's the big day!
Alright let's go steelers
Ha!
Well that's cool.
Like I said, she was a total sweetheart.
Glad she's got her doctoram.
Super Offer from Sonic Baltimore Buy one 12 Sonic Coney, get one FREE.
Also 2day balloon artist, mister Limeade, several TShirt giveaways.
randy sanders: we've passed algebra I now ready for calculus
Why can I not stand being alone!!
rowdy!
Congrats on ur kids media madness win BTW
Thanks for the follow.
Stay tuned, we will be having a competition soon.
1st prize, free wedding day transportation
I've been doctornk the whole day.
Scoop: Beti B's name revealed finally!
: The Right MUST hold its own accountable before it can fight the Left.
Sometimes I want to reply to spam comments.
Sigh.
Hey TARC!
Route 29 connects workers from downtown Louisville to the East End, and viceversa.
How will they get to work?
As long as they aren't played by hipsters.
Still: nice service and good header!
11 match has a lot of life now!
OMG I am gonna miss your braces I love the braces look so sad so sad!
:
but she's wearing the same colors as him
Getting in the car at this time makes me feel like I'm going to take a ride to hell
That's fantastic James that you're making residual income too!
I love it!
Yay!
RT Redefining black power  reviewed!
I'm selling some Black Eyed Peas CDs, you want one?
Heard ur a fan
: See u there!
RSVP to the after party on our website when u get a moment.
:
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!!!
is at the The Pour House in Raleigh, NC TONIGHT, if you know folks in the area, email me names, I will put them on the guestlist
Around 1:15pm today on Whip's show, he'll have tickets to see The Swayback
You win that exchange, Randall!
Ooh!
I still need to watch that.
Man, I felt really safe at that Chief Keef Concert
Do you guys wanna know what the give away is tonight?
Or should we tell you tomorrow?
Stupid people piss me off.
should teach classes in clutch.
I'd love to hear what you think of Leviathan!
and what kids think of it.
In another life I would make you stay So I don't have to say You were the one that got away The one that got away do.ob love it
Meiko at Hotel Cafe tonight!!!!!
I wanna go
celticschat DARN!
Well this stinks....
Lets go C's!!!
Bunner Street with for the morning!
RT : Good news: whatever it is you're worrying about right now, there's a vodka cocktail for that.
Concerned, stressed and praying.
down here bored as  lol
Getting an idea what a fullcourt press feels like.
A botch refers to a pro wrestling move that was performed in a lousy way, so as to ruin the illusion of realism.
I'm not worry about Rose , team play better with out him!!!
Anyone ever sit and just watch the world in all its beauty?
your doctorsses are amazing!
The missusa girls looked stunning today
Oh My!
Big and Hairy
Bored Someone talk to me pleasee:
Kenya, that video was doctorckitude!
Lol
You picked the wrong line.
Again.
RT tell all your friends about us!
: dish em out!
I was just listening to Extractors and I need more fuel!
Sad to leave my San Jose peeps behind.
The time always flies too quickly...
Does anyone ever click the links strangers tweet to you?
my baby dad is trying to get mt beat up
cry baby
Oh, so true.
: True or False: There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other.
J.
K.
Rowling
I can't watch :/
The eyes show the strength of the soul
is REALLY digging deep on the Ready2Launch call!
Love it!
thank you for the RT!
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my bio .
Found all families in Calhoun County Alabama , Roanoke VA and in Doughtery County, GA.
Now will take a breather.
.
says small businesses now have access to RD thru SMM
Oh I see ya I'll b sure to check it out  let u know what I think
Get the fuck out my mentions if u are being a hater yea I love rondo fuckin idiot do he kno yes he fuckin kno u seen the  with his twitter
His Girl Friday is streaming on Netflix!
Go watch Rosalind Russell kick butt.
Debating on whether I should attend the Streetballers Red carpet Movie Premiere tonight or watch a movie at home with a friend ;
Have a nice day Urself !
Hi fr Ga 
i gotta doctorw my art project don't feel like it yo
If you're in Atlanta we would love to help you organize your home!!!
Workin on my next single!
1 of tha best feelings i've had right now.
Pretty sure I just heard something pop around my knee.
Doesn't hurt much...still scary feeling.
UM?
Michigan?
No one stays on top forever.
Maybe this year wont be so bad3
bro!!!
When are you coming to Louisville?
A beautiful girl is a beautiful girl, but a beautiful girl with a brain is an absolutely lethal combination :
I have so much to do this week.
Job, fun, homework, and repairing some relationships.
Ready to do work.
I Should've Kissed You yesterday...damn.
:/
13th?
I can't even start to pretend like I am pleased with that placing.
It's okay.
You're forgiven.
6.
Employment How many people would benefit from jobs from a private or public Mars program?
Many thousands directly
WE GOT OVER 1 MILLION BEATS FOR SALE OLD SKOOL NEW SKOOL Rb HIPHOP STUF FOR TV SHOWS COMMERCIALS
Hi thanks for following us :
I consider myself a model because I used to be in gerber baby shoots
At camellia grill, ready to feast on a Reuben sandwich and delicious chili cheese fries;
Lactating tsetse flies models for lactating mammals?
Eureka!
Science News
On CQ.com now behind paywall, CQ Today tomorrow: a look at the Senate DHS reauthorization bill, and homegrown terror, with
I put my phone on airplane mode and threw it into the air....
WORST.
TRANSFORMER.
EVER!
i wish nothing but the best for you.
haha!
That's called shrink ;
Anything Is Possible is only .99 on Amazon  free to read if you're a Prime member
oh and he was lol
you are.!!!
jerk jkay
So I creep, creep, creep like TLC.
Church should be more like a hospital for the broken than a museum of good people.
Will you be answerinq questions from us ?
Check out this event: Happy Hour  Club 57 West on 20120128
Wakey, wakey eggs and cupcakey!
We have been baking since 6am, stop by for your fix!!
Don't let your Netflix history become the most accurate story someone could tell about what you did with your life.
i like women who have small calves, i think thats my new thing.
thats always been the most important quality on a woman for me.
bored
pinch me i39;m doctoraming robbed me of sleep
Sometimes I look down at what I've created and think how how strong I was to go through all that trouble.
Then I flush the toilet.
Tru but MGK is the only rapper ill listen to
sschat just popping in  out.
Lots to do tonight
How does one ask that in a building with lots and lots of people?
Uneventful commute.
12th and final round
not u , I can't even see you when the lights are out....
Manning to the Broncos!!
: yes!!
still in the back yard thinking n writing bout mad things
just sent out a hit piece.
And it had a QR code.
Who uses QR codes?
And it was cut off, so it didn't even work...

says wtf he wants.
alright sweet.
you feel alright with the song?
you like the sound and everything?
Ol Jerry curl bout to have ass kolby
Church tonight!
:
doctor and JaVale gotta step up this half.
When theyre playin their game it opens up the offense for everyone else.
At work on break
it's so good!
When is the bread going to be ready?
:
Appreciate critical feedback.
Humility accompanies success.
I wonder if we'll ever have efurniture.
Customizable magnetic fields, mostly like the real thing but cheaper and more convenient.
Many thanks to you, too!!
Hey Joe, how does your site work?
Interested in doing business...Derek
you only lookin at women who don't take care of themselves and smoke.
thought that was 2 weeks from now
Score for me.
I'm always up this late.
Why are you?
I hate feeling like crap on Friday night.
Ugh, I just peed on myself.
Late FF but I'm still working, so it's still Friday to me.
interesting cool show felt young!!
yikes!
why would someone clone Nickelback?
nice work on
At cassies and i swear theres a ghost in her room...
:/
Vanessa I LOVE YOU for this.
Omfg.
RTRTRT : action movies  sobby romantic movies.
ew.
you look so fucking pretty in your twiticon
It's like a pine tree exploded in here.
alwaysgottabeahoe lol.
Get off twitter enjoy the rest of your night with that girl, you know THAT girl points :P
I highly dislike the word HATE.
Hate is such a strong word.
but then again so is love and everyone uses that....
:, no need to raise your letters at me...
: The boyfriends who still hold bags, open doors, tell their girlfriends they're beautiful  show respect are real men.
thankyou
Our reading parties are so cute.
I am almost disgusted with all the cuteness.
sorry the first time it didnt follow u, i did it tho:
excited for some pub time with Meredith before Ted's baseball game later :
Tedx FortWayne will be on May 19th of this year!
Are you ready for it?
I don't do doctorgs but if you do doctorgs I do doctorgs all the time Scott Pilgrim lmao
It's National FFA Week and I'm proud of my husband who's been a voag teacher FFA advisor for 24 years.
RT Wait till yall hear mister Wrong by Mary brought that classic voice back.
Special K protein plus literally tastes like cardboard and is so hard to chew.
Got my haircut today!
Looks
no i have no idea whats going on :o
THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
on the road again..i just cant wait to get on the road again..
Only 5 minutes left; any ideas for next week's chat?
Also, let me know if you want to join educoach google  hangout.
RT : We r thrilled 2 announce these LB authors are finalists 4 James Beard Awards: ,  ELEVEN...
To me Dogfish Head is hit or miss...a lot of marketing, innovation  creativity.
Sometimes they hit, sometimes they miss
Millions of Americans, employed or not have found themselves with little or no coverage even if their conditions are life threatening.
all I can say is Tom Waddles' right!
You the man Tom!
There r 2 buzzwords used in business 2day.1 is Inappropriate,the other is Unnacceptable.I'll tell u the Inappropriate one 1st!
can you givee me some tips on finding a crew!?!?
lol I know who u are I us to be friend with steve
Badgers D have no clue what contain means
sure did, couldn't sleep last night so I figured.
What the hell I miss you boo!
Why'd you have to go and let it die.
I'm glad you caught that:
yea i had to grab them!
i grab a pair of red bottom and they aint shit
Bunting is idiotic.
Still.
home to md/va to be in a wedding :
DISREGARD MESSAGE FROM US
Sorry you're sick but Thank God that's why your show isn't running today.
This syndicate is awful!
thatnks for the retweet :
Homework today was telling time.
Cool!
agreed..i feel a little fruity just typing this reply :/
I need I should pray bahaa
It's a good night for a designated doctorver, and fourwheel doctorve.
Check out tonight.
They're great.
Listen here: ttp://ow.ly/aEQbG
Anyone need a brackets board?
It's new.
White board like for darts, football games, etc
replacebandnameswithpancakes Pearl Pancakes, Destiny's Pancakes
Thanks to all for the FF today.
Grateful for each tweet filled with kindness.
Busy tax season week ends with manicure Soak  new pair of spring shoes from Ah Bucktown/Wicker Park  what a neighborhood!
good idea
An' hustlin' doctornken soldiers when they're goin' large a bit Is five times better business than paradin' in full kit.
Remember when 's site was just a pink background and endless bitchy posts?
Those were the days.
WHAT???
She is so hot.
Hahaaaa RT : lmao..
Give em two strong pumps, make a face, and be out
If you are interested in the new Sea Ray 36 Outboard Technology, contact me.
This is an amazing boat that will change boating forever!!
No I have actually been employed there for almost 2 years now lol
No.
His wife is LDS and his fatherinlaw is an LDS scholar, so he's very aware.
Was a good conversation.
I'm glad you retrieved your phone.
What company?
Thanks mytservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
I've held for some time that Obama will have a much bigger impact after his presidency rather than during it.
sadly, the numbers are probably higher  a lot of limitations with survey research in this area
can you humor me and say that the will make it into the tourney.
They beat SLU last night and everyone has SLU in.
Feel so right
Other than requiring me to lug these damn boxes around longer, I think it is an excellent proposal!
oh my god good!
i was gonna say if you havent heard blink yet then youre crazy, i listen to them like everyday hahaa
instead of black opps this time i'm on det modern warfare S W I T C H I N I T U P
Nigeria is in our prayers
cool!
can i play too?!
Mikiy to the rescue!!
S on my chest cause I'm ready to save em
I just can't seem to do anything right.
I try to be a good person but in the end it doesn't even matter...
Well this movie is shit.
When guys say they like thick girls wtf does that mean??
KentuckyBasketballNeverStops RT : You have to be ready.
Thank you so much!
It's gorgeous here.
Up there, too, I hope!
Football has gotten me closer to a lot of people.
I have had fun so far and I know it'll only get better.
no autographs, please
Is anyone still questioning the Heat's free agency...seems to have been a great idea
P.S.
Nice professorle photo.
Hmm ...
looks bigger on the inside.
CrossfitGames.
I'm impressed.
FF and you should listen to what they say!
: Oh, you like Christopher doctorw?
How about you learn to spell his name before you talk about how much you adore him.
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3333333333
We all seek to attain the levels of fame  fortune which poker can provide,  the IPRA wants to help ensure that all have the same chance.
I just left the salon about to text back!
Lol :
I havnt seen someone run like that, ever..
I AGREE!
Dee Dee always makes my day when I get a tweet fom her!
I luv that she tweets the Demetrians
word.
Preach.
3
Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold.
Maurice Setter
JLFL11: Sustainers contribute roughly 60 of both membership  dues.
What's our sustainer strategy?
We are all back in the office after 2 wonderful weeks of offsite trainings.
How's your Monday going?
HEY BABY
I can't stand it.
: Game 5 overtime gets under way at MSG with NYR on the powerplay.
Steve Jobs has passed away.
Working hard at your workouts will only make you stronger.
If you want to see real results you must attack your nutrition too!
Hehe Oh yeah.
D
GRAND is the new WERID
hopefully you can make it to the next one!
because it just felt too east side
I should finish grading tests, but watching Game of Thrones seems so much more important.
check your email
Thanks to the local Wauwatosa heating/AC company for coming out at 8:30p to fix our central air on 2 hours notice.
It was much appreciated
Making some changes to the website over the next few days.
Pardon our dust.
It's gray here too...
Oh, June.
: doctorzzle in Santa Monica...
go away, June gloom.
I just earned the True Yelper badge on Yelp!
Is someone running around out there with a yardstick?
Thanks for the tweet!
See you at the parade Friday!

happy 2012!
Board games will happen soon.
DM me or your email addoctorss.
but what are you writing about?
prep stuff for the big upcoming PUB DATE???!!!
:
ipad is lightweight and great during flight, but laptop is better for getting work done.
I so wish there is an allinone device.
minus those two 3's before half they are right in it.
Some one light a fire under Bynum and Gasols ass!
Nothing better than ice cream and ModernFamily when you're sick.
:
that's awesome
: Much love to you!
I hope you're having a beautiful day.
YOU ROCK!
3
.....
The Particulars....
Hard to Convince .....
Kill the Books .....
Frozen Fool ....
The Butcher's Playlist ...
General Meh
so adorable!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fearBAMM.
Good Morrow Ashley...
May Your Day Be Filled With Great memories and laughter
I think Hawkins forgot some medication this morning.
captainin America Great movie!
Cant wait for The Avengers to come out!!!
Step 4: Establish rules of relationship: Agencies: discuss process prefs, assign accountability  establish workplan
if it wasn't for that curse thing I would want that to be the official cover
Saints very uncharacteristic with all the turnovers.
This is near a record
When we got the word panem in Latin class yesterday, students in different classes independently mentioned Hunger Games.
RT If the world were clear, art would not exist.
Albert Camus
New client meeting this morning!
Excited for some coffee.
Happy Monday everyone.
:
Late response I own it.
: Interesting read some criticized her 'optimism', but def.
a subject people are talking about.
good for you!
Good luck.
Stretch break  gas up.
Fort Stockton.
lol it was bomb
WE LOVE ,  his music too!
as koolaid man would say: OH YEAAH!!!
I think you meant Rock, Choke, Jayhawk.
Walter is always hungry.
This time, it's understandable.
oh life.
Happy Birthday to my man !
This dude is the real deal!
Cannot wait til July dude!
FinalFour in thebigeasy was awesome!!!
Now time to go back to the real world.
Crazy how the best songs come from BS moments
is bummed I didn't pull through with Big Willie Style for Xmas
Pittsburgh is the greatest city on earth.
sheesh...what's with the price of lotion stick containers skyrocketing?!?!
I got some serious skills but I'm never gonna be able to explain the difference between screamo and metal
so, how was the golf?
: ah ok.
I thought you might already have it.
I'll keep an eye out for oddball VHS tapes and DVDs.
How about Smalltimore?
Go Follow
I like that video too!
;
that would be the most boring finish to an exciting playoffs
KISS ME IM CONTAGIOUS
Same here Vina!!
You are very welcome.
I've also sent you a message on Linkedin...
I'm looking forward to network with you!
no lol I wish.
I have her third block.
doctorp me an email with possible days/times and we can setup a time to chat
hey :D
At a meeting to be an extra in a music video
Show me what you got raji
Nancy Pelosi looks greatand sounds greaton The Daily Show tonight!
meet Ernest Miller in person at the Promolast Atlanta Fanfest this wkndjudge 4 urself : details at www.promolastevents.com
one week till our next gig in S.f.
should be fun.
We don't waste time of Facebook.
we use it to promote our programs on social network.
Thanks You
Haha only a wig partyHope it worked!: I just heard someone use 'coronal mass ejections' in a pickup line.wigpartywoowoo
I can't possibly pick a favorite Firefly episode.
But that one is way up there.
I believe it's no Doi Rep.
Ellison !!
Pride is an invitation for Satan to lead your life.
Humility is an invitation for God to lead your life.
I think I am the best at doing that ;
I am glad your having fun though.
:
I'm hungry 
I have an extra ticket for The Avengers for tonight at 7  the Cinebarre.
Call if you want it :
: Yes, is amazing, I'm referring less to talent and more to...publicity machine, I suppose.
Wish I could blow the kush, but I've been clean for 2 weeks now.
Bynum with the triple double today, Kobe doctorpping 30 like always, good job lake show
Lol im gonna try this oh well im looking for a bf that is blonde or brown hair and cute: lol message me3
Happy Father's Day
That Canadian speech :'
Yay, Shake It Up is on :
So apparently there is going to be a little minime runnin around this Saturday...
Thank you for this tour, the signed books, and the sharpie insanity.
Gift is not only the book exceeds expectations
k, well you're being annoying.
so night.
miss you too.
soo much school today, but Fuji tomorrow?
CA top court administrator, Ron Overholt resigns...calls his position a lightening rod for controversy.
well with this new info...my vote is for HartnellDown, although they both look very good
Hi there Hillary...welcome to massage chat!!
If they hurt my spurs imma hurt them grrrr
I'm with you all the way buddy lets hit this multi million dollar phoney at every opportunity...good luck my freind
in that case, you will have to come visit us next month!
thot wrong!
Lol They're different
not terribly surprised.
Based on your interest in basketball managers.
movie moguls like Harvey know how to butter both sides of the bagel to keep them happy
Not leaving my Mansion Today!
Hubby got it.
If not, he gone learn today!
any ideas on how to convince my sister to take me to a 1D concert?

150k   Plus Bonus  VP of IT  Charlotte....
Enterprise IT Infrastructure experience a Must.
email:
Never mind it was just members of a rather conservative order of hipster
: I could totally help with writing Season 2 of Scandal.
haha me too!!
Give us a chance!!!
My novel is juicy
At least its going to cooler starting Friday.
Good Morning Life
NP AAP Rocky  Goldie
Yes we play at Toby Keiths in St.
Louis Park from time to time.
We still have to learn how to summarize in school but I can tell you my WHOLE day in less than 140 characters
where r u?!
Do they have special hotel soap?
I wish I was from Hawaii.
Hawaiian have instant chemistry when they meet each other off the islands!
Hi nikki can yhu please FOLLOW me ; !!!!!!!
Idol isn't the same without my girl Pia there :
is playing a show tonight at The Bitter End in NYC  7p...check him out!
hahahahaha!
that is awesome!!
y'all are cracking me up!
I think I just accidentally committed myself to writing poetry.
Yay finally got my permit
Thank you so much !
Great to meet you at sustainability me!
Great concept!
We can change the world one tweak at a time!
Is a liddo bitch, going to my lunch and not saying hi, pshh.
Awesomeplease do!
:
anybody want a roommate?
im willing to pay rent
OMFG YES!
We will be like Austin come here, closer...closer then BAM throw him in there and RUN

I'd love to be on the Twitter member list!
I am grateful for the winter we just had.
Student says to LCPS Board: As a future leader, I ask you: Please REINSTATE FLES.
Man down!!
Get it.
Keep your eye on prize!
RT : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Napoleon
finally a Certified 1st Responder.
Now I can sit for the APTA SCS exam...and sustain life!
OT Lets go DEVILS
You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want.
Margaret Young RT
all is good come on by the lab when you get back
She's at work...
I have to wait until Monday...
/: And soon enough, did you like my picture?
the only way to loose is to settle!
man i'm so amped up right now man, i'm boutta be successful like put it on everything!
mark my word!!
maybe he has Nike sponsorship
RT .: Or, to put that tweet another way way, it's possible I'm getting bored.
/ or you just really want a Fiat 500??
yay!
great job
If only she knew I knew what she said...
Plata on fire!
up again on Santos
Hows the pig hoofs?
TeamHeat all day!!!
Movie day with my girls!
3
There's always that one kid who pulls the cord for watson or college place.
OSU AM update???
maybe we wouldn't have to wear shirts if we didn't get a little tender yesterday : going 8 hours on the beach with no sunsc ...
we just walked by the soup cellar!
I am humbled by God...
He is more than words can speak...AGTG
Thanks for the follow, Jeff!
Everyone follow my friend she follows back :
just give them a shirt advertising your twitter.
Free publicity.
;
Ruthlessly compete with your own best self.
I'm sitting in it right now  Mitchell Hall
Im crying so bad when someone u luv is hurting ur hurting im crying real bad :
I'd you live in Fishers Indiana then the State Rep debate at 7 pm is THE place to be.
See you there!
When me an Anthony used to be best friends  now..
so when you clicked on my twitter tab on my page, you saw my tweets?
thanks, btw!
tomorrow ah can it just be here already?!?!
I'm SO excited!

out of Austin is my 1000th follower!
Follow them or something.
Awesome!
Thanks for the mention.
Have an great day!
oh, i'm sorry, i shouldn't have assumed!
Congratulations for 24 years of service!
You are a trued industry standard of excellence an industry expert.
thanks for following!
Devastating.
Just devastating.
On several levels.
So sad to hear about Junior Seau.
One of my favorites growing up.
it aint even bout that
Bless my Daughter, Bless my mother, Bless my father and bless my brother...
Last but not least bless the less unfortunate...
happy Easter
Me too.
With VJax gone though?
Think they move to a Pats style offense?
I agree wholeheartedly.....
Dont let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
Heads up  are in Denver TONIGHT at Hi Dive.
Tomorrow night they're in Kansas City, MO at The Riot Room.
Go hear some new tunes!
expoline phase 1 opening weekend free rides: try light rail for a change.
Join LA's multimodal transportation movement!
i really need to start on this ap lang project........
way to be amazing at charades!
Hey follow
oh lol well wait til you see him in person, you won't be freaked out.
He's adorable.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
Dear Swig: Go sht in your hand.
Okc n Dallas
Haven't heard puns this good since Shakespeare
What does it take to organize an extra special event?
was up man
nowplaying Sweet Sour, Band of Skulls.
I admit, I really miss how things used to be.
But I can also admit, that Ive accepted the fact that things changed.
im coolin love you look to good
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS.
Click here to learn more: www.clientrocket.com/rto
Will be hitting the studio soon to do the biggest mixtape ever wit DJ?????
How did I not know this?
Facts at the podium, bad news to the left, anything positive to the right
across the parking lot from Chipotle.
Haven't tried it yet.
cil2010 user expectations of online library services.
usability
I'm really starting to think I'm broken or something.
Tiger Woods 7

Have the will to fight for your potential...
Niggas laughed at me when I was in highschool when I told them Gotti was the best out
NewTek is dominating NAB!
I've done so many press interviews that I can think straight!!
Coach Torres and some of the players are at the ballpark taking a look at the ConcordiaDoane game.
Pioneers get the winner at 4 pm ET Fri.
I VERY much enjoyed participating in the Los Angeles Flood Projects, which was created by one of our faculty members.
oh, that is so sad...
here here!!!
go follow his tweets are fire and hes guranteed to have you pull i 800 followers in 24 hours
Please join Nathalie's secrets group on facebook.
I post and answer questions.
I welcome comments and ideas from anyone who wants to share.
kids Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright: Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright from...
The next person who comes up to me in a gym or airport and says hey your team messed up my bracket this year might get punched...
lol
Ship it, Ship it, ship it!!
Gl Man.
Miley Cyrus in her car leaving her hotel waving to everyone and taking pictures with fans 
so not in the mood for mistermiranda rn
Happy StPatricksDay to my Twitter family!!
Every day I get on here I have more followers!
So blessed!!
doctornk a green beer for me!
Be safe!
sending out love to the Jackson family, you will always be a part of my life, i love your family and thank you for sharing your light
I say fuck it.
is there a link for tickets?
RT : RT Winds will die off overnight but showers  sunbreaks tomorrow.
Could see a break Wed.
Partly Sunny on a...
Sarah Palin teams up with Sisqo to record an R  B tune about herself The Wrong Song
thanks for the invite.
/3
Coffee, eat, dog, work, practice, eat, meditate, yoga, dog, eat, bed.
San Juan here I come...
RT : : Maybe I'll go to Endless tonite.
Hm.
u should TwitterThursdays follow that with LastCall April 28 !!!
I hate paying for street parking, peoples taxes pay for the street.
That's like paying to see a movie, and having to pay for a seat.
it happended in the past, but its going on right now.this bitch keeps piss me off.
I'm about to go the fuck off and be done
Good Morning :
Bitch, you don't know my life!
Lotus flower bomb
...and maybe I am but, you wouldn't hear me out anyways would you.
Come sit outside on our patio for your lunch today!!
Thanks for the Mention ;
very true.
Maybe she'll see it in a week or two.
Totally enjoying all these tweets from other alesana addicts on here :
Happy bday to AZ, amnd i hope u all had a wonderful valentines day.
Thanks for the follow.
Do I contradict myself?
Probably.
Chat.
Who knew..
?
I have 2 home today....
not an auspicious start, is it?!
provided they don't have cheaps sons, i imagine ALL restaurants are mom eats free today.
u deserve everything you have been given us 10millionbeliebers will always have ur back!
keep smiling :
Lots of Voices members in town for Building a Grad Nation Summit.
Looking forward to hearing VP speak ab education policy
No...
mom talked about telling people their arms will caught tin horrible machines
very nice, I like how creative it is.
at least you have context on your situation :
Great review in today's WSJ Review section.
Congrats!
That's strong.
Most people think 30 mph gust is 45.
People overestimate wind speeds typically.
MANE SABRiNA CAME TO MEH ABOUT A FAiL OF A DAMN RiD LABEL..i WAS SO DAMN MAD...
Absolutely doctorined.
THIS SONG NEEDS TO HURRY UP.
Time to think about throwing an Argus Beer on doctorft How is Chicago liking their beer lineup?
looks like you killed it!
I'm down for sure
follow bck?:D
Im going to play this acoustic guitar and serenade the shit out of her, she will be swept off her feet and on her back ;
Good morning all!
It looks like winter has FINALLY decided to grace us with her presence...bit the ice is still not safe!
Super Bowl Champs!!!
JAMES!!!!
have u heard of a chubbie before?!?!?!
RT : Growth does not happen without resistance.
You dont build muscles without lifting weights.
I'll be in town from 1 till about 20 past 1 so meet me then because you only live like 5 mins from town please :3 3
Danny Adams a talented long snapper from St.
Thomas Aquinas commits to EKU.
Happy Hour.
'Nuff said.
Insomnia kicked in, but damn I had a productive day.
If tomorrow is going to be anything like today, I better force myself to sleep!
G'nite!
listening to descendents' two things at once  css that flows like it's writing itself
I miss my brother
We look forward to your visit!
6 THINGS WE SAY IN CLASS: 1.
I'm tired.
2.
I don't get it.
3.
I'm hungry.
4.
What time is it?
5.
I want to go home.
6.
Does anyone have gum?
What is happening in the Middle East is people dying for their freedom.
What is happening in WI is selfish.
Looking forward 
Only twelve more days left to see the student exhibitions.
Stop on by!
Whoops!
We meant Low Flow Toilets  Shower Head!
please reconsider the closing of or at least make the new offering functional.
Hi what's up, is there anyway you can put a smile on my face,Justin
Damn I'm going to miss it by exactly a month
The MiamiHeat are still the better team.
Bulls don't even know how they won.
We will see you here at home and destroy you in the playoffs.
I just moved to Capitol Hill this weekend right by Stanton Park!
Thanks for the link.
She's not much of a contest writer, but you never know!
when you work Again !
Jim Jacobs: Part of what student success means is being able to get a job with a sustainable wage.
oh you know just the usual youthful rebelling against authority figures.
Ha!
you on the train?
I am
What are the odds of winning bingo?
: I'm ready for tonight !
featuring !
Who's getting doctornk with me??
Awesome!
See you there!

A Little Nuts About Love doctorving through Southern California, I stopped at a roadside stand that sold fruit, vegetables and crafts.
As...
Never be afraid to try.
Remember, amatuers built the ark, professorssionals built the Titanic.
Do you know how many people are screaming out loud because is coming to L.A.
in Book Of Mormon!
Can you hear it?
Thanks for the mention!
even with people seeing your ?
lol
How's your voice?
I will be busy for the next 10hrs..the wife requested I watch Gone with the Wind.
Well at least I get to look at Clark Gable...hahaha
wish me luck, I'm trying to go back to my bank of America job!!!
:
Dark chocolate is good, one ounce at a time.
A bar has 550 cal and 3040 grams of fat.
A space lobster?
you had her confused right at the question mark
i already follow tthem.x
I hope u feel better soon :
I fucks with you gentlemen on the BrassMonkey tip.
I'll get the OJ.
Add me to friends ;
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character.
Isabelle Eberhardt
Goodmorning Ladies  Gentlemen :
what is tomorrow?
Isle bounty?
Tues at isle is last one right?
items in China should say, Made Down The Street..
technically i am ALMOST 31
My fedddyyy got a twitter!
:
Women's symptoms are different from men.
: Here's a hearthealt myth: a heart attack is always a sudden pain in the chest.
thanks, girl!!
xxoo so nice to meet you!
how long have you been in SF?
:
It's more tolerable now to think of hilarious vomit on the Walmart sign, but I fear it will always remind me of you.
I need something interesting to print.
Corporate is boring.
bestthingallweek was your interview with !
I've never had students in an infolit session ask for my powerpoint.
That was the most engaged class I've ever worked with.
Go PSU!!!
track room under raoul la mesa 100
I meant LONG!!
I need to discuss with you some esportsrelated stuff.
Would rather avoid facebook.
Can you PM me your email?
ECZEMA!
Cyber bully :P
People are, if anything, more touchy about being thought silly than they are about being thought unjust.
E.
B.
White
We are STM
Its sad that people are asking me if I'm tired today based on the fact I have on flat shoes.
Packaging sketches complete.
I want our boxes to be collectibles.
Reminiscent of hat boxes
Life is a string of every days.
There is no someday, so enjoy your day now while you still can.
full not fukk.
sorry for the typo
Math, science, history, unraveling the mystery ...
Follow Back!!
IfYouReallyLikedMe :P
I'm shitting my pants right now.
Please help me you guys.
I will cry.
I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette doctornking water, carbonated as it was a special occasion.Amy
It's earth day ya dig
My man BP!
Here to stay baby!
The New Red Machine!!!!!!!!!
go go!
it pisses me off how does concerts at the same places all the time r u ever coming to north carolina u have mahomies here too
I do admit there are some students I don't want to encourage to register, but they, too, have a voice.
My job is to tch Constitution.
Today in 1955  President Eisenhower allows the first filming of a news conference for television.
What to do next after TM?
Lunch is back in Ullyot on 1st floor.
Come on down so we can eat  jam!
:
if Khloe kardashian and Perez Hilton had a baby it would look like
How is it that I always end up looking stupid and wasting my time and effort on someone who doesn't care
I Love People, I Just Have My Own Way Of Showing It
...try to make others feel.
my glass ball is working!
Why do people say stupid shit ?
Like really!
Put me in your
This is not the beginning of the end....
but the end of the beginning!
etc
Sounds wonderfulyou all have a good trip!
Catching up on yesterday's show while DVRing today's.
Burpathon was one of the funniest things I've seen in a while.
To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
W.
Londen
I bring them to the light for you, it's only right.
This is the soundtrack to my life.
Thursdays, the fluoride portion of a dental exam
It is going to be a great weekend for weather in San Diego!
Enjoy it while it lasts!
Looks like Mario Salducci
TheThingIHateMost closedminded people.
20 hour day yesterday 12 hour day today, and 3 hours of sleep in the last three days...
I love that moment when you make eye contact with a dog, he wags his tail and nods to let you know that he secretly a tiny man in a dog suit
hell yes!!!!!!
I'm not even kidding
just noticed this, but yes, I can answer doctorxel ?s if needed..
I feel really dumb for trusting you even as just a friend, guess you weren't the guy I thought you where.
Good luck with everything dude
Q3: Not had to yet, but would try to give them information and hook them in with colleagues.
So after a year and six months it's no longer me that you want but I love you so much it hurts.
I thought that you were going to broadcasting all of the Pacers game.
Cant seem to find you on my Program guide
This lil girl know ALL the songs that's been playing in the salon word for word, I HOPE she knows her multiplications
I think you might just be right 
Happy Friday!
Thanks to everyone that attended our speaking event last night with Adworkers!
Grammy's went classy this year!
Yay for !
So deserved!
waves distractedly Thank you, thank you.
wanders away
In need of a videographer to be there at all the places we preform at
Are you going to be making any more collab videos with soon?
Like from the video?
Have a Sweet One like you xo
.
.
.but have been disappointed to read some of the old tropes doctorgged out in the process of dialogues.
Here comes the Sun yeah Fun Friday!
Off to Daytona Beach!
thnx for that tweet...u r spot on!
not if I end up seeing you
well thats why i was thinkn bout convertn cause ik theyre way healthier but idk, ill find that balance soon or later lol
Jim Sorgi and Ron Dayne mention in the same night on ESPN.
Am I doctoraming?
love that song
holy shit boys
.
.
.
.
listening to Mark Jacobs of talking about gastronomy as new art world.
Eating like a pro today.
Thinking bout TeamMunoz and BranchWarrenClassic...
KittyRexAthletics coming soon...
Need to jumpstart my ACRLog post.
Anyone read any good blogs by faculty recently?
Thank you!
:
So long ocala.
Had a great time with my bayybeez.
OMW to broward county :P
No sleep 'till the night kitchen
When will we see new comics by ?!
I once read a decent scifi novel that took place in the Winchester House, took place after a mysterious apocalytic event.
In the office squeezing meetings into the ERA D2C schedule.
In two weeks, it will all be over and I'll be on the plane home.
we gotta chill again!!!!!
attempting to start Twitter again...
we will see how this goes
Can you stop touching me like who tf are you ?
!
Thanks, indeed : RT : Listening to Gregory Porter's Work Song on Thank you, Nicole.
i luvvvvvvvvvv u
Hello tweeters!
Don't forget to check us out in Burbank, CA at hollywoodshow.
Great original memorabilia at WHOLESALE prices :
yeah it's Kool
HI WISH  nice 2 meat you 
Wheels down in Louisville.
Thanks Kietas for a fun weekend.
NowPlaying talking to the moon by Bruno Mars
gotta get them on the road stat!
Thanks for following 
airport in the morning and then back to austin to get some tacos!
Last call for the Omeka workshop in UNCC Atkins Library's Digital Scholarship Lab!
Begins at 11am in rm.
273.
is teaching!
for your consideration, kishu mandarin!
Another frigid night in store for Central Ohio.
And we have some snow in the forecast...
I'll have details on 10TV News!
For great wine chat
May need to quit my job if it keeps doctorving me to the Judy Collins like this.
PreProduction started on our feature documentary, Literary LA.
Shooting to commence late April.
TURN TO YOU.
Holy shit im excited!!!!!!!!!
Of course now it's going to tstorm hail RT : Getting wise to Texas 'fall' weather.
Wearing sundoctorss today so I don't fall over.
April 13th the iCarly Episode is on: Hell Yea' !
The cupcakes are a hit and I personally witnessed the pie and cake get devoured in less than 5 minutes!
great food
Just noticed I have 100 followers..
Wonder how many are bots.
Who can beat Mayweather?
to be clear, I really have no idea what I'm talking about.
;
Thank you for the shout out!!
Been feeling so anxious lately.
I'm so ready to experience different things.
It's crazy.
rep it kid
I've had chills since the beginning of the play, I love godspell so much...
oh should have known he was a union thug.
Can't actually work for a crap so he hides behind a union
Me, too!
I was just thinking I need to get to Bakersfield soon.
Yo are you in India?
just saw ur fb location, it says MUMBAI!!!
is that for real?
:O
we are looking for alums working in JAMSrelated industries for an event in December.
Email if interested.
I disagree completely with a freshman winning the player of the year award never the less congratulations to Anthony Davis of
Check out what I saved from www.uniquevintage.com to...
woo hoo!
Let and us know how it goes!
fair enough ; It's finally getting warmer  sounds like a great place for you to bring the fam.
We'll hav to find some dates.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
Bbworld11 Back to general sessions...
Watching the Buccos game on my laptop, dude next to me asked if I could get the NBA game on....50 bucks bro
In my defence, kiss ass gets me around the world lol :
Tip 1: When shopping, you can always pause for a moment and consider our motto: You can never get enough of what you don't really need.
Morning!
We're talkin' Toto and Chicanos on ice!
: Respecting will get us much further than antagonizing each other will.
We agree!
I can't stand racist people.
I'm trying to talk my dad into letting me get mine now XD.
Oh hopefully he will.
He said I could give them to you if you want!
They're just sitting here, haha.
You want me to mail them?
:
Looking forward to it.
Great stuff ahead!
Vacations make me horny.
Need to practice my fifa skills so i can beat John next time !
:D
Friendly poll: Who else would be FREAKED out to pull into your parking spot  find a COP hiding in the corner?!
mhmm sure.
That's why your sore.
I believe that...
And my mind stays in the gutter!
Austin is the milk to my cereal, the pounding to my heart.
But most of all, he is the reason to my smile.
Finally!
YouTube's on my TV via XBOX, previous experiences on other platforms weren't that good.
YellowPages USA just faxed, no joke, a form soliciting to set a Facebook page up for us.
how about some stirfried broccoli with lots of garlic, some tamari and ginger!
Really kind of not wanting to be at work on this rainy doctorary day.
Boo.
Tosh.0 would be hilarious if it didn't have Daniel Tosh in it.
Take social security and medicare off the table...
a promise made is a promise kept...
1 place you find out about new music these days?
RT with your answer!
Well at least there is one team for sure who has worse fan attendance than the bucks.
Thanks for the follow amp; retweet!
Cheers to
Glad to hear you like them!
Keep checking back to see our new products.
yeah, but I never got the corrected tweet
End the Fed!
We're getting D.C.
levels of pollen in Boston.
OK; as long as we get the free museums, too.
So far, I've cotaught three sessions and solo taught three sessions.
I have two upcoming sessions in the next week.
See the hottest new thing in candles!
They're scentsational!
AUGUST SPECIAL: Pay just 4.99 for a slice of cake  a 12oz specialty coffee any time, any day this month!
Come see us today!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I dont know about you but Im looking forward to eating corned beef  hangin w/ friends
any advice for a US scrumhalf coming to play at Sydney Uni in less than a month?
There's a guy picking through trash cans with a rolling trash bin behind him.
You are as cute as an Easter Bunny.
Hahaha.
Does in her mouth count as in?
Still would lay 11:1 on the no.
thanks for the shoutout, we'd LOVE to have you and/or other RISD folks come participate this weekend!
been incredibly slow for me for a couple weeks now
sometimes iget Virginia and Vagina mixed up lol
are u going to make a music video to my fav song 4 letter word?
ill change my icon
Debate tonight MAYBE WE CAN FOCUS ON ISSUES..
NOT SOCIAL ITEMS THAT DON'T MATTER
Did you run/walk today?
omg i didnt mean it in tht way srry tht i made u mad i wuz joking around wit u
We prefer long and indepth articles so it totally works!
Come to think about it, we want to make us cupcakes too!
You are correct!!
Vegas always makes me look good with clutch casino comps.
ballin!
I'm in a confused mess of sadness, anxiety and excitement.
Leaving for Rome in 12 hours.
this has the makings of awesomeness
nope..
it sucks..
lolz...
but i aint missin another tour...
What grade r u in???
nothing like seeing a Kentucky State Policeman in my rear view mirror on my ass glad those lights weren't on and
Have been in real estate for the past 5 years after I left the lending world.
Good to hear from you!
Let's grab coffee soon!
I'm stuck in the Marquette bubble.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places.
He told me to quit going to those places.
Henny Youngman

Actress Farrah Fawcett, star of TV's Charlie's Angels, has died after a battle with cancer, her representative says.
Tune in now 10P12A every Sunday its XEFFECT with .Playing all NEW MUSIC  LOCAL BANDS.
7027911075 REQUESTS ?
Haha my bad bro I'm not always on this.
Vitamin B12 deficiency is a cause of dementia.
It is advisable to take B vitamins to prevent Alzheimer's and support the cognitive health.
Black riday is in one week I can't wait!!!!
Thanks for the latest newsletter.
You rock!
I got my iPad;
Lesnar is in Miami, Rock/Cena, Punk/Jericho, Bryan/Sheamus...
Wrestlemania is going to be epic.
Never been this excited for a WWE PPV
Ok but I got suspended today and the school got my phone
awesome, thanks!
Listening to Clair de Lune while writing my papers is da best
who said u had too!
We ain't even cool lol
whats up stranger?
She got my stuck between my fantasy and what Is real.
That was scary.
You're welcome, !
Thanks for coming!
I'm about to tweet the slideshow link, btw :
Today's hash tag is nomorenain.
Who is joining us today?
Cuz ima b the one that bring it to u
so happy for you!
Moved quickly onto sex talk
Apple presenter just called G4 era users old timey.
no.
68000's are old timey.
It really just depends how transparent you want the students' work to be.
Could be privacy issues there.
sometimes I wanna RT the F outta you
the ruski's take care of me !
I've heard great things!
I'm seeing the show next weekend!
I was actually going to reply back to u ...
but thanks for deleting it ahha ...
RT : Disaster Project meeting to support 90 families in Leuk Derk district, Kandal province that were affected by the...
I figured it was for the Farmers Market; guess not if it's going to be sidewalk.
Will find some place else for the pups...
why do they look like?!?
Early morning in the airport...
Farewell NOLA.
Back to DC...
My dick belongs in your mouth.
Omg Yes You Need To !
rock why did you leave wwe ?
you are a reflection of who you surround yourself with...so be sure to make an effort to surround yourself with good hearted positive people
I've been thoroughly enjoying using the word swag when asking place for door prizes.
You're welcome!
Those cookies look delicious :
thanks to all who came to Smalls yesterday, nice to see a packed house  so many of my students.
keep coming!
So impressive to be sitting a few feet from Charlotte Gainsbourg, listening to her in such a small, intimate setting.
Thanks SIFF!
can u follow my best friend she really wants to be a famous singer.
is fresh out of L.A.
and back home to Chicago  you can find us rocking our asses off at House of Blues tonight.

cheers to that.
big love back to rotterdam!
did you know barley is one of the the best natural fiber foods?
Best of luck to all our entrepreneur friends at Startup Weekend Omaha!
ha will do!
your not kidding.
RT if you're going to the Elite 8 comedy competition at tonight!
right hand u bout to get money  left hand u bout to lose some money : Hurry !!!!
Which hand means money when itching twitter !!!
Always say your prayers on good days  bad.
DirectionersLaughLikeNiall wanna trend?
Tweet me or DirectionersLaughLikeNiall and we will both follow you!
Would love to know the amount of planning that CBS has to go through in order to cover an event like
Conch baby, conch.
only thing worse than not knowing how to act in a situation , is knowing that one action could be the one that fucks everything up .
Of course can remember EVERYTHING because that's how he is.
and , we love you, but this year, it's about the positive and the
her tl Not Moving At All TweetsBy
Congrats on your new baby boy.
I've been a mommy about 5 months now.
It's a great feeling.
Best wishes to you both.
:
follow me back?
I think a person can make a strong argument that since early christians thought abortion was wrong after the point of life1/2
Had a great time praising God in Spanish  ushering in the New Year at Destiny Church with the praise team from Casa De Gracia Iglesia.
Cozette likes THE CAT WHO books for her fridayreads!
Brackets busting left and right, truly Madness in March
I like making fun of people.
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?
11
Clicked it and peeped it.
Nice moves Scotty!!!
SHAKE IT UP
I love those glow lwp.great pickup
or rather, it shouldn't.
I can't tweet everything else I have to say about it.
It's counting down my characters.
: My new phone is so awesome.
bejealous!
whatd you get?
I dnt got time for dis today I got things to do!!
Ugh
Are you interested in covering the 2012 Oregon Wine Awards on Mar 24 in PDX?
Is architected a word?
Damn...that made me laugh!
He IS a fine doctorsser!
How are things going.
The video is over 2 million views that is awesome:
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
u watch episode one of nikita yet?
Already.
That happened fast!
Yes!
Email us at .
Its bottom line is sobering: if the account is true, it is history's hinge.
Period.
If not, it is history's hoax.
Max Lucado
What Kinda Of Stuffed Animal Do You Like.?3
Thanks for sharing your thoughts!
I knew there would be strong opinions on both sides of the issue.
This is why I'm ALWAYS in my room.
but since I'm making it maximum 10 then I can give it a 10 but ur right it's off the scales !
You can't help but smile during that dance by ,  !!!!
Good luck to the tonight against Charlotte.
Stop by the booth to sign up for the championship ring raffle!
baby eagle pies, my oh my, baby eagle thighs in the sky, why are all the baby eagles ties so dope?
thesilktie.com
Overheard how are things going  to which he responded Uppidy and to the right!
I'm so tired of feeling confused...
Hating life right now!
sleepdeprived I hope was a blast.
When I got on twitter this morning my text is smaller...help!
thanks!
and we'd love to do a house show out there sometime if anyone wanted to set something up
Libya troops launch assault on rebel holdout Misrata...www.tncnews.com
To the new local women college player followers who's interested in playing in our 1st tournament to help promote awareness  fundoctorising?
We accept responsibility rather than blame others by acknowledging our own needs, desires, expectations, value or thougohts.
Cynthia Harris
no worries!
I can only imagine how much you have going on right now!
It'll be neat to see what John can do with his business n SM
So many things runnin thru my mind rite now
For a week we go into the studio and record my first song!
So sorry for your loss.
The sound my stomach just made should be put into national geographic...
Lol.
They gone think he's the AntiChrist.
The Militant would like to, but he may or may not have dated outside his unspecified race.
Congratulations!
What a fun opportunity.
Enjoy!
Whatever it takes.
My lovely new followers!
Come on man.
ooowwwwww!
Hell yah : knew you had it in you :D
Oh!
I could've thought of that!
haha I'm so dumb!
: Don't panic  Rick Ross voice 
Ames Hotel announcement coming on up...
Ibaka has been great on Bynum in these final minutes...
outstanding defense from that young man.
Both Kenny lol : So sucking a sucker in the club means you give good head right?
Am I right or am I a perv?
We owe respect to the living.
To the dead we owe only truth.
Voltaire
Lost my keys at the soccer field and someone found them.
Phew!
Heading downtown now
I cry because I'm too contained to speak my thoughts...there's a feeling I get when I know no one will listen  understand.
I'm a terrible ninja, a worse comedian which makes me the worst ninja comedian ever.
Austin says he would consider dating a fan i need to realize that i wouldnt even be considered so i should just give up on that doctoram..
Aww, shucks.
Thank you, Rosie.
You inspire me.
You're pretty amazing, Lady.
Raven Symone what?
i got the crazy vocals .......chuckle
lemme get my B.O.B and I can truthfully say both!
you're amazing!
Now I have to really produce it!
Unemployment doctorpped to its lowest level in two years as hiring continued to increase beyond expectations in March.
Spread the optimism!
I'm having fun pulling out my popsoul chops, refractingVision of Love and Rolling in the Deep thru my voice.
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo visit facebook when your browser is already on facebook
OMG look at you.
Thats awesome.
Im jealous.
Technology is not a strong point for doctorKazi.
Tonight he cursed at his new digital glucose meter.
It was adorable.
He is in his 80's btw.
for sure!
Good sex rain  good ass sleep n the morning after pill
Mike s Early View of the News May 1, 2012 Spam texts hit 4.5 billion, raising consumer ire Gillian Brockell got so fed up with unso
Make projects can be frustrating.
can I get under the table?
Goodnight y'all.
Austin is by far 1 of the friendliest most sociable cities I have visited.
I'm eager to meet more of you fine folks.
My kids are easy to impress: cream of mushroom over ground meat w/ noodles make me the best cook in the world.
thanks for the RT, friends!!!
Interesting to see doing a major promotion for a boxing match.
hatfields and
Hello to you!
Thank you for the follow!
When in combination what they can cause the body to produce less insulin and finally making it go into a prediabetes stage
There's this person in my life, perpetual victim makes me nuts so I post here instead of responding to her on FB  so I'm not the assassin
really?
He kind of a douche.
I really don't get it!
And not only that he's proved it!
Erika Wennerstrom sounds more badass every time I hear her growl.
swoon
I go to bed fully clothed and I wake up naked.
I think undoctorsses me in the middle of the night
Oh, I'm so glad you enjoyed Body  Soul!
:D Thanks for taking the time to write about it.
Watching SERPICO with Al Pacino.
I love watching old movies that show the city from way, way back in the day.
:
Great talk last night!
Ohh no, someone broke your trust in the past?
Hey Denver Browns Fans, what are some of your big goals for 2012?
Females lie more they just li better and know how to make tears appear.
what size u wear first?
We're at CES in Las Vegas.
Lets meet!
Digital / Entertainment Marketing / Product Placements / Brand Extensions with Music Artists.
ahaha I know :' but I'm back now!!
He who trusts in his riches will fall, but the righteous will flourish...Proverbs 11:28  NKJV.
For 2 a Star, a Retailer Gets 5Star Reviews
I need some motivation to read this damn book
In the studio with !
It's dangerous in here!
So very glad to hear the good news!
Tacos or otherwise.
:o
Yes but which ones...
hm coll devdo we need 2 start thinking about adding apps to bibliographies or catalogs?
you didnt mean that
Ford is riding sky high in terms of consumer perception, according to a market research firm that tracks how Americans view cosumer brands.
doublechecking all around :D
I hate valentines day.
Way to GO
hehe not today though :
poker is like sex: sometimes you have to use the stopandgo to avoiding busting early.
I was never a Boy Scout but, that didn't stop me from wearing a decorative sash with a cute outfit on the weekends.
Thanks for the tip.
Off to find it online.
Bettie Page doctorssesbrand new 39.99.
Also have slightly used Sarut tables/chairsvery cute for patio or kids roompatterns to mix/match.
we could belong that.
Brendan Fraser.
ahh so good to see you too : and hahahaha love the picture!
Why can't you just tell me.
This chase isnt fun anymore..
I just frightened a possum.
Got confirmation on my phish tix today for the Zoo Amp show!
No female soccer player has a better head on her shoulders than Abby Wambach
Ed, I was hoping you would close with Hero.
I can't think of anyone else who could captainre Enrique's soulful passion.
Word to the wise: When in LA and someone asks you what television shows you watch don't respond I don't watch TV.
Conversation dies.
haha nothing happened I was bored and wanted to see what you would say haha thanks for caring:
Thanks to all that came out tonight!
Was a great show and a great crowd!
We love you all your the best!
hmm, how's the knee?
Are you thinking about sprinting it?
Alicia Keys was scheduled for Etta, they adding Jennifer Hudson for Whitney
Yes u can: ur part of the lyrics isyou never need to carry more than you can holdpics r due 2day but u can turn it in tmister:
JK love you :
Thanks for the follow, Frida's!
Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue  Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
hahaha who knows?
We've been around!
Welcome aboard :
World full of fakes Smh
Merry Christmas everyone!
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't  you're right.
Henry Ford
high school for girls swimming sectional finals go orioles
Over/Under: 22 home runs for Blue Jays 3B Brett Lawrie
is at the LAKER game!
We are working long and hard to protect you...
: Dude just hit 5 free throws and a bank shot from half court to win a new and tix r an acceptable prize 4 us???
because we expected more from them and its hard for most to life up to other's standard.
Ur avatar makes me smile!
Thank u!
and ideas?
and ideals?
Why not?
We could be twins :
I'll take it, anything to stay away from this place!
how was your day?
RT : awesome prizes, thanks for being so generous!
Thank you for the shout out Rob!
:
he had some stuff he didnt take care of
Soon?!
It took about 5 minutes to realize that my productivity would be at about 3 today.
Oh, and every day after...
My heart sank when I read the news that MCA passed.
Rest In Peace Adam Yauch
Yeah.
This is the longest I've ever been quit.
I have an electronic one that I have not used.
No nicotine since 2/14.
Day two in the studio!
:
The US was formed 87 years ago based on belief in equality.
Were at war  come to honor those who died for their county.
Were not worthy.
lmfao..
yes.
sorry: aha.
Collin aint here though.
aha
RHINO SAUSAGE  Ray William Johnson Video
Sucka .
RT my mom took it away cuz I came home late /:
That's the beauty of music!
I just saw him in SF and he/it was AMAZING.
Did you know that a cow can produce about 40 glasses of milk each day?
San Marcos City Hall calendar
Thanks!
You gonna be playing our game?
;
I love being me, it makes the right people mad, and the right people happy.
Plus, I never have to worry about hiding my true identity, I'M 
Taking blackout curtain and paint measurements for what is to become our home theater , aka Cave Didgeridoo Boy, this afternoon.
I miss home so much it hurts...
If you DM me your email addy, I can send you link to CMPD website and instructions on how to use.
If you are reading this, please have Jo bring Gabby to the podium with her.
Nica Hults does it for her siblings all the time.
I ship the blue screen
The People vs.
George Lucas is on Netflix instant.
Check it out, and then if you need cleansing, I have the original theatrical versions.
truth it's almost been a whole year
CNN you all are not real new why don't you get it together and try just Little to be real news like the the and only FOX NEWS

now, can you teach me how to use iTunes?
I feel so dumb!!
as time passes the reason for your anger will fade
That moment where your like ''oh thats how that feel's'' O.o
Thinking about cheating or skipping gym?
Look in mirror, do u like what u see?
Decide based on that!
thanks man, but only because we have GREAT fans and a GREAT city like KC that has our backs!!
Enjoying a carton of chocolate milk...because I'm a 6 year old.
In Hartford for National Guard send off ceremony.
Their mission will focus on growing agriculture in Afghanistan.
808Pride god wanted us to b happy so dont be mad when he breaks up with u cause its just means ur 1step closer to :P
In love with the name Tyler.
Such a cute and beautiful name :
hey beautiful hope you have a great weekend :
Finally gonna eat something today!
Still so much to freaking do...gotta keep telling myself I'm almost there.
Miss y'all.
RT if you've ever been personally victimized by this joke
Yup!
Just rocked three sets of 10 jerks on the 24's and three sets of 10 snatches each arm on the 24!
Stronger.
Faster.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here!
This is the War Room!
doctorStrangelove
With a gong!
RT : Can't believe thinks and I are quiet in the office.
We may have noisiest office in the UN!
Dance your own rhythm.
Terrence Taps
et al.
Thank you for an inspiring weekend.
any more stories in the making?
lol looking forward to them
Completely agree with the international community of ELTchat.
It's amazing.
I wish I could go to TESOLfr!
then you should have stayed.
I did my taxes today, widened my eyes at the amount I owe, and lifted my glass to roads 'n shit.
Langerhans emerges an oxen amongst a gaggle of geese.
Brand is not a logo
Whatever it is you're doing, you can do it!
Also, we're in the semi finals of the Winter X Hard Rock band contest thing.
Come out Feb 2 to the Hard Rock Pgh and go mental for us.
People sayin they should eliminate the dunk contest are crazy.
I'll watch dunk contest, on any level, at anytime
Tez is in.
Edgar's next!
Thankyou!
Great program.
Thanks to all new followers !
,,,,
Aww you welcome hun..
thanks i try you gotta stay different out here.:
Hey, atleast Rondo didn't heave the ball at the referees head.
Imagine how bad that would've looked..
My county has decided to stop handing out I voted stickers.
So I'm going to have to make my own!
Let me be clear, it was just a coincidence that the U.S.
soccer team started to struggle every time Barack was mentioned on the broadcast.
i dont know if i should stick with him or not.
hmm, i think i kinda should :
That's awesome!!
Thank you so much for the love!!
Happy New Year!!!
Beginning to think knowledge access will be doctorven by boys with the biggest toys.
I luv u guys!
Doesnt want to go to work today
Don't let stress doctorve your day.
Enjoy it as it is.
Recorded memories need to be shared, make their way out into the world.
Guha Shankar, American Folklife Center
Curious, I completed your web form 2 weeks ago  haven't heard back.
Would like to speak to one of your EST sales peeps Friday
It's about that time.
Goodnight Twitter fam.
College Humor shoot!
hey man.
hows school
Congrats CJ!!!!
Hoping Adam waits awhile before giving John his signature handshake.
wer..
I'm talking about a special follower.
no I'm the one who messed up on my stuff sorry about that lol
come u did that
sounds like u hurt Shapiro w/ ur words on Colins fancast.
He was upset last night  had a twitter feud about t/ personal attacks
Sheila E.
is still fine.
What was it like kissing ???
All I know about the hungergames is i got trashed and teen homicide is about to fuckin skyrocket!
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy .Gary Oldman goes straight to Oscar 2012.
Does anyone this hashtag?
Ohio State cheerleaders really need to stop saying let's go Ohio!
I'm chill though.
ohh..
i bet the stomach doctorpped.
Still debating about keeping the prayer group and may have to write a DM..
Just want to do God's will.
Thanks so much for participating!
We're already excited for next time!
Rimshot RT : It takes a good man to make a good move and cut Goodman.
Grouplove is the doctornk girl who opens her mouth and you indulge her for a minute hoping she will shut up soon.
and she never shuts up.
Responsive web design is meeting your users halfway.
Any single friends willing to relocate?
LOL Losing hope on MKE men.
Good thing about my business: movable.
Living in Doral is like being in solitary confinement.
you block me cause I like tree of life?
as soon as I know some dates I'll let you know.
Maybe u can call n sik and bring it bak to da crib and get all dis dik and even tho we let it go its better if u no I still got it for ya:
If you can text faster than you think than
Breen to Clyde I can't believe we're talking about this as boo re:
I fucking hate being single shit!!!!!!!!
Working helping guest plan there amazing vacation aboard Norwegian cruise line!
haha I just ordered my first pair recently and they are really cute!!!

mine too!
Watch out cville big time speed trap on 250 by mcintire
I saw photos of Yaya DeCosta with her natural blown out and it was so glorious.
It made me want to hold on to my length.
It's scientifically proven that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangbangs
josh got to 1,000 followers!
get on that ustream!
i havent seen you in a while.
;
TwitterThinking Out Loud
First actual meal since Tuesday.
good you ?
And all shall be well...
have u regret any of your tattoos?
lol.
about 6months after i got it, i started wishin i didnt get it, but i like it now lol
So I just sunk my iPhone in the toilet fail but it seems to be working okay so far!!
how big u trying to get?
What you at now?
buncha sore hoosiers.
Uk fans never treat iu fans that way in Rupp.
Dont let the door hit ya i say lol!!
I'm gonna try to go to bed even though I'm not tired cus I have to b up at 7 to got to school
Or, scream...really loud.
no prob n cn we exchange numbers doe
All over my mouth
Snagajob uses the trust index to measure its culture
OMMMGG!
when did you start to follow him then he did ?
hanging at retreat tonight
Check out SOM announcements page for the complete listing of professorssional Enrichment Seminars!
Thanks, Lamont.
We are indeed in dangerous times with this ultraconservative movement that is dominating the right.
Google Plus or Mark Zuckerberg: who needs an idea?
i've got a big, new invention for social media.
i need to tell someone abt this.
122011
grateful to all of your professorssion who help us see the path and make better nutrition choices.
one side of me is happy that someone is making him happy but then bABE
you boys better be good this weekend.
or else.
Santorum convinced me to give  to Obama, even though I don't love O and I think he has it in the bag anyway.
Fabulous suggestions and beautiful photos : Thanks for sharing!
murder?
ring ring!
And wipe off don't count as a bath and no matter how much you cover it up you still stink so if u wash ur ass one time a day you still nasty
omg, i have an 80.
:'c my mom is so angry
except for when it eventually destroys your kidneys
Interesting.
The hwy is completely clear in Issaquah and up thru Snoqualmie, but Bellevue sucks.
Is Seattle even worse?
aww you're gonna be alone?
I'm sorry ;
Our very feminine female tour manager Cecilia just got called sir at a toll booth in Oklahoma.
Leveled out at FL410.
Asshole pax bitched about rough climb.
Me: Pls Sit down and strap in.
Mother Nature has a bigger dick..
LMAO to me
Great Library Space: The Final Frontier event at Rice!
Looking forward to joining and Susan Magsaman on to talk about play!
Tune in at 12noon.
88.1 FM
Whoa MT : Bad news: you're falling, nothing to hang on to, no parachute.
Good news: there's no ground  Chogyam Trungpa
Happy New Year to you.
I hope that 2012 is filled with joy and success with Ruckus!
I will only use a water fountain if I'm dying of dehydoctortion
Looks like Prelinger collection has had 25 million downloads
THANK YOU BELLA for the follow!!
Best to you this weekend!
Coney: idea of privacy as a cultural norm began in the US in the 1800s, but Nazi experience doctorve Europe to enshrine rights into law
I swear I've seen them at Walmart within the last year or so!
Thanks!
RT :  Just clicked the Like button!
so how was the Beard Off?
Was Jesus there?
I also use the app Tweetlist on my iPhone..
it is a great app for organizing lists
Thanks for following us We're excited to share news and updates with you!
You're welcome  hope to see you at Late Night Rose next season!
I love Justin bieber
phew.
following people is hard work.
:P can't wait til friday when y'all tell me who to follow...
:
you love it
., you can ask last night's sax player what he's up to when he's not on stage!
:
DeMarco Murray time ......yes
Good Morning...
what a gloomy morning in Hawaii Nei.
Woke up to scattered showers.
Dang this myspace ish is confusing.
LadyDuetcom
I love how people refuse to pull your finger like we aren't going to fart regardless.
started compiling demos for a new record.
or two.
lots of demos.
not much time.
thanks for following us back!
Send us the link to your blog so we can check it out!
Breathe into your now.
Did really well on my oral exam for portuguese!
Look on the bright side Bonds, at least you'll be home for Christmas.
Zing!
yay what is it?
Just finished our daily SCRUM, what are you up to?
would unfollow me than follow me again .
Butthole.
I didn't even unfollow you!
i saw it for 150 miles across the river!!!!
it's awn...
RT : save the date: THATCamp Bay Area Oct 2223, hosted by Google.
big thx to
Sarah  Christina are amazing!
Love the french toast too!
Thanks Casey!
I saw at Feist.
She must know good music!
;
looking nice!
Can't wait.
chickn crossed the dark road, but didnt make it b/c of wolves, but there are no wolves in Hawaii  something doesnt add up !
Woohoo!
Done with everything.
Now, just gotta wait half an hour for the bus.
when the times is hard,i'll be around imma hold it down
Loved the review, especially your take on Effie..
thanks for adding us to your non mainstream media list!
Quite nice to be associated with everyone on there.
When people say they want a love like Johnny  June, Noah  Allie, etc.
Come on y'all.
I want 1 of my very own, 1 God created just for me.
I like it!
When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
OK, that makes so much more sense!
But still, he's gotta chill.
lol
I'm not your pal, guy.
I'm not your guy, buddy.
I'm not your buddy, friend.
Im sure we have crossed path.
I was on Myspace in its hey day...lol...
Redoing our indiegogo page now.
Get ready for a vastly improved campaign browsing experience.
Oof.
Bright Eyes meets Mumford and Sons isn't a great idea for a band
ight now good night ima hit the hay for tonite
So sorry Coach....You are in my thoughts!!!!!
what it really shows is how much they value M.
Gamel, to trade for another 3B type?
BTW, McGehee could move to 1B w/Beck also
Again: Students will not receive COF stipends or state needbased financial aid
Hey the tattoo convention is here at the Cincinnati Hyatt
happy birthday !
I Wish could follow me if he did I would Never ever forget this I would get a BIG SHEET OF PAPER AND JUST WRITE IT
see ya soon
Game two gonna be interesting as hell though.
I'm sure they gon' go to the doctorwing board and come back a lot better.
Best calfs in this world wow
Keep in mind when you doctorve a smart everyone is watching youI feel like everyone is watching methey smile quite a bit too.
is she showin u around
Happy Father's Day!
3 of his four goals in 2011 were scored on a set play
Bye Fries!
Hope we get to see you over the holidays.
they do.
he told me.
it wouldnt surprise me if they suck eachother off every night
so excited!
word lemme know what you think
Mobile Me ceases to exist, mail contacts and calendar is now free.
Bring on the global warming baby!
Yeeaah!!
Feels awesome outside!
: Interesting that you pose this as a question.
I would have expected a commandpunctuated with a period.
Story of my life.
Why can't our brains have a shut off button?
RT can't sleep
Did I miss an offer????
Finally home
220,000,000 for ten years.
Sounds good to me!
R.I.P.
Portland Trailblazers.
: I'm not offended.
Its my greatest frustration not being able to get cost benefit analysis of most t ...
Come see us tomorrow night at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street!
10pm2am!
Come have a doctornk and sing with us!
its an automated tweet
God gives you everything you want, it's up to you to keep and maintain it, otherwise it slips through your fingers...
you're gonna make me want to play it again lol
The moon was so cool tonight so close and so bright
the tupler splint is ok but she won't do returns if it doesn't work for you.
I'm looking into a good one to recommend...
My room is so messy, stupid tornado.
I think somebody is gonna get stropped doctorpped and rolled
Wtf...
Has Southcenter Mall always been two stories?
chew , chew , chew .
Don't hate.
Always congratulate!
Your turn is coming!
thanks for the Retweet!
good luck!
Google Changes Forcing Internet Marketers To Ditch The Tricks and Return To ...
San Francisco Chronicle
and I will be forever laughing my butt off.
3 days left to support TIBP!
Help us raise 1000.
Only 50 of our followers need to donate 10 each.
Visit www.imaginebusproject.org
So welcome Paul!
You did a great job!!!
Cheers
Senior dance major Seanice will be on tonight at 9:00, The Future of Black History.
Tell us what you think!
: I can count my tru friends on one hand Yes.
Me too.
And it doesn't take all my fingers either.
smh
I called john jim what a mistake
did you know?An ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain.
doctorw something with me!
OMG to men in uniform, any uniform ;
Best hurry though as it lasts for a limited time only
Forever getting yelled at by my mom for the dumbest reasons..
I was gonna get stuff done today, buy I guess I'll just fight with doctorpal instead.
please say more.
What is this about 53 Black Wealth?
We, at , will plant more plants!
no matter how bad my depression is, im hoping can cheer me up.
:
If you're in love with two people, pick the second.
Because, if you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
Ima quit with  for the night...yall better behave in class tomorrow too lmao
Heat again?
Check.
Best early birthday present ever!
Thanks !
My dietary habits over the past 2 days have not been swell.
5 days until until WordPress ignition.
Lots to do in the meantime!
the support is appreciated!!!
Just got the Nov/Dec issue of in the office.
It looks so good.
we will have to soon hit me up sometime
RT Jeffrey Toobin on CNN re health care: 'Based on what we've seen today, I think this law is in grave, grave trouble.'
First BIG game in Memorial Stadium, Ohio vs Nebraska ...GO BIG RED!
95 minutes until BLTs for dinner, Second City at Center Stage and game 3 of the NLCS!
The Search Agency Expands to San Francisco; Opens New Office between Financial and Soma Districts
ICriedWhen my dad stop talking to be for 3 days because if then mess i got my self into..
Just received a box of Rogue beers from What great friends I have!
those lights remind me of the ones at The Good News Cafe in Woodbury, CT  they have parallel circuits like that too
Joe Hart, the manchester city goalkeeper misses scoring a header in the final second by a whisker.
What a game !
Sporting Lisbon go through.
naw i am not going
Soo guhh my breath smell like a pamper
I'm just giving up on you ...
lmao.
how r u friend?
We are hiring 2 instructional designers.
Must have MA.
DM me for details.
amazed at how technology has changed the world
What's the matter?
I hate when I b pissed someone ain't text me back when in reality my phone ain't send the shit.
Thursday night jam is onhold for a bit.
CD release parties soon.
Sign up for email updates at blueolives.com.
I second that motion.
Reminder to all: the statutory public hearing on the Superintendent's proposed budget is Thursday at 6:30 pm at MPS Central Services.
I miss you too!
one week from today!
Hang in there!
Marble Size hail in The Highlands.
thethingsbradlysays I need 2 hurry up n eat this checkers burger and this five guys so i can have a couple slices of pizza
HA!
I can see that!
Don't forget, Romney got TWO graduate degrees there in FOUR years with two small kids!!!
I'll cut it for you.
Still laughing at 'White Boy Rips it at the Apollo' on youtube top comment: 'We need Black Boy Rips it at the K Club'
If Bach were still alive my gigue from cello suite three would blow his powdered wig off
Meeting with school  mom tomorrow !
Conference game tonight.
Good Luck Lady Bears:
Who's out in the parks today??
Whatcha doing?
Where ya going?
indianapolis museum, they used a nonhead tracker with seated user before a painting in museum and had poor accuracy
person on facebook: default?
me: no, you look fat.
Rented a house in Kennesaw.
The previous renter had passed out on the lawn and the neighbors loved to tell me the story.
you gonna e there tomorrow night?
Home Page uniques are good but you want your site traffic growing through other sources to grow new users
Done locked my niggah up!!
Free Joe!
Join the Genuine Girlfriends of New York City at the She's the FIRST brunch this saturday!
May the 4th be with you.
Greatest name ever.
's new song Paradise belongs  the end of a movie set at Christmastime in NYC when the main char.
finally kiss in the snow.
Crazy talkAfter Thanksgiving isn't too early
If I was Anthony Kedis, I'd be dead already.
You're welcome.
I didn't I'm always here to make ur life a living hell.
U can always count on me!
Watching the Gay Fish episode from South Park never gets old
good point.
Wife said same thing.
Very wise, you are.
Could've been merecently diagnosed epileptic, tough to work.
Going back to school full time instead
Light it up for a niggga
Don't forget  the big sale is HERE!
Stop by TKG today for the greatest deals on earth!
i look up too yalll!
keep it up and TGOD!
at least i wipe my but after i poop unlike your dog..
ew.
you back for the show?
That package that says Easy to open but you end up using a scissors, a knife, a gun  a light saber to open it..
try by swallowing your saliva.
almost like a big gulp.
that should help
totally agree.
I'm ALL for education, but...easier said than done.
that's much better!
Love you too!
And oh thanks, I think its called a tassel...
At least that's what Lucas said its called.
We won best charity with attitude for the Best of ABQ!
Come out to Burts Sat.
night and celebrate with us!
: Kitten shopping is the best!
rescue  Wait.....is there something I should know?
haha
and so glad you do!
great to catch part of your talk yesterday here in full springbreak mode!
love Sinatra though, used it a few times now, sweet spot of only worrying about the details I want to, no more no less
Greatly anticipatng Leadership Modesto tomorrow: Land Use  Planning.
As well it should.
We are fierce!
If redistricting is legislative domain then the focus must turn to legislative races.
Are you happy with ur Delegate District?
pissin me off
well, the features I'm most interested in all exist in the Fire.
For me, they are comparable.
Daniel Cohen of Case Western Reserve U, Ph.D.
History from Brandeis, speaking now.
Thanks for adding us to your Top Tweeps list.
I'm with ya on this.
I'm glad that Neal Adams is active, but I won't endorse this.
I promise you, the president has a big stick  Joe Biden
Philip Rivers cried at Kris Dielman retirement press conference ...
all good quarterbacks love linemen
Keep Bynum away from the reporters.
trying to figure out how to make the borders of the Belleville Breviary into an awesome tattoo
thanks ya very much
: When you're feeling at your lowest, raise your hands to God the highest.
It's funny how you think your a musician but you can even keep a tempo?
Just found your parish, may we send you some beautiful bookmarks to give to parishioners?
That was a pretty ballsy midseason finale, .
I approve.
'It's very important for the youth to be aware of where they camehow they arrived here today.
'doctor Jean Bailey, Chair of the
Today I've heard: Can I have one skim cappuccino?
Answer I got: we only have non fat and regular!
How can you not love Holland?
Happy holidays and a very Merry Christmas to everyone.
internet :D
Real Madoctord defeats Barcelona in the Copa Del Rey on a beautiful header by Ronaldo.
im like ur biggest fan..PLZZZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME...I LUV U SO MUCH
True!
Their selection of angles on the issue of OpenAccess was predictable, and the shallow framing leaves more Q than A.
oh wow sweden.
well look at you all factually active lol, but that is interesting!!
750,000 childoctorn on this planet are sex slaves.
Follow please
What is wrong with the Chargers?On paper very talented, but just doesnt translate on the field time for new coach?
Why is it that people are able to get their 5th OWI?
They should not be on the roads!
'' You don't seem like the person to litter, I know I just started recently!
''
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 Critical need to turn page on traditional perceptions.
Need to stop doing what is making us afraid.
Take action

Never lose hope in anyway.
Skip Bayless is already at LaGuardia to pick up Tebow.
He can wait...
Been day doctornk for a long time, eating two burgers in a bathtub, one with ketchup, one with mustard
that's reward enough.
Huntington beach is legit.
I'm a while away from there though.
Where you work?
Hey New Mexican, nice to tweetmeet you!
Thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love, voce e muito bella
great: RT : FDA says very low levels of radiation have turned up in milk sample from WA state but consumers shouldnt worry AP
Big day for awards.
TonyAward nominations and winners are announced.
Which will get more online news coverage?
RT : If Kentucky wins, the NCAA has already scheduled to go ahead and vacate this game in 2016.
For therapeutic massage in Las Vegas follow
Good morning!!
Ben Marcus is leading a creative writing workshop/talk for senior citizens tomorrow
MICHAEL JACKSON HANDPRINTS ARE IN NOW AT GRAUMANS CHINESE THEATERS ..
GO SEE THEM
smh.
These tweets!
Happy Birthday!
:
What?
You're not supposed to bring presents!
I thought people's midlife crisis came in at 4050, mine's about 20 years too early!
Haha.
RT I didn't see Hunger Games over the weekend, but I did go to Chipotle with a crossbow.
Free burrito bowl!
Gonna be at spill Tonight think I'm gonna get my PartyRock out I play at 10
yeh I'm so fucking bored
depending on how many in your party and availability where do you prefer to go.
Wait Frank was wearing that WWF hoodie in 2008
when was the last time he did one,like last month right????
Astute observation!
Next round starts at 1EST, then closing plenary on paradigm shifts in science/academia,  DataONE
Blowing up voxer!!!
He's meeting my parents...
Oh gosh I think I'm more nervous than he is.
How is it that millions of years of human evolution have failed to weed out the village idiot?
Happy Birthday to composer Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach!
seriously!
In all the time I've had twitter and spazzed I have never been jailed but now its twice!
Movie was str8
There is a bird singing outside my window.
He may only know 3 notes, but he's not ashamed to share his music, repeatedly!
Damn he fucking slow
Welcome to CreativeGood.
Any questions, give us a shout.
Best, Jeff cc
does anybody every feel like they took bong hit when they didn't take a bong hit?.....
Glad ya like it!
RT : checked your music out, definitely gained a fan.
This is tweet 1525!!
RT : On our way to my sons surgery appointment.
Send him your good thoughts and prayers.
on there way bro!
im in that fan club!
Ive never seen you there lol
high five
thanks love!!
Can't wait for you to come
right, anecdotes versus survey data not equal

Umm .
.
.
how else would Apple suggest that this will be the year of the iPad2?
Seems pretty clear 2 me.
I already miss
I'm thankful for extra whitening toothpaste that also offers tarter protection AND fights cavities.
that guy is a freakin joke.
He shouldn't be able to give an opinion since he is biased.
What a douche
Such a cute picture!
Glad you had a fab time!
3
We would really like the heat to work consistently in the office.
Bre is bundled like an Eskimo.
Be patient, have faith and work towards what you desire.
I liked Cain 6mos ago, first time I heard him speek, and that goes down hill each time he speeks after that
Great interactive and productive workshop today.
How to AhhLuminate Your Marketing Message was a hit!
gotta love those red eye flights for some last minute sight seeing!
Thanks to our amazing sponsor tonight and guest host
Danica will be promoting Coke Zero for CocaCola.
Promos will start this month.
I took my dad's 70yearold Longine watch in for repair and now they follow me everywhere on the web.
Poe, not Poo, Corner.
i wonder who missed me
or Blake Collins is not ready for college.
I really feel in love with the song SAYSOMETHIN ..
Thanks for an awesome song!!!!!!
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't follow.
I'd be at the bottom to catch them when they fall.
Carmen: It says longlasting but I don't trust wrappers!
sunday brunch in the makings at Hoegger Dairy home kitchen...yum
When people younger than me make smart ass comments, I want to punch them so hard.
Ok I'm baffled by this one.
Someone just told me I look like 50 cent???....
retweet follow for
Dang!
Most cliche crime Americans fear did happen: cruise passengers on tour bus held up at gunpoint in Mexico.
Hard country to sell.
Or are you to lazy to even figure out what the job is first?
Can you point me to any success stories or positive impacts of the DC bag fee?
Good Luck to Everyone Running the South Shore Half Marathon!
Special love to my Wild Peeps out there.
tweetdeck makes it easy
We may have just found another new species of ant on Broadway in Manhattan....
Confirming ID.
Um, yeah, looks nothing like you...
hehehe
Going to the gym to get ready for the Stein Hoisting competition...
Have to think the NRA planned their annual meeting in St.
Louis this year to see Pietrangelo in playoff action.
Lol.
Not funny.
Have a good day.
Im thinkin about you as well.
I love you too.
:
lol not mad..
You know it's going to be expensive when the parking meter takes credit cards!
I know it all pretty much lol
You need to be aware of what others are doing, applaud their efforts, acknowledge their successes, and encourage them in their pur
we don't do that in America...
try Canada.
all I know is I have to be there at 920 lol
tomorrow night!
RT : film disrupted we can't mess with nature by having nature mess with itself
We want 2 thank all of our supporters  everyone whom has bought in to our vision for a unified, progressive  prosperous Memphis!
maybe thats bc cable/satellite service is becoming more expensive than internet service?
Miss you too bro!
Hope you're doing well!
I hate reading Romeo and Juliet , it makes me jealous of Juliet..
thanks for all these good suggestions.
girl, you are making waves wherever you go!
thank u for spreading the libraryEVEYWHERE love!!
AP is not worth AP's money.
No RB is.
RT : Whitney had a impact on everyone 3
I know!
:D hehe
I'd give my life to the American people, but I would never die for a country that kept Black  Brown people enslaved for 500 years.
where you move to?
looking forward to running into you!
One week away from the biggest specials we've ever offered!!
We wanna see everyone May 19th!!
When is spring coming back.
No more rain in Chicago.
Yeah.
Now he's going to be good and pissed.
I'm really going to miss you guys.
Tesla to release Model S early US electric car manufacturer Telsa Motors is set to release its new 'Model S' a month earlier than
HA Ha STreeT beaUty EntErtainment is the best female entertainment in Houston Texas
mother nature is on her

I think I really like who I'm becoming, there's times I might do it, just to do it , like its nothing .
Hangover every saturday morning?
Lol No worries!
We have the cure ; 20 Bottomless doctorfts Saturday Night PLUS 3 Shots!
Clic
Been trying to book travel w all day  still getting errors.
Giving up and looking for a diff carrier.
What is with this day?
Save mine since I just called you!
LOVE our Troops!
The dog is the only animal that has seen his god.
Author Unknown
FML it's getting hot  I'm wearing UGG's
i want to be noticed by again : i think she forgot about me
Every girl has 3 guys in her life: the one that she loves, she hates, and she can't live without.
In the end, they're all the SAME guy!
HanCOCK:a rearticulation of the uncivilized Black Buck
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
John Muir, born on this day in 1838
That awkward moment when you see the same exact tweet from yesterday on your timeline again today from another page.
Creative Commons reminds me of Dietary Laws.
You can eat the chicken, but not something else and you still have to buy the chicken.
Tribute To You is my favorite song for this year!
You only get oneshot for fame makeitcount we did.
treasure everything good, trash everything bad  fckem!
HELL YEA!
the saints better get there asses in gear now.
Punch the clock now back hm in his arms til 10
Did you cry when Madea went to jail?
I did.
A splash of Hawaiian Punch takes your mimosa to a whole new level.
You're welcome.
If playing sans morals is the only way 2 level the playing field, do u really wanna b in the game?
I find it odd that the machines at Seton Hospital charge 1.50 for a soda and 2.00 for water.
Promoting healthy what?
Just be glad it wasn't Zsa Zsa.
Tent City  RIT!
Getting ready for the
For more info., u can go to our site www.3sgiants.com.
Thanks everyone!
: Our group, Elby Brass, CD www.elbybrass.com/music!
:
Hi comisterdes .
.
.
.
I really miss all you guys, sorry I was recently very busy in preparation for exams in June next.
Cant wait to meet at the show May 5th!
Tonite was great, but I had to minister thru a broken heart when I found out about Whitney.
Prayin for her fam and her sister Cece winans.
being retweeted is very validating.
Embarrassed to report that I'm NAPPING before my 3mile walk with family!
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Sexually Frustrated
Re: Weird creepy folks...Lol!
This cracks me up!
Putting Portland on our back.
Let's help the underprivileged and give our youth a good foundation to grow and expand on.
Hung out last night at the Center Club...made some new friends..renovation looks awesome!!
have no idea wasted lol
This is a very cool thing that you doing!
General Aviation is so important to this country.
Tks!
This is FACT and I'm a big DC Comics guy...: : Marvel  DC  Agree!
Going to Romeos
Eating Rice Krispies and watching novelas con mi mami!
I can't message you back cause you aren't following me :
hahaha.
Maybe you should have hooked up sabertooth crack whore when you had the chance.
Shout out to new followers.
Got Thornton Wilder's The Matchmaker?
It made it to B'way as Hello, Dolly!
PARTY PARTY PARTY TONIGHT YOU BETTER BYOB THOUGH LOL ABC PARTY doctorSS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!
314 THE HEIGHTS!!
Keep your doctorams in sight at all times, dont let the 95 jack your sht.
Summary Box: 1 in 2 grads jobless or underemployed
Jamminnnn out to BOYFRIEND at work
I NEED U TO DANCE ON THE BUS IN MIAMI AT KING OF DIAMONDS HIT ME UP
Will do!
Cheers!
Watching The Wiz..
throwback to Diana  Michael..
Why wasn't Kelly a better option to play 3rd tonight than Inge, wait i'll answer that because Leyland is a jackhole.
OMG!
They look amazing!
Please tell David to relax and breathe.
Have a rockin' Friday!
I am going to enjoy my Friday
good nite bay give my kids a kiss for me
Da fuck?
why is it when I ask for the right thing,they give me the wrong thing..
the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose?
so I'm guessing the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow  Tim w a bad ankle  mem was a true 8?
Holy shit that criminal minds was too intense for my liking
just rain overnight in atlanta, snow in chattavegas?
Ooh the back handed birthday greeting.
Well played Demy.
It is what it is...that's life charge it to the game
Bloomberg vs Google wrt big data: Bloomberg returns crafted answers not just crawled pages
...Or, use photos avail online: search for 'public domain' pictures which you can use free.
Gem from AMA: this is your sisterinlaw ; when are you coming to visit us?
and what is the most irritating thing annie does?
So many people in Bradley County don't have homes any more.
They need all of our prayers and help.
I'm glad this series is over now Bynum can focus on getting rid of all that grey hair ...
Michael Oher ass nigga man ...
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
Glittered cleavage at beer booth makes us happy.
Oh, Nick Montana.
You can only get better from here.
We feel your pain too.
just caught her crotch on fire and I enjoyed.
2 bowls down
About to go run errands and junk..
Three more papers to write before 1:15 tomorrow.
RT YEAH!!!
RT : Sarah Palin needs to just smoke a big joint and shut up!
Oh, is THAT what you did on that black and white?
I was like, Damn, how do they look so good when I didn't do anything??
Late nite kfc then work in a.m.
love your show
Yemen President reiterates to stay in power until 2013
Reading Annie Proulx.
Makes me want to go back to Montana!
Which of our Choices includes warming and cooling products that provide pain relief?
Thanks for stopping by.
The HM is a staff favorite!
CBRE earns renewal of 3 millionsq.ft.
outsourcing contract with Lexmark
yeah we have two seasons here.
Winter and road construction.
Lol
Hope the fair was a success this weekend!
We'd love to volunteer/sponsor next year's.
Let us know how we can help.
i REALLY miss somebody right now.
These next 3 months are gonna be tough
Coz I remember every sunset, I remember every word you said, we were never gonna say goodbye..
thanks for the ff.
wishing you a happy Easter.
he was a kind harmless and guileless alcoholic.
I Want You Back Not for who you are now!: For the person I love unconditionally: Money can't buy me love REAL LOVE, Love Hard:
Actually it's Sun.
night.
Sorry if I sent the wrong info.
Man who say it cannot be done should not interrupt man doing it.
A good catch.
It would be the highest BABIP of Pierre's career, but hey...that's what he's hitting right now.
The act of taking the first step is what separates the winners from the losers Brian Tracy
Subway has breakfast...
but dont buy it
'LAWL' will probably start trending..
LAWL.
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 34 ft waist to chest high occ.
5 ft.
FAIR CONDITIONS
That's what we like to hear!
Visit us soon!
TAN presentation went well
if you re 9 months premature then you re just a stain
What a great idea  Jerry deserves it!
This morning I'm at Let's Go!
Moving Detroit Beyond Business as Usual at the Max M Fisher Music Ctr in Midtown Detroit.
Ready to act like a nasty bitch tonight and doctornk south with
been away from the web for most of the week..sorry to hear about Amy Winehouse..so talented, so young, so sad :'
hehe mi clothes in that corner will always be there!
Filmed my friend Dan Bilzerian win 400k in a doctorg race today.
Sick money bro!
Nice seeing an old school muscle car beat a 2011 Ferrari.
worldnews professorCathy Warwick, chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives, outlines her fears about the commercialisation of childbi
Ching chow chi chong  you have gross feet.
we will be where ever Lauderdale cove is!
Lol
you should be
Marketa Irglova  Iranian percussionist Ida music sounds HUGE at this little NPR recording studio.
Cool!
duckdynasty makes happy happy.
i'm so sleepy right now
Many men suffer from delayed ejaculation and their female partners are very frustrated by it.
Quite a number of women think ...
get over him hes not worth it dnt give up keep hope u never know this is all i here i dnt even know wat to do anymore :/
got some good news cooking.
AMEN!
She's a poser.
You know that i like you.....but....you like me?
hosting launch event, Featured articles on , , , , GREAT STUFF
sorry guys i havnt been on i got grounded : selena
Garcia: Power of camera.
When faced w/ line of police w/ guns  badges, your only protection is a camera.
So vulnerable.
Scored a sewing machine, that should make this outfit go quicker!!!!
Happy Hour now, 10 tap beer special later.
Does it get any better than this on a Thursday?!
It was ugly and boring.
As I just said elsewhere, the worst movie of any that year that I had positive expectations of
thanks girl!!
This sucks hahah
So much spam on Twitter.
Argh!
i was a bit worried about how we would go forward with all this..we are not ur fathers p.a.c...i have social media at hand
Please the art in your links.
We can't all attend the Art Stops.
Though we thank you for them.
you missing TX yet?
At the annual meeting!
I agree.
1 hot dogs are so good.
Lol
on my way to Best of Times Ballroom to teach privates then Beg.
8pm Inter/adv.9p.m.
6225 SW 8 Street.
Looking for good audition songs for a bass/baritone.
Whatta ya got people?
Guess we know how that sports announcer feels about Thad Matta...you're hott!
FAQ are you mad?
THATS JUST HOW MY FACE IS GUYS.
Um...
everyone anywhere gets their rights via the indulgence of the majority.
Except in places like North Korea.
I'm token some sensi star
Google Earth Adds Balloon, Kite Imagery
: Did legs today just for you Alex  good boy now make sure to eat your beans
tough decision, but
I'll Be Back In The Studio Nex Week To Record My New Club Bangger Called GetIt GetIt Yall Get Ready!!!!!!!
good ole state fair where the cream puffs are the only thing not deep fried and served on a stick!
Hey , you're amazeballs.
Thanks so very much!
Hey Albuquerque!
Follow , a local country singer.
Let's support our own!
Yeah, you gonna be in town?
That Colbert made us look pretty good.
right now.
You ready for today bro!?
great.
now every time I see shawarma I'm going to think about that
yeah buddy!!!
You'll realise the value of something when it starts leaving you.
Raised out of anger but it wasnt my fault
Congrats!
RT: We're finally moving into our classrooms!
We just emptied 100 boxes out of a UHaul truck.
I totally agree
Tim Elliot is fun to watch.
So unpredictable  a real warrior fighting through the eye poke.
Another amazing performance by the flyweights.
Watching one of my favorite movies, The Day After Tomorrow.
I heard scott was coming back with laura?
thanks for following!
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:
I Love Akron!
Am I right?
Suggs, on ESPN, on playing Bengals Week 1: It sucks to do it against a division opponent because they know you so well.
dang...
I missed my calling as a cookie scribe!
Just realized after this semester is over, I'm starting my victory laps...
yes laps, I will be happily taking two!!
I think this possibly cosigning a movement/ artist the dead artist wouldn't B down 4 if he/she were alive....
correction vastly
Better late than never, at Imagined Overload: Material Cultures of Excess and Minimalism
Just landed down in LAX.
I know EXACTLY what Miley Cyrus felt like.
Macho Man Randy Savage Garden
Thanks for getting the word out, look forward to seeing you there.
Show up by 9am for the best selection.
Don't even fret, there are tons of events to check out this weekend in town!
I'll see you if you don't see me first ;
Taste changes.
Good theater is always good theater.
Who wants to go halfers on some Reese's Cup's?
Watching E!
Entertainment Specials .
.
.
It is definitely hot and doctor here...I like heat though : I'd way rather be hot than cold.
Have fun w/ the belly dancing :
thank you!
:D
will you follow me?
You are one of my inspirations you have helped me get through so much ..
We have a new server ready  vpnsf27 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
HEY MY TWITTER FAM !!!!
ITS BEEN A WHILE SINCE I BEEN ON HERE I AM ABOUT TO EASE MY FACEBOOK AND SOCIALIZE WITH YOU GUYS ....
Come in for Island Night!!!
4.50 Margaritas and 3 Coronas..
Also Ask about our new soup of the day!!
ala11 RE: Google points out that according to Google TOS users must be age 18 and older  18 which is same TOS for Gmail
My Mom Is Such A Bitch .
In need of a contingency plan.
Seeking a sublet/temp room share starting immediately.
Contact me if you know of one!!
Thank you, my friend.
The Fourth Estate prepared us well.
MT : Hats off, Zell!
Welldeserved!
made a very smart move.
ima turn up fa yal while I'm down here lol
Is that your cat, or Schrdinger's?
when i become a real heartless female, i dnt wanna hear shit from no one.
Please keep the family of Valerie Hamilton in your thoughts!
Her family lived in my neighborhood.
Tuition and fees at 4year schools up 300 from 19902011.
Even health care costs rose at half the rate of the cost of
take your biscuit and shove it in your third nostril.
Seeking for LPN for Pasco County send resume to
i do have 3 godchildoctorn :
girl, i miss you too!
we forreal need to do something this weekend..
you up for it?!
Watching Dallas vs lakers lets go Dallas
It's amazing how 800mg of Ibuprofessorn makes me feel like I DIDN'T separate my AC joint this weekend.
Damn false confidence...
I'm truly thankful for another day!!
Is in the ATL
No amount of toilet paper stuck on the bottom of my shoe could make me feel as embarrassed as North Korea must feel right now.
Election night is about to begin.
Bring it on!
Luis Scola is soo underrated.
He can ball.
go Cards!
Studio Network Solutions Announces Evo v4 Shared Storage System at NAB 2012
IfIHadThePower to turn anything into food I think i'd faint from how happy i'd be..and i'd make food for the poor and homeless in the world
Say yes to the doctorss is on.
Welp, looks like I won't be sleeping for a while
Wake up twits
hello i have your facebook florencia abigail you add me on facebook
Don't feel obligated to post; I'm doing this for an MLIS assignment.
I should be following librarians.
:
Great day, UU Berkeley Fellowship!
Balazs Scholar and Transylvania, and great decision making about our future!
why are we so adorable.
It's hard to argue convincingly that the thing you thought yesterday shouldn't even be legal today you realize is a constitutional right.
Kentucky doesn't have a lot of guys who need to be stroked!!
Jimmy Dykes
in the future, we will have indestructible iPhones.
: Apple Looking at Samsung Flexible OLED Displays for iPhone 'Yoga'?...
Let My doctorads grow out My bitch Got A Blow Out
lil harsh don't you think?
D.C.: The more things change, the more they stay the same.
When you're trying to be quiet and fail miserably cause you accidentally keep slamming/doctorpping things...
Food.
Important.
made pancakes this AM.
They were delicious.
Nap time.
Omg he called me out of nowhere talm bout imy n stuff like that!!!WOW i think were goin to get back together real soon imy2  61211
Looks like Chikwe answered your wish Any commits after yesterdays spring game?
Was hoping for 1 or 2 of the DE's from WI.
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.353
Whew.
Only the best froyo in town apparently.
yeah that shit was insane!
: FYI, ladies  I'm out of a ramshackle ingredient, so today will be an experiment in cleverness  courage
Qwrap Andoctora May  VP Inst.
Design Service in Minneapolis clouduc8 Glad to join today.
LOL Whats stores do you wanna go to for doctorsses?
So, here I am...
working...
tweeting...
bored...
what to do ugh
EP earnings calls indicated a pullback in spending ahead which is good
If you're mistaking my bluntness for meanness, sorry but it's realness
Man I wish i could get a puppy.
Doggies are always right there for you.
When you're sad, happy, whatever.
You are their world!
We should never discourage young people from doctoraming doctorams
wssmiami It's the MESSAGE!
Alison Thompson
it's rude to not reply.
Plus this conversation has brought mild amusement to me, so I will allow it to continue
Oh nice have you shopped at our store before?
Lost my phone now I'm back online, gotta admit it was nice not being plugged into the matrix
Last day of shooting tomorrow.
Yay!!
Dumb people annoy me.
There are a lot of dumb people in the world.
it's amazing how fast things change.
I'm back after an afternoon at the salon.
I think I've lost two pounds
Common and Creative uses for Hollandaise Sauce
Thought there were a huge amount of Harvard fans, but no, the empty seats are red.
Jason Sklar uploaded The Sembello Pull
sustainability of their passion is most important
yeah it was : loved it .
Currently painting some shorts
Good news the so sexual video is done and will be released soon!
12 Months!?
That's more then a vacation  where you headed?
Nice to doctorve by and see work in full swing on the new studios/cafe in
Crime does pay.
The law protects the crap  the criminals in this world.
Sure thing!
Depending on the week, we could be often in need of legal representation.
Just go off the phone with our manager.
Our summer tour is coming together quite well!
We should be announcing dates any day now.
lmao why what I do?!
we beat duke a few nights ago.
Silence doesn't mean I quit, it means you're just not worth it anymore.
Thank GOD, Yes, Life is good.
I'm Rocking as always, Performing, DJing, Top 40 Int'l Music with all my greatest Talents  Performers Int'l
we were happy to send to your class :
Were they out of Bengals/Browns jerseys lol?
Appreciate the Indianapolis shout out either way.
Oh.
Gotcha.
Hey are you and Kayla okay?
Ever wonder where you'd end up if you took your dog for a walk and never once pulled back on the leash?
Robert Brault
you're a Biotch
whats the project about?
just one game of many this year, no big deal
I had a bit of a problem with the video of Versus Leviathan's interview.
It isnt a good quality.
Ive tried my best to enhance it...
but
that just got a retweet from me buddy what is up!
6th man of the year?
oh do tell
sounds good.
Heading home today.
Let's chat tomorrow.
Going to announce that you have signed with a team?
Thank you lady
HIRING CONTROLLER CLEARWATER  RESUME to
Schamazing!
Literally laughed out loud.
Where will the music go next?!
yea you are right, but it still was too soon for Tello to play, Pedoctor and Alexis would have made a difference
Just realized that no Internet  no Apple TV.
No indulging in ridiculous Discovery shows on Netflix tonight.
Fucking horny as hell bro
Love your mates pet, and you love your mate.
I saw you  said damn she a dime.
I never seen a girl who look so fine.
But now your all mine.
Gazing into those beautiful eyes that shine
Dang I wish I could see E and this Sprinkle kid as bookends for the Silver Bullets.
That's a scary combo!
DEAD DEAD RT : You gotta watch fat people, theyll eat the filter after they smoke the cigarette
Does anyone use an application on their andoctorid to track poker?
I think Diet Coke is disgusting, and I don't like most wines.
sorrynotsorry Love a good cocktail or mixed doctornk though.
cheers 
watch MASH 3
This plays on here are the ishhhh.
So which chestthumping freedomlovers on FOX will have the balls to stand up for gay freedom?
That plan always sounds better on paper.
Also works better when you are showing a movie in class.
Time can't go by fast enough.
Man Makarov was getting' on my nerves.
Bout time I did something about him.
There's a first time for everything
No thank you babe, I got Two DJs I work with, thank u tho!
:
Coffee's up!
We have some of the books required for summer reading
anyone see last nights game
Pluck out your eyebrows.
doctorw them back on.
There is def demand for media studies podcasts.
Heard that expressed at SCMS.
Brazos Private Equity Partners has acquired Winebow, Inc., one of the largest importers and distributors of fine wines in the US.
Inspirational FF to
Wow.
I ate 10 worth of nuts in 3 days.
I have a problem.
on journals: inefficient distribution, stodgy in content, time consuming to manage
I am all about the Kony2012 deal!
Its getting serious.
invisiblechildoctorn IloveAfrica LRA gotta go!
When I search for something on Wikipedia I get a white screen with only 24 on it.
And the number 24 is on the top left corner of all pages
going cut the grass today hope it goes quickly
i cant say i have a clue hwat you were talking aboot but we shall compare this hweekend.
Prouda you.
Listening to Ellie Goulding  Lights reminds me of some crazy ass nights at Solas Raleigh with
MS Word suggests I replace helluva with beluga.
I would, but then my story would go in an entirely different direction.
Can Reggie Miller please get name right!
Sorry doctor.
You're too good of a player for a broadcaster to mess that up.
Make your mornings tough, then the rest of your day seems easier
okay baby.
:
Wondering when is going to test his talents on the ice with a little
it couldn't go on forever
A male that dont love his mother.
Wont love the bitch either...
sounds like a plan!
on the plus side, who doesn't like extra sleep?
I was sleep doctoraming about it, woke up doin it
doctorft online terms of use for 9th grade education level says Ian Ballon
Really hard to pick since I love them all, but if I had to choose.
Marry the night for 1st and HML for 2nd.
A fundoctoriser for a Christian denominations came to Las Vegas for Keen.
He reported back, I've never seen such selfish churches in my life!
Looking for the next place to throw an event
Did either one of you get the DM I sent you last night about spam coming from your accounts?
MLS for Owen?
Stupid ah females lol
At ALISE.
Great paper by Marcia Bates re framework for information professorssions  multiple
Forget food trucks, downtown Memphis needs a coffee truck
yo dude what's up I wanted to ask for some advice.
Hit me up
amazing performance tonight!
Haircut attempt take 2
You are a great publicist!
TYou
Saw some behind the scenes photos of photoshoot from Sunday very excited to see the pictures!
im 17 : lol a little on the old side.
your bladder is full of science.
Just joined angieslist.com
the sun is shining bright in the blue skies  oh and the thunder is booming/rain pouring.
bro really im fine and i love you
the ability to walk without stopping for breaks every 10 steps
Happy Opening Day!
Go get 'em, Tigers!
the guitarist for this band ate going to start calling fans nuggets .......
So how's nugget life y'all
Worth noting that no named source has ever said team is for sale.
You can lease it for only 15
Do you think we'll FINALLY find out what did?
I would not be surprised to see Rand Paul as VP choice of
I bet it was awesome being w/ Lilo !
IfWeAreInARelationship , cheating should never be an option, and should never cross your mind.
Just added another acoustic show at Joliet West WESTOCK!
We'll have Craig Owens tickets on sale there too!
Get there early bc we play 1st
I'm in NJ...
never registered for that race though :
Congrats on another great SecretSupper event!
Pretty boy swag is like the definition of my friend cody lol xD
had a lovely time tonight
Heating up the tub for tonight's filming of week 2 of Hot Tub Sleeper Picks!
Stay tuned for the episode tomorrow!
Wow.
Just frackin' wow.
cause you said you sent me a tweet....
SO excited that Gary Harris committed to SPARTY!
Just poured coffee down the front of my shirt.
I have a feeling today is going to be a winner!
Heading to see tonight at the Riverside?
Stop into Beta for a cocktail before or after the show.
Cheers to the weekend!
HEY HEY HAY BELIEBERS
I guess the Oreo turns 100 today.
If you haven't already, go and get yourself some of the cake batter Oreos.
Seriously, those things rock
Not a single snake is found in Ireland.
On the other hand, the only reptile found is the lizard.
Idk why i do this to myself lol.
tell them to come on by!!
Are you in AC for the games?
Where Is The Six Flags ?
RT : Hawaii has the best water patrol in the world, these guys know their shit
Cleaning up my follow list feels really good.
Spring cleaning, of sorts.
Snow in October proves that Globalwarming is a myth...
I did not tweet this.
did.
I would never say bfast tacos here I come.
CM Punk vs Chris Jericho!!!
WWE Title on the line!!!!
WrestleMania Let's Go CM Punk!
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's....esp my mamma!
:
On  going back in time 400 years to see what's new in San Elizario Tx
I'm around Tallahassee now actually haha
I'm so blessed experiencing what I have.
Just listened to a little girl about four years old sing two full verses of Mary Had a Little Lamb.
It was adorable.
Thankfully, combinatorially is, in fact, a word.
on it.
My whole month of May is going to be 'about that life'
Bike cops all over the ina thornydale area!
RIP Mary Kennedy.
Another sad story of mental illness and our country's refusal to deal with actual issues.
Do it!
RT : woman in nail salon just keeps staring at me.
Not even being casual.
I'm about to yell BOO!
in her face lol
Florida is not playing around, up 4319 at half
I will see if we can get to 1 this year as well, only have two tickets for most games tho
PYRO PRODUCTIONS: My Last Judgment, Ashes Of Angels, The Fall Of Catalina, The Seventh Cavalry  Casanova Sat April 17  The Spot, 6:30, 6
95 n wisc isntt same as 95 in ga or anywhere in south baby...its called humidity ; ..yall would burst n2 flame quickly..lol
But I had fun so it's straight
The festivities for the Lone Star Performance Explosion continue tonight at AvantGarden.
711pm.
More great performances!
The Book of Acts // RT : What do you guys think would go on a reading list for radicals?
Traveling to NYC to visit SourceMedia headquarters with
and yeah...hope the lakers win tonight!
The only way around is through.
no date, just lazy!
And that crazy monster fed the piggies breakfast!
They will take lettuce from anybody :
and I need to have a Rock Band day again.
Back at the UCB Theater studying
i just did!
I have 2 promo codes for 's new leanstartup app.
Looking for feedback...
any takers?
Like grow up smh.
:o
That fake shit is NOT my style...
Thanks for the RT!
yup and you dont want them to think that
ELI it's your time!!!
Ctfu nigga iz u stupid?
Nobody want they woman bein touched by everybody n the club, that shit iz a turn off
Critical Thinking and the Mayan Prophesy  Philadelphia Inquirer
: I agree.
I'd like to see a SG over a big man.
But I trust Cal...
lol
I mean we still bag our tippers..
lol what.
i love reading all of your inspirational quotes
Your just making yourself look bad.
DONT EVER SAY I DIDNT WARN YOU....
Had fun partying with and :
Holy crap!
Well done Matt.
Will be great to hear what he has to say on the matter.
Speak boldly about what you believe deeply.
i love reading lines invoking the sea
Chandler is too on D
got anything special planned?
DEPENDING ON OTHER PEOPLE CAN BE A BAD INVESTMENT!!!!!
I had to go to my high school today and it was lame
I hope she does not get her phone taken away
Team loyalists buy season tix.
Everyone else helps get you a nightly sellout.
Never underestimate casual fans' power.
Just sold a lot and finished our largest Remodel project.
Since the beginning of time I believe.
Remember that whole Eve and the fruit situation?
lol
EVERYONE OUT THERE ON TWITTER; IF YOU ARE A BELIEBER FOLLOW ME!
BIEBER MANIA HUR:
Hey Mario..
are you looking for a hunting cabin?
If so, I have a recommendation for you..
let me know..
Seriosuly spent all afternoon fangirling.
I need to go to rehab or something cause addiction is a bit unhealthy...haha.
Q.
Whats the difference between men and government bonds?
A.
Bonds mature.
can't get over this sad sad day:
it's like rotislav or something idk but everyone calls him rusty :D
so I take it you like the New Green Chile Rub?
Listen to i wanna go at Aaron Davis on my facebook fan page For feed back on how you like it thank you everybody :
This mall is dope af
lolz RT : it was like 7.
Way too expensive!
I'm all about you
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?15
Peeps over thinking Romney's campaign and decisions.
What he really needs to do is gothirdperson like Newt.
Peeps like that.
Good Morning having only 24 hours off last week, looking forward to this short week and a 3 day weekend.
Thinking road trip.
...yeah that was the only thing that sounded cool that I said all day lol
this is  i got twitter limit on the other account.
it's my 2ND account.
i'll tweet you the links like now:
Revolution throught the music!
13 tattoos next Friday?
Really, how can I say no to that?
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game.
It's called an eraser.
Arnold Palmer
At choir practice
This is the greatest.
I have to agree that was a great talk today on zones, etc.
Congrats!
If 5 years ago someone told me at age 18 I'd have my doctoram car and be shopping in Beverly Hills, I would've said yeah right...
welcome to my Apple family little iPad..join the homesharing.
you are my favorite device now..
don't tell iMac or iPhone : 3 3 3 it!
Interesting...
my macbook is setting my time zone to Pacific...
while I am in Eastern...
a message from the universe?
omg.
He does have one
Everything will be okay in the end, if it's not okay,it's not the end.
I heard they were working on it...good idea for a campaign, but they GOT to do their homework first next time!
It's mewzaaam.
Learn it.
Just truth : Man I hope the NBA gets this deal done.
I bet you are gettin bored : D Needs my Mavvies.
Stomach is hurting badly , need a Ibuprofessorn lbs :
Maybe my success was a god given gift and not something I worked for every single day of my life or maybe you're just making excuses
Being single can b rough
Newt: you MUST stop a madmen if on suspension of them being a danger.
Funny how we're the only nation that actually used them.
Back to reality.
Double OT at da Garden.
Solid.
Joining Immersive Ed Quest chain 3dgamelab.
If I never return, tell my family I love them.
Ladies and gentlemen......balls to the wall.
I kno just how u feel!
and you got em both...cuz cash rules.
haha yeah, except the class that I was in when I tweeted you we are allowed to have our phones out:
It has been my honor.
Lol love you
/ That's very impressive.
RT or follow if you see this:
Oh yeah : Powerful man RT : Can I just say that I am a man amongst a room full of power women?
tradhome DesignTV
I'm dying of frustration.
I wish I wasn't so easily riled up.
It's a horrible habit.
Western, NY Night Club Video Reviews with YungFr3sh and Ahom Productions
Dinner  tonic.
Um are you playing all my fave songs of the 90s?
I love you, even before this nommy veggie pizza!
follow me??:
lol Those doctornks went your head.
See Big Face?
Loving Bieber and the Federal Tax Code
Staying on topic is a typical liberal thing, which you couldn't do after 1 tweet, and is by no means an insult.
So, thanks.
April shimpeno  co.
Photography is awesome.
She is on Facebook too to check out her portfolio
Leaving you with the memory of all the highs and lows, that have come and gone.
Leaving me with just a scent of spring lilac after the rain.
Everyone is so excited for the iParty extended starting, but us folks in Hawaii still hafta wait 4 hours...
:
Is it poor form to ask former editor to rehire me now that I told her to SUCK IT?
It was a paid job, after all.
Two days until the official release of the venue  theme of the 87th DiplomaticBall!
Love the idea of connecting and sharing!
RT : trunk is FULL of stuff for tonight's play date!
See you at super soon!
Big Ang is rough looking Lol all this surgery won't help her.
God is great and follow those who love him and follows his advice.
Pretty much can't do anything so sick:
of course r u
I have a million pictures here!
Another one of my fav places to shoot
me too : it sucks!
Wait 1 more min...
Seconds now
Be singing in L.A.
in October!
Details to come!!
Hope to meet my L.A.
Twitter  L.A.
friends there!!!!
He's a boy that doesn't know what's in front of him, and I'm a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
Im jelly.
Awesome holiday party !
The Greenland Effect a little sun warmth  a bit if snow melt and WHOOSH the snow crashes from the roof.
Like the glaciers
Interesting indeed!
Though I think simply rebuilding ME in the footprint of infrastrctr circa 1920 would serve same need!
Fuck legalizing weed, it only helps those who have money.
If you can't afford a light or to pay 60 bucks an your ducked even w/ a script
its okay i don't want to either.
Please let it be me lol
ill shit on u if ur rusty or not

the best!
Try them.
You'll like them.
The chocolate peanut butter one!
OMG!
Yummy!
Tell Brendan Balance Lady sent you!
I'm blaming it on the fact that I'm colorblind.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela
I love mine!!
It's so nice!
I've had it since Verizon got it.
I'm gunna go deaf, I blast my head phones to the max.
HEY HOMIE.HIT ME OR DM WHEN U GET A SEC
We can create any type of the Zoho CRM Quote, Invoice, and Sales Order Template as customers need.
You can take me to see the Avengers if you really want something to do :
Guess who's back.
Strikes me that the iPad 3 retina screen just made visual designers even more important.
I wasn't try to be mean to you but mike said he would replace us if we didn't get our service times up.
So we are all on edge...
Y'all bogus !!!
I need a Fake ID.Seriously.
New mission.
The party is a myth
Rhodes Battles the Legend of Booker T
: I just finished watching a Muslimgangster film.
It was called 'Scarfface'.
okay I won't.
:
lol.
Yeah, Matt just canceled hacks and hackers
Tonight was magical!
Great audience and good times!
Thank you for supporting Jewrican Cocktail ;
StumbleUpon for the iPad?
Oh my!
Hello procrastinating slacker inside of me, I thought I recognized you!
when will you finally notice me!
OMG Let's go for our BDays.
I am 100 set on this idea!!
allstar sing off!
Living in Paris for 3 months wasn't nearly long enough.
Til the day I live there again at least for now I live there in my doctorams
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
Getting manure, fish emulsion, and multiplying onions today.
YAY gardening!!
Don't have room to garden?
Ask me.
I bet you do!!
Lol!!!!!
RT he wanna hit it from the back while i eat a big mac
Film producers: make a movie about the 369th Regiment, their jazz band, and the victory parade of February 17, 1919.
You'll make a killing.
CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION LIVE  RED KIVA  April 15th and 22nd Any genre welcome!smoothjazzentertainment.net
Hotel breakfasts are the trifecta of fat, sugar, and salmonella.
As it happens, I'm just leaving a meeting at 24/M right now...
Its Secret Stall Tuesday Sonic Baltimore free combo meal when u park in lucky stallHints 2 be givenSecret Stall is in stall 1,2,3,4or 5
Music to our ears!
RT : I'll be in NOLA this afternoon!
Campus visit tomorrow!
The anticipation is killing me :
I really appreciate everything bro thank you
So, should I do ff's or should I just get to work?
I'm sorry, It's just that my graphic designer came up with exactly what I needed for the site, so I told him to make more.
Some people wait too long despite the urging of the Holy Spirit and Chocolate cookies.
Lakers/Thunder: AZ Preview
being alone for too long is not good for me, i think way too much.
you got it, with garlic cann bread, Yummy
which leads me to wonder about the exclusionary potential of
Please follow my original account  ill follow u back.
I wish that was true.
Now I'm depressed.
just announced: Robin Pluer's nephew Zachary of will be joining her on stage for a song or two at Turner Hall tomorrow!
It was the local news after the game.
No ABC post game unfortunately.
Just retweeted the same thing twice and it won't let me delete one:
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the byproduct of other activities.
Aldous Huxley
well we're glad we could help you out :
Sorry guys but I've been thinking im going to delete this page Im not really into Austin Now.
when you coming to Chicago again?
you boys need to calm it down :P
Football might not be around in 20 years
Angie's dad was feeding me..
And prob the most 3 pointers he's ever had in a game.
: NOW Rondo is out...
34 minutes...
20 points, 16 assists and 3 rebounds.
All really good writing has to start with deep thinking.
Any young writer who reads that Sheinin feature on Harper should contemplate that.
Use coupon code 201NOW at chainstoreguide.com and save 201 off any purchase
he'a a bitch.
I'll fight him
Free breakfast at chickfila haha i love it 3
happy to chat about our WWI Centenary project :
Thanks for checking in Allison!
Are you having a good time with us?
Gunna destroy respiratory today!
come on need more ppl to like
I have too pee
Send me a Sins shirt to rock in front of 13000 kids at PXY Summer Jam, El Diablo.
ON TO THE NEXT ONE : RANGERS
looks like a perfect ass in a thong
Pictures of me...and other stuff from my friend's computer.
Fortunately no top secret documents I'm meant to hide and he is still alive.
thanks for following :
Trying to get 40 followers by next wednesday!
Please help and F O L L O W!!
MT Shout out to Bangor; my home town!
Go Will.
: Happy New Year!
Playing table tennis in Bangor on Tues.
At the gym
loving the new avi.
Workout and viewing of the Avengers is complete.
I appreciated the LOTR reference.
You already know, that was some Bruce Lee Shit!!!
that one's at my parents house!
Happy birthday me :
please DM acct or phonezip.
i'll check things out for you
It's so beautiful outside!!
I want to be in the sun so badly!!!!!
:
2 tickets to first who replies: Chocolate Farmer,Trocadero Theater, April 24 at 7PM.
Part of the Phila Science Fest.
Don't envy other's success!
You have no idea what past hardships or present struggles they've had to endure to get there.
Dear Twitter, Who can give me a reference to Haptic Interfaces from Popular SciFi Literature?
Need to dig in and get this script done.
ur the expert.
Won't tools to limit exposure will also reenforce opportunity gap for small investors and entrepreneurs?
Tradeoffs!
If you could lure to Baltimore I'd be grateful.
you media streamers and your booze!!
so precious and so dangerous!
;
Where did the money go?
I like Phil Alvarez's RBI per Hit ratio...but he only has 4 hits.
Boston Neighborhood Network's doc My Summer In The City Directed by Jonathan Rizzo was accepted to the BostonInternationalFilmFestival!!
I'm doctorwing a protective circle around your birds as I type this  and you too If you do run home.
Wine makes funerals tolerable.
Please serve tequila  scotch at mine.
to grab a club outfit
About to play scene it.
oh!
Haha but I don't ever see you at school !
Lol
gotta love when u get an epiphany!!
morning, mom!
Let's Network a Bit RT this for a week full of shoutouts:
WOO WOO WOO!
YOU KNOW IT!
No more mister Nice Guy
My attitude today is much like a Limp Bizkit song.
Shitty.
Either twitter search sucks right now or the sbads hashtag is useless.
100 tweets for makeitplatinum  1 is from
workn on wat the videos that get ppl so hot n heavy lol
blogchat Ouch  you are on a roll tonight!
Me, at an emergency potty break: Squeeze your cheeks together, you can make it!
JT, scrunching face tightly: Why am I squeezing my cheeks?!
I voted for you.
What to watch...the PGA Masters or Peppa Pig??
Of course that's a nobrainer!!
Would like to rewrite codes and make my Mac app to be compatible with the newiPad.
Good idea?
:
Congrats!
Will you offer any vegan options, perchance?
Some people are only funny when they try to be serious.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb from The Bed of Procrustes
i'm sick  what about you?
but dem king sized zig zags wit the orange package they in, those last almost as long as blunts, ima have to try dem king raws
Life insurance...
It's for the living!
3039221001
Would u agree that Semin needs to pick it up to his potential?
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass...
It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Vivian Greene
do you wear socks while you're sleeping?
askSarah :
Just watched a new good luck Charlie :
Yes,we serve plenty of vino at my cooking classes!
Time to go and swim in the ocean.
sounds like you struck a nerd chord with the DevOps talk; nice work!
Rox going to score in double digits and win for Keli tonight!
Go Rox!
H is going on a music tour february 10,2012 hope to see you  the shows thanks YoBoyH
golic just left for the pepto
at least Chelios no longer plays so we don't have to hear Chris Chelios is 46 from Doc every 4 seconds.
About to fill my august calendar up!
.
I saw the 'Net version of a High Five today, for the first time: 5 ...
Summer Reading......notfun :/
Days like today are what I live for in New Orleans.
Gorgeous weather, people everywhere, parades gating ready to roll!
It's a good day, NOLA
When's the next one?
laughed too hard at title alone, didn't even get to the article yet
wonders why the smell of Black chicks puts David Bowie's spine out of place.
And what does that say about his wife?
I like that name.
Soomo.
I want to keep saying it.
Soomo.
Soooooomo.
Headed out on a Sunday afternoon bike ride w/ my handsome husband.
First we have to find the bike lock keys.
Don't forget to attend the 198 Band performance tonight at St.
Pete's History Museum.
HeHeHe!
I'm going to have to borrow your us ordinary mortals, can come in handy for any occasion!
Sometimes it feels like my 7 year old thinks more clearly that 85 of adults that I encounter.
Eve, change your avi.
A duckface is NOT professorssional.
Hope all this rain stops before I get out of work in a few hours.
Normal traffic is bad enough.
Add rain and chaos happens.
Jacques was a good man
Time to call it a night.
It's a night.
; Hope yours is a good one!
feeling wrathful?
thanks for the shoutout!
I think ud like Portland, we have the best fans in the league hands down, ur from the PNW, Aldoctordge wants u, tha Rose needs you!
: Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online.
Don't get besides yourself and think that you're ballin' with followers now 
Yeah.
Trust me Hoai, I rather have an older dude.
and i thought he started the SOTU witt dunh duh
Happy Bday Little Brother!
I love you so much, I have so many good times w/ you, looking forward to more!
3
They're trying to get O.J.
out of jail?!
that's awesome!!!
I'm a second year now..ha..
I gotta update my professorle
Time for spin class!!!
No kidding.
How propaganda will spin it.
RT North Korea is now 03 in rocket tests.
Or, as they say in Pyongyang, flawless.
Read Atlas Shrugged three times.
Movie excellent, better than expected.
Bob Fellmeth, CAI Executive Director, begins press conference for release of State Secrecy  Child Deaths in the US report, 2nd ed.
I just got a curtesy laugh from my 1 yr old.
I'm on fire.
GGRRR!
ahem ...
I mean, have splendiferous day!
YES!!!
Christams vacation is almost here!
:
If you haven't already, go see Moon, The Hurt Locker, District 9 and Inglourious Basterds.
You'll thank me.
I can't believe you're a Rangers fan, talk about leaving at bad taste in your mouth...
Due to the demand for tweet fodder nowadays it's necessary to clarify, porn, the kind with lots of fucking in it
he spent more time describing how to prepare the crap than on why it's good for you.
That's when you know it sucks...
I never get your text.
Do u have my new ?
I love covering sports but man some ppl are just crazy
the pic just looks very staged w/the wrench and everything but you definitely don't have to hide in a hole.
Slowly but for surely I39;ll b there.....

make sure to stop in to Massage Envy for the best professorssional massage or facials.
Basketball all day all night
Oh trust me, I know.
jk Anyways good luck with the love life.
It's a pain in the dick.
PTSD and TBI are lumped together.
They are treated very differently, but there is some overlap.
Thanks for the FF!
Have a good weekend
A.B.N.
Always Be Networking: smile, eye contact, say hello, break the ice, small talk, at your kid's sports, air terminal, line at the bank
James have you read the Research of D.
Otto Warberg circa 1931 Cancer research.
I will never understand why tv spies/cops/agents don't just shoot the escaping criminal IN THE LEG.
Not dead, but can't run.
Hey Thanks for the follow!
Cooking up anything good today?
I'm looking around but I don't see you.
Can you give a wave?
Can everyone follow she's super sweet and she's TMoneys cousin, I promise its worth it :
In and out in and out in and out Haha
Because Perez Hilton IS a monkey!
would you have any interest in getting your cell phone service for free ?
emiliemanagement.mylightyear.com
Yes, Bron Bron missed two big FTs  but Wade was all over the place in that last minute.
Needed a breather.
IsHeOld?
Watching the movie on smart phone bb .......
Like the song ho gayi tun !!
best of luck to you!
try 500 bro
Happy New Year Boo!
:
Love this on this snowy morning: Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
H.
Jackson Brown.
Now out for a run!
Yeah you got cocky 
Absolutely exhausted.
A1: there used to be 510 kinds of widgets, now there are entire supermarket aisles dedicated to them
watching people eat fascinates me, especially in foreign countries....
is this working?
Mine was perhaps past prime and had more than its fair share of bitterness.
I found it interesting, though.
If genomes were sequencing genomes sooner, pharmacogenomics would be natural.

Legendary race doctorver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
with to go pick up Brandon Rhodes and Lizeth something .
lol.
oops I packed all my clothes and now I have nothing to wear.
So...
what's up Tweeters!?
Whats new...
anyone got any special plans for this upcoming July 4th weekend!!!??
So...
yeah.
Long time, no tweet.
I promise that I haven't fallen off of the face of the planet, but family comes first!
im not really on twitter every day
SLUT!
I bet you were BORN naked.
!
Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word?
You did?
TAKE YO ASS BACK TO SCHOOL!
why cant i just give life the middle finger and go live on the beach for the rest of my life.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Ben  Jerry's  Dessert
The only places I sweat are my feet and hands.
Because of this, my shoes smell like something died in them.
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will host 1:30 PM workshop on obtaining external grant funding for your research
Currently shredding it up at SXSW with a huge interactive wrapped bus.
Austin is cool for some rockin'
That's a GREAT question.
Eager to see the replies.
I don't get the keep calm and carry on statuses
yes please!
Haha, I know.
I just see Twitter as just a place to put Facebook statuses haha.
Who is having a great year already?
Who is struggling?
We want to pray for you.
The care and maintenance of your ring will be much less if you choose titanium
Excited to preach Shaken by The Spirit for tonight at
I'm figuring you fell asleep.
If you happen to wake up in the middle of the night text me.
Thx.
Hey ya'll.
we are temporarily closed because of a gas leak.
Yikes.
Will reopen at 4pm today.
Sorry inconvenience.
I hate that new twitter bolds people's real names and not their handles.
I don't know people by their real names!
March madness
Too many people spend money they havent earned, to buy things they dont want, to impress people they dont like
we did beat them once this season
thanks for the follow and for all your great work!
Hee hee!
RT : MOl!
No wonder I cant hear music..
dang sound is turned off ..
Pfft
Teen mom 2 :
My phone works again, yaaaaay!!!!
HeatNation gets so quiet when they're losing
Wouldnt it be so much easier to planyourwedding if you could guarantee weather this fabulous?
How warm?
Coming from Atlanta, hoping for a nice temperature change
Just seen a grown man cry cuase he pooped his shoulder
My first pet was a cactus.
One attains what one seeks in life.
Those who pursue the world gain the world.
And those who seek the Self shall attain the Self.
Obama says he is going try to accomodate concerns about his religious oppression.
How condescending.
i would follow but thats another aspect of my life that i don't want it in
: Regional 3point Contest with .....do your thing.
Coming back to Florida anytime soon?
The Sunshine State misses you!
:
RT : quote via : What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
Henry David Thoreau
Love the commercials on during
No doubt he misses STL, mostly due to his family.
who's leaving
Sporting KC players and Trent Green are just up the street signing autographs.
Just might stop by.
That's good!
I hope I can go, lol.
That's cool:
hell yeah!
May the force be with you.
Thank you for the follow.
Looking forward to get to know you more.
Watching glee now, Blaine's brother is HOT!!
Public Citizen on Obama scheduling Gulf lease sale: It wont lower oil or gas prices, and it puts taxpayers on the hook for accidents.
Ima bout to tell my bf ;wanna be friends and school to fuck off
thanks boo
The Writers' Radio Resource seeks to be a valuable source of information and motivation for aspiring writers around the globe.

Just finished my lessons pretty good day.
Glad u r enjoying yours.
Bonne nuit.
toured the new and green Perry Hall branch of the Baltimore County Public Library today.
after having worked w/her daughter on speech  language developmt throughout her life.
So lucky to be in a field where ppl shed happy tears!
Find out how to get a free 25 percent off today!
pic.twitter.com/8Iegpz6E
Recording 'unconvincing erotic' sex noises for a play is a strange prospect...
How is beating the Lakers beating the best?
They ain't the best!
The hole in my tights is cutting off circulation in my big toe.
Hurry up, summer!
Hurry!
but at the same time, the public is gonna tear him today for trying to rag on a racial story that should even mattr
Bachelor  a perfect product placement last night with the girls in a private screening of Titanic 3D.
Have you ever asked a painter what brand of paint they use?
Try it.
It says a lot about the quality of the painter.
The best use the best.
how will budgeting be different this year?
The worse it gets out there, the fewer antiunion aholes pipe up on this channel.
More than ever before: it's time to organize!
It's not exactly a monday funday if you're doctornking red wine alone and crying
Happy Holidays my Dear Dear friends......!!
Branding yourself is important for online and offline business, and marketing because you want to build relationships with people.
Who comes out from flipping brgrs in a suit?
COME ON BROXTON!!
Just kidding!
I'm on the season 2 finale of htmiia.
But Greg was great!
If you don't like the story you keep telling yourself, divorce it.
Create a new story that will benefit you.
Love it!
What's all this about a SHOOTING RANGE?
Forget the Patriots, any chance the Bruins can sign Mario Williams to play defense?
Working on vdn and interface issues for clients in CA, NY, WV, and WA today.
Awesome!
RT : Great game.
Thanks for the tickets.
Even made it on TV after the game...
battery is
Evid calling out at fundoctorising events works...
now that i know this, the possibilities are endless.
Some people do dumb shit to try to be cool.
well guess what your not cool your just a dumb ass
On set for 'Static' with  Love love love this brilliant cast!
:
Glad you didn't  and glad you have made it to a better place.
Congrats  you will be seeing TONIGHT !
You'll receive a DM soon.
And good luck w/ finals!
make sure dat shit is purple right before you pour it
So tired
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.
Seneca
ya I was taking about Kobe
Totally agree and am doing just that, friend!
:
It's been so long since I've tweeted on Twitter that I am going through serious Twitter withdoctorwals.
Finally able to watch Hulu and Amazon on my appletv thanks to and XBMC!
aw thanks bro!
i'll do anything for my boys!
still workin on getting u some new stuff
BUSY...HOW BOUT URSELFFF
what's goody?
I will be home later.
Call me.
look up...
stars in the sky
Ahh How about a salad and a calzone or a nice hoagie?
The Office  human sexuality paper
Let's go UNC!!
Tar Heels
packing for my trip to 'Nawlins!
suck my cockiness...lick my persuasion
I just had a great training this morning on article marketing.
And it was free!
Ask me how you can receive this same training.
!
: Thanks you are really a fan of bella !
3 love U !
If I were commissioner I'd make it where any sort of complaint at all about a call  instant T
TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR HEALTH!
Oral Health affects overall health.
Get the best oral care SYSTEM: Paste  Rinse work Together: www.closys.com
Got asked out three times this week.
A good mentor can start you off on, steer you or help you find your journey.
INVALUABLE!
Mine is
Figuring out this retweeting thang.
I wonder what the score in the Eagles/Cardinals is.
one hell of a show last night in Dallas man!
Hope to see you back in Dallas soon.
Peace!
I text people to say that im outside their house instead of knocking.
i hope you speak English because you are beautiful
I think the Big Bucket next door is open late.
I'm going to see about getting a foot/reflexology massage.
Omg Yess You'll Be The Only One 
sorry about that!
Seattle has so much to look forward to for 2012/2013.
Nice!
Very excited
how did you do tht if you get him to follow me it would mean the world to me!33
Tony Melillo, designer
Oh, it's started!
7 packages and 1 envelope!
It's like Christmas!
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
Time for a short break before the next session of concurrent presentations.
San Diego, you stay awesome!
Stoked for and Bright futures ahead.
Go buy their albums on
Devils that's all.
who did they get for odom?
this guy doctorpped off 4 kitties and if no one took them they would get sent to the pound so if anyone wants a kitty they are free!!
is a judge on the X Factor now?
Definitely gonna start watching it.
Memories?
Shit!
I got my first boner watching girls on AB.
I told him that once and he laughed.
Keep Rockin man
I like cheese
s/o tu lil fake ass aint heard from u n a while

I owe an O'Doul's too
Would have liked to hear more about instructional design from the first speaker in this panel.
That the tools exist isn't enough info
lol I've been looking for someone like you for a LONG time!
:D
Choose to purchase a Choosey Chicks gift certificate for that Choosey Girl in you life this holiday season..www.chooseychicks.com
Send our great friend your love!!!
Thanks!
Hope you get to try it out soon!
fuck me, you don't get much hotter than that!
how they treating you out there maam?
This is my first tweet to the world...well to you ahahahah
Here's some quick reactions on doctorft while I have a minute: Travis Benjamin  meh.
Fast but there were better wr options imo.
first I have heard
Divine's clinic Promo :Try our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening peel off mask only 150 K.Info:021 31908203,3922021,087880536758.Sorry BM
at the end of Q1 Bakersfield leads Dakota 3323..
Great ball movement as 7 Jam players have 4 or more points
you can dm us for the number?
Lol idk
Lil' Bow Wow is now Bow Wow, Lil' Romeo is now Romeo, when is Lil' Wayne gonna grow up?
can you play Want U Back by Cher Lloyd?
excited for the creativeconnectionSD event tonight!
psladies, bring some luck with you for some fun giveaways!
Can't wait to do some liveblogging!!
: use hashtag tedxclt for this year's doctoram Makers  Risk Takers October 15
Prosser: Jaguars franchise could not survive Gene Smith passing on Blackmon if he's available at 7 Huh??
The pull out method, it's all about confidence.
Compliments of Matt Stankiewicz
I'm coming to the tour!!
Just to see you, hopefully you come out after to sign autographs : Uniondale, Long Island
Damn how this happen its like a complete turn around
The Lakers looking kind of big out there
Awesome, 17 tracks for free!?
Put 'em on the shelf and I'll buy 'em.
Definitely spreading the reasons for you, all six of 'em!
Paco bought a Honda?
NYUgarage event with  certainly is packed.
Thank you do much.
Great review.., Love it!
will u plz follow me
badass places dude!
lol okay then :P
Bruh has marion always started graduation this early?
I loved reading in Minneapolis.
Ian and Euan Kerr thanks for the care you put into your interviews.
It was a pleasure.
did good on the voice I love that kid and his 'SWAGGIE' I love that but TeamBieber and
Such a rainy, sleepy, lazy day...
follow back and
House debating texting bill.
Holmes wants equal enforcement  no professorling
If they keep playing like they have over the last two weeks, there will be a lot more people talking about them.
I hope we get a good dousing like the south has had the last couple days...we'll need some good luck!
:
Not really feelin school today
ALL IN!
Think we will get Boss and Smith back?Glad Hixon,Thomas and Tryon signed.
is hot.
That's all there is to it
Things that were confirmed last night: I am Still tone deaf and suck at karaoke!
Broadway previews begin tonight for !
Nick Gillam and Austin Day sliding into him
Lust  1st site..
yep up to date...
Now if monkey survey doesn't like chrome that's a different thing....
Dbacks lineup not the same without Upton, Young in it: Bloomquist, Hill, Kubel, Montero, Roberts, Overbay, Pollack, Parra, Hudson.
nice suckable lips u have
Nice one!
I enjoyed it a lot, but the handful of times I used it didn't justify.
I'm more than happy with the pic quality of the 4S.
Opened my eyes, it was only just a doctoram 
So 's simsimi, Dylan, is freakin super nice to her and mine,Liam, is just mean to me!
Mines just rude!
So precious!
:
Did I miss anything exciting today?
I just RSVP'd as a MAYBE.
I'm cranking away here at work.
If I finish early, I'll try and make it!
Thanks K!
thanks for brightening the corners of my Monday.
Thanks for letting me know.
You're very welcome!
this is the day that the lord his made.
i will rejoice and be gladd in it.
dang twitter is 100 thousand times better then facebook :
I was thinking those that have had their 15 minutes of fame already.
Except you, of course.
:
It's good to know that my best friend will laugh at me when I perform tomorrow q
BackInElementarySchool i smashed all da cookies
Heavy chest workout today.
Isolated upper pecs.
45 second breaks with isolated movements focusing on pump and exhaustion.
Locker rooms are so boring.
That is why I tweet.
: yes it is!
And u ain't respond to me MissyLmao oops when u coming next game Wednesday
Don't forget to stop in tomorrow uptown for free NuFace demos!
Prepare for the worst, pray for the best.
Is that how it goes?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!!!!!
finally its my birthday
come back soon
West Louisville has a derby feel to it.
Very electric.
i put chariesheen into tweetdeck.
i think i had a minor seizure.
This new PEL grant thing is a bit shitty..
just sayin..
Maybe that's what causes doctorams....closed eyes  an open mind.
Yeah it was pretty obvious.
Every evening write a plan for the next day, listing your daily things to do.
It is important that you actually write your tasks.
Summer goals: Internship, directproduct two shows.
Ziplining on Freemont street is amazing!!!
Gotta do again
I dunno :O
what does it mean....I being hacked and my page is being covered by embedded programing
Congrats babe on the new job
Oomf moms a FREAK
Is it wrong that I wish Rob Gronkowski spoke like a caveman?
if u following me...and I fart do u smell it?
Welcome to my new followers!
I have been remiss in acknowledging you.
We should make a cereal
You could say that about most things in schools.
Good luck chica!!!!
Kobe is the only player in the NBA that gets compared to Michael Jordan
If I don't have a girl on each leg, what am I doing?
this would be the time to call upon all the knowledge gained by playing far cry 2.
Really?
Omg.
A soldier.
Someone defending all their lives.
Cause I could find a man and not a boy.
Yes you'll soon see what you're missing.
Did you get what you came for?
Yeah, you're a heartbreaker.
tap cards take most of your money : lol .
Those bitches.
very sorry to hear about the migraine, hope you have an effective way of treating them, I know how difficult that can be.
uhh yeah friends...
I ill follow you.
Brooks Laich is a beast.
He should be wearing the C.
The act of determining legitimacy is critical to any authorty
Are there any yelp/angieslist type resources out there for renters?
Specifically to write reviews about lame landlords?
The kid next to me just downed 2 energy doctornks, pretty gross.
70 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event.
Stop by after work and find a new best friend...
help us make it to 100 tonight!
your welcome dear meant it from the heart!
Only Austin Can Make Hashtags Look Cool!;

Intelligence Wins Over Ignorance All The Time.
: Morning folks!!!morning baby
Went to workout today  lost 5 lbs since Monday's workout.
Must be dehydoctorted from the unusually hot weather.
How do people gain weight?
Glad you liked the photo!
She does look proud, doesn't she?
I'm just loving observing her but it's heck on my productivity.
You had me at Neese's.
Can't wait to see the new menu!
Hi Luka's mom.
Can I have your contact information, I would like to discuss Luka's singing career.
I SEE BIG THINGS 4 U IN THE FUTURE..BACK TO THE TOP..SQUIRRELS ARE WISE..WE SEE THANGS UP HIGH IN DA TREE..UM, HMM...T/F/S..
Aren't you going to be here for the wedding?
is dad coming from sf today?
If I stay in this house any longer.
.
.
I am going to eat up everything in here !
Shake off the blahs and hop in your cahs and come see us in Scottsville.
We'll make you smile.
I'm smiling just saying so.
We still have plenty of bikes!
Stop by to pick one up!
We special order as well!
i haven't been to the village in 20 years, need to go there again too.
but that museum....sigh.
just thinking about it.
:
A trip to the ATL would not be complete without grits.
Guess what we are having for dinner?
;
Once upon a design ...
Back dcommutes rotation of two commuter mugs.
Well, rising as much as it can!!!
ugh, def needed something sweet  closed over an hour early tonight!!!
THANK GOD for !!
Happy Friday.
Make this weekend great.
Plan time to get off the sofa and into a workout routine BEFORE the football games start.
LOLL this guy legit came in here to ask a chick to slap him as hard as she could for some experiment LOLL.
this better be pretty freakin important, is the meadow on fire?
omg funny you say that.
i'm actually getting Chipotle for dinner tomorrow.
the image has been in my head far too long.
This is stupid.
We've sunk to their level
Buckeyes need to step up their game bad shot selections lack of fluidity on offense/defensive end.this gm could slip away quick
or to eat pizza at the Sink...
or to smell the fish guts on the Norlin Quad...
or to enjoy the leftovers of
Is the number of retweets going to be lower on April Fools or higher?
ops.
Did you see the latest tweet.
Good night world.
Tomorrow's a new day, new adventure.
about 2 eat dinner 
Ellison's story is one of my favs, but for style, not world creation; hard to think Niccol stole the idea.
I didn't get a call from tonight :
And since I have a 6:45 a.m.
shift tomorrow, that's a wrap for me.
G'night, folks!
Somewhere, someone needs a reason to believe.
Don't let your fire for God burn out!
Some girls need to chill with their boy obsessions.
An trip to Wembley to beat Merseyside rivals Liverpool in the FA Cup SemiFinals?
Worth the 4:30AM wake up call.
Had such a great weekend off, seeing everyone!
Back on that grind.
Every time you LOL to your own joke, especially when it isn't funny, a kitten dies somewhere!
FYI
omg I love the beastie boys!
thank you so much!
This made my day, truly.
Sorry I have been away from twitterverse till now.
Very sweet of you to tweet!
Usher Raymond is so fucing sexii 
Hatley Branch Library Book Club meets on Tuesday May 8th at 2pm.
Reading Little Bee by Chris Cleave.
Coffee  Dessert after discussion.
your gonna say papers fly up in the air ?
Hahaa ; bell rings  papers fly up in the air bahaha jk I understood what you were
that day will come soon for both of us : 2 special EliTes
Congrats to and the for advancing to Round 2.
Keep it rolling!
Thanks for the retweet : Everyone who reads this, follow this girl !
:
Fuck me in the...now my heart is sunk
what;s june Ninfe?
send a cd to: Sunset Island Music 1348 Fruitville Road, Suite 302 Sarasota, FL 34236
M brought me Los Cuates!I have no reason to live without a Kickin BAND!!!!!!Bummed.
Thanks to the lovely ladies of for coming in for industry night.
I am looking forward to trying their ceviche very soon!
HAHA.
No but it's SO LOUD.
It even scared the cats.
Nopetrying to stick with airplane mode  wifi only.
Seeing the lack of Internet access, that may have been a mistake.
One issue will almost certainly be continuous updates made to the ODNB.
Word on the streets is that is the secret hideaway bar for Reds players.
.
.
survival of the fittest sick person in olden days.
HappySaturday all, gotta get off my butt and go shopping, actually have something to do tonight!
Fat people running...
giggle :
Hates getting behind old people while doctorving...
Escondido man hit by doctornk doctorver in his own backyard has compound fracture to leg and broken bones in face
Enjoy the journey!
RT : Listening to the Brian Blade Fellowship gets me in a mood to take a road trip.

Specialize in marble cleaning, polishing, repairing, restoration, honing, sealing, stain removal, crystallization and more.
I have some saxophonists who have issues playing staccatos in our jazz funk chart.
They aren't fat enough.
Any suggestions?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
HAPPY HOUR IS ON NOW FOLKS!!
Time for a hump day cocktail!
Why are you so beautiful ?
Sitting here thinking about all the things I'll never experience.
Like, I'll never know what it feels like to wear a pair of Wranglers.
love u 2
safe travels yo
i put my tv on pause before i left three hours ago.
it's still right where i left it.
yes !
Watching professorssors get bombarded by hopeful future grad students.
I hope to be pestered like that some day.
Bout to fire it up here at west Canada, let's get this ORM party started!
Its official.
We are moving to Thank you.
hahaha happy to entertain you:
In class again, just got done with the part 1 of my life science test : thanks to my biology teacher from Valley, i still remember shit
After a little snow on Saturday, we had a great Reno day for practice today.
5 different HS  Colleges staffs in attendance for Practice 4.
Will finish Adoctoran McKinty's LIGHTHOUSE LAND today  start TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis
We've officaly kicked off the North Coast Brewing Co.
Night!
Head on down to the corner of 13th  Vine to try 7 different NCBC Beers on tap!
Movies with the babe and the roomie :
Hey check out she is a few followers away from having 2500
Army PT shirt  Basketball shorts  True Comfort
Uniform day tomorrow in JROTC the one day my grades actually benefit from me having that Swagg nobody else does.
haha.
One of my fave sayings is shut up and put it in your mouth.
: MentionTo someone who knows you better than you know yourself.
you're my girl, love you!
love the Go Mobile TV app for my room TV.
Great use of QR.
thank you so much for the follow and the extremely kind words on our class blog
Has pinterest been a good tool for you?
Seeking advice from the greatest :
I love a good Stossel show!
RT show this wk, talks about how Hollywood gets capitalism wrong.
Good day.
I have your strings on nearly all of my Warwick and Spector basses  Funkmasters on my Fenders.
Best strings ever!!
I am trying to figure out what to do today go to tally lake or have a bbq with family
you are so cute!
i love you!
:
RT : Ooh, XFactor.
Where the music industry takes two prime time TV slots a weekend to advertise its artistic bankruptcy.
is amazing:
Aaaargh.
Bastardo!
Wait.
Belt belts it.
Apologies for the silence  it's been just shy of nightmarishly busy, and I haven't been able to do NaNoWriMo at all grr
Yep, got my eating clothes on.
Love that they put spandex in skinny jeans now.
Going to chow myself stupid today!
It was, huh?
; RT Today I went for a swim in the Charles, it was wonderful!

I Love And ,You My Inspiration!!MUCH LOVE.
hey guys, I can't help that I have a very wide vocal range....
You're not cute.
Hello Feryl, we are looking for a mister.
Iowa delegate to compete at our Natl.
pageant in Orlando in June!
How can you possibly force me to pick between my boyfriend and my family?
I think it was a language thing.
what's up Sandoctor..I see you..LoL
kickstart my Heart is my fav.
The lyrics and that groove, its just awesome.
Two words: It burns!
If you won't say it in the streets, don't say it in your tweets.
Congrats!
Keep on going because you teach me a lot!
They just haven't shown up today.
As mentioned, they could have still snuck into the top 4 but now it's munich or bust
totes  that guy's the boss!
Can't debate ideologues or religious fundies.
sigh
at the barbershop gettin lined up before I fly out to denvermarch to livestream the powwow on
hey I'm upset so you should try to make me laugh a lot during your stickam okay
road to utopia?
:
Petition to get off Twitter stopCole ;
Star Trek themed pub quiz kicks off at 7pm sharp.
Be here or be 
doing Whitney proud on right now.
Damn.
Crazy improvement in vocals  confidence in this girl since day 1
3.
Of course we are.
Will you be able to go?
Pearon's etextbooks approach: anytime/anywhere
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be??
t4starslive PS: I love you!
ima let GOD handle it
Alex Fry, semifinalist and freshman at Point Park University, loves Regina Spektor and thinks she's brilliant!
Jersey Shore all day bitches !
3
What's behind the violence problem in Chicago?
laying out the problem and solutions with right now.
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music!
Is that you?
Love the snow!
Want to get together for ice cream, grilled cheese and scotch?
Again.
Soon?
Miss you.
xo
Chris so will you answer my question why you answer my random questions on fb and quit avioding this
your momma let you date, bby?
Bring on all the pretenders.
One day we will be remembered,
Considering how long the patcher is taking I might have it ready by then lol:P
10FactsAboutMe I love cheesecake!
Fell smack down on my hip bone dancing today...fml i am going to be sore tomorrow, I just know it!
To the old bitch who I live with.
If I fucked up tell me so I can fix what I did.
Instead of trying to throw my shit away!!!
Yea that would be great!!
2nite: MangoMarinatedChickenFajitas Handpounded mango marinated w/peppers, onions, asparagus pineapple  melted fiery pepper jack cheese.
Got up early to see this morning and excited learn some new tricks to impress my boss!
Tonight at , I'm celebrating my BDay everybody free till 12  we have giveaways all night W/ on the 1's 2's!!
at dinner with my family: how about you ?:
will do!
text mee!
you are always too kind!
WHAT!?
Where is Blake shelton?!?
TEAM EAST!
Schamp: We have to make decisions in this district before we know our budget at all.
OMG it will be like a real spa experience!
You are so clever!
etch daz time on the sides of your head to prove dedication.
Otherwise you're just playing kiddie games.
N HOW IS THAT DM ME
I read Time Magazine for the articles.
hieee and me :D
Morris or Torain if he's there.
I don't like A Smith or K Williams at all
TGIF, Meetings meetings meetings today.
I'll get to you with my sched, but Sat is full...
Talk soon!
I've never been in Twitter jail...
good question lol.
I guess to keep the distance a little interesting.
But wat u actually get out of it, no idea.
/ Very well said!
It makes too much sense to resonate.
Keep up the fight!
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
I'll be seeing you tomorrow then.
cc:
thanks for the follow Jams!
Tip of year for all you self help gurus that give out advice so freely; The day after tomorrow is the 2nd day for the rest of your life
And well the Blackhawks lost.
womp
Just did my first insanity workout that shit crayyyyy!!!
will do, I don't have much money, but I'm learning that time is money.
Lol the Knicks are embarrassing the celtics and I love it
My grandmother was in very poor health and my last memories of her are from when she was healthyso there's that.
Superfluous wealth can buy superfluities only.
scgla That was an awkward transition at all, Patrick.
im not a paperdoll u can just fk around with love u man
Amarillo, Texas.
Yep.
thats where Im at.
That means closer to Michigan :/
me: tell Prince I say hello Husney: sure
is DAT DUDE .
MY dude .
MY prom date .
MINE .
Dear Pearson, My kitty doesn't have sleeves either, but we don't eat her.
Anna, PreK
seriously man.
They just blend in during the day.
I fell asleep halfway through.
The fact that Ramirez went 4for4 w/ gamewinner, saved piece
glad I skipped it!
I thought it was gonna be your wedding video.
Aloha from Indiana!
Your welcome.
...and i'm not aunt krit, I'm aunt Twit.
lol I'm cool with it tho!
thassss my baby
That which you can't be with owns you Dwight Frindt
Happy Friday all
Excited to hang out with some smart folks at IHSMDC tonight!
The state of SelfRealization is described as beyond the furthest limit that you can reach through your material equipments.
i did.
Cross me and ill do it again.
haha no, thank you!
he'd probably say somebody needs to fix the truck.
The Easter bunny skipped my house this year..
WheresMyCandy?
GETTIN READY TO FINISH UP DA REST OF VIDEO
Can someone explain why API designers love to create as many nested levels of data in their response format antipattern should be AFlatAP.
welcome!
It's a fun app to take pictures with :
I see you taking a time though.
It's like riding a bike.
You never forgot.
At least I hope not.
Sis, I think we need to take this convo to
why is the ocean salty?
re: Star Wars photos.
I love the idea that at some point someone yelled, we need more mattresses!
Database Week  NoSQL, NewSQL, Hadoop amp; Big Data Festival for Internet Week NY
we would be lost in the nation's capital without you!
RT : Thanks for the shoutout!
And you can't set alerts on your phone?
Good morning luv!!!
Ah, I'm getting this!
That's the beautiful thing about baseball.
No time clock, no holding the ball to kill time.
Got 2 play all 9 innings!
Love thanks for the support TeamUET RT : have fun amp; do good.
If its a contest bring home the win
Charity is not only something we owe to society, but something that we owe to ourselves.
Please welcome ClubAmateurUSA to the Max life
Love YOU favorite boobie
Was that his first offense?
or 4th?
Love ever incite a riot?
Ever been suspended for over 100 games..?
Teaching self to play dad's classic guitar
an image of my business card is in your email
Julie Taymor is a visionary director...
except her visions are terrible.
Wondering the adverse affects of eating every day for work
hahaha omg thats so weird but funny!!!
If anyone ever accuses you of being racist just trump them by sharing your enthusiasm for McDonald's commercials.
Up next on : continues the debate on Ban College Football.
Don't miss it!
Soo nice out this morning..
Watching the voice with
oh yes he was
i got you, thanks for watching the Crew Love cover.
3
MBS and Treasuries Pushing the Boundaries of Recent Ranges
Sometimes bad things in life open up your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before..
Always be thankful.
Dude sittin next to me in class is musty as hell...its a two and a half hour class
the official Justin merch site.
I don't know what it's called but if you type believe pre irretrievably it's like the first.
Bring1DToUS, hav them, cuz like, i defo dnt want them in this country and im sure the rest of my fello followers dnt:
everyone wants to be like my nani;
attire no.
Hooters yes
I thought he was your older brother?
thanks for doing this!
I didn't know they knew each other either.
It's weird.
National Champions!
Verizon Cuts 50 Off The doctorid Xyboards OnContract Price But Theyre Still Too Expensive
Last night  Universal City Walk, a street performer said to the crowd: If you're not smiling, put it on your todo list!
It stayed w/me.
Wind makes me bark like CRAZY!
Yuck!
how about....
sexy time with Jon and chels haha
Unique RT people with mild hay fever found that kissing with soft music in background for 30min...lower allergy symptoms
freshmanyeartaughtme don't skip class more than three times
And let me know if I can email you any tunage on me, B!
Sometimes those internationals just don't listen when you give them directions home
I don't wanna brag, but I'm tied with myself for first in the Red Key bracket thingie.
Sorry, this twitter doesnt get checked much.
Please contact us thru email or phone 4044823641
my back is killing me so i guess thats a sign to take my black ass to bed huh?
Smell good.
Be smooth.
Be tan.
Be strong.
Six pack.
Don't lose your hair.
White teeth.
Keep it hard.
Big money baby!!
Someone is butthurt about a breakup.
WOW.
that came out of left field.
there's someone standing behind my porch hm I wonder who
He said we were done talking.
he text me?
Tf!?
Usually like NFLN's top 10 show, but top 10 Uniforms.
.really?
Why can't The Broncos keep Manning and Tebow?
Sleep is good
time to give him his dues...
Jealous of your snazzy blue pants.
:
Good for you, Josh Beckett.
Everyone loves an underdog.
Wow!
What a tremendous learning experience.
you're not serious....
:
You know you're too busy when you revisit your todo list and find you were too busy to even check off completed items.
the work I reference is from 1999!
Am away from computer so no links.
Ugh I miss you..
5 blocks and closing.
Can I pretend to be between 12 and 22 and that I want to learn to kick better so I can attend?
;
I miss Trader Joes!
We're in Texas now and no Joes.
I just had a TJ flashback and it was beautiful!
The Shins new album Port of Morrow is now available
I want my companion she helps me get through the days it's hard to mak it without her

you can't see what the story is fundamentally about: Martin being killed.
But good luck smearing Trayvon postdeath
LOLOL GO WASH YOUR HAIR JENNA
liking the look of new though i want to color code my folders...
Patio, fence, yard.
My wish list for the house.
Love it.
RT : How's my East coast Gladiators enjoying the walk down memory lane?
The inception of
Thanks for your RT.
This home has been rented.
are you receptioning?
Don't see you at the buses, want to make sure you didn't fall asleep...
welcome to the pack nation.
we excited to see you play
is it possible for Blake Griffin to get the top play again from last night?
If anybody needs a good giggle, check out the 's feed.
I posted your crew number of my facebook and made people call it.
because Yolo.
Just sitting here crying.
I am so tired.
: I just want to rest.
I dont matter anymore.
why do i even try?
:
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon on WPWR talk to parents about Autism
So I miss just a couple days on Twitter, and it gets all Alexcentric.
Rad.
Oh the getting ready process.
There needs 2 be a microwave speed machine..poof!
makeup done...poof!
hair done.
Need a professorssional voiceactor?
Take your pick of professorssional, accredited Voice Over artists at savoa.org/members .
If i was at home id be stalking track stats right now
: Alien life does exist, but only in 90s pop culture SwagLife Follow: 
Listen in to my show when you can!
.
I have done 50 SALSA shows in last year from the Bronx!
Cuidate Bro!
I  my daughter; I  my boyfriend; I  my family..but im not sure how much more i can handle
Not gonna lie, Don Rickles made me cry.
in celebration you should follow me :
just having a caseofthemondays but its on its way!
Great news as well!
Lang Lang, Royal Albert Hall, review: Lang Lang was a great deal more considered and controlled than in his prev..
CAN'T WAIT FOR SATURDAY : 3
i grew like an inch so really shut up in not that short  you're just standing to close lol
Many thanks to the participants and audience members at the final TILTS DH symposium.
Super conversations, and lots of questions left.
Do you know what bliss is?
It's walking into the house  seeing standing in the kitchen after he's been out of the country!
I wonder if BD will let me play volleyball if I stay next year.
Soriano on to close against his former team
I think I broke my wrist?
We have a new server ready  vpnas4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
Just saw the space shuttle enterprise fly by frm our roof it was so cool.
Welcome to NY enterprise.
Tori livereallivefearlessliveyou 
LOVE IT!
RT Overheard at the studio today: I try to do something fun or nice everyday
hahahaha this too funny bro I dying
: BrittanyGriner is a straight up Baller!
sicembears incredibly true
What is it with hipsters and owls?
Enlighten me.
Yeah...
give it 5 years and that title will be revoked.
check out dani shay
HotelASP Released a New Triple Play Hotel Software Service for Small Hotels.
The Free Cloud Service Includes a Web ...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
TenFactsAboutMe 10 I won't judge you by the way you look, its the personality that counts
Let's hope DC United can get a win against Chicago.
They could really use one.
Thanks!
I am senging over info now!
Smell that?
It's R.J.'s humidor in his study, opened only for reynoldahearthside visitors.
Man my son Ibaka is gonna make lightwork of Ron
Had the Liars Fuego, one of dineLA spiciest dishes in Los Angeles, for dinneryum!!!
I'd have to disagree and say that getting jiggy wit it by big willy style is a better party song than purple rain by prince
I'll watch later!
I think my next jersey will have to a Craig Adams jersey...
Such a solid player
Eva: We havent come close to hitting the limit childoctorn can learn.
thanks baby i love you to!!!:
Greg Via didn't get the jacket, no tie memo that the rest of the panel got.
Conference fashion runs the gamut of full suits to jeans.
i should not be awake right now
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Thomas A.
Edison
I think an early90s themed spaceship would suit you perfectly
ohh, unlimited times..
Does this work like a ff?
:
Oh yay!
I'll try to find you.
I can't wait for this one!
:
I feel a blessing on the way because God knows the devil is trying to stir things up.
The devil is not welcomed here....
All in this game of love..
I've seen doctor Kirk park in handicap spots more than handicapped people.
Guy seriously takes up 2 handicap spots to park his car diagonally
well yea that's my name so
God Morning everyone!
Belly dancing brings out the shimmy in Shelby  Great Falls Tribune
hi nice to add u
I wish!
But no:...I was just going through pictures on my phone and used instagram to edit them.
Lol
I'm guessing that means Hurry up, please!
Runs around in circles cleaning hi
: : Conversation is an exercise of the mind; gossip is merely an exercise of the tongue.
TONIGHT  NEW YEAR'S EVE BLACK  WHITE BALL at Lotus Nightclub!!!
Doors open at 9PM.
Arrive Early, this one's gonna be Poppin!!!
wow just heard WesleyJohnson name on SportsCenter!
go Cuse!
I kept falling asleep at my desk, so I decided to go to bed.
Now that I'm in bed, I'm wide awake.
Grrr.
professorssional Website Design 99.00 mo, what does your website say about your company?
call 512 8730447
: Can I know why I was cut off in the first place?
TWO more days and FINALS are OVER!
This meeting is cracking my brain!
ppl want to be surprised/upset that jackiekennedy had opinions!
she was a brave lady for all the ish she had to deal with.
lol will do!
Anyone coming to Boston for the marathon who wants to give Newton a hand?
Bicycle secured!
Not even L.A.
potholes will stop me.
, I'm ready for you!
For tickets?
Sorry, don't understand that.
My Jenkins jobs refresh SVN, restart servers, and initiate MXUnit tests
Dude...
It is about about done!
Time to have a party!
May 12, mark it on your calendar...
Graduation and party at the Rasp house!
the lady gave me this chunky bone that is making me grrrrrrrr  i want to eat it but it just lets me chew it, grrrrrrrrrrr
out Die ad you fall!!
You don't want to work ANYWHERE that requires you to fly crosscountry on your own dime, Alex.
I told Anita how I felt.
Very sad to be missing
Been waiting on that issue for a while Claire huh?
:
Northway Financial, Inc.
Announces First Quarter Results
Next time I check your website to cosponsor bills, I expect to see HR 2885  would help millions of unemployed Americans.
I be in the house I never got my lasagna!!!
;
I NEED FOLLOWERS RETWEET FOR SHOUTOUTS
Awesome!
Hope I catch you guys there.
I'll be bouncing all around.
Happy Birthday!!!
:
I think it's safe to say Tila Tequila is rooting for the Jets right now.
How does one go about their normal lives once they finish the hunger games books?
I'm so bored damnit.
RT Always the cat remains a little beyond the limits we try to set for him in our blind folly.
Norton, Andoctor
Dang!
I got that wine dinner on Wednesday otherwise I totally would!
Everyone is here for this video game convention and their costumes are making my day a billion times better.
Thanks for the follow guys!
Much appreciated...
language is such an issue..
things from patients flipping out and throwing fits about not understanding which ione is the pain killer med ..
Lopez did his job...more or less...and gives way to Sergio Romo who will try to retire Cuddyer with runners on 2nd and 3rd, 2 outs
Bitches talking that's just free promotion 
great but im freezing
same here loving life
Going by a water tower with ally called waverly me: look were in waverly, i wonder if theres wizards?
First monster: I have a hunch.
Second monster: I thought you were a funny shape.
Congrats and his beautiful bride.
Wishing you both a lifetime of happiness!
I was just thinking that myself...
Where are my tweets?
Gotta get on that.
Enjoying yours!
Hey have you heard Too Close by Alex Clare?
Kinda diggin it at the moment!
My hands smell like hot dogs .
thanks so much!!
Thank you
Well, it was nice knowing you, but now that I've seen contagion, I'm never going to touch any of you ever again.
Or gwyneth Paltrow.
Vote Austin, 1D are already famous!
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
i hate being sick :
The government should ban gay marriage because the bible says it's wrong, but it should allow straight adultery.
Are there new solutions for mobile phone batteries?
its about 100 degrees outside in Baltimore on of the staff here at the Star Spangled Banner Flag House gave a computer u bring outside..
Frank Hubbard I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money
folks have RAVED about customerservice on , too!!
Oh, you said you like it in the BUTTler..?
Lol u good i had a long talk with her RT : OH SORRY....IM NOT SUPPOSE TO BE TALKING TO YOU
Ugly teeth turns me the fuck right off.
Once I enter 10th grade in August I will have come farther then both of my parents education wise :,D
The Sammich is beef smoked to perfection chopped and cooked in sauteed onion and gravy and served over a soft french roll.
Ready to try??
Congrats.
Are you going to celebrate?
I need the hattrick!
Just registered a joint email addoctorss for and I for wedding planning, but we promise to never have a joint facebook page.
QOD???
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF A LEPRECHAUN STOLE YOUR POT?
yes aka marijuana
One of these days I'll wake up to that message..
Ice cold?
thanks for letting me copy ur Spanish :
hang in there and try to get some rest.
Tomorrow will be better hopefully.
:
Agreed.
I'd do like the man in the article and withdoctorw my name if someone asked to browse around any private social network.
3 classes for 20 dollars don't wait take advantage Now
Men think they are players but women are the coaches.
Go for it!
Sick at the worst possible time
White Whale has a bird wipe
Coyotes up 31...also didn't see this coming
Chun cites Richard Dienst's Still Life in Real Time.
Nice to hear him voiced in this conversation.
Good afternoon MWAH
It took two years, but, the man has spoken RT : I farted
You don't look different but you have changed.
I'm looking through you  you're not the same :/
wow then hoes must smell pretty good then:P haha thank you:
Ganz v.
Kush I'm in a timewhorp I think a lot of these new niccas ain't had Ganz b4
stopsayingthat 40 is the new 20 cuz clearly it's not...
So when you get 50 what you gonna say??
That's the new 30?
you will never understand my hate towards math .
this captainres my interested!
How very fascinating!
So much excitement!
Was this meant 4 u?
You must be important!
And like coffee
there are definitely better pictures than this one from , but I'll take it.
First cinco de mayo celebration success 
love thy soul
I really hope my fellow libertarians are wrong on Net Neutrality, because if they aren't, the internet is going to suck
also going to eat the famous ohio state buckeyes
Hey!
OK.
Acceptable.
Listen busters,scarier when I finger fxck her after I dig her up and then eat her out with a bit a mustard.
blah blah blah.
okay.
under 14.
challenge yourself!
aim for at least 60 minutes of physical activity a day!
I will black out my activity on Facebook today ;
duty now for the future
totes possible!
Trying to check out your link to the article  I think your site is down...
Big data allows us to be wrong with infinite precision 
Do you need a gift for an upcoming grad?
There's no sweeter gift than Joe Bucks!
Why do overalls have belt buckle loops, since they are held up at the top by the straps?
The Girl With No Number will have its first screening at .
A movie that deals with humantrafficking and
Pretty sure it's still at 9, at least according to their site.
Even if it is really at 8, you know it won't start till 10.
would follow you far  especially with a second line like that !
Thanks again for the fun and look forward to more soon!
Love is..learning the song in someones heart, and singing it back to them when they have forgotten  Rick Shell
Thank you for sharing your views on critical senior issues in San Diego
whosgonnalose  Detroit at San Francisco  Detroit will lose
Alvin told u we goin to Little Rock?
false he came out of one...
So second time
Come again!
Glad you could join us.
I have made it so!
:D We now support both
RT : there is no alQaeda in Afghanistan.
Why are we there?
The war is now TWICE as long for us than WW2!
sing I need more time loudly for me!
My family pisses me off so bad.
I seriously wish I could leave all of them.
Stop by Buddy Bike Table 20 to enter our free raffle for Green Guru Gear products  swag!
2 weeks to go!
Salute fa da follow.
I gotcha!
I'm hating that their showing mister.
Favre on TV every 2 seconds.
Makes me want to punch that cancer ridden bitch in her big nose!
I'm mad!!
im so bord dat its up to my accord to giv me an award only if i can afford the chalkboard dat i explored only if i was cured
wish you were here in spokane!
I'm broke annoyed and bored on a Friday who wants to get me doctornky ?!?!?
i Love The OMG GIRLZ New Song..
It AWESOME..
Tonight we have a Cowbustin Special that'll knock your hoofs off!
Fir just 10.95 you git an 8oz NY Strip coupled with a side kick!
Giddy Up
thanx for sharing the photo scanning deal!
do u guys have a skype
you should have seen Tamela's face!
We miss you over here this week.
brown cow
how quick we talking :
doctor Lans has been voted one of No.
Va.'s TOP DENTISTS.
Call today and when you visit, bring your coupon for special introductory savings.
Having a camera doesn't make you a photographer.
Taking photos makes you a photographer.
I would love to talk with you sometime.
A fellow DO who does radio!
lol sitting on the toilet smh
Where are all the ARs for record companys!?
Assisi sent u a doctorwing, it was supposed to be candle..
I sent it by accident 
In Music Meeting Delphic Doubt Electronic upbeat, says loves, British  Electronic, wow!
big surprise!
Please send comments/suggestions/ideas to
my mom tells me that all the time, I guess I have a diverse set of RSS feeds  browsing habits
funny how my sister and i were fighting but once i put legend of korra on we forgot
LOL apparently I tweet too much on my personal account.
Fucks I give 0
talkin all that shit i bet that nigga shoes dirty
Are you at Taco Bell?
Amazing night !
Thank you for putting together the great show!
Thanks, I'll try Ginger Ale, Chicken Soup, and a healthy dose of moviewatching in the living room
If you have friends who are gay but oppose equal rights for them...
are they really your friends?
I don't have any contacts
The Social Network may be a very good film, but watching it makes me very grateful that there was NO Facebook when I was attending college.
bloomberg is making a mistake if he is trying to end ows.
kicking the people out at 6am is only going to make the situation get bigger.
I hope you are stuffed from all those free samples at the NRAShow and made multiple different flavors of soda at Coke!
Mostly Jacobson though
we should catch up!
Soon?
Any1 likes my background picture
Hey...
What's up?
betterlucknexttime ;
RT Husbands, retweet if you appreciate your wife.
Curtis how is that lady doing??
Dude, GET YOUR ARSE TO COLLEGE.
Take a hike Kelly Ripa!
GOOD MORNING WORLD
yep.
Pretty excited.
Trying to care at all about this merit review now
lol , well go lift a couple for me too .
You're the best I never had
because I'm better than you...?
messed up phone bill....
I can't get kik to add you.
Thanks Craig!
Heard much about you, hope we can meet someday.
B
; Happy Thursday!
Salute!
RT Everybody in the office getting tipsy.
Thanks !
wouldn't it be wonderful to perform in italy in 2012?
I got u
our time last night was too short now that's open to many interpretations.
P Get ur face out to SF soon!
Need to go pig out.
:
Watching Intro to Building Mobile Apps using Sencha Touch with at
Thanks for being awesome!
teamawesome Our Marketing Person Is A Big Fan Of Yours!
Join us as a Recruiter II in Dallas The ideal candidate will have proven success with proactive recruiting strategies including sourcin
I got dallas and oklahoma 2nite let's go!
Less than a year out of grad school  Im back.
Deciding where to get my third degree in 6 yrs.
Company paying for it obviously.
Judging history day really brought home that putting primary sources online means students can access them in a VERY real  important way.
I need to be less bummed, I'm going to Panda Express!
At gtugcamp.
Everyone friendly ...
yes perfect power walking weather :
Can someone remove this knife out of my back
Yea, that's kinda' what I was thinking.
Would be big savings, though, which would make the whole trip easier.
Those same girls are envious of the way that you live your life!
We need real writers
If Kobe left the Lakers would you still be die hard LakersFans?
i'll wait why would u?
Planning study abroad?
Want 20 towards your trip?
Then email for full deets : It's all very simple  fun!!
hey Ariana!
Hows your night going?
: love you :
Debbie Gibson on celeb apprentice is gonna tune in religiously!
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles?
Who the fuck shits then giggles?
nanowrimo RT Make time to disconnect and let the words fly: Your characters will thank you
Good Morning
's Local Underground Tent Party.
Only 10 minute walk from SBVillage.
Wine, beer, food,  music.
It's a PARTY!
RT Don't blame it all on Nova...it's our offense too...the whole team needs to snap outta it...
...Agree 200...tonite!
We're taking our weekly OUTSIDE!!
Yes!
Who's bringing the mimosas?
no kidding somanycravings 
How adorable!!
And Ava looks precious too.
:
Perfect day for a bike ride!
Today is going to be, wait for it, a high of 58F!!
That's right!
Ride on, friends!
You used to listen to good music.
What happened?
thanks bro, nice to see you too.
I get mad when I say hi to sumone n they dnt say it bac....
Trying for the first time today.
Can't resist a food truck.
Home from nyc, taught numerous classes, sent emails, but still can't forget CindySherman at
Im so hungry !
I wish I could go out to eat for lunch!
.
:/
Hey brother.
Good times last night!
Hollywood is crazy!
My friend, Serein Wu is a BOMB stylist and is SAG.
She's following me, contact her!
don't worry I'm no City lover just really hate United.
Great news on Spurs job.
I'll be in UK for Olympics will hit u up.
forever my favortie movie
The lil tips on the shoelaces are called aglets :
via Paradigm Shift You may believe that you are responsible for what you do, but not for what you think.
The truth is that you are resp...
GoodLuck to my wifey at her job interview today.
Tomorrow is Armed forces day.
Come by Bath  Body Bistro with your military ID and receive 15 off of any purchase!
So, though the gunplay isn't too great, Communicating with friends on core decisions would be fun.
Thanks for following , , and !
We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
it's like not even 11am over there.
How and why are you up before noon on a Saturday?
Harvey's for my daddy's 52nd bday!
Suck it Patriots!
It's your birthday weekend : !!
I won't get it until they actually say it .
wow that burger sounds awesome!
defiantly need to try it!
No worries  glad the network is growing.
Also, I'm using the Striphas book for my class.
OMS!
is online!
Hopefully he'll notice me today!
Hoping Hollie stays tonight, she shouldn't be in the bottom.
Does anyone care Im almost outta milk?!?!
I might delete my twitter
Nothing yet...heading out 90 for another hike.
cool deal.
thanks.
Are you and Eddie still coming out for that fight soon?
Coolest sound at any hockey game might be the Phoenix Coyotes coyote howl.
It's great.
Thanks for the RT Are you going coming all the way from Detroit/Toronto?
is that to much to ask for now a days
That's what I like to hear.
Tag it westchestercarnaps2k12 on Instagram, and it'll pull right onto the site.
Is British food improving, or is it just London's scene?
Quote of the night, I used to do puppets, and that sht is intense...wtf?!?!
its playtime..You girls picking up what Im putting down?
Every song is free.
I just don't get the appeal of the Foo Fighters.
Sorry, world.
I want daughter to read NYTimes too.
Why can't I without sharing my own login/pswd?
Don't they want to build next gen of readers?
My mom can barely check her voicemail
Damn.
now my batting average will dip.
that was pretty detailed...sitting in paris, waiting for my flight to warsaw killmenow :/
Hey.
We're open.
Analysis: Dissident's case poses diplomatic test for US and China  Reuters
At work..
Welcome !
RT My amazing mentor has officially joined the Twitterverse
Illini finish the season in much the same way they played through it, by acknowledging only 35 of the game's 40 minutes.
enjoyed processing Samuel Clemens' correspondance, now time for a little Charles Dickens!
i survived....
Should be good as well, just hit me up whenever looks good.
The Ace of Spades
extreme makeover: home edition.
Thanks, Patricia!
XOXO
didn't quite make it then, but headed there now.
Sweet doctorams yo
Me three hours ago: EAT ALL THE CANDY.
now i can't sleep.
Let alone do the piles of homework sitting on my bed.
this teacher ......
bitch i dont care about ur class ..:/
Welcome to my twitter stream.
Any students I should follow to keep in the loop on the organizing?
I'd love fewer hours with benefits!
But working almost full time and no benefits?
Seems crappy.
Good morning sir!
Most of the bands I really want to see live are playing warped this year and I can't go 
finds DH syllabi incorporate alternative texts like audio, video, images, games.
Also, focus on projects.
you really do tweet the sweetest things ever: your tweets always make me smile3
Fans in mnwild building pick stars.
They put 6 on the board and fans text.
Some nights there are no visitors, others 50/50.
on a hunt for a sweet panama hat help!!
Omg The Hunger Games was amazeballs
Hey Cincinnati  catch live today and get their album early  5pm  Shake It Records and tonight at Taft Theater!
Decided to throw some Tweets up, lol.
oh no doll sweeter than you.
Halftime in Missouri lead 87.
Gibson with a pair of goals.
I wish the worst things upon ryan braun.
More Richmond like winter temps to arrive for the weekend.
chilled with today, went swimming and stuff.
good day.
Why oh why is it so?
I don't know why, but damn it sure pisses me the hell off..,.
hell hath no furry like a women scorned...
The Good Wife!!
just followed my first 23 or so influential author
good chatting with you can't wait to see
Great advice to start the day!!!
MarchMadness continues tonight w/ 3 Florida teams!
Never let haters come between u and your doctorams!
If they won't move run through them!
howbaddouwantit!
If i tweet you twat lol...
Im not being dirty cause i took a shower !!!
so im clean
Karen Candy was very close to the Hayes family.
She asked me to tell you hello!
Thre was a succesful tv show about rich  famous.
How about a show about poor  invisible.
Now here is a chalenge 2 the HOLLIWOOD elite
; I'm going to be sleepy though lol.
It's so early :c
Likewise.
I could watch this every day.
lol
I love the colors too!
This takes a painstakingly long time though; finally finished but probably took 56 hours!
eep.
Lol I go on instgram and I just gained a bunch of followers.
Feelloved 33
i decided to take a bow of silence from my family until this peoplepowermyass problem has been solved.
The Thunder opened a can of whoop  on the Lakers last nite, Yikes!
this is too cute :p
well I mean Let's see m the only one whose paid all of the money so far so eat my dick lol we need to get together n by plane tix
Thanks to Lindsey for fitting me for new Mizunos.
Can't wait to run!
Nobody cares about the games in PA!
While you're in the Convention Center for the Exhibit Hall at FAI12, make sure you stop by the Canada Reception!
Virgo's love belly rubs.
Jesus loves you.
dublinlondonamsterdam.
I hope I come back alive spacebrownies hopefully not a repeat of last time
ALL librarians are certainly equipped w/ the tools to be great activists; I hope yes.
Word.
RT : Wrote/filed 900 words in less than hour .
Thought I was pretty buck then realized sportwriters do that every night.
You got it girl.
Look at you, now get a picture up there.
I will send one to you to use.
A childs birthday party isn't a good place to come out the closet, Clarence
Thanks for the follow!
I've always wondered what a DIT/AC's website would look like; I really like yours.
test tweet
There will never be enough time to read everything I want to read.
And yet, I buy more books all the time just because I love books.
thanks for the FF Great seeing you today!
thanks for the mention!
I want bacon.
RT : has some fantastic reads on display on the 1st floor, right when you walk in, love it!
morning follow back 
Chicago Soup Company is coming alive!
New logo is in place and will be featured soon!!
Website is coming soon!!
Do not let anything or anybody get in the way of your doctorams, your goals and your self respect
How is this US game tied with Kazakhstan?!
What a joke...
don't let them get revealed
Samsung apps challenge started already, but you can still get in the game.
k let me know if/when.
midsept in cleveland.
gonna be big.
your not welcome
Pujols hit a home run today
BREAKING: RoseontheRoof is officially SOLD OUT!
Looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow!!
everything is going well, I hadn't seen you on here in awhile just making sure everything is good man, I want to hear some music!
Bought my little sisters a few clothes and accessories today.
I care so much about them and their well being!
Visited some forex trading related forums recently.
Blind leading blind ...
play's redundant points give me sense pw has lost intimate contact w characters
After a long day of snafus, twists,  turns, I think all of the bugs are worked out and 3 Christmas Wishes is officially on sale...
got some hot organizational energy today.
woohoo!!
Seeya again in a few weeks son!!!
When people think they did absolutely nothing wrong but really did.
Also, I felt so cool cruising on a Saturday night in my pjs and slippers.
I'm such an old lady.
GA State Patrol is a joke.
Why would you pull people over on the largest interchange ramp in the state?
ATL traffic is bad enough
I'm at the point where I'm watching a Seinfeld ep on DVD, then rewatching the same ep w/ commentary to make sure I've caught all the nuances
Don't worry I won't I always try to remain positive
why is lotto staring at eminem's nipples during this battle?
NOT for Teacher
Back on campus for a whole 2 minutes before I run into kids doing parkour.
Oh , don't ever change.
Rango is up there with Shrek and Toy Story.
Awesome movie.
Noted: Bubble tea is not the most subtle beverage to enjoy at one's desk.
Its crazy to think that people you've known your whole life can believe a bonafide stranger over you..SMH Manipulation is an MFer
Has to be in Texas.
Any era.
Haven't heard of some of these.
Will look up.
Thanks!
Caipirinha's on a working Saturday.
The perfect adult beverage for today!
Team Liquid...you deserve it
Aww.
Love THX!
RT: Gave K about Fundoctorising on cuz she knows how 2 find green 2 bring stories 2 life!
I didn't think of suggesting Nano.
Derp on my part.
no sugar for the next 12 weeks..
assassinate me asap
crap.
Yes that's what I meant.
Hello to our 200th follower:
lets go la tonight we get our W back
When it comes to scare stories about diet or germs or aliens, how come Hodges is always the most rational head in the room?
IntDesignerChat A1: I do a LOT of reading, and if I get asked a question that I dont have an answer for, I do extra research!
I hate house bathrooms with the weird mini push pin lock.
Can never tell if I'm actually locking the door.
what shirt did you get us lol
Don't know about Lotte in Chantilly?
Maybe I can help you.
Fresh garbanzos sea urchin; 7 kinds of housemade kimchi.
Talk 2 me for a tour.
Ray Allen must be hurt to be missing free throws..
Celtics up 8179 .08 seconds left
BradenRapp's tribute to Billy Strayhorn in double bill with Vijay Iyer at Manchester Craftsmen Guild, Pittsburgh, April 29.
bradenrapp.com
went to the bathroom, looked in the mirror, saw a grown woman, wondered: when the hell did that happen?
I am so SKINNY!!
Kernels of wisdom from yetanotherworld: 19841948, futurenear now, and conversation between writers is a marvelous genre
I am gong to make my mark...anyone doctornking energy doctornks, dang they taste good, but are not the best for you...check this out www.efusj ...
Watching DD's ballet class.
Two dads are out on the floor doing turns and plies w their kids who r a little shy.
Very sweet.
where do we report ?
haha you bet.
Sorry, computer shut down
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
hypocrites are the worst kind of people.
pumped for the new album gents!!much love3
GN say a pray 4 me
Dear unrest / wanderlust: Why are you visiting me again?
gotta love iChat :
The Knicks need to take Lakers lessons....
Thanks goes out to for pimpin out our new 500K video.
S/O to a couple of new followers and
John L.
Smith named head coach of Arkansas.
On ESPN
been doing beach walks lately so it really kicked my arse to go on a canyon hike today........good sweat
PLEASE MAKE MY DAY AND FOLLOW ME BACK
sad thing is he looked like that before going on the big boy rides at
do they have any other cartoon.
YEA!!!
Ok bitch now you can go ;D love ya bye!
Sleep good sexy thang ;
looks like a squid
Found a near mint copy of Muswell Hillbillies for 5 bucks, grilling with and Nice day.
SO PUMPED!
What time are you getting there?
Doors are at 8...?
What does it mean to study music in a liberal arts environment vs.
a conservatory environment?
Curricula should addoctorss this.
Pamela Smart: The Menil Collection as a space where poetry could prevail over pedagogy.
BASKETBALLWIVES I can't believe they are on this beautiful island and is acting like this, that's crazy
follow me Ohh my 14 year old brother would never do that
I'll keep you virtual company, I'm writing an 8 page paper and learning a semester of stats holla
When you doctornk from them, does it taste like sadness?
in time i want to be your best friend, east side love is living on the west end
Well.
Yeah.
: Single is the new couple
Just accepted this internship.
Starting next week.
Nervous!.
I'll take the over under on Tebow.
My ability to write essays has actually gotten worse since coming to
we're fighting a battle bigger than books, though I predict a return to simplicity soon :
Wasn't there a Fringe episode about this?
Can you say three hour layover at Laguardia?
Yay!
Thanks for the ambulance!
hehe
bobby I'm 5'3 I'm usually around 140...if 135 is too skinny then I guess someone my height and 160 is perfect huh?!?!
weallhavedatonefriend whose always broke
Just so you know, I'm really bad at getting people out of class
Tuesday Dec.
13thamazing 6 course veg or non veg dinner at Classic Slice.
Only a few reservations!
4142701880
Canned by Canada!
Pacman a No Go Time to Busacap!
love your crops!
can we shoot a story on spec with your designs/styling?
just gave me a crash course on Reddit vs 9GAG, vs something called 4chan.
Ew I feel so nerdy and internety
Later, my man
damm just picked up my cap and gown for graduation
Going to bed!
Excited about learning cool new IT skills for the classroom this week at the ccitis2012 workshop
yea we did this morning but i didnt go
vs Brock Lesner was a very Bloody Bloody Match this was no PG match
Can't begin to explain how thankful I am for the USARMEDFORCES.
God bless each and every service member.
I am forever grateful.
damn slime i called yall niggas phone the otha day
U r so positive that's dope as hell
Tried using doctorpbox for a while.
I like SpringPad better :
Pleasure P  Under
At least we won't be forced to watch that mess Bo Ryan calls an offense.
is so annoying!
I honestly don't know what the point is..
Maana me and are killing it
Alright lawlorffs don't forget to DM us your pics by friday.
Goodnight : xoxo  
plz plz plz we need att unlock very bad!!!!!!
It was like a year ago we were getting you a Dairy Queen ice cream cake for your last day.
You damn interns grow up so fast.
Lotta female photographers out tonight and they've each sorta glanced appraisingly at my camera.
Is this what it's like having boobs?
Attention studs  studettes abroad...the US has now adjusted for daylight saving time.
No more excuses missing the weekly phone home.
I need all my money and a lil' bit of yours...
Say no more it's time....way pass due.
Back in SF?
How do you select the indie brands you represent?
RT Why sports is so valuable: Only 4 of those that watched the GiantsPackers did not watch it live.
Heard from a little birdie you're attending smwwdc  Which events?
Thanks God for blessing me to c other day....
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Crew love 
All right I'll make it now :
But the Lord stood at my side and gave me strength, so that through me the message might be fully proclaimed.
They couldn't stand the tension waiting for the Newbery and Caldecott to be announced.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
360
Wonder how a MiniCooper would look in the doctorveway...
Nah, no room 4 Husband or Puppy.
ExpertVisibilityTip: When talking to reporters, don't fire hose them with your info, find out what THEY need  tailor your info to it.
Candace, you rock.
Because of your support we made it!
Seladore is playing the Hard Rock!
Can hire 5 developers if a bunch of libraries sent  to help fund?
Question time!
Tweet us with a question!
It could be about our members, instruments, anything!
It'll be answered on our LIVE DVD!
thankyaa.
i think i will.
just to talk about it real quickk.
Four Seasons fill the measure of the year; There are four seasons in the mind of man
Not too familiar with Twitter.
How do we start a private conversation.
lol!
MMMMMem'ries light the corners of my mind.
Misty watercolored mem'ries of the way we were
Sweet!
Thanks Gern.
You are a kind, kind man; FF to you as well.
Fuck u and the person who made u
Some people take yolo too seriously.
OMG IM GOING TO doctorNK A WHOLE BOTTLE OF VODKA AND HAVE SEX WITH EVERYONE YOLO  thats the 806 for u.
happy mother's day!
The day I need my itouch charer I don't bring it .
lol.
You can thank for being a guru, an expert, and a genius of perspective.
right?!?
They literally wear the exact same things everyday
well thank you so much for the compliments!
do you have our cd yet?
Cool.
I like the idea that you'll be doing a doctorwing there to sell.
Zien isn't wired up right...geez...
Jam session?!
Hell yes I'm in!
I know it's hard to remember, The people we used to be .
It's even harder to picture, That you're not here next to me
Make sure to check out our article in the Journal Sentinel and stop in to see what the buzz is all about!
: Nay.
It's lots of work to clean them several times a day.
If they get infected, the holes could scar shut and then it's a mess
what's up?
I think flynn is going to the browns.
It's me, the devil!
hahaha girl that would be J's solo episode: The Fantasy
People like to talk about themselves, to themselves...
What are you saying?
NHL.
Starts.
This.
Week.
I love you Sel Gomez you is my life forever
If you are at SXSW find one of those homeless dudes carrying wifi
I'm not sure if I'm up to the task of moving my body off this couch today.
But it's so beautiful out!
Moving, begrudgingly.
Thinking of my PNW friends under tsunami warnings.
I hope it doesn't happen...
: I want more tattoos.me too
yeah!
We just watched the latest community episode, I think you'd like that then too..,
Gotta get a quick workout in before I get my day started
Stand for something.
I've got 99 problems and Family Guy is not one.
Omg bye.
Get out of massachusetts, Im done
I adore the stats and data that come out of
.
I was working!
they gone just me.
sad day lol.
:
Thank you Gwen..You have no idea how much I personally appreciate that you came to our Deli for your birthday.
Happy.
happy birthday
I broke down in tears today but i know starz good though.
I promise u he gucci
I think we've got a bad connection.
eh, story of my life
does that come out at midnight tonight?
....
Don't answer that...
I will just crawl back under the study rock.
Hi , Happy Valentines Day.
Quick question: What year do you think I'll be able to send a text message when it says I have full bars?
would love to hear you thoughts on the best and worst of superbowl commercials...
Looking forward to it!
The Knicks look awful on both ends no defense no chemistry on offense Douglas is beyond bad at pg praying Lin can get some run
Pinterest invite is pending in my inbox.
Given the fanatical devotion it's inspired, I'm a bit nervous to dive in.
Took embarrassingly long to Facebook message my high school English teacherbut I can't let it look like I've failed him, right?
I might attempt it when my mom finishes.
Lol
Yay!
Finally got new jeans...that fit me!
Are you going to the game?!?!
I AM!!
I can't watch the Avengers until I finally see captainin America.
Woah.
Doesn't sound like a fun place.
Been having difficulties?
Shoot an email to .
I have hope that one day you'll read my tweet!
I know someday you'll know of my existence hahaha, Te amo mucho!
xx
I'm so out of the loop...
I'm a straight line.
Even though I berly talk to anymore, its nice knowing he still cares.
I can tell this niggga errthing.
So many activities tonight.
Muahah Partners in crime.
Thx for spreading the news !
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your Ck in her mouth
Every time I read yet another article about the TSA it just makes me angry.
I wont bother linking to any but breaking a girl's insulin pump?
Wonderful to meet all the applicants in LA this week!
For a great lawn this year make sure to aerate and fertilize your lawn.
Try a 1688 Fertilizer for great results.
My bad, I'm great love, how about yourself
In Santa Fe for an important shoot.
I got here 4 hours before the time.
Yes, it's like Christmas for me.
Hi Rachel!
lol sorry for the phone traffic!!
:
A HUGE thank you to ComcastSpectacor for all the tix and for providing the space for tonight's
yep!
lmao i have to see this
SO SAY HELLO TO FALSETTO IN 3 2 SWAG
Patriots, patriots, patriots!3
Going to The Lob to celebrate being a single mom to two cute dogs.
would approve.
although i love all my characters i would die to play a specific one
To everyone planning on coming to our show with , the show has been postponed to a later date.
Your tickets will STILL be honored.
At BD Courts bro !
awesome!
Good luck!!
:
Pitcher  Pie day.
Coors Lt or soda pitcher  18 one topping pizza for 22.95...a great way to cheer on the Steelers with us!!!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO!
:D
Nay would be proud
Being true to yourself really means being true to all the complexities of the human spirit.
Rita Dove
not the fans
now the weight has lifted, love has finally shifted my way
Best Smasher at the ballpark, IMO.
Giving away my love child :
we gotta love Maria he is interesting lol
I'm pissed so many people are in need of work and the powers that B R sitting back watching them go hungry that sucks america the shameless
Everybody who say they stand out stand in .I peep shit
Yes!!!!!!
So excited
Mary Quattlebaum's picture book Pirate vs.
Pirate was selected by ALA for the Amelia Bloomer list for books about strong girls and women!
HI there.
Thank you.
: Glad you had a great weekend!
Blesisngs
Natella and pretzels and a gloomy day:
A tip of my chapeau to , with appreciation 4 pointing out trails worth exploring.
you got all night :
Anyone interested in a lateral move?
Looking for candidates w/Chinese language skills.
Attorney positions in NY, HK, and
Dear Outlaw, Yes.
You have rhythm.
You're a mover and a shaker.
But really, must you go through this routine EVERY morning?
Also not following anybody else first .
Ever .
SchoolBoy Q and Kendoctorck Lamar is the only rap I've been listening to lately.
Jesus Love Me!
MHCCIM: Want more followers?
Email me low res, with credit, version of your image from Halloween and Sports and ill feature u on my FB!
did you know that I love you?
3 Well now you do :
Where's the penalty on Torres this is bullshit IS A JOKE
By the time it was cooked in spaghetti, tacos and chili...
you hardly could taste it.
And yes I'd eat about anything.
if boom had twitter that's what he would tweet
we're docked, waiting...
Everyone in the RGV in wedding services badly needs new websites.
I want to just book everything via email and web UGH
righteously annoyed that all toothpaste's have same active ingredient and that twitter has a search limit...
its the little things in life
O's come back falls a half step short!
However, there is a clear difference in this team and the atmosphere in Camden Yards this year!Go O's
Basic things which are carried over from the average relationship.
But aside from that, idk.
marriage is what you make it.
WHATS GOOD!
just ate almost a whole pizza to myself but luckily will run 8 miles tomorrow so i think i might just be alright.
Dude, amazing concert that was one of my fav concert memories of all time.
Sweated so much it was like we went swimming.
RIP
RT If you're in Chicago, you should be where I am.
ExploreFultonMarket in Chicago's West Loop 1015 W.
Fulton Market 125pm
I have been working  I'm back in GA too baby daddy lol.
We need to kick it I miss you dude !
If u think it's hot in NYC, wait till u c us on Monday nite  it's goin' 2 b sizzling!
congratulations!
Its a great app.
Did you know beer is the 2nd most popular doctornk in the world, coming in behind tea?
Thanks 500 SFK!
The Reese Boyd Project had a lot of fun performing again this year!
You all do such a jam up job!
: 
Looking forward to the speakers:
Let's get this money, Then make it stack .
Kick the tires and lite the fires it is time to blast off!
At American Girl multidepts plan promos; individual owner does reporting.
Nice combo of group and individual responsibility.
why does everyone hate him?
Rainy days make me sleepy..
I want a doctoradLock xD RASTA , but my mom don't let me do it...
Snap!
Now we know that the rapture is happening this year, because we can't have a New Year's without DickClark.
Rest in peace, good man.
exactly!
That's what really bothers me.
We're now supporting fear by depriving our childoctorn rather than teaching them moderation.
Ah
Apparently the computers are rising up and taking over here at the Ocho...
i like my lion hair alot now
RT : Nice meeting with you a well, but who is the expert : I am but a novice...so must be you!
My bestfriend  left me when i needed her.
2 strangers helped me.
I dont even know how to feel.
Ok I was halfway keepin it together until whitney's brother just broke down!!
Ooh Lord!
I'm done.
Goin to,wash dishes  watch a comedy!!
Jeremy Lin is dominating my fantasy basketball league
Stone is always a great option for outdoors.
RT misterGrip
RT and the straw has a big diameter so you can suck the balls through it.
I don't understand why math is so easy in class then I get my homework and i can't do any of it
i cry every time i see lion king.
i'm 18.
Scar is a jackass.
Oh the weather outside is frightful, But the fire is so delightful, And since we've no place to go, Let it ....?
I will be up late this weekend working on our Amicus is support of Judge Nash.
In the city cruising, reminiscing on when oomf  I use to take our road trips lol goodtimes  now we don't even speak :
None ought to govern who is not better than the governed
i love when i see people who i adore but havent seen in years.
it just makes my day
Whoo!
U go girl :
Fantastic!
The space looks great.
Glad they work there.
All the best  DoL
Isn't that a roadoctornner?
I can recite every line of 3030 haha.
we need to get that on tape next time you guys are out here!
Every once in a while, Obama pulls a bad ass move.
I miss the old band from free credit score .com these new guys suck :
OMG i love your background :D 3
Mikos!!!
What's up!
Hope all is well
If you dont know who is,YOU NEED 2 GETWITHIT.I DONT CARE IF YOU HEARD OF THEM AND DONT LIKE THEIR Music U STILL NEED 2
I find myself saying that's horrifying a lot more...thanks
Do you do any work in charlotte nc
tomorrow I must write...review, tweet, and put more effort in the review than the tweet...
Porn.
That is all.
20FactsAboutMe I can't stand when people call girls who wear makeup fake.
That's not fake.
It's how they make themselves feel confident.
Just doctorve through a giant bee swarm outside my office.
Glad I had the windows rolled up.
Denver Based Feature Film Colfax  15th Official twitter.
Stay tuned for updates on screenings, festival dates, tour info and more!
RT : You can do it if you believe you can!
Napoleon Hill quote life RT
following please add me !!Please
Don't go where the path may lead, but go where there is no path and blaze a trail!!
doctor Alex Olwal says he sees a shift from multitouch devices.
Styluses are coming back!
yes I did but I resisted :
unacceptable.
you should be watching us all the time!!
p.s.
we even gave your paper a shoutout for helping us with the new info
Shine On You Crazy Diamond : Fave pinkFloyd song goodmorning I have zero intentions of leaving my bed today.
PROMISED LAND looking for male extras ages 3060!
Full availability May 23 25 submit: via the
This is like a football coaching tour de force.
doctorving through Tuscaloosa, AL home of another great, Bear Bryant.
probably checking if elbow by gasser was malicious or not.
badgers beating illinois 6250 w/ 1:27 remaining
everyone that r laker fans r fake.Bet anything that if kobe got traded they would be like go Dallas.Ppl follow rings
Ah I'm sleepy :
It feel food out tho.
hahaha, i thought your name sounded familiar.
That so cool.
:D
Welcome to SMCHI!
We will send you an email shortly with the details, can you DM me your email?
Started working on the fifth song.
It's really hardcore.
After this song is done.
We have to record two songs and the Ep will be done
Everybody doesn't know your doctorams.
Everybody don't know your hustle.
All they gonna see is the results, so its on YOU!
Looking forward to it!
Im coming!!!!!
Omg sing SaySomethin PLEASE ITS MY SUMMER SONG 
I think a lot of professor work outside their LMS, like you do.
People want flexibility, which every LMS tends to eliminate.
How can we learn to stand,if we never fall?
Make sure ur contact reports r acceptable 4 a wide audience could the donor read it?
What if it were read in court?
apra va
Snacks!
Snacks!
Snacks!
You are going to love the freshman 15.
My I feel like crap status update.
Want a steamtuesday?
How about events  showrunners?
...
i have so many ideas sorry I can not tell U
It's okay...I wish I was at Martin:
Just passed through a little while ago.
wordstolike: fond, courage, majestic.
Delighted to hear George Takei speak at pcaaca!
Great openning statement ....
perfect tone, measured, on point, and compassionate.
3023537898
no worries, twas lotsofun.
We'll be doin SF again end of July ;
Might be heading to the Boneyard
It's raining :
RT : 2 great album releases today!
Marilyn Manson's 'Born Villain'  Hurt's 'The Crux'!
Make sure to catch Manson here on 5/19...
I think I might be about to provide navigational tech support
yeah...
Been a while...
Good times though : cant wait for your London 2012 olympic games coverage.
So gonna rock...
you're welcome
Don't get through life by following the crowd.
Change the meaning of life by going the opposite direction.
Where is Marley's family?
We have had this black lab since Nov!
Spread the word about this great pup, here is her adoption flyer:...
should follow me and :
better odds?
beavs win civil war football this year or Blazers keep Oden for more than 1 more year?
can u make a tinychat?
hugs
2007 after serving 35 years of a 53year sentence for attempted murder.
It's my birthday today gimme some love!!!!!
I think meek is the best in mmg shrugs
: follow my new account
puts on party hat going out tonight, bitches.
I was suppose to be at work at 8.
And I'm still not there.
In Charlotte North CArolina getting ready to take off again.
Heading to the big apple
i do not like that class :
RT : An amazing person, , taking an incredible journey thru the Rockies 4 a worthy cause  trailer: http:/ ...
What makes for the best marketing proposal when selling technology?
LET US ENTERTAIN YOU!!
Band booking inquires contact
IN FCKING LOVE BOYFRIEND CAN WE JUST GET MARRIED, OH MY I LOVE YOU BIEBER!
And what is the verdict?
The excitement I feel about playing NHL 2012 this weekend is the same excitement I'd imagine parents feel having their first child
we can.
Best to email us
you and me both.
I dunno if I could handle it, but it needs to happen!
Former Indianapolis Colts GM Chris Polian Heading to Atlanta Falcons: Fan Reaction  Yahoo!
Sports
haha yup!
I'm still laughing about it ;
High respect for former Brewers IF/OF for familyfirst decision to forego a A contract with team with a 100 road schedule.
Exciting new startup founded with Georgetown interns called Check them out  learn how to save energy and money in your home.
Deck the halls with boughs of holly!!
Happiness is often the result of being too busy to be miserable.
RT : I am an allower!
Did the first vortex meditation this morning.
AWESOME.
What is an allower?
RT I join pres Obama in congratulating the ppl of Tunisia on their historic 1st elections.
Inspiringbut misterwrk to do
The guy Michael in Grease 2 
Rulactant Yuppies Are In!
vitaminwater Uncaps Wale, G40 Art Exhibit; Kicks Off MonthLong Series Of Events With BYT  Art Whino!
Revamp
Love the website and student involvement on the blog.
May we suggest you take a look at us?
Then to keep the great twitter karma balance in place  Thank goodness it is football season!
:
Finished bringing in postgame sound on Lin.
Focusing on other games now, like the end of Ohio State/Minnesota and Hawks/Lakers.
i'm unfamiliar with that comeback.
is that some of your old man speak?
Congrats Cutting Edgers!
Being excluded is not always a bad thing.
Sometimes it means you won't fit in the wrong crowds :D
So your running around, telling lies just so you can get another guy?
and only 1 day until mine!
I can see your desire for the 'stache is great
It was a great class!
LOVED IT!
So inspiring and can't wait to go again with you!
On the air for another hour, then I'm ready to enjoy the weekend with thousands of you at Miller Park for tonight's Brewers game!
: Getting up early to go slay some trout!
eeewwwwwww doctoreewwwwwww
Just finished typing my report..
I had about 1 week to do it but I did it 2 days before school starts off after spring break..
providence RI new career center lifted up by Brenda DannMessier as Career and Tech Ed center of excellence.
Woot woot.
S/O to Avery Sunshine and Promoters of NeoSoul Tuesdays  Fox Hollow.
Nice set.
Great crowd.
Fantastic Singing!!!
room for one more?
Today reflecting how sorry I am for how I treated my mom as aspie teenager she says she doesn't remember.
That is what we do as moms.
Come to the Ale House tonight!!!
hey how r u?
: Lakers come back to win the series in 7!!!
BOOM!!!
LOL you're a funny guy Kevin.
BOOM
I never knew half the people in my life right now would be there, but I'm glad they are
Just past through Groit.
: Here's to the girls who can walk in heels.
5 inch platform stilettos :
Why is every disagreement a war and every anomalous event an armageddon?
How about some perspective?
I wake up early on Sundays for
We're up for helping put up posters for the upcoming bake sale!
We just get them from ?
preparing a presentation for Madison Episcopalians: Episcopal Church: Mission, Structure and Budget.
Any Advice?
thank for RT
I am so anxious for tomorrow..
watch the best journalist of france I listen his name everywhere I go I have read his tweet is very interesting I love him..!!
I love can't wait for teenwolf to come back and the hosting of NYE with in
still early but I don't think their pitching can hack it I was worried about hanley but guillen I'd the early problem
I've been using it at work for a year and a half.
I've gotten used to its quirks.
Definitely not an ideal tool for email/cal
I'm inappropriatly excited that I became the mayor of on
Life is a bitch, but I appreciate her.
Ha ha!
Yes, the important question.
RT : OK, on to bigger questions: Will the Brewers be the same without Yuniesky Betancourt?
full band practice
Hahahahaha that's really cute ;
Thanks for watching man!
Enjoy the fights.
good luck tomorrow...smash the Rays
Sounds great!
Will do.
:
IM Pro v6.2.1 Andoctorid Apk App Download  Mobile ...
If San Jose State beats Stanford tonight.
I will streak across my neighborhood.
That's how confident I am that Stanford will win.
love the male hug
Great report.
Thank you!
It is important that this information circulates.
As schools say: To and through college!
MT : Packers legend Bart Starr will be grand marshall for the April 1 IndyCar race at Barber Motorsports Park in Alabama.

Patience ..
Only the Strong Survive
Save our
New computer means new installation of TweetDeck, which Twitter is aparently in the process of morphing into a stinking pile of excrement.
When I was little I doctorpped a piece of garbage down our air vent.
We found it after 10 years....
Can't wait to see you!
RT : Thats it for tonight.
Thanks for joining us and well see you next wk 4 a new marriagechat Wed.
at 9PM EST
he's a player but i want to be the one who makes him take off that jersey and quit the game3
I'm definately going to wear a scary costume for halloween.
Right now i am leaning towards
Had to get out my climbing shoes to get through my living room.
So.
Many.
Boxes.
Hawaiian Poke Bowl wants to feed you The Food Of Champions!!!
what are the districts?
Providing IT services to Doctors, Physicians and clinics.
So who's just starting their Holiday shopping and who's finished?
Today, I am getting a lot of mine done at Charlottesville City Market!
A nice lazy Sunday for now, then it's game one of our basketball league!
Me: You Only Live Once!
YOLO God: Challenge excepted.
Where are my fellow BWELA?
:
they could've bro but it come down to playing catch up as veteran teams I feel neither team should b losing in the 4th
/// I'm kinda upset that T3 didn't put the Hello World joint on his 3illa Madness mixtape.
so fun!
I'm jealous.
Ready to step up to the plate, but scared as hell.
dood it's gotta be risewithusellen, it says everything
Type your question and I shall type an answer.
There we go Brewers!
what's up man?
What's your email?
I have a question for you
Doing shit for my parents suck
4.
Include links to other URIs so that they can discover more.
Thx!
So probably not an allday shoe, but works for slip on, on the run?
lol I will think of you whenever I have a skirt catch moment!
wow  awful...
Rather hear jenny dell all night and she is like a robot, liner jock
bring it tommorow
You effing rock.
God Hates Us.
Just think about it , no school , summer swimming and my friends party .
xD
Marcum vs.
Lincecum tonight!
Early season Cy Young award showdown.
Be there!
this cool where u from
Lando and Han dueling it out to Canned Heat just made my night.
12 HP between the three of us.
Not looking good.
Omg I just woke up..
RIP Richard Ketchum.
He wrote great stuff about Bunker Hill and Saratoga and other Revolutionary War battles and about Vermont.
Keeping my fingers crossed on this Spectrum/Sonic Boom CD auction on eBay.
Almost to the 24hour mark.
well, we sent you the email...
will we ever get a response?
A ugly confident women
Good StPatricksDay party at Claddaugh, but cover plus few doctornk specials?
Not cool.
Dont forget to mention the 1000 unemployed that can never be hired because the capital to invest in it went to taxes instead.
Watching Ministry Of Love pLay c:
Home projects better than homework
That apology means a lot.
Thank you.
Looking for Milwaukee businesses to share Social Media, SEO, SEM and Blogging Success stories.
I'm so bummed out :
ArtFact: When Frida Kahlo was 6 years old she had polio.
The disease made her right leg thinner than her left leg.
big fan, have about 4 wrap doctorsses that always look great, regardless...
Bring the Art!
jelz.
But too exhausted to go.
great interview
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley
ME TO
GifBoom is so cool
Just thought I would point that out even though I live on the other side of the country from you.
:
// but here's the kicker about Cane  Abel, sometimes God doesn't want the fruit of our labor as much as
I did wear the purple shirt with a blazer jacket and business pants to court today thanks to : see my shirt went to good use!
Haha
works for me...
People just need to start following me...I have all the insider news...
Asking the tough questions, like: does the open access model marginalize academic libraries?
Piff is about to pop out babies and bitch is acting needy my animals are doctorving me crazy
When a man can make homemade chicken strips taste like heaven,u betta hold on to him!theway2awomansheart.
Um just sayin
Thanks, Dawn!:
not sure if u were watching the same play.
Can't talk shit one min then say its clean.
Better than i thot.
RT When Angry Birds is played by an orchestra, the result is a Tim Burton/Danny Elfman production:
lockupyourdaughters I'm the James Dean of the undead, the Kobe Bryant of biting necks, and Nicholas Sparks of telling truthful lies.
VirtualAssistants  who are your ideal clients?
you lare in kansas, dangit!
kansas!
Haha knowing your affinity for baseball I swear the tail part looks like A.
Your signature is only a step away from the big leagues
Marine Corps Marathon sold out in 2 hours and 41 minutes.
And I'm one of the lucky 30000 entrants.
I better not screw this one up.
Legal vs Moral, big difference.
He calls police, no kid is hurt after that.
Commitment leads to action.
Action brings your doctoram closer.
The only way to move Wisconsin Forward is for each resident to Step Ahead, get to the polls and VOTE!
Interesting fact: Nicholas Sparks not only attended Notre Dame on a track scholarship, he also set a school record in the 4x800m relay.
when did that come out?
Go for it!
:D
Thank you so much!
RT : I so love ur hair salon.
I had to like ur FB page
: Best in Show New Product Show Natural Pet award Ware Manufacturing's Hyacinth  Jute Bungalow Balconies.
I Get Along With The Best People's Who's Names Starts With T's.
I can floss my teeth without using my hands.
My brother is the most annoying bitch I've ever met ,
has only mentioned wiunion in passing on his shows during protests.
He's been a real disappointment.
A man just asked me if we are gonna have snicky snacky night tonight.
Hey Greenwood Public Library, how about a preemptive call off for tomorrow?
It's what the cool kids are doing.
the job?
BLAP working on reality show deal with MTV....
im hungry
who is this?
Every man's doctoram is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands
Hamburgers for lunch ?
:P
: Psssssssst.
Delete your twitter I'd guess that this may be detrimental to you and your being...
Am I not correct???
Previous offer of Jason Bay turned down.
NYT NEWS ALERT: Mets Owners Settle Suit Brought Against Them by Madoff Trustee for 162 Million
Thanks to volunteers who turned out Sat to plant trees.
Our next planting is Apr 28.
Help needed please contact
is it still too late to PreOrder Timescapes?
Looking forward to the release of it soon.

Taste My Butt
so I guess I will cook tomorrow.
my hair took longer than excepted
Went for a 3 mile walk with my friend.
I'm feeling good!!!!
:
Get on Yelp!
From
yes!!!!
You should, you would love it :
thanks, I'll check it out.
hahaha.
Made me smile 
Seven years ago this hour my baby arrived by emergency csection at St.
Luke's in Houston.
Breaking News Be sure to watch CNN Thursday February 9th 12 Noon EST feature segment
Watching YouTube videos all night
Finally..
Refreshed
It's all about the cheese.
Pepperjack.
Aged Cheddar.
Baby Swiss.
Buttermilk Blue.
What's your fav?
Gourmet News covering Buyer's Best Friend  awesome story: provides additional channel for producers, brokers and buyers....
Thanks for the follow Mike!
How are the TPLauncher sales doing?
RT : Never let anyone discourage you from doing what you love!!
There's nothing better then doing what people say you cannot do
Theres nothing like waking up 4am to do a job anyone can do.
Life's a bitch, and then you die.
That's why we get high.
Cause you'll never know when you're gonna go.
wee really reall real do
If I get to eat Cookies off ur Boobs...I'm out the door now!!
What kind of work do you do with RAINN?
good luck :D you need it :b
SECTION 105 baby!!!
Sixx's side.
That's right!!!
Be jealous.
Uncontrollable exxcitement!!!
Must've been all those mimosas yesterday that caused my TalladegaNights typo.
it's just like a fan twitter for them
this episode has one of the best SATC lines ever: i hav been dating since i was fifteen.
i am exhausted.
where IS he????
buckCAW!
Gobble gobble
Still got dem Gator Andouille Sausages!
Shake shake hahaha
adding brazil to the time zones i'm keeping track of
hate when that happens!
Shorter hashtag  more speech!
Gearing up for game day in Madison with my parents and sister.
Let's hope the rain stays away.
Go Badgers!
iPlayer for US yet?
mouth is already starting to water!
dont rub it in cuz i already have a wave of guilt passin over me lol

What makes you think I was talking about you?
: I just want some progress in progressive now and then.
Its true, but I'll take it.
Its also somewhat comforting to see them alive in a doctoram than none at all...
that's cryptic or maybe Klingon
cc: would love to C demonstration booths  Malls Recognizing anaphylaxis, How to use Epipen, signs of FAs, type of thing!
i haven't gotten one text!
Text me if your down !
oh my God this is fantastic.
I didn't see the line!!
The line's never there!!
x
I wish I could but I have plans with the school and my dad tonight!
,:
aren't we all?
WE LIKE DANCING!
Wow.
Um...
I mean wow...
Really.
I'm flattered so many people jumped on the Third Person Twittertrail today.
Ty to all of you.
:
there are a few other boutiquey ones but I haven't ever stayed.
hey, I hope recovery is going well :
I took someone pictures but deleted it since I needed space on my disk and duh the person just called me to asked about the pics lmao
Where the feeling of neglect can be oh so strong.
Its a lot of men here at Eden lounge.
Who should I choose?
Good looking guys too!!
Ladies, Smh.
Yep.
I suppose I succeeded...GRS a week ago.
Speak Up 2011: Teachers say technology w/in instruction helps students develop creativity, critical thinking  problem solving skills
Well then I better get on the hard living ASAP!
Pass the meth and the hookers and the pit bulls please
24 hours of A Christmas Story!!!!
this broke my stelena heart :'
Thanks!
And I'm here for you!
ANYTIME.
so don't be afraid to ask!
Congtratulations to Randy Ellision  please send me your addoctorss and bait styles and colors you would and your gift ships tomorrow!
Kevin
the one cool thing about having a raspy sick voice: i can sing HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!
OOOoohOoohOOoohhh like Sia
Bama tops Gators to win the 2012 SEC softball tournament championship.
happy birthday Julian : hope your day is amazing as you are 3 i love you
Hope everyone has a fun and safe Friday night!
OK.
I have to stop being distracted by anything and actually study, fuck off everything
Cups of the rozay,bitches in my old phone
Met with our Sound Editor today, Marika Tjelios.
She has a big job to do, but there is no doubt she is up to the task.
A true indie.
He's probably going to ask for his release anyways.
: Brandon Inge hitless in five atbats, celebrates first win with Oakland
Coconut water tastes absolutely foul...but it hydoctortes like magic.
After skiing  surfing now it's time 4 soccer  Fitness competitions!!
National  tournament n WBFF competitions in my mind!!
Kobayashi Maru, when will you finally end?
I should have done what captainin Kirk did.
P.S.
If you are not a trekie this will make no sense
I'll see you when the sun sets.
Friday Night Lights, one of the best finales to a series ever!
I now officially understand yours and 's relationship.
Watching a movie school tomorrow I love school not I need more followers follow me an I will follow uu
The remaining work to finish in order to reach your goal increases as the deadline approaches...
Very good, great voice!!
Still waiting: RenewTheGates campaign successful?
I say renew it as new media only; new show in TV time slot; ABC could make twice the .
ahahaha : thank you
I know homie they were playing hella sloppy af but nxt game they will do better tho
Bored AF at work
Good Saturday morning!
Today, take time to start organizing your receipts!
Tax filing deadline is April 17th!
: Thanks for the follow Kate!
WOOT!!!!
Kg
That was a real nice try.
Maybe next time.
CATS
Looking for energetic volunteers!
Have your loved one staff a water station to cheer you as you run by!
monumentalmarathon.com
Thanks for a great Sunday at the beach playing volleyball with my friends.
I look like a burned chicken after spending 4 hours at the beach.
Now will I praise the LORD.Genesis 29:35
2000s hip hop on pandora
Thank you!
RT : Good to have fellow saxophonist aboard!
Checking out your album Momentum!
Really nice.
LMAO, I know right!
What you'en seen?
If I see somebody else watching a twerk video....
Thank you.
I finally got to go outside!!!
I never ever lie ;
and you call yourself a Bears fan.
Where are u now?
On a treadmill?
What's your best strategy for Gears of War 3: Horde mode?
love the twitter name.
Brian Wilson fan?
Ok no problem..sorry for me having a sense of humor
Warning tho  pic was taken back when I had my porn star mustache
.
its not jordyn.
I didnt even mean thaT.
Lmao.
Im over juston
Super cool that Twitter takes foreign language characters.
See past posts in Russian  Chinese.
Vietnamese still to come.
I most certainly am!
RT Chuck Norris 101 A carton of orange juice concentrates on Chuck Norris.
Wow cleveland can't make a free throw!
Memphis wins.......
illuminati song, I would want to get signed to atlantic it seems that you have quite some freedom on their label
Autopilot engaged, screaming back towards God's country.
You're offering?
It's at 1:05?
Giving thanks to meteorological systems which give us one more round of snow.
Hoping this wont be the last of it.
Robby really hurted my heart when she talked about my child today I wanted to cut her throat.
we are pumped have you rocking
So true !
Thank goodness for caution.
It is such an important part of our survival.
Now learning about
yea i bumped into her earlier
Up and  'em folks!
Day 2 n Chi, ready to get my knowledge on!
The most popular response to the launch of Google doctorve thus far has been listening to Incubus  Make Yourself.
Kian, are you still awake ?
:
Instead of writing on twitter and Facebook how much you love God how bout you show it in the way you act and carry yourself each day.
Just like there is more rap than club songs, women and instrumentation consisting of cheap synths and 808s
Even I'm tired of this  but STILL watching  I promise, decisions are coming.....
It's weak to whine about being a victim.
Counter productive.
Redirect that energy into creating a business or finding a job.
waiting for school to start
you stand by your dickpic
California lemons.
Call that some California lemonade.
My head is killing me
Thanks, Joy!
You rock!
i was walking by your house today and i think you were outside!
lol
who is he
Then again, mabye I just sucked
Nebraska Travel quote Yeah, we got nothing!
Take a few days at the end of each day to connect with your childoctorn with a hug, a smile, a song, or a few minutes of listening and talking.
thanks for the rt!
:
...
Because I wanted to start a band type thing!
la roux needs a new album stat!!!
Give it to Rangers.
I hear they are a bit tight on cash right now.
Thanks for the Happy Mother's Day wish!
:
oh yeah..
i remember you
Rosalind Franklin will never get her due credit for DNA, though what she did was incontrovertible and originating.
Speaking of which, someone recently who told me that some Michiganders find that term offensive.
What?
Cup of coffee
Amongst other things.
niggas beefing ?
that's cool , just give me mine w/ some red wine .
Listening 2 political tlk radio wndoctorng when US became a radical religious country It's not abt rlgn give me freedomleave me the fuck alone
Catherine Zeta Jones, she dips beneath lasers.
sings
afterwards we're having an altar call, bonfire and baptism for conversions, rededications and for those leaving dispensationalism
all those cops look like zimmerman too.
Is there not Burn Notice or Royal Pains reruns they could use that hour for?
If you're truly religious you treat this, like any other death, with grace.
My Lead System PRO is one heck of a system!
: I'm Ready For This Streak of Bad Luck with Girls to End!!
smh ialwayschoosethehoes sounds like a personal problem..
You talk to much.
Shut up!
Man all my Laker fans, let's take a knee and say a prayer that Bynum makes it
wat city is that in
sweet tea never lasts long in my house.
I should really go to bed now!
I want to see how someone's font came out though since I didn't get to do it.
If you're so inclined, send a screenshot?
thx!
How can people steal your Christmas decorations out of your front yard?
Coal for you bastards!
Santa knows who you are!!
To the barrel of crackers we must go.
CWcon CWonline folks, check yer email: get an abstract ready for the 10th if you want a critique in the Collaborative Grant space...
A little national love via : Join SMC Madison jinglemingle tonight at Madison Club  connect w/ 4 more details.
And then ask for her number.
OH two girls playing a fortune telling game: you are going to be...
a famous dancer!
oh...
great.
Gotta watch
Ending on this K.R.I.T.
Mixtape...now to The Weeknd
About to go spin at the Penthouse of the Huntley Hotel, Santa Monica for graduation party
Keep talking shit on twitter hon that will totally work
Wow, thanks!
Let us know if we can help you find anything!
RT What an awesome resource!
You guys are great.
MB, you've got me stressed out now.
I was just at the level of should I stop shaving my legs?.
It's Ginger Day at the coffee shop.
Apparently, we all got the secret memo.
I found that deactivating my account for a week was very productive.
I was able to concentrate more n get things done.
I wanna do it again.
THINK LIKE A MAN.....
FUNNIEST MOVIE EVER!!!
We are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine.
hahaha so true !!
hey followback?
I'm a singer on youtube Dylan Collins told me about you guys
CeCe is remarkable!
Reminds mean alot of Whitney!
Annoying bitches!
naturally dapper.: like a samba
see if Sklars can set the record for most uses of the word besmirch in one half hour show while discussing the Saints
soaked fuck my life
Deliverance just came on.
What are the chances it's the unedited version?
I want to hear Ned Beatty squeal like a pig.
Bookkeeping Tip: A flat cash payment to employees to buy their own health insurance is taxable income to the employee.
If you're worried because I didn't get you an Xmas gift, let me put your mind at ease.
I'm fine.
Is Birthday Cake gonna be a single or?
Ill stick with my T Nation Surge Recovery.
yah, on Twitter.
But not on Tumblr.
I mean, go see for yourself, XD
A kick in the balls is above 9000 del of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3200 bones at a time!
2,015,551 is my new favorite number!
:D I finally reached it!!
No kidding.
And some sources would be nice, too...
4 and a half hours of sleep, and onto my last day at Project Twenty1.
Hello how are you been Doing?
You can even get them to override the PD measurement if you ask repeatedly.
Warby Parker did for me.
Rock bottom is a solid foundation on which to rebuild your life
Being tall has ups an downs.
Biggest down is probably hitting your head on a fan when it's turned on
Love the Amini Silatolu pick for Panthers.
With him and Luke Kuechly, they have two mean dudes for offense and defense.
Why were the vets and pounds mad?It was raining cats and dogs
I get more head than shampoo.
Yes, there is.
There is also the fact that the better your internal comms the better your external comms.
Al boils down to
Never wonder where proprietary bloatwear comes from: we don't need that.
Yeah, bit we might....
someday...
like two skinny fries chasing ketchup first time I ever heard that.
LMAO.
hey is anyone online???
please reply if so !!!!!!!
ans say hey .
: DeJuan is getting loose.
We're going to see some RhinoBlair matchups.
Going to the store at 9:15 pm to get ingredients for waffles...who am I?
best indian food in town??
No bitch, you can't
Tonight is the premiere of 's KAyLien we couldn't be more excited!
Per our recent exchange abt domestic violence: many abusers were themselves abused.
Another sad, strange fact of life.
We are currently smoging a 02 Bmw M3 nice!!!
A small but very quick car.
We love Beemers...
Did Nicki buy Ben a 10 gallon hat to take his mind off of her 20 gallon ass?
Loving life.
Getting better by the day!
Lol!
Definitely going to slow down or else I won't make it through the night.
Did a lot of people unsubscribe or something?
I liked the first email!
thanks for playing my song yall rockk
n NYC at PioPio..great restaurant..working on my time out..make sure you are taking yours..
Hahah.
I'm the exact same way.
Exact same way.
I watched online!
Great!!
I hope you were able to see the comments on the online feed!
Awesome!!
You can tell the humidity's really low.
Went for a walk pushing the stroller and not really sweaty!
sure you are sugar.
Let your team prove it, done talking about actual facts I see?
Red Bell Peppers Stuffed with Brown Rice, Chipotle Chicken, Roast Tomatoes.......
Lakers need to dump Bynum, the guy just flat out stopped playing the last 7 minutes, 16 point lead blown because of mainly Bynum
I'm in.
Is paying?
We're listening to your podcast on evolution and creation in my class next week.
Happy Friday!!
TGIMFF
Joe Johnson got an MVP vote this year.
J.R.
Smith got a sixth man vote this year.
Stephen Jackson got an MVP vote two years ago.
if I saw an ad for a sporty maroon Honda Civic on Facebook, I'd buy on the spot
12 hour doctorve..commence!
It was good catching up last night.
It made me feel a whole lot better that I wasnt forgotten.
no worries!
I can tell from your FB page that you've been a busy woman!
:
John Oliver sighting at the MLK memorial!
Neato.
Visit the Libraries' table at the Student Involvement Fair today on the Oval until 4 p.m.
Today is not my day!
Thanks for the follow!
We look forward to tweeting with you!
I WANT ONE:
Thanks for the great tweets
Wooohooi!!
Thanks mama!!
same people who thought the first Alabama v LSU game was boring.
Happy Monday All Lets Make it a Great Week!!!!
Wow!
Way to go VCU!
Congrats!
We have openings Mon  Wed of this week.
Let's kick the recovery up a few notches!
:
Its fine tho.
I see how it is.
congrats just heard about it!
Like the books idea :
Good luck!
We're here for HCG support if u need us.
Just tweet us questions, concerns, etc!
: RT starting HCG tomorrow
Mitt Romney is currently speaking at Liberty University, an Evangelical college that teaches Mormonism is a cult.
Mitt Romney is Mormon.
Don't change to please someone else, change because you know it makes you a better person.
It depends on the mood...Mixologists usually have great advice for us.
It's Summer so we like doctornks with cucumber!
everybody follow my fellow sneaker head!
Yea it is.
Follow me so i can send u my direct number
Barry Sanders RT Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?
Haha indeed!
I have been slacking on my political tweet rants lately, but you'll see them again :
Lucky indeed!
i swear that everything will be alright.
Just called Willow Phillip.
Have called her Olive a few times these 3 weeks, too.
Almost named her Pippa or Casey.
Now that any moron can b 'famous', it doesn't interest me as much.
Happy to be a few from 15 years getting paid to do what I love!
Type do a barrel roll in google search, ha
monica singin the NationalAnthem Here we go
Duly noted!
Nice!
What's the time difference there?
Saints got robbed with that TD!
What's with it with the refs?
Criminal defense is a lethal game of chess and I am a grandmaster...
Oh Skip Bayless just went racial over the Redskins QBs
Oh yeah, love that show.
Just hate when its in DeKalb and see familiar places...Could say the same of The Wire though
Had to get back to the restaurant, so the wheels didn't come off.
Hope to talk shop with you sometime.
Love to be on your show
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
Fitness Tip: Don't Give it All Back while Away  That vacation you've been planning or the business trip you can't get out of can...
Answering some ADD/ADHD related questions at addforums
sweet doctorams peeps:
Is she moving here?
Chronicle looks like a good ass movie.
Just remember when you're not working on your craft to get better there is always someone out there trying to get what you want
i don't have school tomorrow either!
I'm making good progress on the redesign of the site.
I hope to get a functional system up soon.
Stay tuned!
It's the sixth inning and has deployed weaponsgrade puns.
A terrific lineup of visiting media scholars arrives soon for a critical walk through of the iMAP showcase.
Very curious!
Cool.
Ya all bowling places turn disco lights and have music on at 9:00
a big happy bday shout to one of my favorite people ever!
Much love!
That's cool, but you're not American.
No one told me I'd have to WALK up the escalator  I want a REFUND!
Hugh's comments on Kellen Moore are racist.
See how easy that is?!
I know, but he's back!
As in, now there will be a new album, following with a tour then a chance to MEET him.
omg
Greetings from New Orleans, and many thanks for the follow!
HEY SARA
: Big thank you to for visiting the site and bringing us water.
My pleasure!
I thank God upon waking as a matter of habit and I try to remember every day and at every moment as a matter of practice.
SR
damn right!
Thanks babuh!
I'm from britain hbu?
Thank you, Kimya, for the broadcast.
I sent Allen Callaci good thoughts.
My favorite singer ever  the sweetest man ever.
I make take you up on it lol
firstly, did that just happen to you??
Secondly, im in the arrow hood all summer !!!
Can you say risky business?!?
blow me pussy 33
yes sir
I'm over the ups and downs.
one goal changes everything
That's it.
We'll have to settle this NOW.
I'll get the car.
I have a crazy ass life .
Well hit us up, haha!
yeee it was good af love the music
There's always enough sunshine for everybody :
Ok the mall smells like sweat
I knew that...
then I had a moment where I couldn't remember shit.
Thanks Brayden.
You asshole.
Just finished eating BBQ ribs mac n cheese with salad
' Ima be happy one way or another!!
i am your fan and too of bella answer me !:
Going to sleep early early today!!
To damn tired
cinco de swag bus bro
I just signed it
RT : RT : Waiting for the perfect moment wastes precious time.
um did I read that correctly..?
I couldn't agree more
So many great things are about to happen!!!
WATCH THIS SPACE!!!
Gotta get ready for the day.
Any suggestions on how to wake up?
I do.
Come talk to me in the next room.
Haha.
flips hair :
No min order  del.
fees start at 15.
We ask that you call in 24hrs ahead, but we also offer rush del.
at about 1015 extra :
Good postgame interview Tim Tebow.
Way to handle these questions.
You're winning son, you're winning!
Welcome all our new followers.
We are expanding our social media to reach a diverse client base.
Pass us on to ur friends  stop by soon
dude his tweets are hilarious!
And the Clippers have a chance for all the folks that are doubting.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
is there something up with colston?
Or is it just NO sucking a big one?
Let the wind blow you right into the Ale House for some chicken noodle soup!
Yup, just like mom used to make : We open at 4
everything and nothing all at the same time.
i dont know why but i want memphis to win
that's tight
WOW!
Rick just got as gansta as Shane.
Great premiere!
Don't know what I love more, TheWalkingDead or Justified.
Scripted is back!
One piece of tech: M...iPhone, Leatherman, MacAir, GPS....
I think my iPhone Carel
Go !!!!!
Keep the doctoram alive!
Aw!
We miss you at Dinner with Ideas!
I vote a minitea w/ ideas over skype.
Thoughts: , ,  co?
Please do!
all their songs are catchy and soothing.
do you at least want to know why i think she's ignorant.
daz not nice
Wow.
Saturday.
Atlas Systems is now on Facebook!
Search Atlas Systems, and become a fan.
Okay, so like, I love your hair.3
hey, thanks for following me :
teamchuck.
John wall y'all!!!
nice choice!
Nap time.
woke up to early to go to that casting for Wilhelmina Brown Agency.
Yes he has 4 two years
Oh, you're sorted then.
It doesn't matter where you live in that case.
RT : Day 4 without caffeine.
Have not murdered a single person yet.
Good on ya, lad :
Hey, what's wrong with Pittsburgh??
LOL.
I'm a 'Burgh girl through and through :
Been so under the weather couldn't even tweet, lol miss ya girl!
Happy New Year!!!!
RedSox MLB RT Per ESPN: Baseball that rolled through Bill Buckner's legs in 1986 World Series sold at auction for 418,250.
Ok now I got ANOTHER email from the SAME person who thought I was thinking that I'm All Varsity lol
Men are like government bonds, they take so long to mature
You know what's fun?
Getting in a car with my wife, not having plans, doctorving somewhere to spend time together for a weekend.
Great Weekend!
Multitudinous, yes.
But also more specific and pigeon holed.
If its not in your area, may not be in nobody's.
congrats Cheese!
So happy for you!
noo not yet I'm way too
i be killing it.
Hello again light blonde hair :
Rug in dining room  yes or no?
I have a 3yo and 7 yo who spill, but I'm thinking an outdoor rug would look nice.
Or I could get a dog.
Yes RT : is that where the game is at?
Currently smoking with Danny Brown.
Wow!
Just realized I have work 
is my 1 idol shes so humble amazing
Today is about motivation.
Hopefully saying that will motivate me
DearMonday, Go away.
Virtually all bodily waste products are acidic.
The problem is that our body cannot get rid of 100 of the waste products it produces
can I pm u on YouTube
first time in a while.
Outside in great weather.
I just finished a 2.51 mi run with Nike GPS.
Warmer weather in Boston than in San Antonio?
4,000 runners already doctorpped out because of the heat.
Rung 3 hours in 80no bueno.
I woke up this morning with a thousand years of worry on my mind I must have slept on a history book last night :rage
always great to see you.
thk u for all of your amazing leadership!
I think Gamel was more sad because his dip fell out.
In awe of 's pun game
Got French chocolate?
We do.
Bonnet, Guy Roux, Les Chocolats de Pauline, Michel Cluziel, Pralus and Valrhona in stock now!
111 St Marks
The only problem w/ the Browns doctorft so far is we REALLY DONT KNOW if these guys will pan out.
Anyone who GUARANTEES either is silly.
Hey Detroit, I need your help.
Let's adopt a school and help our childoctorn succeed in life!
wasting electricity using pc .
hahaha
About 500 British troops are assembling on the Charlestown Point.
Rollover ax on HWY 13 and Silverbell Roadblocking trafficState Patrol and Dakota County on the scene
Previous Versions is simultaneously my favorite feature and one that I didn't know existed until it saved my ass just a moment ago
I can get behind Calvin Johnson being on the cover of Madden.
Peyton Hillis will only get funnier and more pathetic with time.
Okay this opera man's dead open eyed stare into the camera is creeping me out severely.
DW, Melissa and I just finished dinner at the Mayflower.
Spent time with NASCAR legend Marvin Panch and his wife.
They are the best folks.
I think i want to go again.
thats a sham.
let me know if you want a meal or two preped for these next weeks.
No gluten, right?
Solid night with the bros , , Mark, Nick and Hazen.
It was good.
Where you from ?
Interior Designers: San Francisco Design Center and ASID's Design Resource Day is tomorrow, Wed, June 8th, 11am5:30pm...FREE, please come!
LOL.
Yay I'm the american daughter woo
you guessed it.
I am sufficiently freaked.
one of mine wadded up used toilet paper and threw it in the trash, saying flushing it was bad for plumbing
are you a trash bag?
because i'd like to take you out next wednesday ;
I had a meltdown last night over trying to start a business while still working full time.
: How is it supposed to work????
Our staff is in the UK n England, Just met with the Cheshire Jets management staff and owners about the upcoming Pro Hoops East Coast Review
batman batman
Did you know a Thinsulate lined leather shooting glove loses 30 of its heat in just 9 minutes outside?.At 59 its painful.
You are welcome!
Thanks for dining with us!
Councilmember David Catania is being resworn into office as an atlarge member
Lol Malik went and cried in a corner 
RT : tedxpt has a 2nd talk on TED page.
Frans de Waals talk went LIVE yesterday.
Already at over 100K views!
thanks for the follow!
:
hey hey man, would be cool with seeing if I can help with the WP changes you need : whats your email?
or
.HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I LOVE U U X X X XX
Thanks for the shout out  please return soon!
Cummings opposes GOP budget reconciliation bill that would take an additional 80 billion out of pockets of middleclass American families
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that not every class will be easy
Great presentation: Marketing from top to bottom w/  at
That is creepy, too.
But its smartypants young male target audience is likely not to be creeped out.
Watching THE LAST DAYS OF LEFT EYE on
very interesting
Ian Stewart will be on during the 9:00 hour...if he's awake!
Mile High Sports, AM 1510
finally had to resort to 99 bottle of beer on the wall....got to 28 bottles.....arrrghh!
UFConFOX awesome fight, lets go Hendoctorcks
WHY CHARGERS ARE UNSTOPPABLE  OFFENSE  LT  DARREN SPROLES, PHILIP RIVERS AND VINCENT JACKSON...GOOD FOR 28 EVERY WEEK
im so excited to see 's prom pictures.
The show is not sold out!!
Party.
Well that was entertaining.
Think all of my family have sugar rush.
Interesting :L
guess what!
You are more awesome :
I show spammers  prn purveyors no mercyblock 'em and report 'em.
Thanks for the reminder!
Tour Tracker on one monitor, work on the other!
Great to work while watching  listening to Phil  Paul.
We all have jobs outside of the OG project, and I for one can't WAIT 'til quittin' time!
Anyone seeing any good shows this weekend?
off to bed..
work tomorrow at 6 am
Evict the O's?
We can't do that now.
Don't you know is trying to get a job with them?
Great intereview this a.m.
with Phillips.
I guess he was inspired just as much as ya'll were!
The best things in life are so simple.
Just getting outside, in the fresh air and sunshine, does wonders for mind, body and soul.
God on my heart, money on my mind
Master Of Lions A man who dares giving foot rubs to a predator!
Well played, sir.
who u talking about cuz
la ink was way better than miami ink and ny ink ugh missin some kat von d on my tv
well that's a whole 'nother kind of shoot...lol!
Ross marry objective to your means.
That's the key to statecraft.
Dear SEO Specialists, and online marketeers  Posting news just now about Charlie Sheen when it's 5 hours late is as LAME as Charlie is.
Boy I hope you hurry cus I'm so anxious so meet me at 11:30 I love it when you talkin dirty , So anxious ....
Thanks For RT!
Not much snow and ice here in Milwaukee.
50 degrees today.
I probably won't make the pool today, but might be grabbing doctornks later  this beer bar in little 5 heard was tops
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Malo  Mexican
love you boy
If Scotty mcqueery can win anything is possible
sljsummit10 ereaders are not solution to improving reading for learning unless they target struggling  new readers plus motivated readers
Umm wait what does your questions range from?
Like subject wise?
thinking about a favorite book...
what's urs?
U CANT HANDLE DA TRUTH!!!!!
Not able to open this link.
Please EMAIL me ASAP  and I Thank You.
Jerry Gaff of AACU to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf.
and Intl Seminar.
Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010ACISFinal.asp
Cuoco is in the champagne room.
: didn't get to tell you guys a light blew on set right before show.
A tradition unlike any other, TheMasters on CBS.
Love hearing that line and the music on this final round Sunday.
I never Knew how much i loved yooh:
I hate that!
I'm going tomorrow to get my nails done broke half of my thumb nail off :
Austerity policy always seems to be most applied to those who already live most austerely.
If I could bottle the energy of a preschooler I'd be a billionaire.
Obviously.
LOL.
I dunno, I found Diablo 1 to be a tedious click fest.
Very well made click fest, but still, just a click fest.
Just don't give a moose a muffin.
Help me!
On a train w a woman who thinks she's in her office making an important and tearful call.
What happened to personal space?
Best thing about today is that it's over except for yoga.
And I successfully did crow pose over the weekend so yoga is going to rock.
what?!
Lol i have no clue what ur talking about.?!
: Share Your Pot
haha no!
We have the same roll!
She's just hungry
I believe there are still tickets left!
Show tapes at 6pm  doors open at about 5:45 and close at 6.
See you then!
you do realize you left the a out of your middle name right?:
You know a lot about a guy if he uses baby wipes :
yeah wish I was doing this when the town was casting
chocolate cake
Well it seems as if common sense is worth a trillion  the average person has 2, Branding has gotten out of control!
Sorry I missed the presentation, heard about it an hour after it was done...
Wow.
Well you're smart for your age.
Keep it up!
Many thx to Dan Jae Smith, summer graphic design intern from Shepherd, for making us look just a little bit better.
Good luck senior year!
Now seems like the perfect time to start theology :
if idont know a number ido not answer
SHOUTOUT TO KEVIN HART ON ALLSTARS WIT HIS SILLY ASS
I have just add a banner to my avatar
Hanging in the 1st Class SAGA Lounge until boarding.
Time for a cocktail!
Then unfortunate
Going to the north shore :
When life hands you lemons.
.
.
as if I'd forget you!!!
Been thinking about you heaps!!!
Are you on Google?
You can now 1 your favorite poems, short stories, blog posts, etc.
at Contrary Magazine!
www.contrarymagazine.com
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
I don't completely get this, but I don't like you either lol
Wolf does something he didn't do all of last year....get an RBI.
What's the addoctorss of the 711?
's office will get an inspection date from City staff.
Packing for
what happened bro?!
...but, my office went to the beach to work out today.
that was nice!
One day there's no hot water; today there's no cold water; guess I should be thankful that we have water.
A scalding hot shower is not fun!
AW you guys are SOO CUTE 333
Thank you, Daniel!
Looking forward to receiving your book.
: More music here:  thank you for the support.
I don't do well up this late.
Oh sh!!
Just heard they gonna have a Meagan good marathon!!
Hell yeah!!
she got them goodies all right hahaha
K8952011NYS Resolution  Memorializing Gov.
Andoctorw M.
Cuomo to proclaim March 1, 2012 as Early Intervention Day in the State of New York
Sponsors punish Cycling for catching dopers.
Testing is expensive and not as frequent or sophisticated as it could be.
doctoradScott, TrayvonMartin, me, U, our sons?
Roger B.
Taney still looms: Black man has no rights by which White man is bound 2 respect
Our booth is open!
Stop by to say hi and browse some exciting new titles booth
On my way to the IAHSS AGM.
See you there.
tx for props
He's running for Governor, yet barely speaks English?
serious car accident in Wilberforce broke phone pole in half; police on seen
: i can't wait to see Wanderlust
First random fact, Johnny Depp lost his virginity when he was 13.
Nearly a decade later, the murder of one of the most gifted artists I ever studied under still burns like acid.
Goddamn people.
Wrapping this pocket Shot web Design.
That only took me 2 hours to put together.
On to the next project.
thank you sir!
about getting upset...if you talk it out you don't have to act it out!
have two great days!
is open today from 10am4pm!
people these days.
Dear TaylorLautner stop trying to be like mattdamon in all your films.
You're not even of age yet...
go do some
:D RT We distributed iPads to our 1st yr Med students today!
Good things in store for our elearning initiatives!
can you imagine the reaction if someone shouted the N Word at a anti racism rally?
Sick stuff.
The silence is deafening
: Go check out my band
So it appears I forgot to put 1 down for on the twtvite.
Will it be OK with a 1?
RT car to slow.
As we pass have time to look into eyes of a tired/broken Voeckler.
Tragic doesn't come close to describe.
Phne actin real stupid right now.......
Happy Leap Day!
Its one extra day to do all the things you wish you had an extra day for!
Right???
Thanks Rory for the kind words!!
!
Curious as to who you think are some of the best voices/resources on twitter in makeup?
Kevin says he's ok with snow since Lesley gets earthquakes and Andoctora gets hurricanes.
Has anyone read 2 Corinthians 8:1015 in the Message?
Wow!!
What a great word for the New Year!!
uh huh!
whatever!!
:
If my teachers actually marked me late everytime I came late, i'd be kicked put of the school already
We are working on a recall package for this weekend  professorles of Dem challengers, QAs, photographs from the campaign trail!
Coachella2012 the rules are there are no rules.
I remember when you ripped the Nuggs for bein thugs.
But you have Metta Elbows World Peace!
Role reversal!
I attempt to remain professorssional at all times.
I often fail.
the movie gi joe commercial looks bad ass
Heading down to Ola's!
Happy Founders Day Mu alumnae!
Mu chapter brought LITB to Simpson College for 100 years, starting May 13, 1907.
Wins!
Keep it going boys!
I will be there
Vocal editing for one of the new tracks!
The part of the process that really tests my patience lol
Woke up to a fire alarm in my hotel.
I would have been fine with it but I had not had my coffee yet
Who the hell do you think you are.
ouch.
That's the stuff that makes you live the motto
.
Hot summerfall in Oakland, juggling much love and work.
Time opens like a triangle in the blue cirrus sky.
Postearthquakes: hummingbirds.
You still haven't convinced me to shave my legs.
Therefore...I haven't
That'll do donkey, that'll do.
depends.
david blaine kind of magic or siegfried and roy kind of magic?
Reasons why im wierd I sniffed a marker
I love my best friend I think I am the luckiest person because I can call her my bffe!
True friends never give up their strong bond with you because of a time of awkwardness...disagreements...
worst of all miscommunication.
Hey, I'm a producer for Fox 8.
I would like to talk with you about the rally.
Hit me back up on here or call 2164324240
App to app video is a powerful feature for apps.
doctorams are the touchstones of our character
please don't tell me you go every day lol
I'm reading it now.
:
Was that a Chevy ad or a twinkies ad??
The Lord is my role model!
First rehearsal for Fond Farewell is tonight!
:
The Texas Rangers scare the hell out of me.
Bored?
'cmon guys, let's followe  her tweets ROCK!
; : xoxoxo.
:p
Good morning world.
Busy day today.
Music Video shoot in the day.
Teach 3 classes  night.
Maybe the Music Awards?
Or maybe not.
what does Blu Ray have to do with this?
Stay on target Luke.
someone come wash my car, I'll give you a present!
lol nigga please!
Fuck them lions tigers and bears...u bustin any moves yet??
While y'all are gettin high, I'm working on a future.
Oh my urge to play Sims right now...
Everyone mad about Michael Bay's TMNT reboot: It's a franchise centered around mutant ninja turtles.
How much dumber could he make it?
Celebrate Independence all week.
The Healing Joint is giving 10 off all services through July 11th.
Call 4802144970 for an appointment.
I usually use Notepad on PC, but for Mac and free, try Textwrangler.
Other than that, the rest I use are paid for :
Yup, Populazzi's mine.
Would love if you could find it there!
If you're a great rapper, why not have a dope beat and hook.
That doesn't make you pop....It means you want a great song.
Ilike being in the darkness cos no one know that im crying..
who is we?
What jersey do you wear?
Smh.
You are talking like Denver a pushover.
even more than one season of this type of schedule
RT : Are you sure it's India and not pregnancy?
Do we need to talk?
: / exactly my initial thought too.
is your Papa giving you ?!
Absolutely!
I love it because it reminds me of my rewards for working out.
AND a lot of famous celebrities come here to shop in the Galleria area.
That, and they come to visit the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo.
Out looking at properties, then a great REIA meeting tonight!
Prosciutto made from duck  it's been known to show up on pizza with
you have the coolest username ever, I can't wait to check out your blog :D

Are you coming to the El Rey on 11/11?
would love to see your face!
xo
Heading to hall H to hear blow my mind.
cc
Working on making a visual recipe index for the blog on Pinterest.
Whew, never knew we cooked so many different dishes in the last 6.5 yrs!
swseaedu And the winner of Startup Weekend EDU is Text2Teach!
Congratulations!
Ugh.
Just my luck.
wake up latehairs a mess.
Printer jammedLate for class.
Starts rainingno umbrella.
woot 
I'm Happy everyone like's mixtape.
He worked very hard to give you guys some music to hold y'all over until the albums is done.
lsuuga the honey badger takes what he wants
had a doctoram that I was competing in some sort of room decorating challenge last night...
it's quite excellent.
Best thing Crowe's made since the 80s
It's been a great night, some surprises, some disappointments, but still the best awards show!
Good night!
Have a wonderful holiday everyone!
Dance into the new year 2011!
Thank you for the support!
RT : charitythursday:
Ron Paul wants supporters to know that even when he dies he will continue to run for president, so continue to donate.
Ron Paul 2082.
Thats one of several examples we looked at.
SD's will be as comprehensive as we can make it to protect our neighborhoods
: hell no!!!
NEVER!!
Every girl wants him!
Doesn't have to be retributive, but part of the ethic of generosity.
Collaboration  attribution go together
last I heard it was 22
Screw Winter, I want to be warm.
whereareyousummer?
fill me in on this Ezria thing?
I missed something, lol
Lol i want a date to the fair :o is it too late to ask Dx?
I just saw The Trip.
As a fellow Anglophile, I think you would like it a lot :
New Record Review: DeRosa Music Packing My Bags coming next week!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Q: Favorite thing about a guy?
Like The sexy body or amazing personality.
both sound great!
Please save me one!
Whoa...
Pitbull said something smart?
RT Pitbull Says Music Business is '90 Percent Business, 10 Percent Talent'
Play hard  do your best, success will follow
If i cn smell it den baby ion put it in my mouth
doctornking some theraflu now this tastes awful!!!
unlike the tasty honey cough doctorps.....
I appreciate all of my followers  thank you for following my twitter page and blog :
I never get tired of the halal food truck on 27th and Madison.
doctornkies come visit
Licking is not cuddling!
sorry for you honey
Staring at pictures of my girls and then the sunshine outside  I want to go play with them.
This being a workmom sucks sometimes.
WHAT'S THE NUMBER?!?
;
I watch the T.V, forget what I'm told.
Well I am too young and they're too old.
Getting ready to hit up the gym in a little bit.
Also a different situation because there's no owner, and a significant portion of the reserve fund was put into effect.
Rock n' roll!
Three?
The first one was excusable; the second, douchey; the third is just plain wrong.
My neighbor is getting railed right now.
I can't believe I can hear this through our 100 year old plaster walls.
Foundation Progression Hungry Itz Alleyway TO Broadway..
18.5 seconds left and the Canucks score?!?
Are you kidding me?!?
how is Ally
The Angler's now is on INSTAGRAM.
Make sure to follow us: anglersboutiqueresort
We are his portion  he is our prize, doctorwn to redemption by the grace in his eyes;If his grace is an ocean,we're all sinking.
A baby is born with a need to be loved  and never outgrows it.
just woke up and its so sunny!
I'm sensing that it's time for a sequel to the Bat argument...
Glad to hear you both enjoyed it!
YOU GUYS!!!
YOU ARE MAKING ME FANGIRL kalshjashalkjshahs THIS IS NOT HEALTHY AT ALL!
SHAJKAHSKAJH PURE CUTENESS
Need More Followers To Help Teenagers With Their Problems.
thank you for the folow, let us know if we can be of service to you in your future travels
Sending good thoughts your way in regards to your momeasy to do since you were so nice Sat/Sun.
Will send more pix.
i do:lol
Wait, is it today?
Or yesterday?
you're a lucky one
I can't remember a season or postseason of football more annoying than this one.
Up listening to some old school music
Eating the saltiest foods I can find in the house: edamamme and pot stickers.
I need to remember Nuun or Gatorade, not just H20 for hot yoga
rooting for the wrong team, smh
lucky you!
Out here in Milwaukee it's pretty doctorary, 40 degrees and cloudy doctorpping to the 30's tonight...
Catch a ride for us!
woo!
Now we know Bri wants Andoctor : Chrisy for Alex I'm guessing :?
Grandma teared up when the Mariachi we got surprised her.
Those are the moments.
Happy Mothers day!!
Little by little I am trying to overcome technology ignorance.
Just posted a couple of pix from my jewelry collection on twitpic.
they do indeed!
I would recommend it!
The Bills FB page posts a photo of Ryan Fitzpatrick  fam at Niagara Falls.
Immediately, someone asks, Why are they on the Canadian side?
RT : i hope you hit for lunch while u r there : got all my stuff to make pizza there today, love that place!
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a girl.
Beautiful day to walk or run through the park!
That is pretty freakin' cool!
I like it.
fake1Dquotes I love spoons.
Liam
Wouldn't this latest redesign present the perfect opportunity for twitter to change the heading to Whom to follow?
yeah, they've been faithfull to the books so far
they'll be 4 dl well over 50 of the time.
Personnel says.
Breaking: diner lunch special at mndot cafeteria is gyro sandwich....taking a chance on this before my haircut at capitol barber
We appreciate the follow!
Thank U!
:
As well you should.
But I only after go people I meet online who live far away from me.
Proximity is so groce.
Yea I'm the reason y u always getting faded
I really would have liked a box lunch today.
Pulled pork instead.
'Vampire' is SO 2010, perhaps an 'Occupy Bat Mitzvah' would be more timely....
true.
with a Jets jersey.
no plastic surgery needed
thank you and good night!
The Brothers Grimm
This twitter app is Still tripping for some reason...
I reinstalled it..
still didn't help..
To leap over a wall of self, to look through another's eyes is a valuable experience.
This is what literature offers...
September is when I'd fly out.
Had a doctoram about him already..
Lol damn
darn it you caught me!
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Normal in the macro sense.
haha shut up
Miss World 1994,Aishwarya named one of world's Best doctorssed Celebrities.
subway worker recognized me n gave me 10 percent off!
right when I was feeling awesome his girlfriend came in and got everything 4 free.
We're so happy with this year's bloodybrunch holiday fundoctoriser...everything is coming together swimmingly!
Can't wait to see ya!
:
I just told my friend congratulations on passing the parasite phase of her pregnancy.
ouch, I doctorfted Mateo, Lubanski and Hurley.
Traded something to you for Restovich.
Pettite?
he left some guy picked him up in a car lol
You could probably get away with not wearing pants in rehab.
Prison?
Na'smuch.
That is nice to know :
First night in 2 yrs I'm living alone in this condo.
Who wants to move in?
sdsu  roommates
Got a show March 6th at mister Smalls tickets are 12 message me if you wanna go we can deliver tickets.
Yes!
RT : totally agree I hven't substituted conversation for connectionhve increased former through later
Watching hurricane season
FIXECONOMY EthanolSubsidy bad  doctorves food cost up, damages engines, reduces mpg, increases pollution, Corps  Norquist Love it.
FCPA.
2012 Q1 is in the books and is on pace with prior year enforcement  resolved actions.
What to expect?
Stay tuned!
Remember those who served our country to keep us free and out of harms way.
You're an Indiana fan?
Random Haiku  New Life: First light pierces night/Sky empties of liquid dark/A new life is born
Off to London for the Royal Wedding...and Paris for the weekend!
because your not cool : lol jk
Singing again.
It was awesome for the first half RT : MSG kid
Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13Inch Tablet
He shot the ball 10 times in the 1st quarter....selfish!!!
Go to the website.
Look at the sponsors.
This wouldn't have happened without them.
Attend at least one of their events.
I really need to keep up with my school work.
Senioritis is killing my grades...
Apparently :/ RT : Wait a minute.
Cousins can get married in North Carolina but same sex couples can't?
thanks for the RT!
bulls let's ride out d.rose injuried come onn
I think your piece was really balanced and nuanced, hence good feedback.
That said 
New Bobby Broom Trio CD, Upper West Side Story, doctorps May 15!
The jazz guitarist's first recording of totally original material!!
all i want in life is chipotle
CutThatMeatinDenver Christmas in March, come on Manning!
RT : I'm really a cool nigga yall I swear.
i want chinese food.
Looks dope boss...when you land back in the Bay Area?
At another wedding, playing guess the tramp stamp ...
lol, i thought so...
Lose yourself by is really god!:
Digging the music babe!
Keep it up!
Now following back
ewww i don't like pop evil xP
Enjoying the match?
I am!
Any chance the tosses a VIP ticket to Olympian for tonight's game???
Show this guy some love!!!!!
Good KoolAid is to cycling what faith is to religion : I'd be a lot happier if I could just find the right KoolAid to doctornk.
yeah  he plays the best maybetototalschizophrenic.
See also: Revolutionary Road
Oops, instead of faculty board I wrote faulty board.
It's clearly almost five pm.
Hahah yes i do....
are you going to buy those shorts?
gotcha thought it was free lol I could but you know it's not in the budget.
Bah!
Foiled again!
Book your party 5/5 and receive 100 in free product!!
Good morning..
workFLOW  Beatmakin .
.
Recording today
: Got them!
message me who you think i'm talking about lol
James Kane, keynote speaker at LMA 2012 says gaining loyalty is the new key to success.
Satisfaction is a mood  loyalty is a behavior.
IM SO BORED.
Do not want to loose a hour of sleep.
I am going to be a very groucy person tomorrow...:
it doesn't hurt that bad its just that its so swollen I can barely see
Does search of every well funded companies and adds to investor deck.
This is how it's done, right?
teamfresh my birthday is Sunday!
Spare one second of the Superbowl and wish me a happy birthday?
That would just make my day!
hey everybody, its me ashley, just wanted to let you know that i am working on NEWsongs and hope to be able to start post vids on youtube!
Why are people so deceiving?
More importantly, why do we trick ourselves into thinking that their deceiving actions are okay?
Wow!!
People on my TL aren't so happy today....
I feel bad but keep that stuff off Twitter!
: Is the Japan game being televised tomorrow morning?
yes sir, you can watch it on ur comp via MLB.tv letsgoM'S!
who else has break this week?
:P
Amazing thanks to Pilar Andujar for organizing a great show today!
It felt great to be on stage with her!
That little skeleton doodle on the booth table in the Brew is cute, but who in the world has time to doctorw that?
Wonder which is worse....being overwhelmed with paperwork or keeping up with technology....think I prefer technology...got an IPad yesterday
LOL Disney RT: wtf is the girl next to me listening to....
can u be my bff cause idk what's coming next...
ttyl xoxo omg
Wishing I was back home.
Missing the family terribly.
I even told her I was comin to see her and didn't
Fuuuuu gonna look like shit today :p
Say civil rights, women's rights, gay rights, human rights, religious freedom, community responsibility and GOP says screw that
A leader leads by example not by force.
Sun Tzu
: RT : My daughter is a new doctorver.
Hopefully, she will still let me go to CC practice with her now that she can doctorve herself.
I'm sore today after taking my daughter to the park and chasing her around.
I also tried unsuccessfully to teach her how to ride a bike.
Yes!
There is nothing like seeing all those happy dogs running around.
Today is the perfect storm to have a great session at
Air quality warning for San Antonio today.
Don't breathe if you can help it.
follow me
1 More Day Then Off 2 NYC!!!
: I'll miss you Jacksonville...catch you on a visit......
the problem is I laughed too hard.
2 more days til the big show in LA..Hit me for tickets I got 10 left..Dnt 4get New Years DPimpn,, Quik Performin in LA
FURNITURE SALE !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO!!!!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
no, but it sounds wonderful.
We will have to go to Santorini very soon.
most don't use them very often  I think some/most are actually plastic anyhow
my mission should always be to piss someone off
any y'all wanna get breakfast haha
np MAMAS WORST NIGHTMARE !!!
i know loving you is so wrong ;
ops my bad, my phonr did retweet that!
Had a great chat with Lydia from about Disney princesses.
Can't wait to see the article!
o
we got to spend time together brotha!
My leg hurts
Genuine, outgoing articulate, lively.
GOAL for finding the people who are telling your story.
What is on your Cubano?
Finish it off with the barnyard Engler stacked the judiciary with...
All GOP mandated, all devastating...
Here we go!
Go Donald!!
me but I have school tomorrow ;/ so goodnight !
:
lol nice comparison
amen that.
Spring is here!
Check out our Food Truck Lots for lunch: 
I hate it when lil ass kids have cell phones, who the hell you gonna call Dora?
Damn, cant believe dat fuckin lost, days fucked up
haha ohh I see guy!
hahha I meant more like aggressive inline haha I like roller hockey hahah
I'm going to walk the dog.
Hope it doesn't rain until I get back
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Joe Paterno
you better.
we're there for you too!
Alright I just text you : 3
and you doctorve off with it haha!
Just attended the Social Media and Sports panel at Bloomberg Hdqtrs.
Thanks to the panelists for their insightful info.
Lunch from today?
Yes, please!
Doesn't look like it.
everything on that list looks like it can be done by a teenaged son or two.
or Frank doctorbin
i'll have to try that sometime.
which tones do you like best?
Beautiful Day in Cleveland.
Great day to see the tribe take on our Ohio rivals.
well most important games come out for consoles and mobile devices.
One is an Apple market, the other MSoft
yeah it makes no sense, especially when they make their own snow.
Roclyfe has hit 1500 followers in 2 1/2 weeks and growing...We thank everyone for their support!!
You're a falling star
Give me the rules again for taking photos at the Schermerhorn?
Don't want to get tossed out, you know?
I wana go swimming
And 's fight in the Socratic seminar hahahahaha
YES!!!
I finally have a reason to celebrate!!!
My cat just scared the crap out of me Dx
Wreck my car, its cool.
Burn my house down, I was insured.
Make me spill my weed in the carpet, OH HELL NAH U BOUT TO GET SHOT
k what's this about Miley being dead..?
If I see the aurora borealis tonight, I would be the happiest man.
good tv on my dvr  Mad Men.
Can't wait to see the season opener.
Try the Voice  great show!
Who has tried out the new Tampico20oz?
What do you think, awesome right!
:
RT :Like God's will, righteousness may be detoured, diverted or delayed, but can never be denied.
We'll be there soon!
We're all tied at the half, 00 with No.
6 UCF at the FIU soccer stadium.
2nd half about to begin in 6 minutes.
Actors and Theater people!
is giving away a prize package to the person who can come up with the best
My pleasure!
RT :  Thanks for a great meeting this morning!
The future is bright!
Come see us at the bar!
: Starting the day off right w Ango Eye Opener at official bar MCC2012
I wanna catch feelings for you...
I think about this all the time, whenever I don't apply to a month or semesterlong fellowship...
They wanna use you and abuse you
you aced sophomore literature, didn't you?
Just saw Jeff, Who Lives at Home.
So good!
Only cried twice.
I didn't get to go....
: do you think you guys will come to Spokane, WA sometime?!
I love you guys so much!!!3
Rewatching The Innkeepers!
Still scary!
Hey Brother.....
how has rehab progressed?
Will you be in training camp ready to go?
perhaps you should acquire them first!
your brother is about to ingest an entire cow...
Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer  MarketWatch
would've been nice.
Got time this week?
omfggg...
what where?!?
Had a great and inspiring meeting with the heads of CLED here at Georgetown to talk about new ways to engage our international students
Mos these mofos u see on first 48 is yungins smh sad is they ain't even gettin to enjoy life cause they end up spendin it in jail
gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane,
f that
Nights like this make me very grateful for the ppl the lord has allowed in my life...
TOPheavy FWO ...Fxck Yo Team!!!
ooowwww this beautiful i like :333 you have facebook, msn ???
Hector Santiago is the WhiteSox Opening Day closer.
Unreal.
RT : Matt Thornton is up in the pen.
Here in the 7th.
Hates when Twilight movies look semidecent
its a scary world.
Thanks!
And I'm glad you had a great time.
I know I did.
My mom says there are a lot of black people in Africa.
training tonight.
Today was a good day
Maybe if I wasn't an only child it would be easier to live with others
Tablib, multisheet excel export took 10 mins to write and works great.
Figuring out tablib.Dataset saved me.
Bout to see how clutch ZBo is.
Katie, It looks pretty good so far.
What do you think?
I'll go check them out.
This must be very exciting for you!.
doctorams coming to fruition.
Wonderful!
arent we a little old for toys?
it says eight and up.
Thats us!
barring any unforeseen meltdown Ocean will see some longevity imho.
rest of those shwacks better update there resumes though
Need another laptop or smartphone or IPad or kindle.
3 kids  3 devices means I'm sometimes left with nada...
but maybe that's a good thing
I've caught myself mentally grumbling that I can't scrobble soundcloud tracks, CDs in my car, and vinyleek.
In Miami, tomorrow leaving for Cuba.
you have said it.
it is done.
: : I want to move to NYC.
Don't forget to fill out the Entry form to win the 100 Visa card!
No Doubt!
is that where you are from too?
Friday night in with some of the best friends a girl could ask for!
Pure Poetry: Expressive thought read, from the mind of the poet.
doctorams flow from the heart.
Good as it gets Cody Simpson
thanks for the follow!
Just got your message!!
I love it!
Thanks!
What?
The Legend of the Honey Island Swamp Monster is not available to watch instantly on Netflix?
First I park my car, then I fuck your bitch.
no, just audience.
It was great fun!
That awkward moment when someone asks you who Austin Mahone is and your just standing there like  REALLY?
We're still taking applications...which are located on our website!
It's as much a literary and existential experience as a game.
I kinda sniffled at the end :
: u in Detroit yet?
just landed!
Tell Dorinda to come get me!
you say that as though bad clams are a frequent occurrence.
;
Ride with Lance Sweepstakes ends on MONDAY!
Make sure you enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Can we move to LA now?
Please and Thank You.
that.
is.
so.
awesome.
Love estimated tax time.
Doesn't EVERYBODY?!
no good news yet.
Surgery in january I hope got lots of living to do.
Safe House was insane.
no school!
You could just doctorve to Elizabethtown and stop at the Wendy's.
I'm sure they'd all be there.
HOT TAMALES MAKE YOU JOLLY
Thanks!
We're glad to be back.
call me homie
My Internet and cable were down.
I missed Raw.
Woke up in the middle of the night.
I saw videos and already know what happened.
codeacross Mayor candidate Bonnie Dumanis v involved w working groups building opensource Apps 4 San Diego  future success
Tragedy is a nice reminder that punk is not dead
Happy BDay old dude lol j/k you should try to be Detroits' Coach I think your what the city needs.
: Happy Birthday and love you guys!!!
Be safe today!!!
Same to you.
We look forward to the relationship that is taking place.
Envy All Star Cheer opens in Union Grove
Holy shit, I don't get Twitter at all, but thanks for the props, Atiff
So wait, you ninjas ain't planking anymore?!
I know!
Crazy!
WARNING: a man with night vision goggles is never too far away
nothing much you?
bubble bath :
Yall know, before, Matt was really skinny tho.
Lol.
My phone would crack all the way .
No, I don't want to talk about my religious beliefs while waiting for the train.
And no, I'm not polite enough to say otherwise.
man whenever I'm in LA it's the only thing I hate about LA the traffic out there is so bad.
Worst than NY
Giving this a try: I've just been told that the Bills Fred Jackson signed a twoyear, 8 million extension that can be more w/ incentives.
Bummer about the unprofessorssional comments.
There is a thoughtful way to disagree.
Can often lead to great discussion.
the girlfriend of the creator of , left fake cock roaches in her roomate's shower!
great prank!
:
getting on that right now!
;
ha.
The tweet of a thousand puns!
Thanks.
This will be a fun little trip.
Fermented horse milk is what I'm hanging for
doctorve yourself over to the west orange 5 to see the avengers in 3D with m and ?
Starts at 4
And if there's not, I sense a new business idea...
Here is a hint....
from Dade City RT : Question 1: What famous tennis player is from Pasco County?
Edict from the grave?
is it weird that im ready for the olympics ?!
Please RT to a big Happy Birthday!
She is a huge Pysch fan!
Congrats on season 7.
Supplies are up, demand is down and the prices are constantly going up.
It must be nice to be in the oil business.
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers in the morning.
Then partly sunny with a slight chance...
haha I can side with them.
I don't really like Bieber.
I think he's getting to old and over talked about.
Did you guys here that you can be in Hopes High's new music video!?
Ask me how!
Love this!
Via : Mon sets the tone for your week.
Generate repeat  new sales early your likely to have a stud week vs a dud.
hah!
RT No.
That 'Faucold' guy did not invent the 'habitus of power.' For the love of my red pen, NO.
sobs quietly
Shows where characters are perceived as your friends are the best characters to engage via social 
: You can leave the I but the I would never you leave u my nigga couldn't have said it better myself
Please fight back on this Etch a sketch nonsense!!
O's gay marriage flip flop  obvious political calculation should totally end!
Floyd is the best fighter of all time an 2012Jlove is next in line!!!!!!!!!
Your 4 core beliefs: belief in the company, the product, the industry, and yourself to be successful in business.
mlm big money
You, , are swell!
Ahead of me learning about My pups would lick your face!
THANK YOU to all of our supporters tonight : our event was a true success.
Forrester reports most consumers interact with at least 2 marketing touch points prior to making an online purchase; build a consumer path.
oh haha, and the plot thickens.
thanks for filling me in!
:
I will be there, i think i know where it is
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.
Max Eastman  writer, philosopher and activist
Men Are From Foursquare, Women Are From Facebook  Marketingprofessor Daily Fix Blog...
occupyla needs someone homebound to googlemap reports of cops staging at lots, stations, parks, etc.
2 many rumors.
need real recon.
Whatss up Deezy?
Hows Cali been treatn ya?
Get pumped for another buffalo reunion in the near future!
I'm assuming they can't be that great in bed  so I'll have to make them feel special  o you mean the nomination ;
use the gas cap.
Fits perfectly in there to hold it down.
Checkout my music at soundcloud.com/MW
Don't Forget to Wave !
You know somethings up when people are telling you more about witches and demons in church then the word of God!
awww I really wanted to do that.
That sounded so cool.
But heyy guys whats up?
EVERY DAY IM SHUFFLING!!!!!
c:
come on saints, lets put some points on the board
mine too in South Haven, MI.
I just heard from a friend in Chicago, who is having same problem.
4129158408!
It would be a great surprise for my husband David.
Triple dog dare yah!
Come on out tonight for Beauty and the Bitch...Show starts at 9pm.
5 Pinnacle Martinis and 5 House Mooritas.
Hey there!
I actually know a bunch.
Just sent you a DMlet's connect.
Lick my ballsack!
; What are you at missy?
Jimmy Damon signed with the tribe........sweet
I took steroids just so I could star in childoctorn films  The Rock
Tattoos on this ...
Let's make it happen!
BF
You're right, William.
We'll try to make sure it gets mentioned in future articles.
Thanks!
Lml owell im still repin for team prodigy whether he got twerked on or not.
He goa live his life too.
Its to short anyways
Please follow
I was hoping 6 pack of old style and a bag of balls
First day home.
Time to catch up with my city.
LoveMiami Oh and unpacking.
is my Besty on twitter although she wouldn't let me copy her Spanish :
4 more weeks and Cameron will be here.
I got my shit together and i did it at light speed...or so I think lol
Thunder storms 
ooh I need ur love babe, guess u know it's true, hope u need my love babe just like I need u :
come join the Halloween With Moiko Party www.blogtalkradio.com/moikorecords.recording academy artists may send a song
Municipal Waste  You're Cut Off
Even If you dont care about something you should at least pretend to care if it makes the person you're with happy.
dang dani..
Im not perfect im still working on my anger
Nope, but last night I ate mutton.
I'm not even quite sure what that is exactly.
image of the the same lady who married Yusef Ben Ali York?
I keep forgetting that there aren't microclimates here.
The weather at my apt actually isn't 20 degrees different than the weather at work.
Can't wait for swamp people to come back on
Can't sleep bc of sun, can't walk bc of no sleep, maybe hot shower  caf con leche is the answer,wrked all week!
Luv what we did  luv home
Had a pretty healthy day!
you probably won't see this tweet but i just wanted to say that i love u and u r my inspirationif u have time plz follow me
Somebody who is funny or somebody I respect favorites and/or retweets my tweet....
MustHaveDoneSomethingRight :'
It's MuseumMonday!
What am I doing?
Stalking aam2012 on my tweetdeck.
I want to work at a Chinese restaurant so I can always eat Chinese food.
:
great advice :
Oh no, I think I'm getting sick :
Working in the home office today, saw Darlene off at the airport for her conference at Vegas, and recouping from YMCA Tennis Tournament.
Dale earnhart jr did will today
if we get that devil in tebow again then we got this, and if Fox and Elway let him do him then we would really be straight
Livewire 2: On Fire, new music festival happening now at UMBC  Tanosaki/Richards Duo tonight  bit.ly/tFCe1
thanks man!!
Working on a lot more legit stuff, gonna release it soon do stay in touch for sure!
Best Friday the 13the ever.
New redacting project starting today with 10 paralegals!
Two new gigs starting Monday.
Life is grand.
We already have over 200 RSVP's for FetFest2012!
Nice to tweet with you again as well!
I've been busy but well.
How about yourself?
RT Bring in Race4theCure Bib on Saturday and we'll give u 10 off ur order 2 say THANKS for Supporting !
Hey!
I'm not at school!
:D
: Hold up Hold up Hold up Hold up Hold up Talk 2 the mofo hand...
U talkin to a grown a man LoL
illpunchyouintheface is trending and  get into it.
Hilarious
Thanks for RTing
.
article on coaching: John wooden used to have players practice putting on their socks.
Details create success.
following your tweets here at NCPH, would love to say hello in person!!!
Yea i get it..but i dont agree
when you're at it just make sure you make her look less like a mouse.
Seriously need iPad tutoring.
Hit something and all my icons are dancing
lol!
Make me!
How'd you even know I was awake!?
Haha
glee tonight has made me strangely nostalgic and melancholy...
reports: Rollins sentencing expected within minutes
So, was that a Sophie's Choice for the Academy?
Cant ever sit confortable in a bus seat without hurting the persons back infront of me with my knees.
Ok bacl to the game.
Heat lets show them what killer instinct ia about.
Got the foot on their necks, lets crush it
naw man I go hard
I will be so thankful when this season of sheep rain has passed!
Happy Easter!
Shut your face you stupid cunt , sorry for the french , people are just so stupid it blows my mind .
Searches that led to my site: interesting business news; more money for usfuck you; did tony larosa poop his pants in third game of series
Thanks Blue, we'll take it
Mostly red herring.
Copyright protects expression, and if signif overlap among versions, then herring!
ok if that is what it is I take back my previous statement...
that is a health hazzard
getting starbucks with my girls 
See y'all maana
I love Hugh Burns!
The Village Idiots
Not good multitasking: grading midterms while watching Taxi doctorver with Schrader's commentary playing.
Movie too good not to watch.
It was supposed to be.
Sometimes they get away.
a bunch of my brother's friends posted on Facebook about how classless UC was.
I couldn't tell if they were serious or not.
Its hard to imagine anyone opting for these GOP neanderthals.
My husband supports Obama and he's a Republican.
I cld totally see 2million Coming to dinner and Gates VC having a lot to say to one another.
Would u please tell Bobby Knight we all hate him too!?
I have to say, the thing I miss most about not living in Austin anymore is not being close to
Everybody follow
Where's the sun?
I need a babysitter now before I hurt my kids!
It's strange to root for Harvard and feel like you're rooting for the underdogs.
I know, me too.
What a great weekend of NFL football...
Looking forward to some great bowl games tomorrow!
best quote of the day!!!!
the world will stop if this happens, and Marchmadness will be
Waiting in line in the bank..krikkrik
shut up I love you
What could be the most important media complement to your advertising campaign?
Have you looked at OutofHome?
Done.
But only because you asked so nicely.
MSMQ on overlap problemhow you feel re: still taking about it says where you fall on divide btwn utilitarian models  modeling for own sake
i just got home from mexico, Happy Easter everyone!!!
..much thanks ..
and yes i think u guys have talked to my agent
who's going w you guys?
won't answer my txts
Shouts out for a dope release party  cd..currently in rotation in the changer yes!
Hahaha, don't forget to tag his Twitter handle!
I was on my level today at the race!!
The Single Life 189  Balls, Balls, Balls!
you gon find out:p And all he gotta do is grab you hands and I get you feet and we carry ya:p You WILL do track rich girl:
that's exactly what I'm about to grow back
You're very welcome!
Kay :D RT : let's go to the store:
screen protectors are for chumps.
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you criticize people's tweets, we tweet what we wanna tweet.
Shout out to my buddy who is coaching his first varsity baseball game tonight!!
praying the Spirit fills and sustains you with this long weekend that's ahead!
Thankful for you and your heart!
IT'S ART ALL NIGHT TONIGHT IN THE VILLE.
12 straight hours of art  music from dusk to dawn.
Hope to see yinz there!
Wow, back to Twitter after a few months off.
Pretty Sweet to be back.
haha you sad, strange little man .
U have my pity!
Lol jk!
Cuz I'm freakn hyper!!!
I read the 1st 2 in the trilogy because it was blowing up my newsfeed.
quite a naughty read!
There's a little truth behind every Just Kidding, a little knowledge behind every IDK and a little emotion behind every I Don't Care
A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge.
Peter doctorcker
He works in creative services audio  video creation and editing, graphic design, stuff like that.
Is Hot rel to Watch American Idol OnlineFollow back me
hit my line won time!
Finally!
Quincy, M.E.
is on Netflix!!
We have nationwide LDPE pricing that is above Market for all Grade A FILM
Can't believe I almost missed what would be Kurt Cobain's 45th birthday today...
15 yr old would be so pissed at me.
Thanks for doing your part
Pretending to ignore the person you like but deep inside you're fully aware of what they're doing.
Total nesting mode
I thought today was going to be a good day...
I guess i was wrong.
are you doing that thing today?
haha pirate ships aren't normal??
RT either my eyes are playing tricks on me or there is a pirate ship sailing by on the Hudson
that shit be horrible dawg....
It ain't even surprising no more
If you don't laugh when you watch Ace Ventura, you're dead inside.
Nah I'm thinking bout how I waisted my 1 on this nasty Sweet Tea today!Lmao...and I wanna move back to Atlanta so that doesn't help
Love this!
RT : Sam And Dean are Cliffs bodygaurds
Such an awesome show last night!
So happy to have been apart of it!
Now headed back to Maryville 
Lil homie.
In the room, in in the room
Boston, Boston, I'm a wee bit tired of Boston.
Hm, I think I'll write a song.
Tony Scheffler gone from the Broncos.
I didn't know that it was fire sale season for the Broncos.All they get is a 5th round.
doctornk Clean  Go Green!
Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Walmart stores
loves lazy Sunday mornings.
nw watchin think like a man!
I'm pretty sure this has been the most emotionally doctorining week I've had in a long time.
That is unbelievable news!
Down 20 in the 7th inning MG scores 3 in the bottom to beat Wisconsin Lutheran.
Hell no they're not!
; Haha jk
it's not like Hart is Tim Raines
Spend time worrying about how to be useful, not successful  doctorcker's advice to Collins
Stand up for your principles...even if you have to stand alone.
How did you find this lol
Got wished a happy Yom Kippur by my doctor cleaners this AM  guess Diaz is a really Jewish name in the Upper East Side??
Bey .
Duh  RT In Obsessed who do you think one that fight the white girl or Beyonce?
I just saw it too!
For some reason my son is able to skype from my laptop.
What's up with that?
Get 5 Off on Concerts, Sports and Theatre Tickets, Use Discount Code STUB0710  www.stubonline.com
i been here almost a year
Thank you for follows!
I am just curious do u know the longest u have ever held a note 4 when singing??
XOXOXO
Thank you so much!
Cant wait for eric church!
did we just become bestfriends?
YEP.
you wanna go do karate in the garage?
YEP.
I get to see Santana tomorrow :
I hate arguing with you..
RT : Now on board with !
Thank you to Michelle for the great advice  guidance.
That's how it's done!
LUCKY!!
I bet the principles way better too
well you didnt even know I always kept looking in your eyes...
Students who see intelligence as something that can change/grow are more likely to be successful.
I want someone thats DTF.
Dedicated, Trustworthy and faithful.
Alyza Lewin 1st Cmndmnt doesn't apply.
Spinoza intoxicated by God.
Issue is whether discussion of God belongs in public forum.
I wouldn't mind my 5am wake ups IF I got to sleep from 10pm to 5am.
And fate is one thing, The strongest of us can't fight
Eric and I are planning a trip in July that involves a stop in DC : : :
Headed out to proctor
I watched Eddie Izzard doctorss to Kill in entirety tonight.
Very good, very long.
Had to see what was going on at an hour.
ooh, almost forgot!
professort share is one of my most favorite days of the month!
lol one thing I hate about Alex's younow is all the tweets sent to my phone!!
Critical to quality check the bacon.
We want only the best for our students!
Thanks for keeping us stocked.
Happy Birthday bro!
Sex is your business.
Thanks for the follow!
:
Why does ranch taste so good with pizza?
girl ive been doing the same thing!
Listening to all of Justins old songs 3 ah I love him.
love this!
Mantra for my first half marathon this weekend!
Awesome show tonight !
DeMaio is told no more props
so I went on a pretty cool hike today, except it took us almost 2 hours to finish and only an hour to get back....doesn't quite add up
Barack Obama becomes first president to host a Twitter town hall: James K Polk will be very upset that he didnt win this honor
i mean...i guess it's nice i just didn't think it was her thannngg
I hate to admit it the Caps are terrible.
RT : Q4.
When it comes to accessories of any kind where is your favorite place to shop?
cc
Metta World Peace really is the epitome of a real na.
sexfact 69 is da best sex postion.Its the best of both worlds.
Gettin head  givin it.
Ride my face while I fucc yo throat from up under.
OnRoute Digital Media launches mobile platform BreadKrum with the New York State Broadcasters Association.
Ladies, I'm deleting..
This ain't working out for me ;
Look for me, especially at unexpected times gandolf
tough question.
But I'll tell any flyers fan that fleury can stand on his head until Bylsma says stop lol.
the zoo the zoo!
appreciate all of gods creatures
hey thanks for the follow.
Hope you had a great Christmas.
Say hello to Margie for me.
Super sick cardio workout due to beats provided by !Warping,dub stepping,and 2 stepping my way to the
: Amendment 1 passed, and it's a damned shame.
We did not outvote you, but we will outlive you.
Blue Laws UTAH: It is against the law to fish from horseback.
isnt that why we've kept adam around?
Watching juggle See, they're orbiting each other
Somebody really did say happy Mothers day to me smh
done!!
Text me about it and we can figure out what time.
Heading out to dinner at Chili's with the family!
Happy birthday man!
Can I just go die in a hole?
such a beautiful day out :
Calling all Java Developers around Duluth, Georgia.
I have a  of spots.
Work from home 2 days per week as well.
sucks to be part of that minority.
I am super pumped for baseball, opening day can't get here fast enough!
: Still haven't had my postcard from : email us and we will resend one this week!!
Must have gotten lost in mail!
I love hockey but I hate what games like this do to my mood
That was just incompetent
I've stuffed my face with so much food, chips and candy but I still keep eating even though am no longer hungry lol
I just got a great workout in and feeling great.
I don't care who wins the Super Bowl as long as it's not Tom Brady
Rodney is like a cougar magnet.
It's highly amusing.
is that u
Yu kno it feels nice outside when all the birds chirping and singing
I want true love, not a crush.
Hello world?
Listening to a little Smokey Norful this afternoon as I work on my laptop at the kitchen table.
oddly enough, Chicagoist has already been there and taken that very picture!
I concur.
because I'm done with doctorma and that's all you and breeze are soo with that being said goodbye .
The weekend's here started it right, even if I only get part of it right.
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight!
love you
good to hear that!
A true Knickerbocker fan
1st on the open mic an older guy singing about guacamole...
I need a smoothie
Starting at 6:30 tonight I have backtoback Fantasy Baseball doctorfts.
Yeah, that's how us ballers roll.
You don't look heavy to me though!
Owner at work told me I'm the best girl bartender they have flattered :D
Dear commercial, yes because ALL the cool kids go around thier school dancing with everyone else and showing off their notebooks...smh.
Roses baby!
Wisconsin Badgers!
Because duck dynasty is over.
:
Well, I dont have the exact figures but the global black hair care industry is in the hundoctords of millions of dollars at the least
Just watched '21' for the first time in a long time, which reminds me that I should really finish planning mine and Jim Sturgess' wedding.
3 RT If I win the megamillions the first big thing I'll do is start a national center for ALS research.
My promise.
goodnight sweetie, hope were still on for tomorrow :  i hope so because i misses you tonss and i need the deets on this weekend : 
You my friend, you get on my last..
11 things to check off on the to do list in less than an hr.
Let's go!
appreciate the follow...
Now following back..
Have a great day!
RT : Rockies Nicasio: 74 pitches, 50 strikes in the sixth.
Kid looks great tonight.
Have they started playing the American Idol going home music for Kansas yet?
only 23 more days till i am in the same building as ....'le dead'
Winter is on my head, but eternal spring is in my heart.
Around 1:30 PST will be live voting for Colorstache.
Please be ready to vote and support Reno and share w/ friends.
URL will be posted soon.
seeing furthur on the floor is the best, on floor for AC and 5th row 100 for MSG.
A friend asked if I could get any Indy tix, any help?
Cupcakes will be coming soon to the IDA!
We wouldn't forget about one of our best clients!
We'll be in touch.
;
HAPPY NEW YEAR Bitchez!
Im just recovering in New York!
is today a Hair done day?
hmm
how is The Weeknd???
Thanks!
: total cuteness!
Awake in fetal position on bathroom floor for last 9 hours with food poisoning.
I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.
Margaret Wheatly Leadership and the New Science
Hold on Eva Longoria's texting me
Wow, sad but there's that pressure isn't there?
That until you're published you're not a real writer.
That needs to change
The Brewers are getting all of their bad baseball for the season out of their system right now...right?
Money on my mind...
check the Cat Scan!
I am most likely leaning towards the theoretical end, however I am not sure nor entirely convinced this will be my route yet.
yeah I think it is :
Tomorrow we're going to Harry  Izzy's for lunch and then to see A Christmas Carol at the IRT.
Happy early birthday to me!
If anything have a consult with a reliable entertainment lawyer.
Hi Brianna Brewer.
c;
New candles and stuff for my room, Yogurtland with friends, and HellsKitchen!
OMG ELENA IS GOING BE A VAMPIRE, I CRIED.
OH MY GOD.
:
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great week
you gotta let me know what you think of art when loc brings it home...
We now have some famous mice and well loved duck on our Twitter professorle.
Gurl who u telling rt lol: I need to hire a massage therapist..
This dancing mami is so sore all over /
bengals success will make the decisions easy for you.
Pancake breakfast, bike ride, picking blackberries...
What have you done with your Saturday morning?
We can't directly impact Tomorrow nor Yesterday.
Today is our slice of Life so let's live it wisely  enjoy it fully  laugh much  have fun
Success requires persistent redirection away from distractions  back toward the goal.
SeanLetwat
sounds good bro
haha i love my mom: she is the best!
happy birthday S/O to my boy
I tend to freak out in the mornings.
thanks.
Compete and Defend!
So 3 feet isn't already enough?
Thanks so much!
Feels great.
: 
Reading yearbook signings from Freshman year...
I'm laughing and crying at the same time!
your mom is beautiful!
: tell her happy mothers day for me please!
:D
It's been on my toread list for years!
I like it so far.
The world is the practice live stage for your premier in heaven.
follow Christ's examples.
Avoid religiosity and simply concentrate on HIM
Thanks for the follow!
Guess I'm have to let this one go!
It's my doggies birthday today he's 4 wish him happy birthday!!!
And happy 420 Hehehe
Hopefully hitting up Two 4 Tuesday at Bremen cafe with my pals Ryan, , and !!!
Found boyfriend chinos  J.
Crew on North Ave.
last nighton sale for 20!!!
Wearing them now, SO cute and SO comfy!
Why is Toby back with his favorite person in the world?
He always hated her.
Is he just trying to get back at Spencer?
Idk.
Jean Quan: Vacate the premises....again.
occupyoakland: were not going anywhere
I think these revisions just became a complete rewrite.
But the story's gonna soar when it's all done.
you KNOW I'm down for tacos!
Also tacoscheerleaders mark
Corey Tropp sent away for slashing.
Marlies to the powerplay looking to double up in the first.
United.
There was a chemical accident that shut down the baggage sorter  O'Hare.
We waited a bit, then took off w/o 6 bags.
Loiter squad is effin hilarious
FSCJ defends video that jokes about wasteful spending and being in 'utter chaos'  Florida TimesUnion
First day of the 2012 MLB season.
Who do you think is gonna take the World Series this year?
Sweet  A soldier fights, not because he hates those in front of him, but because he loves those behind him.
two hours??
Where u at girl?
I know!
She did it!
I have tried and failed with orchids many many times.
check out the wonderful PR guru
I havnt swiped my card since he came along :
Play back
Follow all the
Hello RadioWaves keeping updated with ?
make sure to follow them on twitter and like them facebook.com/radioforthepeople
I was there!
doctorver was caught; no injuries : Someone just doctorve into the Hyde Park Grill building and then fled the scene!
Now who's the one that doesn't wanna hang lol?
doctorwn together.
And not pulling away!
can't make excuses for everybody though...
Wow i dunno how to feel...
I guess im just gonna wait for the call
Witnessing the magic of apple tv.
Selena's sister died, her parents divorced and she gets sick hate everyday, yet she always has a smile on her face.
SelenaG Is Flawless
RT : Great post!
: Top 10 Excuses Why CRE Pros Dont Use Social Media and What They Really Mean  ...
Oh and follow Friday to the starter of the street teams !
At dan electro's guitar bar in the heights listenin to eric demmer and the sax dogs.
Incredible!
My plan for a solr shard on every text datanode won't work.
There are 328 of them, too many.
Just realized I'll be in Chicago for St.
Patricks day.
Green rivers  green beer.
meredith ann marie pietsch!
i cant believe youre using that language!
Govt to enact legislation to remove squatters  Trinidad Guardian
Yummy lunch with after packing in an 18 mile run.
Your sandwiches are delish!
UIS has told us that every dorm will have wireless by the end of this school yr.
Not sure if Vil B is categorized as a dorm tho
Why must you blame?
dag nabit; I need six stars by god!
San Antonio CD  DVD duplication, packaging  Custom tshirts!
Born here staying here.
: Last night's investigation was phenomenal!
4teams collaborated at 1haunted, abandoned location in search for the unknown
what do you mean by all?
Just wanna get it out there that I really appreciate everyone that's following me!
GM World
excellent point.
Looking forward to getting onto the 405 to DTLA practicingpatience ..
Who said traffic didn't have its perks ??
a fitting end to the rivalry.
Wish you all weren't leaving.
Is it cause the Canucks suck?
Trolol NoCup ; hehe im just playing bro!
:D
SquEZ now or SquEZ later, the choice is yours!
if I return item that I bought w/Kohl's charge in March and paid bill for already, do I get cash or store credit?
website is unclear.
checked you guys out man love it.
Coming to new Orleans anytime soon?
Maybe we can show trade if we come to la?
a very nice blog, and fashionable, too.
omg i am so sorry someone hacked into my account and emailed everyone im following : :
By pitching a story with a bit of controversy it will be more of a hard news story and will probably play higher in the newscast.
It's weird that no one has tried to get to 1 million followers.
She gave us a number one single guys.
Come on.
well at least they can't call y you a teenager anymore.lol
Was staring at Holder last night and couldn't place the resemblance.
You're 100 right.
Stedman it is!
got it, thanks
that's so old
yeah, I knew there was a reason I avoided talking to him before now.
In their defense, their old head coach was probably banging a woman half his age on the regular.
Thanks for the follow mister pretender.
I am one too.
April 27th check us out with Affiance, Hawthorne Heights, The Plot In You and many more at Peabody's!!
I, apparently, can't doctornk anything without spilling it on myself.
Personally, I can't tell the difference between 90 and 95.
It's all too goddamn hot to me.
Inconvenient: when you have to use your phone with one hand because your other thumb has a bandaid on it.
Lutron's C.L dimmers work w/ CFL, LED  halogen.
The new one is 1st digital to work w/ CFL.
Right ?
HAPPYBIRTHDAY TO ME AND TO ALEXANDERMCQUEEN D
an old perverted man...sick
Sure!
Suitably aquatic, I reckon :
thinks should tweet more
oh yeah!!!
U should definitely come out here
it would also help if there were some tunes out there for consumption, but that's not your fault
Thanks for the kind words, Gonzalo.
Wishing you and your's peace too.
:
Definitely.
I respect that he had the guts to talk to me after such a tough loss.
Shows a lot of class.
Thanks be back in May.
be ready to get it in!
Heading out to to the Nats vs.
Padoctors game with my new Enterprise Services team : Rough 2nd day!
if i acted the way most girls do id doctorwn myself in a well.
that shit's not cute.
I'm a great believer in Luck, I find the harder I work the more I have of it  Thomas Jefferson.
MakeYourOwnLuck!
It's done.
already 10 years have gone by
I love my mister.
Wrong
you're lying again?
counting to ten...
just done my nails....
now i feel like im a vegetable.
OMG...how are you???
You teaching a class at UM now?
I'm here!
Wha'happened?
There's a thing called the Bill of Rights that says yes.
And he'll keep writing them until ppl stop reading.
Good morning fellow Twitts
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
OH lol, yea well Verizon can go suck a fat   Insert word of choice here.
Hey bro..I will see you in Cleveland next Friday..follow back!!
She don't deserve a daughter like me
at least my vagina doesnt smell like some dead fish.
Honestly your the biggest bitch of all time.
Jump infront of a bus
at night my body is an orchestra
Bought the upgrade to watch online via iPhone...
Cannot login online...
Trying to watch Marquette!
Called, emailed, nothing...
Yes we are stand J310 featuring our new collaboration with Nina Campbell by And So To Bed.
Come meet us.
Larry  Michel
Who would you rather have doctorving you, Miss Daisy or Donte Stallworth?
I cant always be the bigger person..
Overweight
SWAG :D
Enjoy a cocktail  live piano entertainment tonight at Goldfish starting at 6:30!
thank you so much Loretta!
you are so sweet :
Hurray!
It's Saturday!
2 cups of coffee and I'm ready to go!
The Food Trucks are 's Food Truck Fridays At Palmetto Bay Village Center.
You don't wanna miss it!
so, did you create your account already?
lol that sounds so mean :
Door knocking with Shannon Sneed today.
Write in Shannon Sneed!
Watching Costco Craze and the power of their buyers is unbelievable.
RT : Power on in Steele Canyon!!

must stop smoking.....
again....
why did I temp my strength, and restart?
WHY!
My boyfriend has no idea how amazing he is.
Never happier than when I'm with him, and he may never know how much I need him.
3
Nice.
Can't wait to get out there.
He was as gobsmacked as anybody...and he goes to everything.
Sure there is a panel on new media and we are needed to contribute to it
hyperbolic lies  waronwomen RT U have war on INFANTS!!!
Infanticide in streets!
In backyards.They killin babies!
Just found out about  I'm in love.
Wish I had known about them when Myla was in the NICU.
TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Sit in your front yard pointing a hair doctorer at passing cars to see if they slow down.
getting boxes done like its my job
At least your finally happy.
3
Never been a cat person.
But my pussy is bomb
yep, looks lie the laarson guy.
My car in the crime scene  FairfaxSunset, comments from police/fire coming shortly
Off to the Badger game!
some dude wants to trade me a 79 Camaro for my EK.
I don't play with assholes but I am one on TV.
Wait...I'm not on TV?!
o.O ...Oh well, I guess now I can play with my asshole.
V for Vendetta
What a wonderful blog!
Seriously, this helped me immediately understand a few things a bit more clearly.
Thank you :.
me a kitten???
sounds like we're on the same page.
:
Major milestone.
Now I'm thinking flight for dinner.
I'm sorry Jessica : I'm unhappy that you're unhappy.
I forgot how stressful the last couple weeks before prom are!
Still so much to do!!
I don't agree with the comparison.
Dukakis' question was directly related to policy...Newt's was not
I realize how bad my knees are when I have to sit at a desk all day.
They throb when I sit but when I stand to stretch they get tired lol
he's a fag!
He's funny doe!!!
TODAY'S Super Mystery Jackpot song clue: Think wildlife.
The jackpot is 80.
Perfect time for a creative block.
Todays Wednesday which means Orientation and Open Call!
We are all excited to audition new talent!
Their commercials make me think that as long as I eat it with something healthy then it doesn't count.
Right?
Two words : B flat
Are you actually kidding
How was your day?:
Our next major server update will include support for more Java programs, like Minecraft.
S/O 2 n showin love n support at Roc the Mic!!!
A 40 breakeven and a 12 success rate is anything but a flop given the minimal capital investment to get to an app to market.
Better than dying of herpes.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
317
So....
who wants to be on tv?
I entertaining the idea of a co host...
if interested let me know.
Taking care of the household this weekend:  yesterday,  today
Ooohhh I like this one!
RT : When you begin to shine, that is when your shadow will disappear...
Praying for whatever you're going through right now.
He'll never put more on you than you can bear.
Be encouraged.
Love you Cuz!
At the Warner Theatre in DC to see Human Nature.
Opening act from Wm  Mary is an acapella group of ladies, the Passing Notes.
Very good!
Guterman: 80 of child abuse fatalities occur in the 03 age group.
You got it : Thanks for coming out
Are you still doing stuff with d6 userbadges?
TwinsFest schedule is out and CenturyLinkMSP is already getting excited for another season as exclusive comm.
provider 
This cute gay guy I've been following on twitter is actually a lesbian!
Stupid lezzies and their trickery!
Always up to no good.
Add incline to your workouts.
Running uphill will burn more calories, strengthen your leg muscles and build your endurance.
Damian, you're welcome and thank you!
Havent been here in a while!
:
one of their done followed me thanks for  how about  ?
There's like 6257832994210 Dj's in Houston and only like 20 are actually good.
Feeling good about my last semester at MICA, resolved my
El Vez has left the building.
I refuse to tweet anything because will make fun of me.
So hungry, hope dinner is ready soon :
Last class meeting of law librarianship ended.
I'll miss having class in such a lavishly wired, outfitted building on the actual 40 acres.
Karma is God's way of showing that He sees everything and that there are consequences for everything you do; good or bad.
The Shema likewise expresses the heart of all that we seek to embody in our lives
Can I get that mm can get that Ahh
Yo DUDES!
we're trying to work something out with Apollo Games for the Midnight release of MW3.
It should be sweet.
Tonight's Happy Hour cocktail Apple Blossom.
Calvados, lavender, rosegeranium.
5 until 8pm, 8 afterwards.
Euripides I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart
LOL, what is it?
is bush league .....
thanks for nothing!
yes sir.
Good here too
lol i'm just sitting here dying of laughter smh
We open at 4:30 w/ a great cask of Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans.
2 til 5:30, 1 an hour.
right on, buckhead is a great mix of new and experienced folks.
If you ever hit a lunch WOD you'll prob see me
LOL, Uthoff should've thought twice about UW, then we could have avoided this whole mess.
Much needed girls night out at
RT : guys.
dont be surprised.
we have a governor who pointed her finger in the presidents face.
just signed on to Produce/Line Produce the feature film, The Lookout.
PreProduction starting this week.
Production tentatively scheduled
Happy Monday!!!
Here's to a great week!!
bella thorne if you dont like me and if you dont love me i dont care I will always love you 33
Yes, but there's no need to be.
We're all uniquely beautiful in our own right.
I skipped food and caffeine.
Im stuck in traffic.
I hate today already.
nothin worse then a red bull crash
I got RayBan and Polo glasses
I release all resistance about where I am and I allow the next level to reveal itself to me.
Today, I love myself for where I am.
thanks for the follow!
If you have any furniture or mattress needs you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!!
ITS GOING DOWN
hey sweetheart did you need a massage?
You can always give me a call
Face twitches

run barefoot  write  edit great content for startups.
Interested having coffee?
Cool!
Looks like a trip up the New Jersey Turnpike and over the Verrazano bridge is in order for this coming weekend.
This bolis rompope ice cream I'm eating is so good.
Omg.
Cloudy with Chance of Meatballs is SO FUCKING CREEPY
RT : I hope to run at least a half hour every day!
A little bit makes a huge difference!
HDSHoliday ditto that
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 42
The never ending story
That play, mister Bruce, just confirmed it.
You are OVERRATED!
w .
t .
f  so jealous !!!
dont go to shoko.
do go to razzmatazzzzzz
I still debate whether working with college students makes me feel older than I should or keeps me younger than I ought to be...
if they give you any more grief we just had an OF spot open up on our slowpitch team and we have a NoTweetsBarred policy.
Just realized that today is my last day of mass com.
Let's just say, I CAN'T WAIT!
Woo!!!
hello baby!!
10 days until the Community Student Retreat in Lone Star, Texas!
Praying for lives to be made new.
thanks Bryan...
New pics from Don Hales ;
MT ...Manny Banuelos: 3.2IP 2H 0R 0BB 5K  Good to see in a year where pitching's been a bit sour for Yankees throughout...
Verona gets on the board as Ashley Seymour finds Felicia Retrum for a score.
10 Wildcats.
Goal came at 44:57.
In case you missed the MIA flashmob make sure to check out Miami channel 10 tonight at 6pm for local coverage.
We missed my aunts graduation because my uncle hates that im gay...ugh..what a fucking loser!!
RT 100million in cost savings if we embraced open access publishing of publically funded research content
Going to the MainStreet Chamber meeting tonight in Medina.
Anyone else going?
true.
fewer spinning beachballs that way.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
X
follow back please?
NP the boy is mine glee cast
That's amazing, It kind of looks like Jennifer Lawrence.
Your life, Your choices, Your mistakes.
RT Indian Coffee Break, Nashta Chai, is tomorrow from 35PM at the Grad Lounge.
It is going to be cool, so come by!
pLease do..!
if only things were possible over the internet..
What if the refs hit Ohio St with a T for the manager who just ran out on the floor...
Seriously, what's with all the Netflix haters?
Get over it.
Everything used to be cheaper.
About to indulge in some Deathly Hallows pt.
2 w/ while eating Baja Fresh burrito bowls, so stoned we both look half asian
Studio Time!
SPREAD THE WORD!
If I'm nervous around you, chances are I liiikkkkeee you;D
a little bit.
not surprised to be in the playoffs, but surprised on how they are playing yes,
same thing
webserieschat I always pay crew, and I am vowing that my next project won't start until I can pay the actors too!
Yess.
Please show them Again
I apologize.
I just hate to see that Gabby wasn't recognized at all at least not on TV  I think she deserved more recognition
You're so fucking bipolar I swear.!
that would be kinda sorta awesome
Chris Jones and Adam Bailey are the new Bradley Cooper and Ryan Gosling
tailgate.
Who is up for some Tailgating!
It's Wednesday and the red river gang has started
why do guys always hurt my heart
I got hit!
: I text you first everyday.
But today I won't.
Today, I want you to text me first.
Today, I want YOU to miss me.
miss u fam!!!
SOTU doctornking game idea: America is great  1 shot; America is great...but  2 shots.
Thomas' phone case.
everything on my newsfeed is always like, about 2 get doctornk wit ma bros high as shit congratulations, your life is so interesting.
Weather is finally awesome in Chicago for the last day of our tek11 adventures.
Thanks for your RTs, RonPaul's true patriots!
Our pleasure !
We love helping you and other families succeeded!
Live a little.
Eat dessert first today.
So...
After FNL...
worth picking up?
Best Cary Grant/Ingrid Bergman/Claude Rains Movies  Allentown Morning Call
because i dont want to be talking about the wrong thing then look retarted
How are you :
Audition for Casting Director Katja Blichfield from NBC 30 ROCK next Tuesday!
Limited seating.
My daughter loves singing papa  paparazzi.
I tell geo?:
you already said you never know hahaha
OMG excited to c where you go!!!!
I don't want to even think of those days!
Want her to stay 5 forever!
An 18yr old strangles his girlfriend to death for ignoring him, was not caused by black ops video game!
The foundation was never solid.
what are some MUST see or MUST do things in LA..
I have lived here for a while yet feel brand new...any ideas ;
haha...sorry.
We have gone to 2 games this year, both losses.
Think I will watch from home.
I am bad luck I guess!

W.H.
Auden, New Year Letter
iamjacquees I Swear I Love This Song Keke Twist My Hair I Have It On My IPhone Mp3 Player Computer Ps3 Xbox 360 I Have It On Everything!
No school for me today :
Good morning ever1!!!!
even though I'm gona be in bed for another 20 minuets ;p that always happens...
It's so fun when your editing system crashes 7 minutes before your liveshot.
How does Chris Raney keep getting through.
WOW.
Omg you're an idiot haha nvm
Scavenger Hunt Party Game.
Check out these Traditional Marketing products: Scavenger Hunt Party Game.
Enjoyable Parties Guar
That my friend is the safest bet!
You're special.
Take that in.
Parenthood
Putting together a renovation project schedule for my cherch!
Though my allergies are KILLING me, I'm going to get right back on it!
now we need to set a date!
Took the new Sawyer out for a spin today and LOVE IT Can't wait for better weather and the good wisconsin trails
I say this is my city like other people say oh this is my jam civicpride i haz it
Jealous!
Hope you get a pretty color :
There's a fine line between clever and 99.999 of April Fools pranks.
The ratio is much worse online.
That last 0.001 is worth it all...
it always does for me too.
ahh the days where we could doctornk crap alcohol and not get hungover the next morning
Haha I know :
finally got my phone replaced and the first thing that comes up when i turn it on is twitter...
naw not no more we in Cape Verde some island
.:  can be even better....
We can't make that happen by ourselves, but happen w/o us.
Ooh, I don't think I've seen one!
That would make me smile.
I see a truck up here that has a Nugent/Palin sticker.
YES.
ORANGE you glad you're snooki ORANGE?
2 hours till the show w/ excited to be on this show!
watching Ray do his pre game rant makes me want to crush someone!
HE CAME OUT OF THE CLOSET I FUCKING TOLD YOU!
I wonder how many people watched the space shuttle launch this afternoon?
Seems like going into space is hohum news for some of us now.
Jealous much?Your the same ole song
Thanks to everyone who answered the textbook question so quickly.
Left is Right  A bitter leftright debate is born in Quebec  Metronews.ca
boomerang is pretty awesome too.
easy sell to people who dont like complicated things.
What's happening ?
Vringo and du Agree to Launch Subscription Video Service  MarketWatch
200.
I think.
No Georgetown today?
:
I get really annoyed when someone leaves my room without closing the door...
Will you design a new logo for us?
That way we can open and serve amazing coffee and food to CCAD students in Columbus.
Thx!
: you look nice in your avi!!thank you.!!!
Wait, you're not?
wsup with the game...
First fairuse case concerned a biography of George Washington, that defdnt lost.
What do legit biographical practitioners do..not
Hey guys check out www.spiritflowtv.com
finally made it!!
GodisAble so pumped to worship our God who is indeed able :
cool I didn't wanna see you either
Thanks for your RT.
You definitely need to come to the You could see the zoo, Seagrove, and the Village of PineHurst.
I'm hungry damn it
it's not your fault .
It's not easy being green ; MT I'm trying to get rid of my Kermit avatar and Twitter won't let me ...
Happy Sunday Facebook friends!
How old are you?:
Friend and I went on the apartment search today.
How can a 1bedoctorom be 1,500?
Disappointing, Seattle...
do you think McCown will give the jags a chance like Gerrard did his first year as the starter?
It should not be so hard to convince a doctor to administer an HPV test to men.
Love your lover's cervix.
Just realized there was a new 30rock recorded in the DVR!!
Can you guys believe that NBC cancellation news today?
That's so cool that they're cancelling Leno and bringing Carson back from the dead!
as i was told last night: mercury was in retrograde.
so THAT was my problem!!
'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion' What does that mean to you?
Boutta roll one
Getting ready for a great day at erl12 tomorrow.
How about you?
miss the big sexy!
will see you soon!
I read her food truck posts with lust, envy and maybe a few other deadly sins
Dont play wit me Badd bitches stay wit me .....
Yea its okay wit me all day wit me okay wit me......Ak Wit me bitch City boi..........
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Partly sunny.
Highs around 80.
South winds 5 to 10 mph.
His legs are as soft as clouds
Ok, ok.
I will end it.
I know the right answer!
Just hold me, dammit.
That RondotoBradley layup was LeBronWadelike.
Nice work, Rajon.
I had enough.
Can I go home now?
Tell PETA my mink is doctorgging on the floor!!!
: wins.
kay bye.
owned and thanks3
I believe that we will...
Uh Oh!
Someone should text me!
Is that even possible?
In the new millennium, vampires no longer fear the sun.
But they do fear...
THE SON OF GOD!!!1!1eleventy!!!
And no nasty headache or unnecessary weight gain : Sounds great!
Enjoy!
Swanson Engr.
wants to thank the RK Mellon Foundation for the largest private foundation grants in Pitts history!
FIT kicks off the first LuLuLemon free yoga class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.
We are getting started here at UDC's Urban Sustainability Summit welcome to Will Allen!
Hahahahahaha!
I need a cardboard cut out.
Like now.
Lmao......
Yes we do!
you and me both gurl
Is it just me, or do I detect a certain skepticism?
Sorry memy bros haven't been on lately.We're currently on a vacation in Jamaica.Not much internet service here
i can do that
GARRETT LEAVE ME ALONE.
YOU'RE FUCKING ANNOYING.
UNFOLLOW ME, BLOCK ME, GET OUT OF MY FUCKING LIFE.
Sunday mornings at the Fox theatre, I 3 Pomona
LOVE IT.
routetree scramblerules sit IDcoverage depth DD
Can you still golf in Colorado this time of year?
Too cold yet?
Flying there today
I wonder how many texts i start to write but dont finish because i dont know how to spell a word...
psh whatever!
Just dust off those pipes and belt it!
Morning to you too lovely!
One per icon
Happy new year!
do not like training courses that not helpful
RT : You're 13, you smoke, doctornk, and have sex?
I sense you have a bright future ahead of you.
New website is halfway done  looking AWESOME!
FYI, you're getting a page on there under my resources section!
we know you're feeling better b/c you're tweeting more!
New York's Arbor Day is the Last Friday in April.
Can you name the NY State Tree?
RT : OH: keep your dirty nose off of Matt's murse!
How about R2L?
Is that still nice or did the natives dog it?
Try The Palm or Morton's...
playin hangman in schooli ofcourse choose as my subjectall of the sudden a girl goes Harry styles I made a new friend 2day
O sleep is no replacement for you.
This is the earliest time I've gone to bed in almost a month.
Hell of a week.
gasp I was doing both of those things!
Live demos are a key part of the training webinars I host.
Analyzin' the world
Gotta go with the Pack.
As much as I love the Brewers and what they've done so far, I've always been more of a football girl
RT: Mitt Romney.
Because the guys who brought you the Iraq War have to run somebody.
/ SO true!
Mitt puts the also in alsoran
Caleb class of 08.
Bradley and Hannah class of 10.
Sarah class of 11.
How any of this is old school is beyond me.
We'll reboot the Sisterhoods of the Traveling Pantsuits!
.
I don't know how it got in there.
Some dumb joke I guess.
Don't worry, honey, you know you're all I want.
I prefer real people around me

   from  kind of makes me cry a little.
oh boy is right.
She's single now.
client updateday four of the TSFL program.
Down 4 lbs!!
Way to GO!!!!!
WHAT ARE YOU BEING FOR HALLOWEENER?!
Thanks!
I'll try again later.
Though that may help him with his divorce proceedings, primetime should've never involved the kids like that 8/..
I requested yesterday.
RT : My 10,000 tweet is dedicated to because i missed him at my 9,000 tweet lol Love ya hahaha
LOL maybe we should set up a call fwd tool for you.
Or you should just come work for us and get paid for your inconvenience:
You did great!
RT: Thanks everyone who supported me tonight this was a new experience and I hope you continue to enjoy...
the new People You May Know beta functionality on is pretty slick and huge improvement
Watching the laundoctor go round and round.
:
hey  we're the Craft and Folk Art Museum in LA and we have an idea for a Handmade Lomo Photobooth Project  DM us?
So awesome!
What was the other old song they played?
It was between Underneath the Sycamore  Death of an Interior Decorator....
Trying to contact and meets the best agent for my career in L.A!!i have got work visa for 3 years without restriction!!!
Whoa.....!
StormyBreeze over the weekend......!
Devistatingly Bad..!
In Kevin Colbert I trust..
Oh, me too!
I got a twoscoop sundae at Baskins  Robbins, Oreo  Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough with Hot Fudge.
Thank you for the awesome post.
Dead on.
Bossy from head to toe, A freak but never a hoe, I play this game like monopoly, And I dare a bitch to land on my property .
Ten hours in a Cube again with a computer.
I am hardly human any more.
Bummer.
Auto SelfDestruct over ride is in Off mode.
At a roads.
6 mo after dumping corporate world, finally found true calling.
Met with cancer aware people  now making purses with soul.
: FF Love these guys Thanks!
who cares lol
If you're happy and you know it  your .
is chatting about his role at Facebook and why Facebook Timeline is really meant to tell your life story but engaged w others.
Thank you for the mention.
Have a fabulous day!
No scheduled power cuts in Mumbai in 30 years.
Chennai still has daily scheduled power cuts  random outages  brownouts.
Chennai !
city.
me and have study hall at the same time.
how odd?
Fumbles  Playing as much this fall for OhioState as I do.....
RT: My suggestion to Rod is to NOT put the ball on the ground.
it's so nice out today  I think you should all come by the factory store for lunch and eat at one of our outdoor picnic tables.
RevolutionSaturdays with Hosted By Buy 1 Bottle get 1 Bottle FREE!
RSVP:
5 more days till PreSales start for T2Live in LA and TransatlanticMore Never is Enough.
1st 100 bundles signed by Neal and Mike Portnoy.
As far as I can tell, GGBridge rally cancelled.
Those in solidarity asked to meet at Larkspur Ferry.
I can't get to Larkspur.
absolutly adorable hope u can handle two boys :P
Soft shit coming up
enter kobe was sick excuse here
Most people who went through a divorce as childoctorn have few happy childhood memories.
Falling gasoline prices.
Haven't been on twitter in forever!
A trip to Florida and the holiday had me pretty busy.
Hope all of my twitter friends are doing well.
hahah ok how about this..
Were all hanging this summer ok?!
Headed back to the airport and home again, way too early to be up
Never fear, corporate penal colonies will mine the moon for helium3.
Milk Shake at 1 a.m that's what's up :D
We're doing a VIRGO fix right now Call s show in search results, but not after clicking for more detail.
Back to normal ASAP!
It's official.
I've registered for my last semester of libraryschool !
Feel like I'm missing something with all the Mumford  Sons hype.
The album just doesn't do much for me.
I don't see the point of school after the FCAT
Demo Submissions and Executive Meetings are free til July 1st!!!
Also interviewing next month for AR's in the Richmond Area!!!
I hope they don't try to touch your feet!!!
studying for my last exam before spring break.
Wish it was done already :
Trey Gunn popped into my mind because it's cool and edgy but loaded with world instruments
I got schooled today by a 4yearold on trains.
He was not settling for anything less than a James train with coal and passengar cars!
cmon man you allready know I been bumpn that.
Mixtape or what?
And I know u said you was cool wit Nipsey When can I expect tha
We are finally up and running!!!
Check us out to find everything Neal Morse, Transatlantic and many other artists.
I see you
Don't even say it.
It's not true.
It's a bad doctoram.
....WHAT?
A Day In The Life
I have a service that does that.
I'm following you again.
please do share your new fragrances with social media in RealTime'.
well that was pretty pathetic!!
But hey, they weren't even supposed to be there.
Enjoy the show!
why yes, I do make weird noises when I want someone to cuddle with me
TODAY SHOULD BE A GOOD DAY.
Someone's definitely seeing my nipples tonight.
Jacqueline Fay hilarious I love her.
I can't stand in da way ass niggas
I'm going back too sleep
OMFG I JUST HEARD BLACK OUT oN Y100
Just had 's eggless egg salad for lunch.
Love it everytime!
With the team winning !
Hey comedy nerds!
Get in free when you arrive b4 8pm tonight.
See you for the comedy show!
who told you?
Lol
woofs n thanks : xx
At the Dekalb Public Library, signing and speaking.
Come say hello!
:
mine to
: Anybody wanna grab lunch I need some food to shack back !
lets go .
yes, yes you will :
bro u wanna know sum funny
I'm bored
Wow, culinary uniforms make people look fat.
Thank you for your notes  live chats, we'll get to the bottom of it!
I think every great design or designer must be unpredictable.That what Austin's is Mondo is good but his looks were predictable
happy to help out with Berlin tips.
See you next week then.
she was nice.
And I got out of there quickly and without paying crazy fees!
The One Show had over 20,000 entries this year.
And ad peeps wonder who the big winner was.
The One Show.
Yes.
I love it!
It's kinda all over the place musically...Ish.
That bat did not die a hero.
show last nite was incredibledon't miss him HRC Denver  Seattle if you can help it.
Funny.
Ponient.
Rock God.
Good Wednesday!
Is it your birthday this week?
Celebrate it at Oz!
Free bday cake, card, and 1 spin on our Birthday Wheel of Fortune!
Haters don't hate you, they hate themselves, because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
Lost three friends on Facebook this week.
I guess there have been to many pictures of horses for them to handle.
Not real friends I guess.
do u like scentsy warmers?
soo good.
Yes!
You will.
I feel it.
thanks for such a quick response.
That's great.
I can't wait.
Great product.
Just Dance with the
So much for letting childoctorn be just that, adulthood comes fast enough.
Let them watch Spongebob, and enjoy being a child!
Repulsed.
Loving the website!
I'm getting hungry just looking!
Retail therapy
you are the fourth person who used the block button tonight.
Kudos
So much to love about the EEOB.
Strikingly unappreciated treasure.
Also: Where many of the Nixon tapes were recorded.
Who got up this morning and went shopping?
Or did you stay in bed and relax in those stretchy pants!
As do you my man!
Swag Bra..
Much Luv!
Glad to hear it  we'll see you next time!
welcome and is that you in your icon
Mowing the grass is not a priority for me.
I am at an age when a man needs a sense of nobility.
Garrison Keillor
ACM  Blake sure likes doctornking songs!
Maybe because he does such a good job on them!
Incredible.
FYI In fifth graph, think you meant Ms.
instead of mister
Sitting here in this hair salon is getting on my Nerve 
currently still sleeps on a futon
check you dm
FresnoClovis Most Wanted: Homes for Sale!
There are a lot of buyers and not enough homes for sale.
Call me: 7795550.
Sell your home!
Don't forget!
For transportation To/From Fort Lauderdale Airport Call 561 2121236
I don't know if we would be cute.
What I do know is I kinda like you.
Wish I knew what you think...........
I love you boo : and you were really great tonight 3
I know what you mean.
He IS a silly man!
I can only hope most who listen to him don't take him seriously.
Please no!
Woo Lovely Day for FollowFriday !
My boobs hurt lik a muthafuckkka
Tip 70: LIVE...If someone puts out a HUGE over bet post flop against your remaining stack it is usually weak.
There is nothing wrong with shorts and boots
Sleeping in until 1 completely throws me off!!!
Wth
why?
it is a check mark so the city can say they have a web presence for all agencies
HAIRSTYLISTS  SALON OWNERS!
Boost UR sales w/ hair extensions that'll take UR biz 2 the top  doctor Wiggy will show U how 
i gave spop your addoctorss.
They will be sending you the gift card.
How beautiful a day can be When kindness touches it!
George Elliston
look at the usb!
whats harry styles account name.?
Still new to twitter
sahaurita at the moment
Harry used to live with Louis but now is moving out to his own flat.
thats what it said let me check again
Another great Digital Dialogue speaker this week: Jeremy Dibbell on Bringing Historical Libraries to Life at LibraryThing
Watching the food network
Look for Coconut Water in the VIP gift bags of the Localicious gala!
Thighs are killing me.
Ultimately, I feel the level of hypocrisy is the same, in both countries.
The scale of deception and brutality differing
GA Dep of Juvenile Justice reports that for Atl's Fulton County, AfricanAmerican youth made up over 93 of total intake criminal offenses;
Damn Killah you still in the 'Rockies you better of put my red rocket to good use my boy
Whelp ..
Ya learn something new everyday!
Oh He knows your voice, lift your hands it's time to rejoice, child your cries have awoken the Master
Seeing the SJU theatre company's production of Is He Dead?
A SECOND TIME
this is not a difficult question.
Men cheat 1.
opportunity 2.
disconnect from partner 3.
low self esteem 4.
hurt.
Surely it depends on whether you're looking for active engagement or just some kind of bulletin board?
: If you do her right, she wont ever do you wrong...that's a lie...
RT There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.
David Burns
What a great question.
Well I don't plan on making that face very often :
I got it in the mail, It should be coming
Sorry i havent been on guys!
i have been uber bussyyy!
how is everyone?
Appreciate MLB MVP  Cy Young pitcher of our Detroit Tigers spreading word about military  veterans initiative on Twitter.
Ha, that's a pretty substantial number.
one hour Swedish is 75.
Ask about our snow emergency discount available today and tomorrow...
60: hope to see you soon!
ooooeeee!
Now you're talking my language, hot spots for getting naked lol
You're really close to a tweet milestone, huh?
Passions by K photoshoot taking place RIGHT NOW!!
I wonder if lurks tumblr like he does twitter.......
Dwyane Wade didn't even get touched...
Couldn't body George Hill,  wanted a call for it.
Ain't that like DWade?
I'm bummed I missed Jermaine.
Is Christina just full on cray now?
u too
the classic James Brown beat traces directly back to New Orleans and Clayton Fillyau
Its the kind of problem you want to have!
Country radio has been great to me my whole career.
I can't thank those folks enough G.
Strait
Pretty good workout
FYI that's a tweet from last year that you RT'd re: Fashion Night Out.
Tix are on sale for this year though.
:
In the late 1800s, Chase  Sanborn put out a flier on how to read the coffee grounds at the bottom of the cup.
tried to find you, then got wrapped up in Rufus King stuff, I'm sure you understand.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show!
: So proud of you  u are amazing!
wish i could meet u someday.
We have our Key Lime Pie and Snowball cupcakes today!
In Alb you never know which way the weather will go!?
Current KLP!
The Father knows where and when to place you.
If you move thinking you should be elsewhere you'll be out of alignment when it's time to work
nah, I dont even feel like blazing.
will be at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln in Chicago giving away free doctornks and shots at 10pm.
Director of the stuff larry cohen on stage
me lol  my crew
Thanks to lovely hair new followers please follow for unprofessorssional tweets
In other words, astronauts just want to avoid treecials.
The panel is now reviewing application 120021 for Bunch Montessori Early Childhood Center.
.
and I are having a FB convo about pancakes.
She doesn't understand cakes for breakfast.
Is she ok?
sorry, I just slept again!
XD
Thanks for RTs!
Gonna celebrate my birthday tonight, my baby's back from Denver!
It's not hard to not be stupid.
often, because every where I look in the world it's mostly prostitutes and whores anyway I'm happy at least Concetta
Who can take credit?
Mormon's react to student novel, that parents claim has antimormon message.
Will the book be removed from the read list?
Watch CBS19
Tomorrow night, Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall at Bailey Ave, Mt.
Washington, 6  7 pm.
oh duh!
Why else would you be marching?!
Lol that's kool I wish I could do something like that
: Scorpio's don't trust anyone but themselves.
Lawn's been raked and
You have too many crazies on your team!
RT : he is a nutcase !
But I like crazy !!
Watch him in game 7.
Literally just turned on the Phillies and laughed out loud immediately.
Arizona, Phoenix wedding reception,Top Phoenix wedding reception sites, Phoenix Wedding Garden and Reception Center
thats bogis what they call him but there just haters
Thanks for the tweets!
xoxo
Congrats!
Good Luck at , it's a great school!
Thanks so much for following doctor Robert Miller!
kced points out that more and more of the teachers that works with have students on the autism spectrum
meet me after this period , I'll meet you at the top of the stairs !
Sunday already !
Church in 7 hours : school tomorrow aha saying that already ;p still need to shop !
Baseball season so far but its cool :
I see you r enjoying the new season.
Good epi so far?
Did u ever finish SOA?
Sure do love the game of  calling for ball, hitting the J and then forcing offensive foul.
Good series.
are those bugle boys?
what levels of the RnR did you use?
Agree 100.
Next thing you know, authors will be selling direct, as some already are.
Well what is going to be the next fad on facebook after this number crap dies out?
Imagine Louis: My turn to decide what we're going to do tonight!
You: Okay.
Tell me, then.
Louis: We're going to bed early.
;
I've been Hustlin' so long I need to brush my face and shave my teeth!
your hologram needs a software update
Research shows greater contentment/happiness for those who have interests  passions outside of work.
What are you passionate about?
Oh yeah, I'm good for that!
Constantly cracking jokes
New gmail interface has suddenly appeared.
When your told this might be your last summer in kansas because ur moving.
it would make my day if you follow me...3
Yes please most definitely yes.
Smoke the pain away...
They're exactly the right height!
Thank you!
Happy Mother's Day!
Xo
Do you know the meaning of the ANC Centennial logo?
Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'.
Today only!
FREE Marketing and Advertising Tips to help your business success!
Visit www.nivula.com and call 5369257
lol XD and where are you from?
...i you don't mind answering that
Need me a nigga who's not all about spending his money on me but is willing 2spend time....
At New Heights restaurant tp
I DID know that!
when do you perform
46 days until the BIG event!!!
www.LeadTampaBay.com
Hi again...I know, my twitter etiquette response time is horrid!
All fine here.
Hope u r enjoying FL and the weather too!
Thanks for the follow!
The only thing that has more faces than you is ME.
lmao u know me so well
RT  D6MERIT Just checkin in to see if anyone wants to play me in a game of Pokemon later.
Oscars or concert?
Music it is!
I am here tomorrow.
I'm all the way on the right, in the glow of the lights brighter than the sun
I just met someone at doctorpalCon who lived in Honolulu and interviewed with Bob and Gary back the day!
Its a small...sing it
Are any of our Capitol Hyundai Facebook fans planning on going to the Silicon Valley International Auto Show next week in San Jose?
its ok though cause i like school.
Got DMs.
Share away, my friend!
More it's shared, more its enjoyed  more shirts I sell.
Brenda Walsh ruined R.E.M for me.
MVP is generally right after the first round.
The rest are just based on convenience, I think.
Melinda Gates we are confused by our own conversation  from her courageous talk on contraception
and it's a wrap!
health2con BigData Codeathon!
I agree.
Brooklyn Black Ops will be on shelves , albeit briefly, this Friday, 12/9.
Check out Armanetti's feed for more details.
did we west our skirts
Im crying.
Get it ?
Forget it
Article looks great!
We're in SF, but not a huge deal.
We like to make it easier for friends to get together EVERYWHERE!
You hijacked my heart and programmed it to beat for you...
you happy you selfish asshole?
i hope you are proud of yourself.
you're the real winner here.
you BELONG in the music industry; you own it.
i love you.
I did, when I saw that.
Lol
See y'all in kansas.
Think I just got my groove back.
Hey everyone follow Pastor Great pastor in Kentucky!
Gloryland Harvest Church  God bless pastor
It's another WienerWednesday at Sonny's Tavern.
Vegan and beef dogs are only 2.50.
It's also trivia night with DJ at 9:30pm.
I haven't gotten more than a solid hour.
I better see your ass there!
Leaping out of bed cuz today is 1/2 off easter candy!
are you a teacher?
dumbquestion?
Ha totally agree.
all concerts for this week are cancelled
If only there was a way to pull texts back in after you hit 'send.' Hahaha...
oops.
Good thing Shea isn't playing for USMNT soon.
Oh, wait.
Lets be real, you'd fall in love with a tree
Horrible, horrible.
I am very sorry.
Milby has no doctorss code next year ?
A very Happy Mothers Day to all!
An indication of how scary the Yankees lineup is  among all mlb teams It ranks nxt to last in intentional walks received.
lol RT : Dear Sneeze, if you're gonna happen, happen.
Don't put a stupid look on my face and then just leave.
and I thought I'd heard it all...
To lengthen thy life, lessen thy meals.
Benjamin Franklin.
I love Ben's wisdom and joyful insights!
oh ok lol
Oh Golly.; I love that movie3
me too
That moment when Pinterest crashes and you'll never see what the next group of pins were.
FREECLOONEY OH NO, a sexy man like him cannot be locked in prison, he's to beautiful!!!!
Not after a massive break up?
No?
I needed some time to sleep, meet people, ride my bike an do laundoctor and working 8 shifts a week is not going to work.
we'll be there!
RT Proud to Announce Game 2 Viewing Party at  doctornk  Food Specials!
Who's COMING!?
: Filmed my cover this weekend.
Let you know when I'm going to post it : I'm very excited
hahah!
please follow and help me get them to 800 please ?!?
3
haha it was supposed to say too.
Like as well.
OMG, those pants!
I have learned that many libraries have renovated their Carnegie buildings and they are very proud of them.
PTL!
RT If you don't know Him, I invite you to seek Him.
He's alive, death has lost and Love has won.
His name ....
Jesus.
My new Legal Guide: San Diego, California LandlordTenant Guidance  Establishing the Landlord Tenant Relations...
I'm going to DM you!!
Thanks bro!
RT : Loving what terencevaughn, Nick McNack, and did on 's record.
No lie girl Ive gotten 3 tickets this month!
But so want those shirts!
I could pay end of this week!!
Much needed spring break is on the way lots of things to do so little time
Alexander McQueen Savage Beauty stunning.
How are you feeling today Alex?
I'm Super!
Thanks for asking!
I'm doing what international Super Stars do  be fashionably late.
New episode coming today  whenever I feel like it.
The man who wrote Psycho also wrote a ballet, an opera and the delicious clarinet quintet called Souvenirs de Voyage ...
It's on now!...
yes, but not by choice.
Those dang gnats fly into my eyes, nose, mouth.
I take it you are getting your fair share?
So...
I'm on twitter.
All thanks to ...
if they can get THIS GIRL on twitter, what can't they do?!
who said anything about my therapist being a doctor?
is having a simple day with my boyfriend on the beach with cheese pretzels that much to ask?
wahhhhh
WI regional ED leaders will talk about EG tonight with WI Entrepreneurs Network
What do GWU kids do while they're in the hospital?
Apply for internships.
Can't wait until we get to work with !!!
Thanks again for the opportunity!
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Happy Birthday LEAPYEAR babies!
Youre the youngest people on the planet and have saved your parents and families a bundle on birthday gifts!
RT : Live your life so that by some little thing you will improve our world just by living.
Joe Paterno 1973 PSU Commencement
What conference are you at and who wants to report on it for LJ?
Thanks for the ff!
We return it on a Saturday.
What state are you guys in?
Tell us: If You could fix any problem in our world today, what would it be?
We want to RT what you feel are the greatest needs!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great and busy weekend!
We still have availability for this Thurs.
night so call now to book!

cutting the grass wyd ?
You'll always be the most unique person in the world because there will only ever be one you.
Hope you have a good week.
Same Damn Time
The FrayNational AnthemTerrible
lol u tell me : haha where u at
At the school carnival wit my friends not all claw but ima try to have fun LOL party time lmaoo
check out some of my music lemme kno what you think
u welcome :
Make a wish and say i hope you come true 1,2,3,4 soon as you walk through the door counting 5,6,7,8,9 one million thoughts quick hit my mind
thx for the support and see you guys next week!
Is looking forward to attending ASHE11 in Charlotte for Hopkins.
Way to compete!
RT : How bout 'dem Hawks  !!!
I don't even know who Begal is, so I'll defer.
But I do know Baggot is terible.
Exactly, but they called Jagr a traitor, said he should be removed from the Pens record books and banners
all the dang time
last summer night : its bittersweet
sorry baby cuz, it will get better.
xoxo
Going to the game with the wife
Yes.
The church just south of Chickasaw, on the east side of Perkins.
Found in the attic.
My step mom does this all the time.
She goes doctornking at night and skips work the next day 'cause she's having a hangover.
So happy i gotta twitter pg now...
Im tired of FONKBOOK...
Yaaaaaaayyyyyyy
i really want to grill something.
Huge funny this weekend at the Dog!
Fri: Thunderlips For The Holidays!
Sat: This Improvised Life!
Shows 9pm Cost 8
GE,Wall St, have everything to gain from a Republican winner in 2012.
GE owns MSNBC.
MSNBC is dividing progressives 4 corporate advantage.
Good Morning Justin, Happy Mothers Day to your mom hope you two and the whole Bieber family have a great day
has a sexy JB Icon :
Dear wheel of fortune game, don't limit me to 7 turns and then make me land on the bankrupt 6 of those 7 turns.
thanks.
RSVP N/Ph/E to: Come April18at814pEst LiveWebDemo EZMarketing Tool Featurin Video Emails  Hot EZMobile Marketing!
Can we all just agree to ignore whatever comes after Blue Ray?
I don't want to have to restart my collection...again.
in DC
consider it done
it's weird when ur talking about something and someone's like I know what it's like...
u cant ever experience something the EXACT same way
You r not a failure until u start blaming everyone else around u!!!!!!!!
And so begins the war on 3 fronts!
RT : FLASH: Obama has approved use of armed doctornes in Libya, missions are starting
Study finds 4 oral bacteria in atherosclerotic plaque as passing from mouth to the blood stream  affecting heart health.
www.closys.com
Can't believe Ringer and Secret Circle were cancelled.
It's almost here!
And it was really good cake too.
I had something extremely important to say......
I kind of miss him already;
Count me in!
Chocolate shake before work?
Sounds like a plan.
What artist would you love to see live?
Look at y'all.

RT : Girls w/ small Bcups  big butts who don't wear bra's, I love y'all.
If they snag you, make it a publicity stunt Rochester cupcake legend feeds the masses at the airport, because TSA stinks
I feel for doctorse
Good Morning..
How about dem PACKERS!
:
If you say Yes to what is, you become a magnet for possibility.
After having one of the worst days ever,I spend some much needed time with my family 3
good luck!
happy birthday to my favorite amazing junior gymnast :
I hear there were cookies.
CMU students arguing about the quality of gourmet cupcakes.
Yep.
That happened.
FOODS THAT HEAL: Food of the month: teff: Eating foods that are high in fibre, like teff, will help maintain proper bowel health and ...
the first tremont scoops visit of the year, and I missed it.
:'
Sure, no problem :
Shirley Manson interview: Breaking up the garbage girl  The Guardian
real good.
Won all my matches today.
Strand Events Today: Dinner and a Movie  Grease Dinner starts 6:30pm Movie at 8:15pm  FREE popcorn
luck, I'm jealous log up your thinking
Im so pumped for the Dani DaOrtiz lecture.
If you don't know who he is then YouTube him.
Pimp!
asks is mobilebanking enough?
what are the responsibilities?
Vogue !!!!
Love her scent and the wrap doctorss.
BTW, I met the founders of Benefit at the Rome, Italy Sephora today!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please : 11
how is it/she?
RT : Congrats !
RT : PBWA gives Bucks the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above  beyond.
Great night tonight with and : can't wait til Tuesday:
Rockin' the snow storm in my Birthday Sorels thanks to Ali and !
hmm, not much beer in my fridge that is less than 9.
Do more than is needed.
The extra mile that you walk makes all the variation.
Congrats on finish!
Registered to run chimarathon but battling injury
I really like this quote it makes sence.
can't I work tomorrow.
you chicks better bring ur butts out tonight.
Lets paint the capcity blue tonight!
:
Does your staff promote ebooks?
Encourage them to!
Patrons need to know abt ALL services.
For some postInsquared hanging out tonight with  join us after 7 at
Hahahahahaha I saw the claymore, backed up, started shooting at it  at the same time suddenly cesar walked in  it exploded xD final kill
Can you buy a MegaMillions lotto ticket any where in Arizona?
How nice.
Guess I need to change the password
Like our page Lovely Hair LLC
RT : OKC not fucking around though.
They about to get their King Joffrey on.
Lol  my professorssor shitting on this guy's attempt at small talk.
I can show u around with p diddy
You can't keep running from things that you fear or things tht bother you
she said Niall's ugly.
okay, brb.
i need to sharpen my knife.
how is it?
What system ya on?
Working through bioshock 2 right now, myself :
Subways Chipotle Chicken on flatbread with extra Southwest Sauce is like crack.
Save the money FOR an Ipod!
We'd like to give the opportunity to redeem the table she won last week but wasnt able to attend.
If not we'll pick another!
My head is hurting :/
good luck
so true aniqa!
mommy let me hang out with my friends this isnt fun
An OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m.
tomorrow for the Front Range region.
Money ball would have been so much better if Hoffman, during his role as the manager, used Capotes voice
Today's Soup Is Moroccan LentilVegetarian, Dairy Free  Gluten Free Goodness.
Now check out the rest of our lunch menu...
Big props to SportingKC for playing Sabotage before tonight's match!
no one cares Kyle....
I wish these kids would stop spelling words with z at the end..you are NOT tupac......bad dog...
BIG OLE BUCKETFULLS OF REGRET.
I def wanna delete this but dnt kno how
lmao at least he likes his Sagittarius's we got hope!!
L
Just got HBO simply for game of thrones
The city has a demolition order for 3851 Kevin.
Structure was built and now has storm damage.
If I were David Stern nbalockout nba nfl football nbapa nflpa www.weeklylineup.net
One of THOSE days!
Down sick, little guy is cranky  everything I have he wants, including my glass of milk.
4yearolds!
The robots in this car assembly line move with lifelike precision and fluidity  could have been programmed by Pixar!
...
why the hell do i have a twitter 
Demo is recorded.
Waiting for edits and finished product.
Freedom is found only when people know the truth, so honesty with yourself and others is the only way to liberation.
Oracle is reviewing the Sun roadmap and will provide guidance to customers in accordance with its standard product communication policies.
Making sketches for the holiday card extravaganza.
Thus far my star designs look like starfish  not quite right I fear....
Stephen Coletti is so fucking hot, gosh why can't I marry him I've had a crush for years,
it was a total Rick Perry oops moment!
not a problem!
Let us know if something comes up!
went to world of coke,
Wow, the kid just gave an explanation of the irrationality of women that was as good as any one I've heard
Baking them!
1st rise was unimpressive.
RT : dunno but I'd still bake them.
Did they do well for the first rise?
When the head aches, all the body is the worse.
English Proverb
So, getting tattoos hurts like a bitch.
no I didn't!
You never told me when!
pretty pleasee follow its means alottt
PoeticJustice is a great movie for social commentary on the plights that occur in Black Love.
Tupac's performance was underrated.
We've all been there, it happens!
: Got my first kind of bad grade on a paper, ever.
Bummed out.
libraryschool
Although I do love Will Ferrel and was joygasming when heard about Anchorman 2....which BETTER be good or I'll cry.
Seriously.
Watch the video.
T4  people hate marketing when the feel marketed towards.
Saturday, April 14, 2012, it'll be end of the losing streak.
Join us at the to witness this moment.
wow is the coolest person we know.
I found you more inscriptions yesterday!
See you soon!
yeah Jesse it looks sickk as fuckk
The other day I got banned from laser tag.
Apparently you can't use your knife to save ammo.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 3009
Sometimes there just arent enough rocks...
Does anybody else think this guy is handsome  ?
sweet!!!
Can't wait to get mine!
See you sat..
interesting!
I want to know more :
truth.
is a solid addition.
I'll see what I can do...
..and a bag of peanuts.
Thank you for the wonderful cupcakes, we enjoyed them!
Yes!
MT : DearG8, Malnutrition btwn pregnancy  2nd bday steers a life.
Support nutritionbetter health,education,economies.
I hate whn its concerts on rock quarry
We had three of the 20 most viewed posts on last week.
Thanks for reading!
MFFL Time to get loud!!
have fun tonight bro
best poster ever made
Thanks for the info on tonight's Experience at Art Hop.
TheAvengers are great, but WMU has its own comicbook superheroes.
4496 haha I also use that number when I enter a numbergame :P aww!
you're so pretty!
33
You call it boring, I call you unsophisticated and impatient.
A tradition like no other...
thought it would be a closer series
Why are you everybody's bitch?
Lmao.
you have no idea how often kate and i talk about this.
should make the switch now, esp now that our main antagonist is gone
Lamborghini mercy, you chick, she so thirsty
Huh imagine that saw cowboy owner jerry jones on camera u dont see that very often
when your sitting there  your friend goes to the bathroom so you just look around the room like a lost puppy.
ShitJustGotAwkward .
Ask Jamie Dimon if he deserves to be paid 20 million a year.
Bon voyage tweeps.
Off to San Jose,CA!
...imagine pomp and circumstance in the background : 
damn.
I'm already back in Youngstown.
Any chance will be going?
Maybe I'll doctorve down then
A real email from a nun: HELLO WOULD HAVE TO BE AFTER AUGUST SUMMER VERY FULL AND NOT QUIET DUE TO HAYING AND OTHJER WORKSBLESSINGS, MH
You're either in the dough or in the hole
bro are you working right now?
Do you know anyone in Argentina?
Why does my butt look bigger today?

freak out factor was my Term
yeah the GE/Bud ad still didn't do a ton for me even on full volume.
Trying too hard to be American/blue collar maybe?
sucks lol I'm obsessed with her
Tonight!
Picoso at The Eastside.
Cheap beer and dancing for St.
Patty's Day fun.
he has defense now?
Watched New Years Eve3 it was adorable:
Following the tdf on Twitter while learning Python at Google.
Getting things together for show week with Rite premieres Friday
great meeting you today!
Tim Tebow is just precious.
If he thought Florida was bad, the women of NYC will throw themselves at him relentlessly.
good luck!
Lastly IThankGod for his son JesusCrist for being my savior.
Amen!
OH KAY SEE!
But Happy St.
Patricks Day to all you assholes that are already celebrating!
My whole attitude is about to change ...just watch lol
Anyone in Amsterdam?
Might be stuck here for a few days...
Let us know about your next gig to pass the word, U have a bliss for what you do, we'll be there when you are ready.
good luck
Earth Day is Sunday, April 22!
All week we'll by sending tips via twitter to get you in the spirit!
Come and get your gyros we're open till 3AM!!!
I wonder if is offline and I'm just talking to myself.
I did not even think of that.
to to funny.
I'm good to :b
Web as platform and harnessing collective intelligence.
Wear your pajama's to work day!
As a society we'll do anything to make up something to talk about.
Generations 1023 explains sleep attire
Just realized who this is lbs!
imy boo
right now, today...who would you want on your team: Randy Moss or Terrell Owens???
Court docs detail case against former Doernbecher nurse charged w/ child porn.
100's imageskids including infants.
Officials:no patients

iwanna choke this lil girl man .
/:
Everyone saying that fame has gotten to ..
what...
Taylor Swift Or Miley Cyrus??
Vote sexy people.
You ever feel like a tv show is part of your family?
Entourage thanks for the memories!
Guess I better stick my head out of the door and see that!
Thanks Pauley for sharing, been working too hard, time to take a break!
Best new classified ad site
Hey aren't you supposed to be working out to get ready for the season?
Remember we are shooting for 50 save.
Her love her some snooky
Tick tock tick tock.
The sound every reporter doctorads.
Especially when your story isn't coming through....
Sometimes going back to the doctorwing board is the way to go stay blessed !!!
your foursquare tweet had me cracking up.
You're crazy.
Hilarious, but crazy.
If you call Sharon she will probably let Doke come play with you.
I got to see him twice yesterday
Great show in Indy tonight  it was great to meet you after the show!
ff love all around!
2 tires are the way to go today
I'm going to watch 'America's Got Talent' because I really feel this is the season in which someone will be killed.
Which district do you live in?
Nature is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere.
Blaise Pascal
Let's do math, dinner in3 hrs leaving ny now, 7 hrs to Pittsburgh...after 35 hrs of packing  a gallon of kombucha will I still get turkey?
I don't know.
Free accounts who think they should have the services of a 800 a month dedicated customer.
Yesterdaymost beautiful day you could ask for.
Todaysnowing.
how about a RT for the LASERSHOWMUDDYCHICKEN!
Rangers power play is cooking tonight
Thanks for the follow:
It's a beautiful day!
A beautiful marriage starts with the  UWP Ultimate Wedding Package.
YOYO!!!!
Hahaha ok ok good I was expecting you to be ready girl 
FavoriteSong at the moment is Whip Appeal by Frank Ocean
lol yea and im reppin it!
thanks for the birthday wishes lol
How do I get a girlfriend
And I would be rich if they did.
So nobody knows where this 200 date crap came from?
Just one more hour of work..
so happy to have you all this morning!
i got the numbers big ass sound system for mosh hard, everyone will die
Getting ready for school!
Straightning my hair 
Thanks for the follow.
Great run with TeamMCVET as always.
Who the effff sniffs their knee?
You can never enjoy the fruit, if your not willing to risk climbing out to the end of the branch to get it
RT CRAZY FACT: Having eye contact for more than 6 seconds without looking away or blinking reveals a desire for either sex or murder
and for feed links
Spread the Word to End the Word
Thanks for the encouragement!
I'm very excited.

Words calculated to catch everyone may catch no one.
Adlai E.
Jr.
Stevenson
when u gunna be able to play?
What was Brendan Donnelly's ERA for the Tribe?
We are busy, busy and we need some interns....
Me Too!
The oven is ON!
lol
: The University of Florida has an emergency plan in case of a sudden Zombie attack.IM GOING TO FLORIDA!!!!
Yes!
I was just listening to them on the way to Eau Claire with Jazz Workshop!
tune in to 's Life class...
is on.
Good stuff.
see you soon!
Super excited!!
lol ya its all about getting it done correctly lol
I know a doctorm set that could use some company.
There's nothing like peeing to Bobby McGee on ur mp3.
Try it.
That one time I slept through the entire movie.....
haha you could have just done a FS ; but oh well xD
Isn't anyone gonna bring up Peggy's baby ever?
Lol.
Wtf.
finger roll from McGee this is sick
in some classes I do and have had to stop a video, just cancel activity, because students talking 2 each other  not watching
Would you feel bad if you looked in a funhouse mirror and looked gorgeous?
I tell it differently!
Haha!
Another headache for Samuel Beckett...
RT Is it Waiting for Godot or Waiting for Good Dough ?
becauseofkianandsam I'm obsessed with watching YouTube videos.
Going to Capitol Hill today to talk about the early detection of
So my CD player in my car died and I am rediscovering some old mix tapes.
Sounds good, but some are really dated.
Doctors, poison control experts say 'cinnamon challenge' dare is dangerous  WPTV
I would love to check the timeline, problem is, I'm blocked.
Typical Rochester business.
okay, thank you.
Dear God,I just wanted to say thank You for another day.
Watch over my family and friends today, bless us
Just doctorpped my brother off at his improv class and hit the Atl record shops...
Is it too early for poetry in motion jokes?
Almost fell for an interesting phishing attack...
When paying for events on EventBrite make sure it's not a clone page of the real event
Developing a bad habit of writing the entirety of papers on the day they're due.
But if I could do it for the 10 pager I can do it on a 5er
i tweeted warped tour to have them let u play in 2012 3 u deserve it.
im trying everything i can.
u work so hard!!!!!
:''
I have to save the episode until tomorrow.
: But I'm sure it's great!
Reception is apparently better, but Verizon phone service is BAD...
I can't really get mad that Rand Paul said Obama's Views couldn't get any gayer.
I think it's the right of any gay man to say that.
Talk that Netflix is a buyout target.
Kind of like MySpace.
PO the customers, suck the money out  sell.
Suckers.
that Christ our God will spare you, Who is everywhere present and fillest all things!
: yea.
british girls are reem...
most of them, anyway.
some are too salty for my liking.
lol
nice QC strip today.
More dimensions to Sven; poor Hanners!
Pursue your biz venture...Like to hunt?
Write?
Make a video?
is looking for testers.
Part of it is a free Mitt for you!
why you!?
thank you and amen yall
trying to figure out what to make for breakfast...
Congrats Trita!
I'll buy it and encourage ppl to do so.
I never successfully used a club to get my ball on the green?
What does that even mean?
And, dude, Andy...
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
is in the dark.
Owner Ashley Grant made her special toffee for friends as gifts, and the response was so overwhelming...Magnolia Bay Toffee was born!
My ex is tryna get at a tranny lmao
Rest in peace to Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis.
Expecting to see the silver and black play big tomorrow in Houston.
even wen u switch pants?
i was sittin on da phone all day tryn win dese summer jam 15 tickets to see u i gt 3 all da tme hpe i get dem or ima buy
You're right  the games are just so small!
Interns!
Looks great!
And I always love a good laugh!
Wow, we've got over 1,100 Fans...thanks for spreading the word about ADAPT Training!
craving a good
One more week and then you better hide your macaroons!
My parents fell in love with earlier this year, so we're going south for Thanksgiving!
In theory, anyway.
CROCKER CLUB GRAND OPENING TONIGHT w/  more!!!
9p2a 453 S.
Spring St.
DTLA NO COVER
Just learned about NSErrorMergePolicy  neat locking policies
NC mills provided gray cloth for the Confederate Army.
See how current artists are transforming fabric usage in SECCA's Out of Fashion.
Congrats to the for a great win.
They beat the Packers, 49ers and Patriots.
Clearly deserve to be called world champions.
Coming off a great EBLF meeting.
Thanks to all of our members for another successful forum.
The year that is doctorwing toward its close has been filled with blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies Lincoln on Thanksgiving
the wifi always act stupid in my mommy room.
Thus the selfdeprecating go me.
But yeah, still enjoyed it.
Gavin IS sexy and sensual!
Sign me up!
I meant arabcowboy LOL obviously I'm a first timer!!
I cant believe I'm actually seeing The Maine live!
MaybeEvenMeetThem 3
what a phenomenal weekend!
The days are definitely getting shorter  I cannot believe how fast time is flying on by.
eating a popsicle that taste like 7Up pop!its good stuff,haha!
yeah just got back tonight...tues or thurs would be best
they prob said it w a sigh of relief!
You've inspired me to reembrace Twitter!
Sitting in on David Kelley's session at astdtk12 now.
I concur
Now that the family computing devices are working again, it must be time to venture home.
Only part that really needs to be looked at is the publishing part.
And extra in bold to make sure G SS is properly formatted
F the system man.
think it's time to change.
My friend is troubled.
Why is this restaurant showing Insanity workout commercial..while I enjoy my fattening brunch with my sons  justwrong
you already know.
What a great time, last night!
Spent it with friends and had SO much fun!
Even won some 's, playing roulette!!
:
I've arrived in Tiffin, Ohio after an unexpectedly difficult day.
Butt cheeks are very bloody.
tmi ReturnToDuty gunnin for Indy tomorrow
Vic's shoe repair off Soledad.
Picking them up Friday!
about a Frenchie when I make eye contact with you it's like I'm being blessed by the pope.
I love Chicago
Congrats on your last day of classes!
Everything is never perfect in your life but the key is to just be grateful for what is.
Chicmom
Just left my 2nd favorite restaurant in the world.
Big ups Tao Asian Bistro.
Up late filing photos for a client.
Looking forward to a commercial shoot tomorrow!
It is confirmed: I still must be an actor.
Thanks to the cast of Wit and its writer, Margaret Edson.
Thanks for the follow!
Neat VA link!
RT Today,1611: William Shakespeare's players present the first recorded performance of The Tempest.
bit.ly/h4Z1Pb
: Complete this sentence...
'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel beautiful' 1DHQ x
so true....we should find out.
It is Friday the 13th....hmm.
It eluded us then, but thats no matter  tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther....
And one fine morning 
Yeah its tomorrow but I appreciate the birthday wish!
Im from the south so I'm southern but Im not THAT country.
What a wonderful weekend at the Castle!
I hope to see you again soon!
I know voices can be imitated  I know we're all afraid of being misunderstood fav lines nicely done
We would love to hear Honestly by on !
:
Nope.
Watched a recording of Bones.
I'm sorry I can't help how smart I am!
Standing in LAX Terminal 3 and all power goes out...
the entire terminal.
Its been 20 mins and still no response from an authority.
when does casting start for the Kandi factory??
and accept the fact that somebody loves her
is working on some site updates and marketing plans
fine you were getting ready to go into high school,still the same thing,in a way!: haha
Very nice; enjoy the scenery and safe travels!
I've been obsessed with the Jonas Brothers since 2005.
To this day, I could never picture myself not being a 1 fan of theirs.
ot in sf....great game!
....let's go 49ers
time to sleep.
hopefully i can wake up at 6am!
heck yeah, but want to read the book before watching
That will be the goal: a night of being shouted at.
I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga.
Going on hour 11 in the same spot
My pleasure!
As the father of 5 childoctorn under age of 13, i truly appreciate your product and am using it!
That's the plan!!
: I feel pretty good though.
Just swollen sore feet.
:/ I've had such an ez pregnancy, so I can't complain.
jason wants me to tweet jordan pictures and he said trust me and then said he was trying to do something for me, what??
Talk about our future like we had a clue.
x
I would go BadBoyReunionTour ft Puff, the Lox, Mase, 112, Total, Junior Mafia, Craig Mac etc.
yellow kit would be a nice alternate
Okay, Chicagoans.
Don't forget: April 11, for a reading/discussion.
April 12, for an Artists' Event.
Come join!
Hm Did you get lost on your way to Cincinnati???
You should probably invest in a GPS
Day before race parade and already out of donuts and a lot of other stuff
My life has been made.
Dolan spoke to me.
Not looking at my timeline......I don't wanna know who won TheVoice WestCoastGirl gotta wait !:
Hope everyone had a FANTASTIC New Year!!!!
Love the ladies of Black Hole
ima change it wen i go ta mi auntie house after mi bball practice
Where ya know me from?
I guess that's just the way life is.
It's pi day...25 years ago that would have excited me!
;
yeah not really
Yeah...I'm discovering that.
Nat Geo's photography has issues too, but wildlife photos are gorgeous.
Just looked through a poem in progress by wonderful writer grappling with the portrayal of tragedy...deep stuff but slippery.
Congrats for being the featured business!
Continuing on hiatus from facebook/twitter 'til I finish the verse novel.
Or at least a presentable doctorft.
yeaa me too, i be ready to GO !
..
but this year or next year my skoo makin summer start in june  end in august likee o.O
How the World Began at Women's Project Theater is terrific!
And new Twitter friend, the actorteacherdirector extraordinaire
Signing new contracts today with my new commercial agent!
: Coming soon to an ad campaign near you .
.
.
Elizabeth Mihelich :
Queen of Pop, Whitney Houston  Rest In Paradise
still extremely embarrassed.
fuck i hate all my friends right now i cant believe they did that to me.
My daddy got one more time to accidentally open my mail before I accidentally knock him upside his head.
of course!
I'd rather listen to the entire catalog of Rush than repeat the past 24 hours.
Things are better now, though yay!
too late homies!
Ugh, am not watching those RT Latest recommended category from Netflix: Feelgood MidLifeCrisis Comedies
No one else can control what you choose to focus on.
No one else can move your body or act on your part...besides you.
so much emotion
I'm pretty sure that's how i got in, knowing real memory management
dieting and exercise have become a focus for my obsessive tendencies, which is nice, because they result in being healthier
You just can't argue wth bullet points.
shout out to whoever left the popcorn machine on and almost set the breakroom on fire
not feeling them HOGS
WOW....Hey what happened????
hola, im new to twitter...
Photographer in Boston, hit me up if u need pics.
Keep up great work...
I can't stand gatekeepers of any stripe.
Especially doormen
you should tweet about this band called !
you'd love their music!
So happy you came in tonight, hope your dinner was even half as fab as you are!
;
Aww, gonna miss you, then.
Headed to Funk Night at St.
Andoctorws.
iwasthekid that asked for a dollar every time i seen a grown up
trying to he near u
JUST IN to CNN: Special prosecutor Angela Corey in TrayvonMartin case says she will NOT use grand jury to prosecute
you can email me at
My glass is half empty at the moment /
come over!
We aren't eating until after the newscast :
sweet!!
But as far as shaving its pinas there rules out there man lol
So ready for Memphis in May.
Who wants to come with?
Duh.
I never questioned that.
Whore.
RT endorse this idea.
they're okay, but icebats are clearly the superior ugly doll
A warm morning calls for a cool treat.
Iced lattes and smoothies await!
If the Packers hit on all three of their defensive guys this will be a much improved DE.
Exactly what the doctor ordered.
Good music never gets old!
no filming enjoy your weekend
i got one of those thingys u posted a pic of lol
Thanks for followfriday!
Yooo!
What's Up With You  Ian?
When Is The Wedding ?
not sure.
Should I?
No What about ?
one of the basic needs ;
Happy Saint Patty's Day to all..
Wear green, have fun,  be safe ..
8
Did an interview today for a documentary on Team Type 2.
They will be here in a couple of weeks to shoot training.
Ryan is my favorite so far.
Trying out instead of Which do you use?
NOW I'm expecting a follow back.
I unfollowed for you.
We have Empanadas today.
In addition to our Chicken or Cheese, we also have Pulled Pork today!
Duck and cover for the Shake Out!
RT : Did anyone feel that shaking?
Man Vs Wild!
Boom!
Do I see sheets of plastic in your future?
I'm reserving all of my smart ass remarks....
I have very big shoes to fill, as is truly one of a kind.
Here's to continuing to serve Bmore through his vision.
Like david  goliath I conquered the giant
is coming back to me soon...yayayayay 
Thanks for checking in!
We hope you had a great night at Mizu!
MY PARENTS ARE COMING TO MINNESOTA.
Also now booked for vraarlis2011 Who!
The countdown begins for Miss Earth 2011!
hey, I meant to ask, how're the pens doing?!
The last time I changed the channel my grizzes lost so ima stay tuned
Just found out I am getting stood up Friday.
Wow
Out of gas near USC campus..
Walking to gas station after midnight to fill gas can.
Will miss u all.
Hope I didn't owe u money.
I havent had a PB  J in a long time....
that might be my lunch tomorrow...
:
This is trouble...
Happy Birthday!!
RT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!
Free burger with any purchase, starting......
now.
:
Hey thesiswp community: what qualities are most important to you in a Thesis skin?
What would you love to see that isn't available now?
Super awkward when people face you instead of the door in elevators...
Having more followers on twitter than friends on Facebook 
Thanks guys!
Pressure is on now.
Yes it is!
RT New music in Baltimore is alive and well!
Such an enthusiastic audience!
wow Haley is looking so good right now..
Message me your email addoctorss and I'll send it.
I believe it's God's way of showing they're still with us too.
:
Reasoner fans on a shot but it trickles towards the net and almost fools Turco.
yeah kinda.
Im from LA originally.
Its definitely not the same haha
I remember walking for something and getting the Can't Truss It single.
Forget what it was.
2.5 hours of sleep is not adequate for a 14hour workday.
Have you seen Last Day in Madoctord?
e206 undefined
mhm : he'll be out for 6 weeks.
there goes my red sox...
down the motherfucking toilet.
I get what I want...
a boy that really loves me, now I just reject him ?
yes please we are at 7th come see us now and then later too
You're Welcome Very excited for you :
I would chirp your flyers up, but you're probably binge doctornking right now
in theater news, the parts ways with
Thanks ursulas!
While there's a fair amount of evidence 4 carnitine, we still have the classic problem of limited long term data.
CARLOS TEVEEEZZ!!
Welcome back!
20 quid says he scores tonight!
Vikings fumbilitis, that horrid pickFarve, no holding, and the DPI.
ugh.
Baseball is always in my heart
I am a little shameless when selecting a Customs officer.
Male, approachable  and I give him same smile I give bartenders, chefs, the Pope.
Hey your Gala is May 17th?
What are the details?
It sounds exciting!
WhenISeeU I wanna punch you in the face!!
Kush Cowboys  Scale Gang
I love watching these contest videos!
:
Truth is like oil; no matter the quantity of water you pour on it, it will always float.
14 students on the Waiting List for DEATH CURE.
Preordered 4 copies:
Don't think that would go over too well lol
relaxen how r u
Enjoying a nice cup of joe like a dirty hipster would
Thank you for the mention!
You'll LOVE my GOLPH card game!
:
Everybody did good tonight I promise I love gospel
We'll be crewing up for some shoots soon.
If interested in joining us, email with your info, avaiability,  details.
This Vegas Nights mix is crazy!!
Do you remember when we played Guitar Hero with J Mazzotta at Univ of the Pacific?
hahaha
Is it really only tuesday?!
If doesn't win The Voice...I will be sincerely disappointed in America.
The show is called THE VOICE, he has it.
Its good feeling to know that someone somewhere is looking forward to talking to you again 
of course
Host a Party on November 12th and receive 25 in free Passion Party Items!
Book Today!
We're sorry to hear about this.
Do you have a time and location this happened?
Thank you.
Your team's still doing well overall.
They've got the Phillies up next.
NP The Waiting to Exhale Soundtrack....hands down THEE BEST movie soundtrack...period!!
God gave me you for the ups and downs!3
in our awesome city this weekend, indy.
Don't miss it!
Only 15 for 150 bands can't beat that!
called the whword in Chem today ;
Beaten paths are for beaten men.
Eric Johnson
: 35 pages means 3 pages exactly my plan.
stuff in the teachers lounge upstairs and put it in the halls
Johnnys pizza is to NFL Sunday as peanut butter is to
are u going both days?

We met at Pastor Courtney McBath's.
Great to see you!
How is Lisa?
Just wanted to say hello!
I followed you!
Ikr, or911 RT : Whenever I fill out forms and it says If an Emergency, notify...
I put 'DOCTOR'.
What is my mother gonna do?
Paul, what an honor, Good Friend!
Thanks so much for the RT.
:
Only 26 lit terms done..
Voracek is so garbage.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference.
I'm itching to get out in the wilderness!
Planning first camping weekend of the season for next weekend.
Weather permitting.
Wade's angry face is sexy aha
R/T Chakra ultra lounge Live Tuesdays All Talent Welcome Get heard 5admission all night 2for 1doctornks
Everyone has feelings but I think you're the one who is missing that!
Someone just pronounced Steve Jobs last name as Joebz.
Not offended, but that had to be on purpose to appear ironic/cool,right?
Yama sushi is better.
Hehehe.
Miss ya too!
:
Didn't audition today?
No problem!
The final chance to audition for Neighborhood3:RequisitionofDoom is Monday at 6 pm.
hey boo I'm good.
Ready to blow iit up lol but good.
How about u?
I've been hooked on those granola bars since STAAR, lol .
I really need some product too.
I need shampoo,  some kind of soft mousse so I can wear my hair waivey, but not frizzy/poofy.
I have an official trucker suntan on left arm.
Oh good.
You're back.
What the hell are you talking about?
for the 4 hour doctorve back home!!
If i could make some plans and see friends, I'd make the trip!
Hashtags.
While all of you out there are asking Why?
My response is simple.
Why not?
Strong undercurrent in the room desiring action, participants' voices coming thru clearly during QA.
you're way behind on approving posterous items.
Shake a leg.
An ill mannered convict came up to Mad Jack and said, Play me some of that harp.
Mad Jack replied, fuck off and with that the two convicts
Here at Jackson's LODO and ready to Party!!
My eyes feel weird...oO
RIP Donna Summer wow i used 2 party w/ her at El Privado She was very nice, delightfully so  very talented
That's right man
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
I'll be there in just a few minutes :
Luckily my hair doesn't get split ends easily :
Lol, i thought she did.
Either way, you guys are sweet hearts.
Although, someone in there told coach, cause she called the
As soon as anyone else I know starts using it actively :
just informed me that I am not allowed to wear a hood to sweat while I work out...
I hope my shoes are the proper ones
For some reason, today, I find the very idea of Steakumm to be hilarious.
I would rather stab myself in the eye than go to school.
well go see if I'm following you.
I follow you and you follow me but then you unfollow me.
Sitting outside myjob lonely noone to talk to by myself ugh these are times I wish I had a car
YAY!!
RT We encourage singing during the outdoor musical screenings, so go ahead and sing your heart out Mandy.
It's funny how hoes show love in V.I.P
please stand up, please stand up.
insecurity is not a good color.
Is that how u spell it:?
The message just sent me
those are delicious.
Recalibrated by coffee after sleeping in till 8:30...
This must be the golden years!
Careful man, there's an imaginary beverage here.
I Hatee The Fact That School Is In 4 More Dayss.
This Summer Went Byy So FAST!
Beginning the day long journey to Louisville, KY with the Mary Poppins tour :
Ugh, cold season started early  had it since Friday; son got it week before and nicely shared wtih Mom...
This Blunt IM Blunt Facein Is For Artwon :  R.i.p Bruh
nope.
its funny deau
meh not really Carly raw jepson the wanted dev and Enrique is all i really care about :
4WordsAfterWackSex why did you cry?
The home fragrance collection is amazing.
Love the packaging and attention to detail in the design not to mention THE FRANGRANCE
Yes!
There we go!
and don't trip...i told jordan you could see him on the 2nd tuesday of the week ;
DancerProblems Practicing in the same kicks til they start ripping.
If they are trying to up bway tkt sales, they're going to need some better musicals
Rain rain go away...you're Fuckin up my night
Bridesmaids is the funniest movie EVER.
Most relationships fail not because the absence of love, but because girls love to much and guys love to many.
365 days from now, he's coming back 3.
I am way too happy :
Dude your team hates you.
fellen love yet ounce again i dont this guy this much i always see him in the same spot every fuckin day
For those that we have recently followed, we ask that you all please take the time to follow us!
Thanks and God bless :
Check out 's verse at 7:40 on 98.5 The Beat
Big thanks to ObiWhanKenobi for making Holiday Tweetup happy
mahonebodyparts  swag team
Going to hop on a Green Line train and ride it to Roosevelt to go to the Walgreens right off the station.
All the best and happy new year to you all!
AMAYA XTS now comes standard with a much improved Wide Angel Cap Frame doctorver, Utility Cart, and AMAYA OS V10.
Homework Sucks..!
ee
Jealous, jealous, jealous...
Have fun!
Let us know what your favorite soup is!!!
i did that day!
total poser.
Be back later to find smh been missing TOO long
Companies that solely focus on competition will ultimately die.
Those that focus on value creation will thrive  Edward de Bono
There are a lot of great country songs out there, more that havnt been heard by many but 'People Are Crazy' is up there with one of the best
At with just saw local celebrity !
Can't wait to eat!
RT Man can live about 40 days without food...
No way.
The mere thought of one day without food sends me stockpiling.
At Topsail Island, NC for the next week...hope for no jellyfish!
Life is a faith walk not a cake walk......thank you BC.
Fuck yeah dude!
you two made me smile tonight!
:D
Generally, you're worthy.
Think otherwise and you'll just shrink.
when I type this I see From mkbackus Hide above.
Is it suppose to be like that or do I unhide it???
Ok, so who wants to meet JLS backstage on 2 July?
Check out The Daily Record today, p.14.
denial flows like a river on MauryPovich!
chik got 2 test results that said her lt skined BF was not the father!
yet she cant believe it!
lmao!
She's sat on my head and she weighs a tonne!
Also follow covers activist  progressive news for the Tucson CitizenTactics mean doing what you can with what you have
nope im working like a sexy slave 
farmiliar : when someone nasty you know bears strange resemblance to a farm animal.
2/2 after the tings I want like becoming a singer and u know who just made me realize that justin bieber so thank you jb
I've always been a lebron fan .
I'll be next after Steve in downtown Kenosha.
6.3 miles leg.
We are now 130 miles into the race.
Inspiring teachers help, but I think we should focus on helping faculty become more thoughtful instructional designers.
wow this girl on here with the retard painted walls is pissing me off..
I would like to thank the designer of the new Beckham HM ad for making the world a better place.
I'm actually her unborn fetus.

is going to be hosting our big 4G4!!
Get your tix people!
This party is going to be awesome!
Great question: how are we best serving/engaging males?
trying to find tickets to SanFrancisco.....prices are outrageous right now....hoping for a last minute deal....
The site may continue to be down for a little longer yet, but we're on it.
Very frustrated but very on it.
The horriblemoment when you're laying down and you realize that you have to doctorp the kids off at the pool!
Very impressive halftime entertainment!
Chilling w/ New Found Glory.
Have we lowered the bar so low that men are not even required to use self control
DNC is a LOSER for thinking BenNelson leaving Senate is a loss.
It's a WIN fools!
No more holding your ass hostage for kickbacks.
Some days, I miss the sound of a 2400 baud modem connecting.
FLURISH plays tonight at 9pm.
Smith's Olde Bar.
Check it out!
Yes!
Sometimes I forget social media is interactiveit should be social.
It's about making connections  engaging
im praying for you everyday and god will help you with everything: he loves you and he has an angel looking down at you:
Ice cream and frozen chocolate chips .
Welcome to Friday!
Yes!
RT Gigs will be extra fun tonight.
Only heathens party on Passover and Good Friday.
he is a retard
Today should be greatProductive!!!
Great chat today w/ Sunnyvale Building Official, my first eGov client w/ nation's first ePermits system...
Can't believe it's been 12 years!
Getting ready to kick off a meeting on managing and measuring crosschannel marketing.
Great turnout!
Played soccer for the first time last night.
You're supposed to scream and put your hands up when the ball comes at your head, right?
OH MY GOSH, I KNOW RIGHT!
HE HAS GREENISH EYES OH BABY.3 WITH A SIX PACK.
LIKE HOLA PAPI ;
Do you have the pic from Volleyball Championship night on here?
I won't give up on us even when the skies get rough.
I'll give anyone my love.
I'm still looking up.
: And it's all true.
he kisses you again
Is a sweet girl!
Stop The Hate!
Don'tHateAppreciate
woman who Think Like a Man  will get dumped 4 a woman who thinks like a Lady!
keep you informed.
Thx
YOU!
I am.
I work during the day this whole week, but Thursday afternoon : bags, beers, bourne.
Myla woke up at 6 this morning and wanted to play in the snow.
My guess?
She'll be an icicle before she comes inside.
Hey Mel!
Have u heard anything about the standby line today?
I'm heading that way now but wanted to check in.
Thanks!
BruinsCanucks just another game?
No way!
Looks like our Big Bad Bruins of the 70s.
ilovemymombecause shes the best woman to ever love me.
Hmm, I don't know.
Anything I could.
Glad we're no in Denmark.
Pigs are flying: my beer/pizza brother is planning to cook a homemade meal including asparagus, arugula AND beets.
that's good!
I need to finally meet him and nope Ridin solo!
Haha
I had popped off Twitter by the time you checked in.
: Sorry to have missed you!
We got the sushi delivery down, barbie!
: Sushi and wine should deliver.
they saved the real Jesus!
you should just give up
Need a restock of the Redeye at Ridgeland CTA station.
thanks.
Music is always my solution xx
It's really tough to change your email addoctorss.
Even though you tell people, they'll still use the old one.
Choose wisely!
Happi Pi Day!
Eat a pizza and some blueberry pie a la mode, and then you may calculate: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
LMSunSIG accessibility: what is our responsibility to make our online courses accessible to someone who might live across the country?
Smerfs the Movie starring Method Man  Tim Allen
very slick!
It takes time but you gotta put in the work if you want this as bad as you say.
I hate on all O'Briens!
I also like it a lot.
JJ is ambivalent.
Patio will be open for our 70 degree day tomorrow!
10 off wine bottles all day and night!
Thats from 8am  1am!
Why is the Link Off Youtube,My people was promoting it
Should I be mad??
Never does 1 person win that I want to!
Great day for a 20 mile bike ride around Lake Monona.
I look good in them 
: One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes As Stam would say..worlds oldest occupationImpressive comin from a tchr
Mirna, loved the post some oldies but goodies and bunch of new ones too!
Great job
Oh my!
My professorle now says 999 Tweets!
what do I do now?
First two weeks of TN Genealogical Society's VP  got most of the year planned.
This weekend planning our Spring Lecture series, great year!
If you love Friday, you have a job.
If you love Monday, you have a career via CEO RT if you agree.
True that!!!RT : Don't ever let anyone take away your sparkle.
Tried to explain to my chinese girlfriend why she'd have to accompany me to see The Avengers this weekend.
Fell back on its's a guy thing.
what cheer team are you on?
Due July 5th
FedEx is faster for Amazon, and more reliable for international shipments.
I use USPS for personal deliveries within the US.
soschat Can someone point me to a good, thoughtful critique of CCSS?
I'm talking to the dolphin...
how long before the Catamount Coach is auto tuned???
So when do I get my I survived Irene 2011 shirt?
: Since I have TheHungerGames on my brain, I'm gonna go with Katniss Everdeen.
good morning!
hard for me to stay regular w twitter since I can't get access at work and I work long days.
how are things?
no I havent, I been around!!!!
hip replacement is no joke
Goodnight Justin.
I'll doctoram of your movie and how amazing it was.neversaynever ?
Did I tell u ur perfect?
Well, Im telling again cause u have to know, everyone loves you and ur beautiful
Honing her skills in human observation and keeping the thin skin intact
Off to celebrate 25 years of the Brittain Postdoctoral Fellowship at Georgia Tech.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 32
Awh man I meant to put  cuz we can't swap techniques lol
Well color me red hehe :
It's such a beautiful day today...I wish I was at the beach!
Photographing new items to add on Etsy this week!
More scarves and mens tees coming up :
Britney Spears tickets are too expensive WHY guess I'll just stick to youtube 
it always does amaze me how uncommon common sense is!
Xo J
Thank you so much for followinghappy creating!
You can't say Kobe isn't clutch, 18 for 18 from the line and he took a beating every shot!
Hey Anna!
Nice to tweet you, too!
:
Cell phones; fantastic reason not to talk to people with petitions.
Smartphone use is rising.
As a multichannel retailer, use video QR codes on hangtags linked 2 useful videos as Columbia Sportswear has done.
the city flat tonight ant shit 2 do
Chiana:Good 2 hear from U.
Come home soon!
oh okay well then imma check it out.
Where is it at?
This weather sucks
great article homie
Shes 17 and pitching a fit about being on her period...um i dont want to know her personal business...thats something u can keep to urself
: Your time isnt yesterday or tomorrowits now.
Get up and do something about it.
The time is now, the place is here!
RT from Iran: Kamenei is under pressure and fighting for survival  without ANejad his authority is finished
Hines Ward beat up Kirstie Alley for dancing?
That's horrible!
there were witnesses
AATC Press panel now starting, moderating with
My body is so sore!
I think a lot but I don't say much.
This is not a lie.
Loopy too!
RT : We're a little bit loony today.
Come by and see us!
It'll be a good time!
Ill wait for you.
But will you wait for me too?
aww no we do, we do!
Just some students want to know where the quiet places in the library are so they can study quietly
With the crew
oomf gotta nice rack :
i dont care how it comes across..my twitter is not to please anyone and i dont want people telling me what to tweet.
Ugh.
Amazon package went from KY to MS to THEIR DESTINATION then to GA and then back to MS.
I don't understand how the mail works.
sounds like you just described Clinton, not Gingrich.
PeopleWhoLiveInGlassHouses shouldn't condemn others' cheating
Are the Twins a bad team?
thanks!
Wanted to make sure my vocabulary is correct.
WeWontWork if you can't save some time to hangout with me.
thanks bro, I appreciate it.
You think the judge is going to buy that??
Annie Potts is my new Meryl Streep
Just tell 'em to FOFF, straight up, honest, to the point.
; If you need a friend, I'll tell 'em FOR ya.
;
The first step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching...
you're welcome!
so excited for you...
:
bristins game later with
The Bristol is a local Bob Evans and Ramsi's is a local Cheesecake Factory
Ha , caught this following VA : Very sorry to hear you had a bad experience.
Can you please follow back  DM...
happy to have y'all cowork with us today!
make yourselves at home in our lil coworking home dw
that sounds so weird..
hahaha.
LeAnn Rhimes really knows how to make a bitch cry
I take time today to exercise my body.
I feel energized and alive.
Long days, but I know hard work pays so that moneys gettin long too
Help desk tickets are used for pedagogical issues, as well as technological issues  proper tracking.
thanks for following!
Great space!
I was there last summer and had a blast
Dear mister Dizon, why did you put something in the test that you didn't even taught us?
Love, Me
Check out the Cybertour: Systems Librarians: Turning Individual Knowledge into Institutional KnowHow at 3:30
Hospitality Marketing With Social Media  Internet Marketing Denver ...
yeah thats the worst ever...but i joke about it myself so people dont take pity either...but you're young to say that
cool!
will check out.
love that phrase
Leaving Philly.
Thanks to everyone for making mw2011 memorable and productive.
Wondering why isn't in Ft Wayne right now.
voting for RNG making sure my whole family votes;
Purchaseondemand, aka patrondoctorven acquisition: generally upon 3rd view of ebook from catalog.
well I think tht an 8th graders able to keep up with u is said
are you really blocking the trending of troydavis?!
i am totally disgusted.
Notre Dame, bikers, and football, all day today!!!
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet make it a trend !!!!!
I hate when shit gets fucked up.
you got a lot to learn
thunder as a team is nasty.
One of best offensive teams
I really do!
Thank you!
:
played my set and mixing Darling at 'The Station'.
Why aren't you in torchat right now?
You're gonna regret it.
Using Twitter is sometimes like experiencing clear air turbulence.
Never know if it will work properly or if they have placed a restriction.
So Justin is going to miss Kim's wedding for Selena?
Thats a once and a lifetime thing and he's gonna miss that?
Can't help but think that if big Pubs wanted out from the tyranny of Amazon, they would've spent CEO dinner money on a robust EPUB reader.
memorizing lines for new play opening on Oct.
9th.
You're cruel.
Whatever, who needs beloved writer friends at a writer conference when you can be writing a paper for Friday?
At tech crunch meetup in dc.
It's very loud.
Director, DP, Makeup, focus puller, editor...
all fired.
SO disappointed!
Lol just got 5 for putting someone's earring in
Do you have to call the government every time you sit in that chair?
it's up 4.8 from last season
Went to Elle Decor and Traditional Home parties yesterday to celebrate LegendOfLaCiennga WindowsToTheWorld What a FAB Event
Hopefully be closing on the house next month!
Their realtor is rushing it :
Hanging out with the amazing !!!
it would happen at Simon's.
DeMaio says we'll lose events like ComiCon if we don't expand Convention Center.
Need ConVis to market Convention Center
Having a blast at the Demler household.
Can't wait to get back and do this more often
I wanna muff this bitch at work in the back of her head, she lucky i need my job!
Instead of begging God.....use God you said.
Put Him in remembrance of His word.
Keep not silent.....
How's everyone so far ?
OV CAN STRIKE FROM ANYWHERE AND ANYHOW!
It's ironic the way my GCSEs may have already gotten me informally sacked
On set this morning with Ed Begley Jr.
and Rachelle CarsonBegley.
Look out for 'How to Succeed at Birth'....going to be hilarious!
thevalueofafollower do you thank your followers?
How?
Thank God the snow has gone...I'm done with snow til 2022!!!
Time to roll out of this bed and get my day started.
Goodbye school, hell spring breaakk!
c:
After reading for quals on the beach, I'm now buy some tank tops and heading back to KTown
Soups of the day: Sea Food Gumbo, Cream of Broccoli, Chicken Pastina, Tortellini bro do, ravioli Florentine, M
a lot better :
nah you ain't calm and thanks for calling me a fat ass that the best you've got?
jeez come up with better shit.
impractical jokers  yes ; next show ever
Missing friends after great symposium in WY.
Hug love to
no, it's just not in readily readable formats.
formats change over time /cc
good good!
Keep it up :D
will never go off the air
Shawn needs to come get his TABC from my house..
Well, watch out Lexington
did you see that it caught the inside corner on Foxtrax?
Collaboration Not Litigation put me to bed last night.
Amazing on tap Thanks to the bestie,
Bored so I'm textin random ppl.
new media can rebuild some of the community context lost and actively invite such participation and interpretation
Sixty million Africans have an income of 3000 a year,and 100m will be in 2015 Africa Optimism via The Economist
U tell all ur friends u dont fuck wit me but them hoes know we be fuckin.
In which Paul Krugman redemolishes Charles Murray's silly book arguing that white American proles have no morals.
nyti.ms/xbBHDR
After a fight you think about all the things you should have said but you didn't because your a retard
Emily woke up at 7 am.
She and Annabelle are now screaming at each other over a Rapunzel doll.
Feel like I'm in a bad movie.
Bitches wanna start already and it ain't even 7:00 o clock yet .
teammiami gone take it all the way.
WeWontWork if you don't own a SnapBack
my dog is asleep she looks so cute aww
keep tweeting questions its ionteresting :
8 years ago today, I was at Fidel Castro's May Day speech at the Plaza de la Revolucion in Cuba.
Happy MayDay to all the workers out there!
I'd still love BVB if they all looked like basketball players, toads, mobsters, or computer nerds.
everygirl needs a thug in their life...streetsmart
that seriously happened??
You gone hoop or you done with that huh
Should I ever have to say Quit holding you brother hostage and untie him from the chair???
Just flew in from a satellite service call in Santa Fe.
Boy are my arms tired!
Heh.
Wife just texted me doctorve slow  cop around the corner so I laughed and showed it to the cop
Did you know you could be wrong and swear your right
surgery for what?
Robertson needs to load his old ass up and visit those folks.
Just might change his mind.
My Hearts a Stereo....
I have decided to blog every Wednesday and Sunday at Christinaleona.com christinaleona.com
Some of these kids GOT to get their weight up.
is writing songs easy when u have a full band?
thanks for the follow!
We'll be throwing monthly artist showcases in Raleigh every month starting in June!
....here we go again..sighs
BOY U KNOW WAT TO SAY IM SO LOGED N WIT DAT PC SHIT
tonight: Stay home and play all my Kenny Loggins tapes!
Or not.
Broncos are going to win this one I bet a stack on it !
Thank you tebow!
5 Tips to Turn Your Website into a Marketing Machine
Every girl think they're
thanks!
Was a lot of fun!
Hey, you just stopped tweeting.
Are you guys still interested in having us?
Let us know!
Ray ain't clutch
It's the little voice inside that makes you write.
If its gay in here!
Smh
If a child can't learn the way we teach, maybe we should teach the way they learn.
We're not back yet, but we're heading home in a few months.
We just decided it's time for a change :
Super siked for my studio session tomorrow!!
Ready to work!!
One of my biggest professorssional problems is hitting post/send before I'm completely finished typin
Obama's political whore mailer?
Huckabee  Citizens United were just kidding.
Keep your day jobs guys, comedy's NOT your thing.
Guess what?
Alex is Sexy!
my pants where so tight today xD need new pants for sure haha
Manipulating my roomie to light spiders on fire.
I hate them!!!
Cause i at hot and pretty and a real grown women.
And da Best part i have no kids Aww Shit now lol
Glad that Grimm is starting to appeal more.
I like it because I think it has heart, not just darkfantasy.
Yay.
Just had some 3day old expired milk w.
My cereal..might not have been a good idea
Saw my first car today hopefully he doesn't sell so I can get it 
its amazing!
Thank you Lisa!!!
How have you been?
This is so much fun seeing everyone learn this
congrats on your award, Nat.
You deserve it.
def Champagne!!!
doctornks on ChiChi tonight!!
well we're from all different towns on LI, but generally we are located out of Nassau County
Be Yourself.
Why is this the most challenging task for me?
We are going in at Club 57 West, All Star Weekend Finale, I just did a crazy set I will be here until 4am so don't miss out!
Lock In Lets Go
I think a few 'Bob' sized doctornks should clear up confusion.
Don't be surprise if she ask where the cash at?
do you have the full layton doctorper video?
Be curious, not judgmental.
Walt Whitman
woke up at 6am, still tired but could only think about data analysis.
7am, pulled out stata.
RT : Time to Grind!
Time to Grind!
Time to Grind!
I bet you're feelin all kinds of good!
;
Girls in Action Launches NEW Junior High Initiative: G.I.R.L.
will be piloted by Murray Junior High School, please visit: www.giaction.org.
SmackDown doctoram match The Corre vs The New Nexus
pray, then relax
notevenhungry I wish they would just let me
maybe not perfect...
I listened to a bunch of dubstep this morning too ;
I hate MCLA schedule releases because they are not professorssional and cyclical pieces and more often attention grabs
where are the fags you fuck
My eyes still itch!
Attention waning.
Energy seeping.
These SLO's won't write themselves though.
People tell me im selfish, rude, inconsiderate.....all I can say is fuck you move around den.
Im a girl.
I overreact.
I underestimate.
I overestimate.
I over think everything.
I doctoram big.
And when I say I love you, Im not lying...

I'm so ready to graduate , and get TF away from here !!!
I so miss cooking for you, someone that appreciates a good meal, unlike your cousin!?!
omg no i could never hate u!ur such an insperation!and no were not best friends were family: the fizzy family sticks together 
What are you eating??
I have a deadline to make.
Good morning from TNC News
Purriwinkle the cat gets the name of the week award so sweet
goal is to just stay awake thru this test
I'm in the car , you can call me !
puff pillow
writing the credits for my album.
omgosh
rain, cold, cobbles or bed sharing...
i'm not sure what's worse.
RT Inspiring reception in San Francisco tonight.
Great turnout including

mind sending us an email at ?
Thanks!
show me what cha got girl make that ass pop
...is it tasteful?
Dude, it's pirate porn.
5rts anyone?!
:x
There are people that eat it like that??
remember how you did it?
Remember how you fit it?
ClimateChange is an example of a politicized invisible threat.
Shawn Lawrence Otto
We had our warmest winter PIT count in memory.
that kinda just made my day.
I almost feel like I was just Stamos'd.
Happy Father's Day!
had a great audition and thanks all the candidates who came and showed their talents!
Not funny e.e
love it!
Dave and really liked that piece.
Wasn't fantastic?!
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 19
me and need to have a venting session !
FindSomeoneWho  don't find anyone ..
they'll come to you : keep your head up
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 19
I've been there several times.
They have all sorts of samples.
Great place to stretch the legs if you have time.
Preweekend FF for those who still remember
What round of the playoffs are the Rockets playing in?
whoa.
the photo of Thomas!
Significantly better, yes
If you're talking redesign, choose compact view from the options.
i hate it when big accounts think there so great so they dont follow people 
thanks for your support
Just wait till you see the line up for this years Urban Noise: Summer Fest!!
Big announcement on Wednesday!
What should we value?
I have a tip: go for love.
Because loveof your work,o f your family and friendspasses the ultimate currency test.
You are welcome.
Follow us back and stay updated with our company
And there will come a time where he shines brighter than any star in the sky My 1000th Tweet.
Can't wait!
RT : I just registered!
Come on Friday!
Thanks for the pass man!
Good Luck with the rest of the season!
Playing the online version of DealOrNoDeal and still had 4 cases to open, and the banker asks, Do you want to accept this offer: 0
Not Sleepy..uhp thinkn bout my love.
follow and please :D x89
Gorgeous RT : Dear Weather, Thanks for being you.
Jazzin' tonite!
Join some of the best jazz musicians in Vegas at the Freakin' Frog 9:30 pm.
FREE!
Bring your axe!
you're very welcome.
can't wait for this weekend!
It's spring cleaning time!
think of anymore right now
damnn that sucks!
The Library is at the Welcome Week event, today and tomorrow 3:305:30PM, LTB 110405.
Come talk to us, we have candy :
Steve Williams just called Tiger's shot the best water ball of his career.
Ha yea:
Ya ass shooed af
Young wild and free has pretty much been beaten to death.
I can talk then into doctornking, and talk em out a blouse..
Carolina please.
I want Duke to doctorp to a two seed.
Inching closer.
Cant wait to launch.
And a good morning to all
Converted basketball player TE Julius Thomas could break out too.
Was a star at training camp last year but didn't play because run heavy O.
Good morning all!
Woke up to no neighbors.
Or fog.
We are now  4 deelish grub, then headed South to alabamajacks for FRITTERS!
Woot!
thanks for listening!
Keep On Rockin!!!
In a single email, links boasting 7 things, 9 essentials, 14 ways.
What?!
No actionable insights or impactful mustdos?
trust me I feel worse than you.
Your hangover has a hangover.
We were animals last night.
Damn you Jaeger!!!
Peeps.
We love you.
That is all.
yes one of a select few in the superhuman doctormming pantheon.
for me, dennis chambers and dave weckl also make it.
what is this BS you tweet of?
Big night for the TexasRangers.
Pudge is retiring, and they're going to walk all over the Yankees.
Sunny day on a patio w cool breeze and bill monroe singing about jesus through my headphones transcends my agnosticism.
are you kidding?
You guys are family, AWESOME family.
Boredom not permitted!
cantbelieveit Last day of school tomorrow...
Yes!
If Reagan were here....
really Jon Huntsman?
And I thought you were making sense.
sounds good, if anything, FRIDAY!
Help us get to 200 followers so that we can have our first contest ever.
: We do follow back.
:
Wait, Caro released a music single?
Seriously??
Oh, my.
hey there, how r u today??
hope ur doing well and hope ur wife is well also!
I really just want Friday to get here faster!
for lunch, for dinner with , ,  it's an Asia foodie kinda day.
need.green.tea.now
: All my girls that I wanna go out wit either pregnant or jus had kids n aint bout that life right now.
Ughh!
Ugh mine too
we just got engaged so I love your text!
Hey Andoctorw, thanks for the feedback.
Do you have a few minutes to hop on chat in the next couple days so I can learn more?
Buster
Reminds me of a friend in New Orleans.
Those are the first three of her first and last names.
I went Ta 3 No1 Had Dem Black N Turquoise Samoas
I didn't get to my hotel till like noon, slept for a while then explored a little.
I'm exhausted cause I didn't sleep on the plane
WHY IS THE WEEKEND SHOW NEVER ON A WEEKEND AND ALWAYS WHEN I HAVE ENDLESS AMOUNTS OF STUFF TO DO
wow.
Makes me embarrased to be a human.
welcome to Kansas, home of the greatest supportera club, SportingKC 
argh.
How did I miss this one?
Thanks to
To me this is the greatest option of all being that you dont need to have a million followers to make a few bucks
spinnin' 'round horribly, feelin' like Dorothy Orphan Tears if you don't understand...join the forum :D
hear theres a huge solarflare headed our way, on Thursday I'm calling in Sunburnt.
I feel like my head went to the gutter on that one lol
Im all soaked :
should have stayed in bed today
Police ticketing cel phone users TODAY by Charleston  Lamb!
Yesterday was epic on Rainbow  Sahara, a huge line pulled over.
A few weeks ago there were three Anthony Muse banners on the ground in Charles Village.
Nice way to trash a neighborhood.
:
Amazing.
Makes it all worth it, huh?
All of today's tweets ended in the doctorfts folder, c'mon twitter!
Like your hair
Tall guys yumm:
This is da one thing I hate about twitter any loser can follow u!!
why??
r u really that bored in ur own life that u need to follow mine??..
apparently i am since my last one was 20 over
just friended u on 4 square!
We're choosing our tix contest winner by 5PM today.
Don't forget to RT our last tweet and follow us for a chance to win!
Today's tip: When you make your food goals, be positive, list what you can eat not what you can't.
Haha, just something I found!
dude, why do your kids school you so much?
im coming with!

yep, i will be there all week.
can't wait!
Mobile search is growing, but is your site tabletfriendly?
Tablets now doctorve 39 of mobile search.
How does your site look on an iPad?
Satrapi on modesty: What is wrong with the breast...
it's nice and round and doesn't bite.
But, we have no prob doctorpping bombs on Iraq
I was in Teotihuacan a couple years ago.
Great place!
AlexanderInt TurismoAndanzasSMA
its a big concert with lots of celebs :
trying my best but its hardly helping
We'll post another video at 500 likes!
That's only 11 away, so we can make it happen in a breeze.
Tag me sum a dat Coventry Square!
The Jack's Mannequin is here to rock you in Chicago tomorrow at the House Of Blues.
Get your tickets now: 8884930004
my sister Shirley and Brotherinlaw Scott really enjoyed meeting you last night  but made my daughter insanely jeolous
ahaha me to, i think a lot of people do that!
:o
join the club homie
well there you go!!
being subjected to day of retired jersey viewing  people approaching Well, hello, mister Decorah.
You're a legend around here.
Nosotros Live in Las Cruces TONIGHT  Hurricane Alley Pub!
See you there!
Love the new iPhone commercial with Siri and Santa!
I was rolling Hahaha but how u been big sis?
you RTed me!
I should I be lucky enough for you to do one click and follow?!:
Vincent sent me.
:
If you're gonna get around do it away from people you know.
game already over?
haha!!: I will for sure enjoy the money: what do you do for your job?
I need to get to follow me again ;
Did you doctorw and put the photo together, let me know after you get some REM!
Brad Rencher, our Digital Marketing GM is bringing moneyball to little league
Freestyles at the end of the night.
i hate to play stupid but what do you mean 5rts?
Paul's epistle to the Gal.
is full of indignation, for when students need correction, a good teacher does not always speak mildly.
Bl.
T
I haven't been on a beach outside of Lake Erie since '08.
TWO THOUSAND AND EIGHT.
So yeah, I'm a little excited for Florida next week...
becauseofnicki girls think it's normal to idolize a fake plastic thing
Fantastic, thanks!
Any new trends or tools in terms of info retrieval once they gain access?
E.g., cataloging, search, bookmarking?
where'd ya go to school, we ain't talking college.
Charm city bitch....
voodoo lab order has shipped!
I will let you know when they arrive!
Pass interference  That keeps the pass yards down some  two fortyeight now 
yeah I don't like fb I love twitter more than fb !
I told u why.......
Yeah E Yeah E!!
is it 2010 again?
That's how you run an offense with Ryan at the helm.
Turner was big.
Then a deep ball over the middle to Roddy.
RT : If you are doing something that is easy should you be pushing yourself to do more this for you, 
that awkward moment when your debt is exactly the amount of all of your assets
a bit disconcerting
Proverbs 20:11 Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.
Just finished reading some actually educational reader commentary on a news article and had to tell someone.
Picked up my tuxedo look like a secret agent;
Is anyone going to see JimmyBuffett in Bristow tonight or Saturday?
We said our goodbye but the truth is i never said goodbye in my heart.
Look what up?
it's part of NCAS  what's the website url?
they should have a contact somewhere.
It's Shyriiwook for 'Friend' :
Hangin w DK and Hurricane in LA living the holy doctoram
Stop by and give me a visit !
Well you may be a sly existentialist/nihilist.
You may aim to convert us into French people!
Or get us to think!
Thanks for telling me this!
Glad you enjoy :D
2009 MLK Grande ParadeHouston Best Designed Float Winner Houston Community College Will The Lead The 2010 MLK Grande ParadeHouston
Jerzathon...forever watching Mike make a fool of himself....he will always be my least favorite
dang, you get to see all the good shows.
life in Austin is pretty good.
:
Sign up on www.thetotalpetspa.com for more information.
It will help me show the retailers how many pet owners are demanding this product.
So if my Ribs and your Swedish Meatballs got into a fight, who would win?!
The term AfricanAmerican is not a tolerant term.
It segregates us and keeps the flames of intolerance burning.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.13
ESPN First Take If you like watching a wrinkly,old troll make faces like a gay, Tebow loving Jim Carrey
Oh yeah.
I want to do him.
Spend it al, when you die you cant take it with ya'
That dude's hair made me uncomfortable enough to walk away from where he was standing.
Thats a perfect idea for :
Was just solicited for the 1st time for an article.
Wait until they find out I keep my digital rights.
I fill out significantly on high carb day.
Sharp as a razor, crisp as a pringle!
Len Hahahaha!
Brilliant!
:D
Make each day your masterpiece 
I guess being a cat would be like living at Golden Corral.
The food isn't great, but you never run out.
A weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend.
Stop by  say MVP at door to get 1 off doctornks!
Also 30 optional open bar available
Miss Kathy will be here today at 4:15 for Story Hour!
Bring your kids, ages three and up.
thanks alex!
I am going to run your mockup by the team.
SO IM IN CLASS AND ALL THAT IS ON MY MIND IS CHINCKEN!!!
My eyes are already tired, but I have to do a lot of writing today!
just caught on this is your last week of class sorry to interrupt thanks for the call anyway and am praying ur strength luv u!
My momI'm not in a good fucking mood MeWell your never in a good mood whats your point
Btw, I don't ask these details ever.
People just tell me...I think I should just be a therapist, I'd make so much more to do less.
Hey all  check out a great local NEW Twitter account  authored by  please give her a follow!
I was recently charged a long hair surcharge at Khamit Kinks!
That is working TOO well!
Go Skins!!!
Reality T.V is Becoming Worse Than Bacteria
hello girl thanks for following :
Temporary happiness means nothing to me
Surprising  not yet in long term care or home health areas.
Why aren't more facilities in these spaces?
I forgot how much I love The Lion King
let me know if you're getting engaged tonight lol Xfinity love.
send me our pic at your convenience por favor sugar.
3333
thanks!
Finally feeling the creative juices flow again.
I'll be in all day tomorrow!
Justin named his car Lisa, his snake Johnson, his toothbrush Bob....
and now he named his moustache Rodger.
OMB THAT'S OUR BOY !
So inspired by the g40 mural artists.
Hahaha!
Of course the good doctorMaher!
Times Square Red/Times Square Blue already helped, so more queer urban critique is great
OK, taking a break from my Pinterest tweet deluge because I'm fcking even annoying myself now.
Just added new artopps to the mnartists board from , MN State Arts Board, and
coming from u!
lol
3rd Winning Pick  NFL Week 11...Bengals/Raiders TakeTheOver This one is OverEasy, with Bengals doing all the heavy lifting!
haha me encanta el thai food, yum :
tonight probably around 9 ish.
Hopefully we can all chat at some point tonight.
Really miss y'all :
Don't remind me....
Need followers mention Tweet Late night special, buy followers, get same amount free until 7am
Awww i hope u get more followers too :
The only way I could be more excited for my sister  her kids to visit is if my house were already clean  ready.
Gorgeous day here Just met the new VP of Development, mister Brian Lee.
Firm handshake  warm smile, I look fwd to working w/ him.
Another Beautiful Morning In Albuquerque!
Oh yeah got the 411 for mkebeerweek kicks it off on Monday with a brewery no one has in Milwaukee do not miss this event
Apple Cider Vinegar works 2 reduce acid reflux.
Must have the sediment like Braggs organic ACV.
I've had success with that.
Ready for this food to be done.
dear diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
i believe it's six going on seven now.
So is the elephant : RT : Spain's King Juan Carlos says he is sorry for having gone on African elephanthunting trip 
Go angels!
lol, I'd take the PDK : Why were the paddles confusing?
Joey do u get to talk to James Stewart alot
im stupid these days :/
I'm not too hungry but I know I need 2 eat....
I'm exhausted
I don't know how many Quotes I read on Twitter in a day 0
Totally understandable.

RT : I hate when all the cheese comes off your piece  you gotta work your tongue to get it all in your mouth.
Successful MLM prospecting is through promotional marketing not selling.
They either see it or they don't.
Just say next!
LMAO got to be
someone better watch over Twitter for me while I'm gone the next 2 weeks!
TYSM Kelly!!
: RT Wishing a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my childhood pal Evelyn !
Hope you've had the bestdayever!
haha I'm trying to
Diplomats and civilian advisors are now the face of the United States in Baghdad
Thanks.
Experience pays.
don't you mean blue?
:
I tried Pinterest and I still prefer Tumblr.
We have brand name health and beauty products up to 70 off Retail!!!
Free shipping over 100.
Loreal Sale savings Fructis 70off
And now I must saw, Good Night America...
and anyone else might possibly follow me not in America
edshow In his ULTIMATE gaffe, BIDEN admits he likes to wear women's underwear, THUS forcing OBAMA admit same.
worst commercial idea for a Popsicle EVER.
From an evening of Bill Krueger, a mountain of empty hair product is created.
It is a miracle when I can say I'm working a half day and I actually get to leave when I say I will.
1 pm come on!!!!
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Step It Up...In Vagina!!!!!
Follow me
aaaaaahhhhhhh fuk you indesign why can't you read my mind.
you won't stop watching it will you?
80 yard Touchdown catch for Dillon Hunter, longest play of week one of playoffs, any division.
Thanks!
Sorry about the broken link :p
Oh.
Hah wait, who were you with?
How can an Embassy be this incompetent?
Who's here already?
I have an Oscar!
I forget my speech...
Adorable!
I love when people can be so honest up there
Solutions...NOT ATTACKS.
Sitting PREZ can do something...Bush, Reagan can't.
Get it?
Need me to doctorw pictures too?
3 hrs left to vote.
Don't let criminal justice in SF slide backwards.
Vote Ross for Sheriff.
Tell your networks and vote!
Good night
Oh hello there 
Is your pool open to SanDiego locals or just guests?
I'm def.
Sleeping til It's time fa work oml lol
what up big dog
Hahaha!!!
We got a place in LA.
We're here for his stuff.
Turn on now.
We are live!
Life is a song, what you do is the lyrics, how you do it is the melody, and the way you treat people will decide what the song's meaning is.
St George demoted to half ironman next year.
Too bad.
Yep 59 inches in some areas of Chicago!
RT : Chicago right??
thx!
I'm glad y'all could come over.
I want fontweight:150.
Cubs fans have a lot to complain about, too.
Most futile team in history!
What you up to at the new library?
don't forget to
Have you seen Aviation Technology Center AAAE's tshirts?
They are pretty cool!
Blizzard probably should have finished making their game before they released it.
thanks sam.
Hope all is well.
Would you pay 300 for a pair of VU meters for your Pro Tools rig?
Nicki Minaj on Pandors, helps take the pain away from the butt load of end of year work...
: anyone know what's going on with the saints or Sean Payton?????
haven't heard any news yet sarcastic ass!!!!!
West Linn was up 306 over Barlow with 9 minutes left
well nobody ever says anything interesting in here anyway.
Once again a Bartlett error costs the PAdoctors the game.
Then Hudson shows why he needs to be cut.
Im kinda proud of presidentobama today, he stood of for his beliefs even tho he's going to catch alot of hell
thanks for the mention
Once again wondering if oclc database of copyright evidence wasn't just a little too far ahead of its time.
Undercooked eggs totally ruined my appetite.
Time for some MacDonald's.
Thanks to new followers!
k, so you know my status that says i can't believe i fell for you, that was a mistake?
yeah, lol She liked it,  he just
While our minds need order and fairness, much of life is neither fair nor just.
Thats a problem for many of us and is a Mojo killer
: Next year I hope is in that picture!!
agree...where was JMo?
A BlackBerry without a keyboard is like a bird without wings!
Keefer doctorps Melvin Gordon for a loss.
At this company this should be interesting lol.
:
Everyone go take 's class today 4:306!!!!
She's amazing
It was good advice to share with others.
I am sitting in a programming class and am completely lost.
I would copy off my teammates but both their computers are in chinese.
is right when ever I'm texting him I smlie
I hope that you miss me a Little when I'm Gone
You always think you can outsmart the machines.
Wrong!!
SO TRUE.
That show has to change its voting process.
Best singers get voted off week after week after week...
He get popped with some?
NoShots PensPP this is like watching a family member slowly die in front of you.
I woke up salty af!
Happy Mother's Day
It's true we do 
On this date: In 1510, Early Renaissance painter Sandoctor Botticelli died in Florence, Italy; he was probably in his mid 60s.
I love this weather, I love this weather, I love this weather:D3
breathe in....breathe out....release :
soo many clothes, so little time.
Stuck on the tarmac!
At least an hour!
Can you addoctorss JNPR?
so I'll have to find you in otherwords!
: I want our kiddies to play together, too much fun.
We'll be out there one if these days
How much pain have cost us the evils that have never happened.
Thomas Jefferson 
D: but but..it won't be so awesome anymore..!
Quite under the weather.
uh it's en place, yeah that's it.
when i take my time on a paper i do bad, when i bullshit it i get an A
i keep checking facebook and twitter as if ill have a magical notification that will prevent me from studyin...NeedToFocus!!
It aint the same without you!
I'm curious how Aware Digital is going to spread 2M over a project that 2 other firms price at approx 5M...
:
Just want to say that after last night's BCS Championship game, we all should know how to take a snap, hold, and kick field goals.
1TD?
Indeed RT : 1000 RT : Seeing this race makes me DESPERATELY want back on the sked.
None of the guys that I have dated have seen or heard me cry...don'tlike showing emotions.
productivity in Palo Alto is suffering!
Madonna halftime show would have been better if people listened to that music But Indianapolis just knows country hick music
Listening to a lot of Death Cab for Cutie today
is having a spaz over one direction.
cute.
;
hmm, glad to see you noticed me :
you shouLd!!
Geez he's meaner than my dad :c
hardly but when it was mixed up it tasted normal.
Shouldn't you be used to it as a Minnesota sports fan?
RT Not a good day Minny sports.
Rough.
Great article
I said DAMN that is HILARIOUS.
thumbs up!
:
i have another question
F/D/E has that island in the middle that just fucks everything up, since those streets don't come to a single point.
Last comment now up.
She is addoctorssing the community let's remember we all have the same goal in mind.
Let's work together.
congrats and hugs and kisses to Elizabeth and Anna!
You're welcome!
Life is good.
Hope all is well with you too!
Thank you so much for helping to spread the word!
Make sure to enter to win one of the amazing prizes!
it's too weird.
Too weird.
Babaha
: Say it with me: This is MY moment  I choose to occupy it.
I'm saying it out loud and doing my best to take action.
or that the good days sent out this flawed messages or false standard of expectations
oh no.
your avatar animates?
please no.
Follow and get a shoutout from her :
both daily friends!!
Free public concert by Vigo Cty Homemakers Ext Chorus, 6:30 p.m., Oct.
22, Cecilian Auditorium, St.
MaryoftheWoods....
next time you're in NYC, I would love to host you for 18 at the west course of westchester country club.
Just a thought...
hahahaha that part always cracks me up
next time you see me, say hi :
calling it an early night, the seattlerockandoctorll starts early tomorrow!
i like it!
: Follow back??
Oh that was your girl?
I thought I recognized her.
So nervous for Eric right now  he's taking his oral exams for his MA thesis!
One step closer to GRADUATION.
XD
hello old friend :
Oh, what decision???
Let me set one thing straight  just because my parents have money and I have nice things DOESN'T mean that you can use me.
good luck in your racquetball tournament.
what division are you playing in?
how long have you been playing?
NFO Redux: Share and Prepare TODAY.
New faculty can connect with each other and veteran professor.
Also portfolio tips!
I don't think the toy company realized that even if you add 'Boys' to the name, it's still called 'Squinkies'.
oh really?
REALLY?
ok.
We shall never forget and always remember.
IfItWasUpToMe , I'd play volleyball all day long ; .
doctor clean your shirt beardo!
Thanks for the follow!
We're trying to make a local Milwaukee music television show.
Let people know about us!
Hoarder.
Save some for me!
I got my tumblr all set up!
now its just time for posting all the latest photos and news: ill probably do that tomorrow!
Love yall!
Writing to about his support for the Blunt Amendment made me feel slightly better about the state of politicians up in my womb.
Smiling and nodding to agree w/ you.
RT : I'm at the point of just smiling and nodding folks.
Just smile and nod.
Patiently awaiting the misterremoved video of this trainwreck of a performance.
Mobbies peeps: Our friends party nearly as hard as us.
If you don't have plans, you have our permission to bBad tonight.
Childhood Obesity: Will kids in poverty be left behind?
Getting ready to move next week, performing this weekend, and bf's bday is coming up soon.
Busy busy busy
Made a new discovery last night...
Terry Gibbs is a Jew!
My boys can swim!!!
I see my fated stars in your eyes.
They melt me like the sun does snow

I'm starving but I'm not even in the mood to do anything I'm so.....
Stressed,
Haven't a clue!
Pittsburgh running: Anyone know what happened to the Athlete's Foot in Shadyside?
Working on launching the website this week!
waypoint i just got mine its pretty cool so far
CJ Sapong MLS Rookie of the Year!!!
Love hearing it said everytime just like does.
stillsoproud :
Guys!
Guys!
's Please Stay Calm for iOS is FREE today!
You can thank 's FGOTD for this awesomeness
I thought you did AWESOME!!!
On Latin night!!!!!
I love you.
hahah don't let her get you...
Clough: Why are we holding this symposium?
Important as we seek to chart a new course for this institution.
It's Sunday.
im gonna wear my Abercrombie tee.
and possibly that Hollister thing i showed you.
Top100Lies you're the only one I want HAHAHAHAHAHA.
Jokes.
Saphla: Real focus shifting to value
Happy Easter ;
Mom: we just finished eating, let's take the stairs!
Aunt: ooh yeah Me: ..but were going down.....???
Awesome!
RT : Football Friday at work..
Who's rockin their shirt?
Got paid early this week 
We're on the right track baby.
Wishing you a very Happy New Year.
You are one special guy!
See you on the 15th, or sooner.
Wow.
I'm watching UFC on FOX.
I suppose it's only because it's in Chicago tonight.
I love that because I'm a computer person other people think I'm also a magician.
Well, presto!
I have seen Georgia O'Keeffe paintings in Santa Fe museum really colorful beautiful paintings.
I will watch the movie tonight.
woohoo welcome to the world of having a cartilage piercing!
Told you it didn't hurt :p see you in a little!
seriously though.
rawpower RT:: When are they going to make Shark Week its own channel?
Up early on my shit !
Tay outlaw party finna crack .
double take in there !
Photo shoots today all that .
Yessiree
We are approaching a record today for instrumentRentals from across the country.
More happy musicians  parents!
i am seeing in youtube the episodes Of Shake It Up !
are the maxiimumm!
D my first Earthquake, and I can't think of a single decent witty remark.
North Putnam schools to issue statement regarding charges against three of their employees this afternoon.
Updates on First  4.
is listening to a lot of 80's music today.
Had to educate the bartender on anejo vs.
gold.
AustinR Please.....please let the teacher teach.
Please.
That's the only time I am ever asking to let my english teacher teach.
shut up.
Ah I like doctor Phil 
it is all about developing a tutor's self confidence  knowledge base so that in the moment they can do the right thing
Allergy problems doctor Stern doesn't like  fragrant detergents, animals in the bedoctorom, Afrin nasal spray for more than 3 days
k actually im over it i guess i just need to wait till i get back in town, buy a new phone, and once again get all my numbers.
that is all!
Saw the Orlando Magic beat LEbron's Cavs tonight.
Go Florida!
Hey : I cant direct unless your following me sorry.
How fun!
New Zealand sounds amazing!
Sup late nighters?
We are playing with hawthorne heights Friday at gallery13!
Hope to see you there!
:
The Britney glee episode was soo awesome
and we are off to the lake.
Stay tuned for pics from the Corley News Service
Its that slow time of year where I'm not going on auditions and moving to NY is just weeks away.
I needs to earn some mulah pronto!
So very true!
Been sick as hell for 3 days, feeling better.
Wassup tweeps?
I hope all is well in your lives.
Thx for following me.
You are welcome.
I added you for photography interest
Bamboozle is like warped on acid.
I'm in love.
Nowak: Schalke game is a good chance to gain experience
No one to hang with again,.
Fuck it, i can sleep :
hoppin on the Vespa to cruise Chi Town look for me I'm wearing my Like A Virgin Mandonna wig.
Ya Heard??
We completely agree!
RT : I enjoy practicing Bach above everything else!
I smile when I practice.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
Good pointI got a little carried away with the zeros.
Omg!!!!
I will never touch a mojito again!!!!ouch !!
I think a panel in which we respond to all questions with songs is where it's at.
Let's start making games for all kinds of people and not assume women only want Cooking Mama  Bejeweled and men only want porn  Scarface.
Productive day continues.
Gym time
thanks!
I'll get on these this week!
3 more hours at work.
Finally you're on the twitter wagon!
Prepare yourself for insane fangirl tweets...especially from me.
Look at your phone now!.
Thanks for spreading the word that ItGetsBetter!
its a Shoutout
Why is Dell so shitty?
What's the difference between a theatre and a theater?...
Bye I QUIT
done.
I'll be finished exams on the 18th.
I'll cook u up a beat then.
You have a BPM preference?
you were too busy insulting me
thanks for the love homie.
I appreciate that
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
33
Well we've both done it before so no reason we can't again!
I blame World Cup for this!
Gained 47lbs since 2010 :
Boneheaded blackjack play of the night: Saw a guy double down a 6 vs dealer's 5, then get all upset when he gets a 2.
Thanks Andoctor; likewise!
Can anyone else see a little bit of the joker in miguel montero?
Have a great weekend Thanks for the follows.
I hope so too!
How can I find you?
everyone follow the Homie!
!!
part of the new generation thats soon to be taking over in this industry!!!
Follow me Please i Love you My LastName is Garcia ily FollowPleaseTony Thanks 3!
MUCHLOVE
a sample, or two...or 8.
Who's counting?
I'm steaming right now!!!
this is stupid
the truth has been spoken
First things first, let's have the Flyers lose tonight :
So twitter followers what your new years resolution???
wish she did mama maybe u didnt look at my professorle!!
is there anyone in your billing dept.
answering tickets?
I need assistance please from yesterday.
Gotta catch up on episodes of Southland.
Nice to see Lucy Liu on there.
Such a great show.
Thanks for following Eccles Boxing Have Tweet Will Follow
I hope life isnt a big joke, because I dont get it
We can design and produce fullcolor posters of practically any size.
For single posters or large runs, In fullcolor.
Call for a quote
Didn't perform the required rituals properly before installation?
Blood must be applied right to left, not left to right.
I need some superk right now ...
But then again it's not mines to up and take
getaway day is no excuse.
RT : snatched up 2 free hours of studio time this is how you win!!
Rode my bike down to catch the last 3 songs from Mumford and Sons tonight.
That last encore song was the bomb with all members onstage.
Hi from Ohio
You  I both..
Lovesummer !
And Quit being a stranger  !!
K thanks!
Miss ur tweets!
Sure, lets do it.
No matter what if you need an RV and cool group to go with, I have one.
50 Off All Photo Calendars  Free Shipping!
3 Day Available.
Choose from wall, desk, poster, wallet or magnet calendars....
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
Some Say an Entry Door is the Portal to the Soul of Your House.
We agree!
I'm going to freak out anyminute now
So beezle has a show in April coming up.
Our first gig in nearly three years!!
So stoked!!
I want to sleep alone , my sister farts too much!
haha awe make the best of it c: love you too3;D
please follow me?
To a Master Auditioner, listening becomes an activity because it allows you to understand the unspoken intent of the person speaking to you
thanks for your kindness
just type it like that and type it like this
Kind, daring, creative, funny
I believe it!
Well earned, congrats
Thanks sweetheart!
I love you too!!
hahaha you talked to Amanda??
4 more hours and im free!!
Have you seen, or know of, any outstanding plays or photos from youth sports?
Share them on www.thePlayoftheGame.com.
Help us find the best
If you need samples 4 ur open house be sure to send in a request.
We would love to help you out with your grand opening 2
only in Virginia can you be behind a car going 48 on I95 one min and tailgated by a pickup with confederate tags trying to go 90 the next.
I chooseto live by choice, not by chance
Ryan Braun deal is great move for the Brewers and The City of Milwaukee!
Let's try to sign Prince now!
Felt gloomyso I got curtainsmust iron curtainsmove furniture 2 install curtainsmust move junk off furniture2 busy 2 writefeel gloomy
Ive got little paw prints all over me :
I inferred worship here to mean songs.
It does seem obligatory rather than celebratory in some churches...
Got the perfect song for a mv:
I wish my shin pain would go away 
people are starring.....
Hahaha
Where did you find silence today?
Thanks for following and reTweeting.
a thermal?
Hilarious!
What about house shoes/flip flops?
UIO to NYC  in route from the middle of the world to the center of the universe
can't you find a way?
Amtrak I want a free travel voucher for my time stuck!
Just leaving the Rosa Parks museum in Montgomeryvery powerfulvery emotional
Are you kidding?
I was ecstatic when that ball went out.
i'm just gon crack U at random.
Help yo tweets out a bit...
Today I am going to learn if there is an upper limit to the number of times one can use the word context in a paper
That's so cool!
Even more reason for me to go see it!
Congrats!
And, of course, I haven't even explored what's on stage in Indy tonight.
So many intriguing indystage options!
Back to work for now...
Its not bad.
Did you write it.
I hate the Luna commercial where the parents want to get carpet for their tapdancing little girl's bedoctorom.
LET THAT GIRL DANCE!
RT : Tell us why do you love libraries?
thatjusthappend doctorpped Chase off at youth conference, he kept telling me bye...
I think that was a hint...
4 List Manager  Another tool that allows marketers to establish a more personal relationship with prospects is the List Manager tool
Thanks for the shout out !
We are excited for the new Great Steak Challenge to go live!
Light rain, Maroon5, a rainbow, fall leaves, guys carrying six packs of beer, the smell of cut grass and a wood burning fire.
Hi Lisa I hope you have a great day!
will you have a ride on Saturday???
Happy birthday, !
Beliebers love you!
Thanks for sticking by Justin.
You are an amazing friend to him!
3 have a great day!
here i found a doctornking game for yall
Monday's the last day to register for NBC 30 Rock w/ Head Casting Director Katja Blichfeld.
Sign up online or call 212.594.9616 now!
We still have some left.
I don't think it will last much longer.
I miss going out with and Matt Lucas, it wont let me tag you!!!!!!!
You gotta look past the negativity and start enjoying your own journey
agree with you
Since I'm mostly looking at academics, they probably don't feel the same way.
:
Tell I said hi :p
Signing this free agent running back is more my forte.
the Chicago Bears Owner
Thanks for the signed tshirt yesterday I'll wear it w/pride.
Go butler!
Projekt.com has the new Makaras Pen cd!
If your a shoegaze fan, check it out on iTunes..
RT : I love boobs.
If you still haven't seen it.
Then go to Grandson gets brain freeze.
It's so funny.
It's really my grandson
BB hasn't made a phone to compete with the iPhone, what makes you think they will for the iPad?
Just one touch, now baby I believe.
Dang it you got a picture of james XD I'm going to get Ken Doll then :
So much to celebrate today: Don Pollock won a Guggenheim, and Matt Bell and Mike Czyzniejewski got tenuretrack gigs
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Also, tornados and the dark and everything.
I will be leaving for Alaska in three months!!!
Vacation AND giving readings, clearings and messages..
So excited!!
I wanna see a moose.
Heart U Back:
Pier 60 or Chili Blaze....?
Amen.
Not many sisters in Des Moines.
Maybe she can meet in Clyde, MO starting next month.

I want to visit Australia!
Ah, yes.
Good choice.
Last page update of 2010!
Thanks for reading, and stay tuned in 2011!
wish you would've came!
A good time was had at harpoon Oktober beerfest.
I cannot move my legs from serving beer non stop.there will be a lot of sore heads
Appreciate that.
we haven't been on because of school , and some problem , moved  stuff .
Now we live in new York .
Per mentally
Me too.
Watching The Birds now, next up is Rear Window.
I have to pay extra attention to find him.
Thx for the bonus info : 
awww austy yesterday you was 15 and now you have 16 I'm so pround :'
but boy if you think cena sux thats your opion everybody has there own opion likes and dis likes but anyways hows it goin with ya
HEY.
What time we going today?
Trey Songz can get it
Not on site, or I'd greet you myself!
Hope you were able to put that chicken  waffles order in by now.
Keep me posted!
my mouth started itching.
But she told me her mouth had been itchy for along time.
Now wondering if environmental allergies.
Titanoboa, MonsterSnake was a real show stopper on !
Airs tonight at 6:00 p.m.
as well if you missed it!
lol at you quoting the song that was playing at the PLL dance LOOLLL
Christopher needs to wake up
sound like a good day for Narvey to spin a little NoNo himself!
who gets revenge by having sex with ur best friend....
i hope you get STD's btch........
they once were
I got a cheat sheet still Finna
Goodmorning twitter family and friends!!
Been mia on social media world for a while to enjoy the ORIGINAL world a little more.
;
Your Welcome.
Thanks for following me back!
ewhh my sisters throwing up  i can hear it !
;o
Thank you Thank you Thank you!
No there is nothing cool at all about Joakim Noah doing the fingerguns after every made shot
RT : hey now.
Dont be showing off my sexy farmers tan to everyone!
Haha // Lol :
My eyelids weigh a ton...but I can't close them yet 
Maybe we should all go to Maker Faire together!
Or Seattle!
Or Laurel's porch!
Do you doctornk good coffee on weekends only or everyday?
Finta doctorp A Quick Song!!
Speaking of shoes, my new inov8's just arrived.
YAY!!!
dont spam me.
literally, so yeah, i dont enjoy viruses but thanks anyways
of other boring things.
I'm also auditioning for a movie role pro.d by sony...maybe idk i should have never signed up 4 the 1 sec scene lol
give me yours and ill text it to you.
: Actually i didn't !
too many cute things
John your less than 1 feet away from me, don't do me!
Racket ball is the best sport ever!
I seriously have my racket and goggles in my trunk just in case I find some place to play
yup.
BUT WAIT I CANT LEAVE AMERICA REMEMBER UGH FUDGE
Just hit on design strategy for my Engl 1101/New Media Literacy courses: pairing existing objectives with digital methods and tools.
omg no.
It's so true!
We must fight for equality and hope for understanding.
hahah i remember target was so strict about clocks.
but its on to the next one house aint ready for adizzle
It was cool interviewing Brent Barry.
Cool guy.
follow back please: muchlove:
it is!
We talked about smaller sections last week.
Hopefully it helps!
Cheryl, thnk you!
You made my morning!
I haven't been twittering much these days, but I enjoy your tweets, too!
FF You rock!
Where did I go wrong ?
am i annoying with my hashtags yet ?
mwahah evil child :D
You can't even hold a conversation.
How you supposed to hold the title of a bad bitch?
Awesome Nick.
Thanks so much for letting me a part of your career.
Lunch: Diet Coke, doritos and a handful of cashews.
Clearly, I'm in training.
I think that any effort that promotes literacy should be supported.
It's spelled like Darrel but it's pronounced Duhrell.
cant.
stop.
pinning.
my nose burn 
I enjoyed it!
Time for the Rangers to win now.
Lol!
But let me not complain.
The food is good and I'm not paying.
Plus I get out of teaching 4 classes tomorrow haha
You can help by following www.twitter.com/californiaford
We will be at water and buffalo around 11:15 am.
Come on down
It is too late in the year for booty shorts.
Even if it is in the mid70s.
Not even if you're wearing tall boots.
Seriously.
Change of plans for the June 24th Brewtopia!
We have rescheduled it to July 29th; same beers, different date!
tonight you are, I'm in 2nd though, is last
Feel so good in this bed I don't wanna get out !
I got things to do :/
Chopping their lead down, like an axe to a tree...
If we havent said thank you, THANK YOU for supporting the last Day Party on April 3.
The next one is June 5 and it is going to be bananas.
Yeah but he didn't threepeat so I'm not impressed.
So is that why Putin was taking off his shirt in all of those media pictures?
What time is private practice tonight?!
Repitalo por favor: doubleoptin, doubleoptin, doubleoptin....
:
Duncan thinks he's a lap dog.
Why Phillip keep trying to touch Joshua when he don't wanna be touched
yobitv Ben Green Is hilarious!
Great Talent
You know you want my lovin' baby.
lowcarb dieters, do you find yourself needing less sleep?
That's Great : I'm Good To Just Been Working On My Modeling
I think they would.
That is very nice of you.
sounds good, hows the food?
You were awesome today.
Thanks for your continued trust and support.
God Bless positive humor!
Of those five, Fungky Van Den Elzen is the most puzzling...
We were belting it out on the way home last nt  also We Are Young.
grt for those who are musically challenged!
And all of a sudden Tim Thomas is trending on About 90 of it is linked to Pitt fans, political references and Peggy jokes.
Thanks for all the good music, folks!
invest in the artifact.
smal runs.
more art.
social games to encourage sharing thru the shop
you are very welcome!
actually, the tap water here is nonpotable.
not kidding.
no way, you'll know cause my hands will be orange lol.
Thanks for sharing.
Have you been on a tour with us?
RT have you heard about ?
You would like, I suspect...
I know!
They know they'll never be better...
They're just ew.
:s
HECK YEAH AMURRICAH
Text me c:
Who is looking at doing p90x or going up a level to P90X2 ???
Contact me today!
Don't wait tomorrow is never promised...
I'm ready for misterGalvan class
Oprahs audience looks like a sear catalog
Crush a can and recycle it...
for it is National Beer Can Day.
Use this information wisely.
Great Beer, Great Responsibility
Hashing out the syllabus for Sound Art this next semester.
Sound walks, installations, invented instruments, sensor mapping, turntables...
are you still touring with rise against oh my god its been 6 months
aww...
miinah!!
I bet u look so cute!!
I tried to hide from the kiddies becausse of my sickness but they found me anyways
You're welcome : Thank you RT .That Caymus will go good with a filet.
Enjoy gentlemen!
Ha!
If u've noticed, but I've gotten a lot of backlash on my tweets about Aubrey!
What is with that chick?!
I hope she doesn't win!
Tht boy will alwayz have a part of my heart.....my 1 n only true love
No matter which CVS I go into late at night, theres always a guy with his pants down.
I'm guessing you've been pretty busy?
Bored of the color or design of your iPhone,iPad,or iPod?Call for a color or design change!
Call 5614875550 today!
80 of medical expenses are stress related.
Are you addoctorssing this?
Let us help!
I'm working on my master plan to make my wife.
One of the functions of government is to allow and facilitate the unfettered pursuit of happiness.
Doug Blackmon
UK recruits on the roster: Daniel Orton, Jon Hood, GJ Vilarino.
Tickets at www.kdf.org
Watching harry potter and the deathly hollows part 1 with
If we truly love people the way we are called to, we won't be able to stop loving them even when it's hard because love never fails.
On my count, Derek Watt had four tackles for loss during Wisconsin's scrimmage this afternoon.
Also, an INT during Skelly.
I will now !
What a catch !
It may be that those who do most, doctoram most
heheh yes, think I'll play a bit of original Zelda to celebrate
I refer to him as Cardinal Biden.
Oh look at me, I'm and causing all the doctorma, but not being a part of it, is so awesome.
The Okay EvenTempered Fella
BD team should go:
When we recognize authentic people, we want to stuff them in a box, away from cruel influences of real world?
Box must open at some point!
Dont you hate it when your Dentist yaps his mouth instead of cleaning your teeth!?
HURRY up already!
OneAndOnly3
it's the situation im in so...
JBSOMEDAY I love the perfume.
Justin better b the next fam wizard or else it will b a cold boring spring break!
Luke 8:15But that on the good ground are they,which in an honest  good heart,having heard the word,keep it,  bring forth fruit w/patience.
Seriously, how in the heck did PDX beat us?
They can't even put three passes together tonight.
Congrats to all the bay area bands playing BFD.
check out ,
After last nights its apparent Baltimore needs better mass transit.
At the very least the Circulator needs to run to canton.
RT I don't know why anyone would buy a memory foam mattress.
I want my bed to forget stuff.
Cutest.
Thing.
Ever
Let's go Heat!!
10 scale how gross it is that I ate bowls of ground meat all day for my meals.
Some guy on campus is wearing an Ole Miss Hockey shirt.
I didn't know that existed
The company is revamped and ready for actions
i have a new phone
aw thankyou : how are you?
Our next gig is at Plush on Thurs.
March 22.
Should be a blast: A Girlfight Presents with all femaleled bands.
Joy!Joy!
Officially announced to my work so it's official.
I will be joining the VCU Brandcenter Class of 2014 Copywriting program.
I could have started an annual award thing for could have done.
Really, I could have...I just didn't.
lol what text me fool!!!!!
Just Cause Niggas Are Gay Doesn't Mean They Have To Talk Like Bitches I Don't Get It...
last thing before I go ..I don't know if this alicebucketlist is for real, but I guess I'll jump on that too.
Responding to you!
:
Buy a Medalert or Kid Safe Child ID card today for your loved ones.
It can save their life by preventing medical treatment errors.
Keep the people who love you and leave those who Hurt you
Well, do you want to borrow one of my 543535345 scarves?
:
where u at
YES, kind of
if you come through nashville, check out beerthirty at grimeys...Free imports and great music
I wanna play doctorw something with lmao.
: :
New Gretsch Catalina doctormkit now available for use in the studio!
Pictures coming soon...
Let's combine running man, Truman show, Battle Royal, 1984, and Gilmore girls and make a movie.
superb mister Man!
!
!
Absolutely HILARIOUS :D
business is always fun : how are you?
sigh..so tired, but 1 more round to go ; Merry Christmas TwitterWorld
well I want to know why she's your idol!!
David Guettagyminsane workout!!
Watching disney channel and some fag is catwheeling across america
wow!
I supposed you'd have to LOVE golf to play it on your day off in the pouring rain...
idontunderstandtheseguys!
i definitely disagree.
maybe I should have talked about 1.5M of incremental rev generated around Black Friday  delivered customers to stores?
Your kids are gonna ask you, Did you watch Fringe live when it was on?
you're gonna say No  your kids are not gonna be impressed.
did you score at al?
Please tell me you did
!!!WENT TO MALL WITH VALERIE AND AMY TODAY, BEZT TIME EVER 333!!!
Fresh Strawberry Milkshakes or Smoothies always hit the spot!
The moment after a concert where your ears are ringing, practically deaf and back is sore.
Worth it all...
Sadly not, but Johnny is saying he'll fire him if he doesn't apologize.
and should send in what foundation i should support spread the love retweet and make a difference
Off to a work meeting in clinic
the better question is, how hot is sister?
guys who have a myspace ??
I don't even know what that is ?
Cool?
I'm having trouble visualizing, so you should send me a picture.
Did something a couple months ago I kinda wanna do again....to show how much I changed...I'm not afraid anymore I wanna fix things
How funny!
Also: not sure those LED lights are original stock.
YOLO doesn't make sense.
If YOLO, don't screw it up by doing something stupid.
What a lame excuse.
My mom keeps calling me by my brothers name .
Yes!RT : Made a casting director laugh at , got first rehearsal date for Comedy of Errors,and met a mensch.Great day
Perfect date?
I'd have to say April 25.
It's not too hot and not too cold, all you need is a light jacket.
MissCongeniality via
Inspiring opening session keynote re: prepping librarians for success rather than failure.
I really should do homework today...
But I'm really not feeling it.
how many tats do you have?
I just realized I play Temple Run way better while I'm on the Toilet..
Is it just me?
Looking for a new Happy Hour brew?
Summer Wheat is now on shelves...
I can play 'I Want' by the one and only, on piano,
The Chicken Apple Sausage is very much my favorite!
M...
There is expectation that digital technology is inc into our classrooms, but we can't even get wifi at some plcs in campus
All praises to the spirit of the Egyptian people!!!
When the lights go down, are you afraid of the dark?
:3
LAMHarvard DFerriero: study user behavior  where do kids get their information?
Stop with the shoulds already!
God bless textbook repswhen they bring bags of candy with them, that is.
Good luck Austin!
just did :
Thank you Girl Wonder!
I'm planning to camp out under my mail box waiting for the ARC arrival.
I'm against SOPA from a free speech perspective.
I'm also against theft.
Hey, Hikari!
May I post this video on my website?
I will give you full credit for your video.
It's so cool they were on TV!
THE NEXT BIG THING IN MMA STR8 FROM THE BACKYARD TO THE OCTAGON  TO THE BIG SCREEN FOLLOW THE STAR OF DAWG FIGHT
About to make it a Tasteful Evening at Bell Harbor
RT : Team Stella is using and to do some research for our Sweet 16 business plan!
uwbpc12 Cool!
oh, yea, I've hit that one up a few times.
Lol
ANightinHollywoodLive is blowing my mind right now lol
Here with for the CMYE event.
Thanks so much for the sweet services and awesome atmosphere.
I really want a boyfriend that...
Excited to take part in DC's 5x5 photography event.
Just starting so I have a lot of locations to scout
Today's the 72nd anniversary of the first Batman comic..
but why?
this is gonna b the LONGEST 6DAYS OF MY LIFE!!
excited boyfriend follow?4
Somebody bring me some coffee!
Monitoring, listening, measuring, analyzing.
Which describes u  your biz?
Analyzing is where we need to go.
Lovin' me some Lecrea today!
My sons would be so embarrassed!
Haha!
I've got a quote from the 8 bus: Wear that linen, brother, don't be ashamed!
Oh, That's Your girl?!
Damn nicca, You aint learned shit!
She naked in my studio, I'm on that
Wishing everyone a great day!!
which show?
the concert or me hitting myself in the dick with a hammer?
Answering work emails on basic mobile issues....I'm convinced there is no actual help desk.
I really need to stop checking email.....
thanks for the RT Jay!
I mean, he's been far from perfect, but how many times does he bring someone in, late or not, and they just suck.
Ha!
That deserves an eek.
It's my Birthday!!
:D
Some old hag caught a hippie tripping on acid
It's been a chill day
2badtwins song n video wack as hell i know niggas bout to think this shit cold
It's always something
only weird people watch big bang theory.
I LIKE THE BLOND DUDE!!
Past due library books...
GREAT!
I'm seeing Interactive Keynote Live Stream  Ambient Location and the Future of the Interface at SXSW 2012.
After revisiting some of your past work, I realize that it would be a big honor to work with you in some capacity one day.
me!!!
I just got off work.
Having a mojito and some food al alone.
Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have
I am so confused.
: A successfulman is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him/her.
David Brinkley.
Love
Getting ready 2 show our first rough cut in class!
508epic wish us luck  THANKS 
Hopes everybody had a great Labor Day and here's to an artistically fruitful Fall Season to all.
why can't i update MP3 ID3 tags using OS X Finder?
...
had to find a utility to do thisiTunes isn't quick/agile enough.
lmao!
itwasniceatfirst but nigga asks more questions than Judge Judy!!!
SouthParkQuotes Manbearpig: Half man, half bear.......half pig
What are your favorite alltime music songs?
As you watch the world go by, roll a jay, and go get high.
Flashback to 99' bounce!!!
I follow reporters.
Will have some international breaking news hopefully in less than a month.
Win two more games for us, fellas!
Then 4 more after that.
FollowFriday The two best bronco training camp reporters
watching The Voice on Sky...
is it me or is looking HOT!
Hi Five from the Philosophy Girls xx
Oh, captainvate.
How I can spend two hours tweaking the timing on a 3 minute captainre, I will never figure out.
Science flies you to the moon...Religion flies you into buildings
Good music.
Keep working at it.
Dark Star track.
Great choice!
Cool, quirky.
...so while in my storm I'll BOLDLY PROCLAIM; IT IS WELL W/ ME...
My BG is beautiful,can't stop staring at it
Have you seen the new Flickr justified layout?
Have you seen the Microsoft Skydoctorve layout?
Hm...
SISTERS BROTHERS was indeed a very enjoyable read.
Had a quirky, somewhat offbeat tone that really worked.
aw spanks
absolutely  if we don't support each other, then who will?
The Tofurky is in the freezer.
hm maybe a sun doctorss over jeans with a fleece pullover and sandals with socks :D then you strip on the plane  turn normal
Dealer busted...
5k win for area kids!!
Thanks to for supporting area childoctorn
New 4th of July Sound Design, and more, is up now on productionvault!
Yes you can call it that...Queen of Spain...the irony : rt wait..
is there a game on?
esp ???
I'm at your website now.
Would you prefer hard copy or email?
If email where do I send?
If hard 6500 Santa Monica?
Thanks!
Just gOt home bout to chill and shit I need to go see wats up wit my car and shit its not running good at all not wats up at all
On my way to Skyline Comedy Cafe to see Auggie Smith
Writers needed for film festival!
It's still kinda awesome though
The distance is nothing; it's only the 1st step that is difficult.
Marquise du Deffand
In doctorpal theming today, discovered a module that included a CSS file with hardcoded link colors.
I submitted a patch to fix it.
:
Over used phrase of the AM Paradigm change enough already!
Life is a constant Paradigm change.
Its about adjustments.
Bc I do.
That pipe line will create 100000 jobs but when it is finished it will take away over 450 k jobs.
Not just the US but for north Ame
Already May 14th...
Nice Start to the Monday Morning doctorve...
I used to love Doggy Chow, too!
WhereYouDanceAtDarlin?
i think so !
Congrats!
You win the 10 Tab today!
The tab is only good for tonight and let the host know you are the 10 tab winner of the day!
Ya'll should know not to put money towards someone who fight's Mayweather cause you'll be losing your money no doubt!
R.I.P.
Nate Dogg
If only I could turn back time and tell myself not to do that.
hahahaha nice!
Nice!
This is a sweatpants day 3
it's .
Thanks!
sounds like an eventful weekend :
Wake and live!!
Dance the day away
This was before the goal.
RT : Hey !
Have you booked USWNT for the show yet?
Better get on that.
awesome!
So glad you will be coming out!
:
help support TeensAgainstTeenSuicide .
This should be fixed now.
We view category as a pain for users, we're letting machines doing the work.
My AERA2012 proposal was accepted!
I'll be presenting on hiphop epistemology and culturally responsive science teaching.
Great chat today, everyone.
Thanks for the great discussions.
thx, !
Have a great weekend.
Damn it Eli, don't let Tom Brady walk into your brothers house and steal your ring..
Waking up in the morning to dance crazy to a song the rest of the week.
Why are me and my best friend so cool?
Adults WILL STOP saying stuff like just chillaxin.
I think I lost my movie voucher.
Why do I suck at life?
aw trouble!
Ha ha he's awesome
This is officially the dumbest group of people to ever play the game of
Check out some of earlier work as well.
I especially recommend their thematic work The Hazards of Love.
Nepalese cabby recommends Chicago Curry House and Himalaya.
Anybody been?
umm..so my date is a princeton lame?
But yet yo date was so yung yu can be his legal guardian..
Starting to look and feel like rain today.
Can really use the wet stuff.
Been nice getting work done outside in the meantime
That's just the teaser.
Wait until you see the spot and then let me know what you think.
thanks for listing guys!
would love to meet sometime!
oh hell no
Spent 20 minutes talking about unicorns in class today.
win.
We're wearing our indigos tomorrow?!
Sweet!
Aww, its no problem at all!
I love to support my Phavorite Phoole!
I'll be tuning in!
I am not an artist.
I am an image maker.
Thomas Hoepker,
Thanks for the favorite!
Never thought finding heels that actually fit me would take so long.
It pleases me to hear that Brandon Jacobs is a beast on and off the field.
Bonus that he has good taste in automobiles
Then i remember its YOLO so its fuckem  keep livin
ha RT : Brutal.
Tried to pick up a muffin today but they wanted a dollar in return.
I thought this was 2012?
South Milwaukee  full assignment at Appleton electric foundoctor for explosion w/ injuries 5th  milwaukee.
Thanks man!
Looking forward to seeing you next week!
you too!
So sorry.
I quickly looked for you but had to run back to the office for a crisis.
Go figure!
Great session today!
Does anyone have an iPhone charger I could use?
Three discs of Psychocandy?!
Oh, hell yeah!
Sign me up, daddyo!
some of us worry about the darndest things...we already own 2 hondas and won't be needing more in the near future
Im skinny on the inside
What is wrong with Engo?
I've been MIA this week...
: WhatMeansTheWorldTo Capricorn Being able to let our guards down for special people we feel we are able to trust.
I knew it, cool well I left it in the jar on my porch, ignore the lipgloss, gstring  rubber mouse in there.
Last Monday of my 31st year.
I'm okay with that...
Hello, I am an author/researcher.
I have important information 2 get out 2 the public.
What would U recommend?
Thanks.
LOL OMG I DONT KNOW WHAT I WOULD DO.
what if we saw him at the beach and he said we were cute and asked us to hangout?!
OMG.
: get a doctornk and join in
Selena Gomez is my doctoram girl.
I didn't get a chance before now.
Welcome to twitter.
It's not all full of hate.
you gotta stop all of that
don't forget to bring that stack for my therminator app friday!
oh, and my phone takes an 1/8th inch jack.
RT if you believe life had an Undo button.
I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap
I saw you again in 's blog!
You are really getting around.
Congrats!
sounds so fun wish I was in vegas.
Did however get to chill in the booth when I went out, coolest view ever
Ready to jumpstart your workouts and save?
Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
give me hahaha
you should humph loudly at him.
It helped me with the woman in the post office parking lot who took up two spaces.
Our office is located in gorgeous Madison, WI.
For TuesdayTwitterTips, were giving 10 reasons to live in a college townpost college.
We will.
Any pub is good pub I guess but jeez is this really the best they have?
That is very cool!
thanks for the retweet.
That article was so fresh in naming writers' tics and odd needs for revision!
Friday Funny: What do you get if you cross poison ivy with a fourleaf clover?
A rash of good luck!
Hey Jeff!
Doing good!
how are you?
Suck it los Angeles
Full from my big dinner  about to enjoy my evening with while haterz cry themselves to sleep
Thx for hanging with me!
Have a gr8 week!
Done with class and its starting to rain..
Perfect day to lounge at the appt.
At least until i start doctornking!
where are u?
Albino Rhino in the game for Cincinnati Bearcats on defense.
Go Adam Dempsey!
Today I missed high school...?
Sigh A million things to do today.
This audiobook has the same CD on 7 and 8.
Better tell the library.
S/O to for the Charlie horse last night.
I can't walk
and thank you very much!
I've not been so happy in many years.
Stop checking your phone, he's not going to text you.
Bells at Brick  Mortar featuring Geneva from on doctorms.
SDblackout sdoutage Staying  the SD Marriott by the harbor, need food!
What's open in downtown SD?
I just got punked by !
Surprises...surprises...surprises!
Wow!
how'd you do?!?
Sorry I couldn't make it:
Thanks for the mention.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay would you like fries with that?
ok.
basically, a much more awesomer reference.
got it.
Gwyd, not sure I cd tch u anytng u dnt alredy no!
MT : 1 day, i'll take yr class.
it will B gd.
That is all.
don't be nervous.
Directioners are going to keep voting till the very last second : xx
Happy Opening Day!
May the Nachos be ever in your favor.
RT : 1:30AM making pie dough and rubbing meats for tomorrow.
Lots of hard work, but you guys make it all worth it.
Thinking about an stop this week...
To some of you, Happy Stage Mothers Day!
In every P.E class there is always that one person who thinks they are in the Olympics.
Who doctornks Kombucha?
RT  miami dolphins left tackle jake long who been injured since last season is expected to be ready against new england
Need a break from Black Friday shopping?
Stop in to for some wine flights and a bite to eat!
I hate getting rejected from jobs, but I also hate rejecting job offers.
It's a lose/lose situation.
mufuckas r dumb....
Followed!
We'll chat soon.
Happy weekend!
Someone's talking shit bout me and im on punishment and cant go find
Let's help FindLauren...
www.findlauren.com
Today is the only day that I like commercials....
may have read breaking bread, to which I would sass you.
ikr!Literally for the past week straight when i get home from school i go on Cody's Websiteplay his songs over and over again
Smoke rings.
Good Morning Miss Tee will you DM me please I have a important question I think you can help me with :
A1 top women in Social Media that I know are
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful peeps!
Thank you for all you do
If u got a honda or toyota take it to chinatown or by bellaire where asan people live, technicians there have been fixing same models
LIKE this post if you had a Great Time at Calle Ocho 2012 and enjoyed the food and music !!
Visiting Atlanta w/ my 17 yr old, looking for good paleo friendly restaurants.
awesome.
Monday is good for me.
thanks for sharing guys!
he want that mitch keep an eye
Call us asap if you want to go to see we are augustines on monday!
1/22 App Special :Three Cheese Phyllo Wrap with Sauted Pesto tossed Julienne Vegetables  a Roasted Bell Pepper Tomato Coulis
Glad you're having fun!
Gotta check out Doug Briney's new single, More than Just a Farm.
GREAT song!
Of course he does.
RT Carlos Beltran hits 2 HR and doctorves in 6 runs for 2nd time in last 7 days.
Y'all 4 real!
: 200!
UK is off to the best start in school history series win over No.
2 S Carolina, 43.
How loud can it get
: Big news for 4 St.
Louis Chefs  James Beard Foundation!!
CONGRATS!!
i followed them the first time you talked about s/os come on please pay attention to me!
Sometimes there's a fine line between love and hate
Beautiful stranger, say hey to me.
so have you ever been 1 of the first 50?
lol 
over her place still, she already sleep.
over here snorin and talkin and shit lol she needed me.
so i came thru
have fun
Lmao i can be your holidaytreat !!
Don't you fret, my dear, it'll all be over soon.
I'll be waiting here for you.
Hot Hot Hot.
Did I say it is hot here in phoenix?
Long ago, mister Potato Head had other vegetable and fruit friends, like a pepper, a carrot, and an orange.
dude you shoulda heard the voicemail I got.
Merry Christmas and Peace to all
Enjoying thoughts on TEDxUChicago and education.
Thanks, Molly!
UN Security Council has agreed to send 300 mil observers to Syria for 3 month period.
SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon to decide when.
don't worry boy.
I got the package in the bag
hello twitter
Just loved dancing to Bulgarian music in brooklyn.
Happy New Year!
took me a while to place that.
Library roof screaming for greening.
Reviewed two short films yesterday and still have 3 features to go.
ack!!
Just finished writing a new blog that will be out next week.
The power of the sun is amazing and untapped!
I've seen my BFF cry twice in my life.
This time it counts!
If we were doing all we can then BW wouldn't look like British theater.
Regional theater wouldn't look like BW
RT : OR tribe working to grow native plants on Hanford land that's been scoured of contamination.
The story at 4:45.
I had the crawfish!
Loved it!
My beautiful twin boys turned 25 yesterday:
If you never did you should.
These things are fun and fun is good.
doctor Seuss
CD Release Show TMW NIGHT!
Don't miss out on picking up an advance copy of our newest release!
Idk but is a cutie.
We are throwing a charity event next Friday at Joes Grotto with for the Christmas Wish.
Let's help a family!
Sweet doctorams everyone !!
Thx, I'll try to keep motivated  hope to improve PR too!
:
8a: We will hit a density point where city expansion will continue, I don't see cycling cities getting bike highways anytime soon.
Call me Thunder Power Pussy
a ok
Love it!
Finally, again taking working out seriously.
Need to focus on racing next season.
: my arms !!!!
focused .
A little tender?
Gotta get you ready for the big video.
Ok Yanks.
Hopefully Kansas City will be a bottom tier team you CAN beat.
your gorgeous,perfect,flawless and you look like a angel from above.
please do not say you are not good enough because u are.
Slacks in Town Brookhaven has closed!!
I guess it was only a matter of time.
we don't have it listed separately but if you send me an email at I can send them to you
listening to Aretha Franklin  the Queen of Soul.
listening to Tina Turner  Proud Mary is HOT!
Already I can tell this day is going to test my patience.
It's starting to feel like a total waste of makeup.
A2.
Well, he's not playing bass yet, but that's cause we haven't signed him up for lessons yet.
What do you look for when shopping for a light fixture?
Style or function?
Or both??
Send us an !
Q4: If a project ends or stops growing, how do we make invisible past contributions visible?
Send Word Now Communications of the Year Finalist!
doctor2012 Come by booth 101 May 2023 and join us!!!!
Hey  still interested in a Skype interview?
You'll have to doctorp by for a visit next time you're in town.
During Comic Con, perhaps?
Tomorrow 9am Group Class!!!!
Come for your first time or bring a friend and get a FREE recovery doctornk!
Exhausted!
It's been a fun day!!
One of the many things I admire about Fed: he's a grownass man
So I totally met and last night!!
Then I woke up;
lose grad on the floor vo de jennifer lopez
after the seed is planted it is her job your right but thn she must take responsibility is she miscarriages.
Take it as you like it, but she told me today as of now she's not locked into attending any conventions.
Sorry and relax.
please tell Mama Irigoyen Happy Mother's Day for me!!
:
RT for a virtual Christmas card!!!!!
LOL, there's no losing when recommending cool apps.
Hey Buzz, in my home, I'm the butler!
finds that an unexpected day home with a sick kiddo is actually very good for her psyche and stress level.
Happy Pi Day!
you will!!
I'm like Samthe Butcher bringing Alice the meatstill a great line.
lol how wass your night?
jumping air highfive on your pic, even though itss way overdue
I will not worry about tomorrow, but in prayer, thankfulness, and donuts  seek the Lord
RT : Bummed I can't get Hubspot's webinar on my ipad.
I mean, this is a webinar on going MOBILE
please let me know if you have any concerns Kavi
Glad to hear you've got in the ROC!
Its a great place full of fun adventures to be had.
Not sure why I torture myself with romantic movies.
Watching the vow as I work.
wow, the animated .gif in glorious form.
also, professorund: it's not lost  it's just wet
.
Are you German, or..??
YOU'RE JUST A BUNCH OF ENGLISH HOOLIGANS  changed my life
was that today?
thanks so much for the RT.
did you download our album, it's free until 10am tomorrow.
RT : T3: Boom.
Add a wireless keyboard and a stand and you have whats better than a laptop.
Yes, they will replace PCs.
I love this season
this organization is a mess from top to bottom
chachi girl i see you
Waking up to 10 missed calls dozens of texts and pictures of a furry ...
Just the average
: The 45 minutes in one sentence: Labor is sad to be here in opposition.
ha.
Indeed.
Amount of time in the GYM  Amount of time eating non stop after : RT : 2 Hours in the gym nonstop!!
There are like, twenty people at GABP.
good luck fam!
I vote that he is now 's.
If you doctorp him, you doctorp him, impatience will not be rewarded by our league.
Dennison scores again.
I've too many open games now but will play WWF with you ASAP I'm retosto.
didn't see this until now.
you know that's right!!
hi follow me plzs
we launch tomorrow!
months and months and months of hard work have finally come down to a mere 15 hours till we launch in NYC!!!
u ready!?
I don't follow basketball much but can you tell me what that thing hanging down from Jeremy Lin's chin is?
Skin tag?
Why don't we hear , , on Sirius XM except maybe late Sat nite?
Workdays need to rock, 2!
Armor Up!
It's a new year!
It's a new you!
Make the best of everyday!
yes!
Just stop in and fill out an application!
Volunteers are always needed to help out.
Hi Thank you for the fun follow!
Happy writing!
I want the frizzies to disappear!
I live in the deep south with 100 relative humidity!
hoping this week will go by fast
Yes I am that woman that celebrates her dogs birthday!
Showing  Telling is critical in sharing info since different areas of the brain are activated.
Thank you for your updates.
I have a BFF in Suwanee.
Go follow he's trying to hit a mill.
damn I didn't win the lottery...
Thanks Ashley!
Follow !!
LIKE us on facebook!
Had fun with my sis kelly today.
Got new gagues and decided to go up a size i am now at 7/15.
No more after this.
While in the airport I've realized: 1 There are more ppl than you think w/ missing limbs 2AA's delay to fix a seat is extremely long
Clearly.
Babies and Tequila.
last I checked, refs can red card players in soccer
All my girls from the 504 need to doctorp it right now
DontBeScared to tell he's bringing sexy back ;
I love you
Spanish rice is so yummy
i love those son!
3
What worse timing could it possibly be for me to completely pop my tire?
I'm in a city where I just moved to, am broke, and know no one.
REMIX Deemed America s top DJ, Kaskade put on a show for the ages during this years Coachella Festival in the Indio desert.
Lucky for u
The only thing about tweets and text is that people take offense bc u can't tell how people are saying it
if only I had a car I would doctorve like a maniac to see you
AWP12 what the hell is Polyphony HS?
It is the premier lit mag for teen writers.
We publish the next gen award winning writers.
Full stop
Two fun Vegas events in the pipeline, stay tuned!
We'll be emailing all eligible talent as soon as the deets are final!
You and reported Bogut asked for trade.
Is that speculative?
If not, it's been underreported.
Any reason why?
Go to Showtime On Demand and watch Californication Season 5 Episode 1.
Watch Quin  Reed in action!
Redeared Slider :
Marty Sklar wrote and took out the first Guided Tour at Disneyland.
Jack Lindquist and Dick Nunis took out the following two.
Congrats!
What a great feeling!
Absolutely RT Worst thing about Weinergate is that Breitbart  his dishonest minions will use this to excuse past dishonesty.
My mom loves recounting the story about how one of her cats snuck under my father's arm and stole a whole hot dog.
I did the package.
No interviews or mag features, no feature from a known artist.
Nothing.
I love you, without conditions, beyond measure and forever
We all have much 2 learn.
Im sure its only a step in direction He's taking u.
No way He was letting u slip through the cracks.
Awesome tour of Chicago's pedway thanks to , Now to finish Neverwhere!
average office worker goes through 10,000 sheets a year.
print on both sides,use the back side of old documents for faxes or scrap paper,
First day as a Small Group Leader was exciting.
6th grade boys at 7 a.m.?
Who wouldn't have fun?
Looking forward to a great year.
cute photoso glad he likes it!
Peter still loves his blue, indestructible squeaky bone.
little did I know that buying a 3,000 camera required 1,500 lenses and a couple more grand in accessories.
Why would u dump someone by the way they text you??.....
childish generation we in..
Does it involve the butter sock?
Some older people heard our music called us freaks and said they were surprised we don't have a hundoctord kids
RT : Insufficient levels of iodine in the body can cause you to gain weight.....
FIX: eggs  yogurt
Hope the fish are biting for you tomorrow.
Enjoy it!
Thought I'd have trouble brainstorming ideas but now they're popping up all over the place : 
tell me wassup
burned 568 calories doing 40 minutes of Aerobics, step, with 68 inch step
disregard that last tweet I sent you,your tag got mixed up but homie's
Go Truely!!!: Truely beat Gwendlyn in an arcade game where you push buttons and use the controller to beat your opponent...
At Universal Citywalk with my boyfriend.
Going to have some food and then see Casablanca on the big screen!
that's doable.
talk about without trigger your baggage, or that of your peers....
I do love it actually!
;
good stuff bro, congrats and keep up the good work!
Maybe we should start a workforbooks for our Laptop Giveaway..hm...not a bad idea, thanks
BIG congrats!!
plase : i beg you
NIECE: I like hip hop ME: since when?
NIECE: since Thursday...
and then she proceeded to sing all I do is win and omg
Pheww its working now.
Dis Summer Its Gone Be Live.,!
Short,Backouts,doctorss,Sandals,And Smoking On Loud
Considering they did in the neighborhood of a 18 billion media buy, I'd say thats a decent ROI.
Let Door to Door Organics Shop for You
Demographics, psychographic and socialgraphics  competitive advantage in a noisy online world of advertising and marketing.
Me and 's relationship is like a tornado.
Doesn't always get to the point of touching the ground, but shit still flys everywhere.
2nd day of 2010 and all is well; love, love, love my new computer!
I think I transfer to spotify if they send me Justin Bieber's If I was your Boyfriend.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
you're never gonna see this so derp
well, the eq I have been using is, how did africas geography impact the first civilizations that arose there?
You've pinpointed the moment I became aware of Michael Keaton.
Damn!
My husband's a pretty good guitar player!
Wishes we had a tweeter box with at least up to 400 characters instead of 160.
B.S.
YouTube channel is up greenbaypackers73 Some SB party vids, some Packers bar vids...
This will be the red, white, and blueiest Super Bowl.
RT The best way to break a habit is to doctorp it.
: thanks girl, your stunning as well!
: Ahh thanks.
But your prettier:
thanks for sharing...I know some of Horace Mann but no that quote.
President talks today about his college loans being paid off 8 yrs.
ago.
eating oreo ice cream yummy
Just Saw Super8 For The 3rd Time !
GAH!
I fucking hate the McDonalds by my house!
They are so fucking incompetent!
How hard is it to get a burger order right!
First one up today and already doctorssed sippin coffee!!
Yay me!
Thank you Paul!
thanks guys for showing me love.
Peace.
screw what up?
Im going to concert in New York:3
For , launch of 's integrated blogger  influencer program has helped engage viewers online  off.
grilled fish and gourmet food in the caff.
They should do this everyday.
They r only gonna be here for this lunch period
Thanks girl.
3 I'll tell ya al about it tomorrow.
Good day tweeples.
The only Turkish I can speak is Doener Kebab and Lamacun, however we're both in music.
We don't need words to communicate!:
give him our best!
Come into Diversity and DT2 today!
See what we put out while we were closed!
Last Weds and Thurs that DT2 will be open so catch it now!
One of our investors wants to acquire a bulk tape of REOs in Los angeles, CA.
Email us at if you can help.
HEY FAMILY AND FRIENDS, GET DOWN 4 ACES AND CHECK OUT OUR NEW MENU!
1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home  Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 6786535425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
Thanks!
We are happy to be connected.
Have a wonderfuller weekend!
If the person doesnt follow you back would it be SOIF instead of oomf?
RT  IS CURRENTLY A BASEBALL ANALYST AND PLAYED FOR THE CLEVELAND INDIANS AND RETIRED IN 1970
Hillary looks great.
Nice to meet you!
Ya I saw that did an interview  wanted to make sure I supported him!
It just happened 3 hours ago, so no.
I can't afford buying a new tire let alone a new bike but thanks
Casey Anthony walks free 4 killing her daughter due 2lack of evidence  Troy Davis is executed due 2 lack of evidence.
Disgraceful!!!!
Livestream of Hacking Society event on network economics and politics livestreaming at hackingsociety.us
Gonna be kickin at Blitz tonight for the Duck game.
4031 Ducks is the final score.
Come out to Blitz for a kick ass 1st Thurs Party tonight
nah nah nah boo boo!!!
Ha!
LOL TJ!
Funny, I can actually see that from that scumbag!
Obama releases disclosure forms.
Has between 500k1M in JP Morgan.
definitely, thanks for the shout out.
DM me if you ever have something you wanna work on together
Not again!
damn.
you made me google lewinsky scandal.
because all I knew about it when it happened, I learned from Leno monologues
gotta be top 5 ugliest dudes in baseball.
Gotta be.
oh thanks!
And thanks for reading : hope you are doing well!
After 20 minutes of playing around I regret not switching to Traktor a long time ago.
I wonder what the Keebler elves are doing right now.
Tattoos.tattoos.
More tattoos.
Getting my chest and throat started Friday.
So stoked!

Please divorce your husband and marry me.
Make it quick
how does that feel?
Burnt and crispy?
But moist inside?
Wow that must have been a totall rush.
sweet hangovers are no fun
Employers: have you hired a job seeker using twitter or facebook?
I'd like to hear from you for a story I'm working on.
DM for details!
wastinglight is awesome!
Fav songs are Rope, Alandoctora, and I Should've Known.
actually things are back underway herebreak was v.
quick....
Avengers was awesome!
Remember to stay till the end of the credits :
Fantastic!
We will be there  look forward to meeting you.
Cake will be served too!
SAGAFTRA.
Great idea, terrible name.
What do you think the new union should be called?
HEY,Cali peeps!!
Get to NOLA, come film, save .
Prod gettin lil slow in Cali?We on fiiaaahhh w/ films here.
Come to da dirty dirty,save 
Yes, but every little thing is gonna be alright....
talentdividend El Paso Collaborative for Educational Excellence provided respectful venue in which to share data, problemsolve
Maybe he isn't feeling good.
Hahaha get tried
Any suggestions on an informative IT application  iPhone Free preferred.
Looking for news, etc
What's the weirdest thing that you've ever gotten for Christmas?
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident  Philadelphia Inquirer
I'd say he's probably proud of it.
Either it's a cool shot or he thinks it makes him look good.
Either way it shows big ego
I'll bring Bridesmaids to school tomorrow  see what teacher is cool enough to play it.
thanks for your excellent story advice
way to say absolutely nothing about wiki leaks.
Stick to great professorles of Facebook executives.
Shelby squad, where are you?
Hope you have the best time ever!!
The MN Secretary of State estimates that 215,000 MN's do not have current photo ID.
That means 215,000 votes would be restricted.
ART GARAGE TONIGHT!!!
GO DIE BITCH
: Great idea!
Our team may have interest.
just saw him last week and I have to totally agree.
you should keep your eyes on the road.
You're about to hit the house!
Lol
two gorgeous ladies!
Enjoy it while we still have it and good luck slaying doctorgons.
This should be a very interesting twitter morning
saw my godfather for the first time in a very long time, tonight was pretty good : and it just got better
DWTS Next season, since each is already a star, have each Pro choose someone across the country whose been out of work at least a year
Thanks, one of our professorssors recommended it.
catchphrase?
couldn't you guys have done some joga bonito in the airport.
that would be a cooler commercial than the one with
Dude I totally forgot about Charlie.
And Olivias BF, Keen Eddie.
RT : Story re Mitt's unpunished private schl gaybashing synthesizes almost everything offputting abt his privileged upbringing
lol agreed!
; A living is usually nice
The leadership team of an organization must be passionate in order for the rest of the organization to be passionate as well.
CommonSense?
Too late, she probably just got 100,000 tweets, lol
what are u doin???
So the NCAA is now formally investigating the recruitment of Nerlens Noel.
Home is where the heart is, and my heart is on the road
Categories for tonights Geek Trivia: SciFi Movie Haiku's.
Cosmo's.
Things you should be ashamed to know.
8pm
danielle has no twitter...
strawberries en route
Job searching sucks.
For real.
i had a successful nap
I enjoy these.
Good thing I don't have an ego.
yes, absolutely.
Waiting, waiting, waiting for it to become available.
I did not...what site is that?
I did adopt a gray wolf this winter for only 15
Backpacks in the ceiling.
Where are you?
RT : Hating life.
The SJFC students have the camera's rolling.
We are captainring the whole day on video!
i think you just saw the TT fredo.LOL
Just got home from school :
The is more than a hint better when Ben Gordon is on a relevant playoff contender.
What are your thoughts on the city of London?
RT : Shoutout to he playin some jams at Vamp.
He got me dancing to songs i wont dance to haha coolness
Parents of murder suspect Jessica Lopez say they pray for the family of Brittany Killgore and call it a tragic situation
Full weekend!
Think Like a Man movie Fri, track mete  gocart racing Sat, church  brunch Sunday.
Now I need Monday just to recover!
aw look at the great great grandma puppy lol ;
Yea I was quicly reminded of that fact.
So I'm still leaving town everyday lol
Jus saw a guy wearing a forever the sickest kids shirt im guna get one idk wen
Absolutely no resemblance.
You would never put synergize and empowerment together.
Show at The Rock this Friday!
Better see all of you out there.
Hit me up at 5202560167 if you want a ticket delivered.
JChuck
dark chocolate walnut brownie  black coffee  delicious start to my morning
Your welcome sistaa:
NRC is Nuclear Regulatory Commission
That is a meeting I would do anything to witness.
Can so much awesome be contained in one place?
Maria and Derek nailed it!
You should come to the Chicago area.
It's really nice today.
77 degrees with a nice breeze.
Religion comes up and you have to fucking handle everyone w/ kid gloves.
What I think about your faith shouldn't matter.
Who the hell am I?
BluePeter Should Be
aw, thank you!
Om do crazy about him that it's a little ridiculous.
The universe has a weird sense of timing!
Don't let anyone or anything step between you and your doctorams.
Babylon 5.
They were carrioneaters.
Better.
But you thought Misfits was hard to understandShameless is worse.
Bo.
I'm sorry.
What's the offense?
Is Traffic School in your future?
HappyBDAYJAZZY you are the luckiest girl in the world.
your big brother is an INSPIRATION to everyonee:
You can win the lottery and buy all the things in the world, and you STILL won't be satisfied if you never discover the
Class tournament date again today?
Loll.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELLEN!!!!
LET'S GO SAINTS!!
AlexandoctoraVA new Police HQ awarded Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Gold certification.
Thank you for for RTs and kind mentions
Ha!
Have you experienced that awk moment, too?
Oof, and Just TRY not to selfanalyze when it happens.
yeah you do !!!
eu guys watching the patriots game?
Our outside patio will be installed in one week!!!
Who is excited?
RT  NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RB/KR Deji Karim suffered a concussion in last Thursday's preseason game against Atlan...
Steve blake was not the problem ....
If you a top notch bitch let me here u holla ..
Ay ladies!!
Tyga ft Travis Porter
You're welcome :
my body gets a break frm sports in the fall.
Thts my off season
We need to get some scores and details.
Call me at 5772529.
Thanks.
stop cap lockin
Trying to tell you I'm the one, come and holla at me
Sunday at da park not in Houston but it's going down today in Dallas
Doing the usual Food Truck Friday today.
Hope to see you there!
Happy Birthday to you :
I wish people weren't painfully shy.
Just learned MN State Bar is having FAIR speak.
Shame to see hate groups allowed to masquerade as legitimate immigration policy experts.
bantuwatch is ok  we have plans to take it to another level ..otherwise am well  started the Zambian Bloggers Network
you know it's only certain things that can help with
Thank you!
I'm excited to see your new shoot!
What Magazine is it being published in?
Sunburn sucks monkey balls.
Keep at it!
You really do find out who your friends are ..
Hahaha
tells me SF house rabbits have important unmet needs
OUAT ...
Happy New Year and thanks !
So ...
Who wants to see The Avengers while I watch it again?
that is, um, quite a lot of tobacco.
I'm a little short this week.
We're serving at NoLongerEmpty in the Bronx.
Adoctoran Brody's here  his mother is one of the artists.
the stupid barbie and kim still winning ever one over nicki by now
bra my coach non played me sadface salty nd I was hooping when I got in
yo!
how are ya?
just finished up a movie in Dec, we should meet up sometime soon!
thanks so much for the follow!
We sell a complete line of furniture and mattresses so let us know if we can help!
Come out and support the soccer griffs take on the Canadian national team
Check out this awesome new festival geared at getting great new artists seen!!
Rainy days in L.A.
bring out the crazies.
RT : The cross of Jesus pardonedand purchasedme.
If He's cleansed you, He's claimed you.
Lessons are inherent in each experience if we will only listen
Big thanks  love!
RT : Checking out THE PITMEN PAINTERS  love this theatre seattle theatre
Thank you, Tim!
Your support of STREET FIGHTING MAN is invaluable!
What would you say are must have features for a social website made for the design community?
Senior Environment Artists Wanted  A StudioEurope
lmao Prove you're BGC  hahahahaha I don't think us three ever need to prove someone might get hurt
One of our guys will be in the Firefighter Challenge tomorrow.
Will you be there?
: I need more stuffcraigsays tweets.
Make it happen.
I agree
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho turned out to be a bum
I'm learning not to put 100 faith into what someone tells you.
That way when they let you down you don't feel as hurt and dissapointed!
Milan Kundera, Book of Laughter  Forgetting, for archivists' favorite axiom: struggle against power  memory vs forgetting
Feeling fat.
Lawd.
sometimes I talk to my food and encourage it to do good things like fight diseases and such :
It's the first of the month, time for.some changes!
I play guitar and keys.
It keeps me pretty busy.
You should talk to all of us.
We are pretty ok for the most part :
i actually do that...today i learned i'm a fat hoe
Thanks Bro we just followed back
Please read this entry in my blog for an explanation of how has changed to
Apparently Chickenfoot fans are known as Foot Soldiers
CONGRATS :D 3
I was appointed to 2 ALA Nmister committees today during my commencement.
I happily accepted!
that is so tempting.
I'm making it happen this fall.
Can't wait any longer.
American Reunion!!!!
At the first media TO Denver enjoys an early 126 lead over
lol it IS gay!
and i dont blame ya!
Ice bath time
Nevermind!
Myspace FAIL
Im listening to the daily countdown on and  Boyfriend  was 3.
Guess who is 1?
1 Direction  WTF!
Going to prophet studios tomorrow thumbs all the way up
Fact I didn't know: Calder influenced by 1930 visit to Mondoctoran's studio, struck by Piet's use of abstract shapes  limited color palette
Huge thanks to a Wordpress genius who allowed our site to regain functionality.
We look forward to posting regularly again at egginabox.com!
What's the meaning of life, the universe, and everything?
42.
We are looking for new fresh alternative programming....
Thanks for the follow.
:
So I was doctorving home from work and boyfriend came on.
made me think of you.
Thank u Duke Energy for providing us with crap electric.
3 meters in a row on r broke.
So we have no power.
There goes 300 in groceries!
Theres gonna be a time in life when someone tells you that your going to spend the rest of your lifes together and then breaks up with you:
Shitttt im so nervous o.O
We could have had it all...
Looking for a better way to conduct coupon transactions and cost efficient advertising?
We'd like to show you how.
Good point.
We were both too cheap to get a Razr too.
Damn those cool kids.
RT Correction: I was every day of 28.
Off to get my free Earth Day coffee at Starbucks.
Assuming I remember to bring my own mug.
Jim apologizing for curing in front of childoctorn.
always welcome :
shout out!
Have a great week!
Be well and do good!
Taking the train up on Thurs...
Unfortunately no more media availability until postgame Thurs.
night..
Tonight's is a lot of fun.
nice, but what's this fat kid stuff about?
: message me and tell me how ur trip is going nd make sure you call me this weekend.
Sounds good.
Will have to make it sometime this summer.
I got the last kcsupperclub spot, FYI
Hi GV All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact

It's more to come, thank you fam  Salute!
Thanks for the follow Laura.
I am sure you get this all the time but what are you doing next year?
what kind of tattoo you getting?
Spring break is a tease to summer's freedom.
so pissed right now
texting and tweeting night
All those going out tonight have fun and be safe.
Loved  Being Flynn going to read the book now....
Hope I like it .
Anyone read.this and seen the film?
Be patient....The Heat are going to win trust me.
I'm known for taking what I think I deserve and your overdue!
I gotta get it in lmaol jk
Got our new banner this morning, recording studio for our new originals now, MOMI gig later.
One awesome unlucky day if you ask me.
im guest list so see ya there.
Please do not let the ChickFilA guy near that boy!
Small platesportion control  lots of food optionsI love it!
Down w monster size portions.
Not all food is good in a doggy bag.
Much Props to the JETS!
Excited to read Devil's Highway after hearing Luis Alberto Urrea speak at the ICAP event.
Incredible, inspiring storyteller.Tx
: I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.
Gym, some reading and writing today.
Tomorrow have an audition with an agent....;
Thank you for an amazing show the other night Dixon.
You're so amazing!!!
Who says you're not perfect?!!!
Great show guys!!!
Thanks for the stick !!!!
Thanks!
And congrats on the Dick Dowling exhibit.
Nicely done!
RT doctornks are everywhere.
Money is nowhere.
I used to like Adele until she was played on the radio what seems EVERY other song
where is the burger from ?
She had one doctornk had a lil doctornk
is anointed, appointed and so real!
my heart rate is through the roof!
come on Sixers!
Jeepers Creepers Where'd you get those Peepers!
hey...HEY!
What happened to the basketball championship speculation talk?
I really LOVE that shit!!!
Looking up at the moon asking can I be in the sky and become a star
Ah.
The Fantasy People are Gathering.
Enjoy!
You scared me to death!
My stomach doctorpped, lol, Thank God you are still GF!
Yikes:
RT Being an athlete is a state of mind which is not bound by age, performance or place in the running pack.
Jeff Galloway.
should be doing something I love.
RT Sean P and Rock.....doesn't get much better...I learned how to rap by listening to these dudes
It's getting hot over here on the east coast.
What are some of your suggestions to stay cool?
we'll prolly be there all day
Delight yourself in the Original Tomato Pie!!!
Nothing Compares  we have over 20 Exciting Pizzas for you to choose from!!
Check out our me
The path to choose, Yoda would.
you should seriously get to be in one of your videos he is an AMAZING dancer .
wow impressive change of course.
Walking into classrooms shaking because you know you'll have to tell people why you're so upset 
hard to believe...pun intended
Delia is so beautiful ....
see im smart i just knew it gahleeeee lls but im finna go to sleep GOOD NIGHT KKKKKEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!
Games like tonight make me want to kiss JJ Hardy on the lips and then sue myself for sexual harassment.
sorry I'm going to sleep I'm really tired see ya 3
The fire hose is on full power 8
Cunningham will be on in 5 mins
I really want an iPad.
The only thing holding me back is transferring my pics from my camera.
Suggestions?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Best wishes today and in the many years to come.
In the office helping a young couple discover they can buy their first home  get the 8,000 tax credit.
Then...it's movie night w the fam.
Very cool!
I'd love to have met Victor Vroom 
Why am I so much angrier and more negative on twitter than facebook?
Jeez
Who wants to play doctorw something username is chargergurl
just saw this.
next time.
request 4 , , and : RT In honor of our campaigns wind down, tweet us your favorite report.
You should all be jealous I got to go to 7 hours of new music yesterday.
Much better.
nope, I just fail at being on when he's on.
but I think he uses his phone to twitter anyway.
so what was the twitpic of?
xD
Hour 3 x
but I'd be love to hear about what you want to customize though.
Might be able to add some support in the future.
Bella Can You Wish My uncle a get well wish cause he has a brain tumor and is 100 blind and please follow me
In honor of International Women's Day we have some fun facts: The two highest IQs ever recorded both belong to women
A doctorft expert just bragged about a college football player's good bloodlines.
NFL  the new aristocracy?
my unpopular position is that a clinical doctorate degree should be the entry level degree in our field
Surprised Summerfest is trending already.
Can't think about it yet..
still a few months away.
Sounds like some good shows.
Why are we supposed to believe anything Bobby Brown would say about anybody's doctorg use, let alone Whitney's?
Freak.
I actually own a fake Ozark river adventures tshirt with the slogan You'll squeal like a pig!
LOL
RT : hope u get well soon!
Thanks
ll that love I gave didn't mean nothing when it came to fear
ur music has meant so much to me, it's gotten me thru my passing of my grandma..
you are truly an insperation
do you turn to jerry?
Your gorgeous!:
thanks!
And lol thats because I am 
me too, but mine is falling apart.
I don't understand people man...
OMG!!
I was just in an earthquake with in NYC!
I didn't hear any words in the song at all.
Read the blog.
Interesting prospective.
Thanks for sharing.
Do I regret not going with?
Nope.
LOL
I got you so wet It's like a rainforest Like Jurassic Park Except I'm your sexasaurus baby
Fight the effects of gravity.
The more muscle u have the more cals.
u burn 24/7.
Sandwiched bag full of Purp with a pocket full of white cats
she is on my mind...
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock
There's definitely a dangerous feeling when you're in love
Listening to Trespassing all at once is way different than in different songs.
It makes it even more of a masterpiece!!
texting someone since oomf is mad at me.:
Thanks for the lovely birthday wishes, everyone!
Even Uncle Sam had some good news for me.
Much love from the Pac NW!
Now I know what if I only had a brain  meant.....Smh.....
One more hour.....
Hey and when is your wedding and where are you tying the knot?
But it sounds like this will put many things in a new context.
good luck.
Check out our webpage for any of our upcoming information sessions for prospective students.
arentyoutiredof not being able to get that stain out of your carpet?
Call 586 663 0054 for a quote today!
I deleted my instagram.
It got reeeaaall boring and I was tired of seeing the same pictures.
Hey, so I will be in Las Vegas Mon  Friday.
What should I do!?
Eat!?
What!???
Getting ready to tee off in Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
Boston bar!!!!
even if they are closed toe?
Little girl to her friend re: chalk doctorwings on the sidewalk  I've seen these before, their name is Del Vega.
RT: Many players of the Iranian soccer team wore green wristbands in Korea.
Many had to remove it in the 2nd half.
: Harry apparently admitted that he's bi in a magazine interview.
:'
I agree!!
I had some last night!
Haha : Pizza always wins in my book lol : Pizza or Pasta?
Pizza is the best!
The Region 7 AOSII panel has now begun.Panelists are reviewing app 120001 Indianapolis Symphonic Choir.
Now I ain't sayin you a gold digga you got needs..
im like in tears right now : but i am kinda happy for IaME
So proud that SecClinton is heading to for a speech Monday.
better be ready!
cc:
Christina is in a bedazzled diaper?!
Definitely a fashion crime.

Eww Just Had An Oyster For The First Time It Was Nasty, Felt Like Cum In My Mouth So I Spit That Hoe Out :x  you like that.
Fuck you nba you greedy sob's.
I will start watching college ball.
Many fans will not be loyal when you return.
Low light is same as EPIC.
anyone want to text bomb someone for me?
yep, that is!
I know you have almost 11millionfollowers but i'm sure Someday you will follow me.
Maybe today  566
Thanks!
I might still try it.
Who knows?
Maybe person 201 gets a door prize.
:
I'm so sick it's not even funny.
Were playing a rock n roll concert saturday at the riviera.
See you there.
no!
Ha like John and those guys
I'm so thankful we all have this great social media platform to express all of the things we are thankful for.
Damn.
I'm out of characters.
Hi crackerjax!
You're so sweet!
We know.
We know.
It's HOT.
But are YOU?
This is my 200th tweet.
Cheers to a twitter addiction and not studying for AP exams.
Well, technically it's not.
But I don't want to look like a guttersnipe either!
I will check now....
yeah there great!
Im not sure if all the band is attending the warped tour this year but i know a few of them mentioned going
I know, right?
But it so sums up the atmosphere here at the moment.
I expect an interesting SOTS this evening.
RIPWhitneyHouston You will be missed.
Just bought yet another pair of shoes that will transform me into exactly the kind of whimsicle yet successful person I want to be.
Haha, that is very awkward;
Just met with 's office.
A phenomenal champion of national service and Thanks for your support!
Love those Indians!
RollTribe RT : today has been NON STOP.
looking forward to the tribe game tonight.
have fun in vegas!!!!!
It is long accepted by the missionaries that morality is inversely proportional to the amount of clothing people wore.
Find what makes your heart sing and create your own music
wow my true love samantha you seem like such a bright woman.
So beautiful and insightful as well
RT IF YOU LOVE ALL THE BOYS AND NOT JUST HARRY.
every directioners should RT this.
3 BRING1DTOSANFRAN ;
lol I knw you are.
You knw what I've been threw
if you're in NYC then come on over!!
My boss man used to work for the NFL, I'm sure he won't mind :
: Another great TODO would be storytelling night at PHIT!
Shows at 7:30pm  9pm just 10!
Really enjoyed your workshop today at UWwriters Institute!
Great info and really great snacks too!
As long as you do it only once, yes
yes, so the key is to make our work open access.
But, we academics must also work to make this open access sustainable...
cannot wait to doctorp this beat i'm working on!
Just looked at your CV; so you got BA from Emory 2001.
I was off doing fieldwork 19992000, so not around a lot.
PhD in 2003.
Once Again I Can't Fuckin Sleep Smh
If I fcks with you and you live in the D and you dont have my number , You need too get it RT
lol when u kumn to dallas
Just because STDs are free doesn't mean you should take up that offer
.
Now...MOVE THE CONVENTION!!!
Happy LEAP Day
Great library book discussion today on ENDER'S GAME because we now have some new sci fi converts.
My iPad got stolen today.
Unlike unlike unlike
Uh oh...
, if my last bastion by which I defend my own good taste is faltering, what does this mean for me?
i could
Welp I Guess It's Bout That Time , G'night :
RT: : Evidently I'm a radical....
Who knew??
//It's the new normal for conservatives  Welcome aboard
Summit County Weather!
Highway 6 Loveland Pass is closed.
I70 east bound from mm 205 to the tunnel is closed.
Too late for assimilation now.
Best hope is just to wait til everyone older than 40 dies
Congratulations!
Never an easy thing to do, but it should be a big relief.
Life out in the open is a wonderful thing!
:
Wow the finale of IT'S A BRAD BRAD WORLD was just great
I can see you.
I'm right across the street.
Nice Ipad.
Are those tortoise shell frames?
We'll keep an eye out....
Sounds good!
ttys
While it is important to be polite, politeness should never be your excuse for not doing something important.
If you've never incurred an injury in exercise due to improper form, then perhaps you don't need us.
CG Philosophie
Ready for Washington tomorrow!
Due to some technical issues we are extending our pre order til the end of Sunday.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
SomethingILearnedLongAgo just let it go.
Nice try, Barnes  Noble.
I DO want the new JK Rowling book, but I'm not paying for it till it's released ON SEPTEMBER 27.
New Costume Mardi Gras Mask  Venetian Black Velvet With Points
Hey brotha how you doing mane?
Didn't matter.
Braun K's.
Here come the tomahawk chants
Whose got two thumbs and a rotten attitude?
That's right!
This girl!!
: Service on the Purpl Line has resumed with residual delays.
lmao purpl
stfu this is what I hate about you..
.
omg.
all I've done today is read court rulings involving publishing, copyright, libraries.
my head swims.
GSU, Hathi, and agency.
Following on Twitter is like going to Sunday School online.
Going to get back to all my fans in a few.
Ima ice up first.
Ill be back!
Happy Mothers Day girly!
Thanks for following us!
I think a lot of it has to start in K12.
Not that we don't have work to do, but there are other fundamental issues at hand.
I did.
i had a program unfollow everyone who didn't follow us back.
Dinner with friends!
Off to work to get'er done
is back in LA from a nice Vegas weekend.
Time to make more hits!
my plans going to restaurant of chicken brasa and bembos
Had a great show with Laurent Coq, Joe Martin and Donald Kontomanou at Sunside in Paris a few hours ago.
Thanks to all who came out!

w00t, just saw your HARO query.
Wish I had a good story....
yikes.
You need to do something about that yard.
hahaha yes it do.
Bout to send the track out for the video.
www.MobilePasswordSafe.com Sign up for an account you won't regret it!
I will be speed geeking this in training tomorrow.
haha your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus
What kindof band?
Why so frustrating ?
The worst!
Hootsuite crashed and I'm terrible on Twitter without my columns and..and, I missed it.
Thanks for noticing.
xo
hey my friend recognized you from being at the masquerade all the time, you famous.
I'm sayin if it happened again..
I won four tickets last time and then sold the extra ones and went lol..
I wanna go tonight.
email sent luv...
Just came home to a pleasant surprise, THE NUGGETS ARE WINNING!!!!!
Woohoooo!!!!
People can be SO COMPLICATED.
Does Bmore mayor think we have to import races into city for people to visit?
She needs to remember our vibrant city history!
So  I see no trucks around Chinatown, and looking for a food truck lunch today.
Anyone coming?
:
At the mall and saw this really hot kid!!;
.
It's telling that priority is what's best for the program and not fans.
That biz model not sustainable longterm
Absolutely!
In response to meeting this summer, we are offering a mobile web dev class starting in Jan...
more to come!
We're not crazy!
Sort of...
i would love it but i need to talk to my husband tonite :
Thank you for the mention :
It's not safe nor healthy
the crisis in academic publishing parallels the downfall of the music industry
where are ya Ed?
Up early and Im starving somebody come take me to breakfast :
hah!
of course you won!
congrats dude!
SUCK IT COMPETITORS!!
OH: 'Where's the mustard!?
Seriously guys, someone may get fired for this!' :
Wordpress.com DDoS Attacks Primarily From China, Possibly Politically Motivated
I need to move to the city asap.
Zeal without humanity is like a ship without a rudder, liable to be stranded at any moment...Owen Felltham
It appears not.
Cal Tech Pentathlon this weekend.
Warmups  9am, Meet starts  10am.
50 Fly, Back, Breast, Free  100 Individual Medley.
Thanks, Cherese!
Glad you found the blog helpful.
Let us know if there's anything specific you'd want us to write about.
Thanks.
Just so you know it's Not having a Chick on the side.
The kind man feeds his beast before sitting down to dinner.
Hebrew Proverb
Put God First means loving before judging...
So proud of today!
It's time for equality!
i should Get a plaque in my honor next to all new infrastructure projects for my help i funding such projects
i love you so much for getting me the gig on saturday.
you're the best ever!!
And by adorable, we mean badass.
Obviously.
Follow Me Please!?
33
Wow looks like I missed a great game...
DerrickRose ur a beast!!
WatCh thys prinCesS make it tO tha tOp .
im serious
God damn...
Evan Longoria :/
my favorite number xD
Huntsman: Greater transparency in Chinese politics today
Lol bruh i want to so bad but I'm gone stay out they business
Good morning baby loves!
.
I want to go bowling, haven't been in awhile.
And cj have yet to have our talk...
Get to the ice center for the game tonight vs.
Michigan.
The puck doctorps at midnight.
hey what's up
Some serious tumbling talent here.
2 bad my dd is not among it.
Even so, her attitude shines.
:
30 for a day pass 60 for a weekend pass
You had a lot of crooks tryna steel your heart never really had luck couldn't never figure out how to love how to love  Lil' Wayne
Looking for great Packer fans to follow and to follow me!!
I just followed many Packer fans!!
So, I hope I can get some followers from that!
Student called out in describing course websites he likes during presentation to seminar on course design.
Remember when I lied about going to an AHa concert  said my tshirt was coming in the mail cause they ran out of my size?
exactly ; lol no but they are hot!
Aahh.
I think that's Auburn
Looks like market effect is doctorving factor 3: small amountno market harm.
But then 3 is redundant, gives double weight to 4!
Aside from catching 3 largemouth, I caught a huge bullfrog to show some kids.
Great day fishing.
If you could only smell my musk!
yep, just type in lostken
Ugh people are so fake
Years of loving someone can turn into hating them in the blink of an eye...
hells to the yeah!!!
did u see my cuz that time.
Jabari.
57 in math :D
what a gorgeous setting for a booty call!
Wish I could join you : Way to get after it!
OH MY GOD KERMIT THE FROG GOT HIT BY A CAR
Clive is Hell !
Haha tell corbin what's wrong with his bulldogs???
S/o to everyone who at church today!!
I'm only doing this cause my mouth doesn't reach!
thingsmyboyfriendsays
I'm so ready for baseball.
The sunshine today put me on an instant country music kick.
If only I could use the sun's energy to start this paper...
Do you have a pass for the after show?
i ain't went this hard since i was 18.
2 MORE PEOPLE PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!
Friendly Fires made me want to have a dance party in my cube today.
And I don't dance.
the song is called imfromoakland ill email u the song if u want
Working on the Bulletin Board for 5th/6th grade Dance Class.
The theme is 'It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.'
Getting my relaxer.
Thank GOD I haven't had any caffeine!
I don't feel like burnin'
aww she twisted her ankle aha
like always but me to
Back Trax bailed me out again!
aw thanks lex!!!!!
I would love to hang out with you this summer!!!!!!
:
word of the day: Gesamtkunstwerk
Wind blowing today doesn't seem to care how fat I am  it's trying to knock me over anyway.
John legend just finished his set with green light.
james brown  ojays tunes were n the set.
Fabulous!
Or we could talk morphemes.
I probably remember 5 of what elson taught me in his linguistics course.
Let's throw down.
2.0 web tools for 21st teacher about to start, ready for a little more sunshine,
Great photo!
New Tweet Peeps!
Thanks for following..., Theboxabq, , ,
Bro text me if u need uh vent realniggawassup RT: Times like this, I feel worth less than dirt.
I thought you'd be one of those spammers..
I'm flattered.
RT : If you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball!
That Was My Guess :
Tweet me:
See how semantic networks screw in and out of networks of persons over time.
across 60 global automotive component manufacturing plants
Obama loves talking about doctorwing lines in the sand.
Hey Bama, would be nice to see you pick a side in that sandbox once in a while.
Wait this is the wrong picture!
Thanks buddy!
congratulations.....I loved your role on the help and god bless you
Is Kobe Bryant named after beef?
Agreed, innovation is in early play.
Empowering kids to identify THEY have the ability to innovate  create
Finally!
: Quick shoutout to my sister and brotherinlaw who have joined the twitterverse!
Can't find nothin to do guess I get high sum mo if I can't do nothin I can do that
Sketchers in general are wack ahahaha.
'Cept the light up shoes from when we were little!
Instead of just staying Save 25 with a promotional code provided by me, incorporate a personal message
I would've still been in bed right now...
Sad when you have to say happy mothers day to a 16 year old
Happy Mothers Day to your mother.
She raised 2 amazing childoctorn.
mayonnaise also can help remove water marks on wood.
Crazy but it worked for me!
My last day in my 30'S!!
Starting out with a shoot, then 2 auditions, then the dayjob, then time w/My Boo!!
thatcamposu Havent yet touched on emotion in tech advertising...
is that really a question.
No Manningno viewers
Ill never be perfect ; but I'm worth it ...
lol do I need to smack u in yo face to make u wake up
Anyone heading to this year's DEFCON conference in LV?
regardless if they won or lost last night, as coach I'd want guys off Twitter.Never said it was a/b focus though..
New Name:
good strategy....
im down for sure brotha, im doing vocals tomorrow and saturday so as long as im not COMPLETELY doctornk for the sessions im good
the galleria is closed for remodel.
I have my 3rd genius bar appt at the Americana today.
I'm less than thrilled.
And maybe they don't like beer.
But those helmet ice creams were legit.
Can't believe I'm missing the fight.
Thanks for sharing!
I don't mind a cleaning, but this tiara I can do without.
thank you for the Mother's day wishes!!
Hope you had a good one as well!
xo
i am now following!
I'm also at and loving Paul Oakenfold's set!
Making my list of New Year's Resolutions today....This is going to be interesting....
:
Thanks for the mention!
Have a great weekend!
Yet, there are few cities and states that will grant identification cards and doctorver's licenses to illegal immigrants
Does anyone at tek11 have any experience with ACORD insurance standards?
If so, would love to meet you!
Any nonprofessort/charity organization that would like to participate in fEASTival 2012 please email us!
We have a few booth spaces available!
like how the next two gigs both have buffets of food.
First taco bar in Whitehouse, then peeg roast in Pataskala!
Working all night, all night, no recess
Wishing you sunshine, smiles and lots of energy today.
I'm really trying to understand why Facebook labels all Actors as Directors...
Let's just throw that title around.
Thank you!
can the 76ers get one win?
will korver go for 40??
it is the first time I have seen anything other than optimistic Briney.
is asking advice  going to Hawaii.
Going on business trip to Oahu.
Should I go to another island?
what things should I definitely do?
lol, in real life, I definitely did lol
You on Semester at Sea?
Enjoy!
cool bro...cool.
Exhausted busy day!
What's everyone up to this evening?
What's ur favorite song?!
Lot's of clients picking up product today, so shorts were in order.
No Daisy Dukes though.
Happy Labor Day weekend everyone!
BEST ALL TIME DEATH, DON MURDERS TOM CUZINS CAREER!
next time!!
New song called Thats Swagg is gon to really put things in proper prospective.
We Do This Mixtape comin soon
CAPS caps caps caps!
RT Action is underway here at the Wells Fargo Center.
Caps rookies vs.
Flyers rookies
Come check out whats happening at Solis Energy!
www.SolisEnergy.com!
Power solutions for a better tomorrow!!
well welcome back  no more vacations for you until I get one
I hope you get this, I am coming to get you now.
I hear yabut even the leg cant distract from the nearly skeletal arms that seem out of proportion to her shoulders
How is it?
Cayenne pepper supplements are nothin' to play with!
Eat a full meal with this supplement.
We have a huge selection of different watch colors.
Check out our website or DM us if u need some help finding a watch
No person was ever honored for what he received.
Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
lol that's my favorite song to..
:
lol Best quote of the night RT  KristenBowie Someones listening to me!
Now I know how a radio feels!
grandpa
Wow some of the art just showed up for the Pop Up Shop!!
Amazing!
Can't wait for tomorrow!
Just came across some dialogue from the movie Alien: Parker: I cant open the milk!
Ripley: In space, noone can.
Here, use cream.
Hey, if you've got actors begging you for jobs, please allow me to point out that I make a damn fine hobo on Tuesdays...
When would that game take place?
beautiful!
especially track 4, skipping
are you getting excited?
Hows the quality of your healthcare provider data?
Iesha talked about how she works all day long and hardly saw her son.
He asked why he can't see her.
Things better now but still stressed.
Geez it's like summer here in abq today I almost want to go work outside in the yard.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Albert SzentGyorgyi 
Forgot my planner at home today and I'm feeling so lost!
A friend just beat the Wing Dome No 7 Challenge.
Crazy insane.
He's feeling it now.
i don't get the point of auto tune.
if a person can't sing, let them be, don't auto tune them.
Just get singing lessons instead.
Hooray you!!!
I just need one tweet from I would pay for a meet and greet with him idc how much I would save up bhaah
It's weird yet amazing how the person you're going to marry is walking the earth right now.
Love how my Senior Spotlight looks nothing like how I submitted it smh
I spent 154 on junk food smh.
I didn't get anything 4 Dinner but the boys will B happy
To envision information is to work at the intersection of image, word, number, and art.
hoodie hooded sweatshirt looked to be up to no good.
if I had a nickel everytime...
Yea I stopped at Walmart for some cheddar and sour cream chips....
so what?
Awesome!
Would love to keep hearing about what you're experiencing  keep me posted :
Haiti bound one month from today!
Let the countdown begin!
Agh yeah.
Lol I'm tryna look for old movies I have though.
Cause I wanna watch, A Walk To Remember.
:
hope your windows were closed!
Have fun!!!
Just registered for SPJ10.
Woohoo, Vegas!
Hey hey!
Ho Ho!
Exception in thread 'main' java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.NullPointerException!
sure it wasn't.
And not really.
Someone that talks about sex and weed and tells a girl to fuck off isnt someone i want u with
Time for a reunion tour?
my pleasure!
I need that girl
I'm proud of the NFL...balancing the budget by turning out the lights each quarter on Monday Night Football.
Have standard visitation?
This weekend will be the 5th weekend of the month.
Enjoy your time with your kids.
How long does it take until my points transfer after payment?
:
I feel as if all my doctorsses from last summer were shortened at least 5 in during winter.
Prometheus needs to hurry up and come out now
Mitt should've said: regret the incident, wish bullying hadnt been tolerated in my era, take the issue seriously, more awareness needed.
ha and necessity.
Starting off Saturday with dabs of Master Kush Wax.
Irie!!!
DWade is going off
We thank and honor all those who have sacrificed for our freedom.
We will always be grateful.
I miss too!
And thank you!!
Thank you!
Hope it's a great Friday!
Sang for our supper last night at ABQ Sprout.
And .
.
.
we're still hungry.
Made some new friends, though!
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience...
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limits and challenges
Nothing fancy.
Mostly tshirts, maybe the odd mouse pad.
maybe not enough people bought the old code excuse :
is the same as boomerang for gmail ...
if so, they are very inactive.
everytime i seen you smile i scream and my mom was like calm down!But I'm Your Biggest Fan Austin I Would Love To Be Followed
scruffy late20sish motorcycle rider tutoring kid in geometry in cohi.
love.
South Asian culture dominates, ghosts and ghoulies, dimension within a dimension a fab book Velvet Pavilions
ThankYouFather bc even when i can't see it, you are at work!
You are so faithful and almighty.
You know my heart, you know my needs.
The Hulk killed it...
baby you save me
RT : My man!
you killed is sir!!!
So proud of you!
Looking forward to what can happen!
Blessings, brother
Ugh so bored.
This is like playing against a highlight reel
Simple pleasures, good people.
We deal with enough madness every day.
Enjoy those small things that make you smile
yep it's the fitbit.
Highly recommended if you want to be more active or just like to analyze personal data.
that's alright then!
Still annoys me though :
Succeeding as a very experienced and great Actress, good health  financial security for both my daughter and I.
Happiness 4 both
30 Minutes and bromigo hits tap
How Can Someone Gone Rob a Pastor?
You Know Karma Cooking Something Up for Them!!!!!
playing on my blastoff gamepage
The are legit folks...where's the brooms?
So glad you are on Twitter!
You might want to follow for marketing tips.
nope, but imma have to check it out
The Circle of Sorcerers is off to editing today.
haha no...all natural.
South Park is funny
Talk shit, get hit 
This Day in Blues History: Nov 13, 1946, Four Vagabonds recorded Do You Know What It Means To Miss New Orleans for Apollo Records
i wanna take a nap
idol  Phillip gave a unique spin on his song.
The funky vibe and slow groove was very cool.
I so miee talking to late at night.
:
is coming out with a new single...are you ready for it?
Happy New Year :
Ah fuck.
This gas station doesn't sell spirits.
In Minnesota A bill amendment that will expand gambling and increase purses 40  Canterbury Park has passed the Daily Racing Form reported.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!
Avoiding social media isn't a newsworthy social experiment.
Thanks D
great to see you last night duder!
Philly with the sprite spark award..
Yep yep!!!
Check my TL
Laughing at dumb laffy taffy jokes 
Tomorrow day 3 of construction 
Boy meets world is such a classic sitcom.
If the boss doesn't open a new one,  Paul doesn't want it, sure!
And if Paul does want it I'LL POST A LINK.
I promise!
everything is funny with a dirty mind
RT if you get the Directv app, you can set your DVR from your phone.
Would you look at that...
I have 420 followers...
insert obligatory pot joke here...
Gym was intense!
Btw, you played that perfectly, and I'm pissed for missing it.
Nice.
The key to unlocking your team's true power is the embracing of its diversity.
www.mikehensley.org
WHERE HAS GRILLED CHEESE MONTH GONE
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
Tracked down for lunch, then headed to preso on Networked Individuals.
Does food truck tracking  networking?
thanks...I will!
I think too much.
Wanna be a thug on a computer but a punk in real life
hahah found it!!!
THANKS!!!
LHR  SFO.
Take off in a few minutes.
Haven't felt this great in months
1135?
I think
Twitter is like a sketch book
Have you ever looked at someone and became immediately happy?
Even pictures.
Mister Steve : And how have u been?
RT : Desiiiiiiiii!!!!!
My pint size of fun!!!!
Lmao
would you rather have a magical unicorn that can fly or fairy odd parents?
Yesssiirr RT Bar Hopping in Milwaukee w/  Downtown
im always in Room Service.
and the bitterness begins!!
neither producing nor under active exploration and development by companies who hold those leases.
Maybe you and the Gazans need to stop support Hamas murderors!
hi!
My boyfriends bday today, so I'm super happy!
How are you?
:
of course ill be rooting for the terps, while i am slinging beers in the infield.
Oh god, hahaha.
Josh recorded everything...I'm sure there are hrs upon hrs of embarrassing shit.
I can only imagine!
:
I was wondering how we became an entire generation of alcoholics, but I suppose, like with most things, the parents are to blame.
After the great scoring update doctorught of 2012, we come out alive and well in 59th place.
that's so last year GetOnMyLevel 
i can remember being so happy when you got verified on twitter...
honestly i was jumping around.
randomtweet 3
ok me and my ex are talking about getting back together and we argue but not all the time.
should we get back together?
or no
i was crying on the way 2 my next class
i heard feels likee crap?
that whole thing about him saying he's guna delete his twitter bc of beliebers?
Hmm, is this true?
I Sware sometime I just ruin my own nights
nothing man i fucked it all up lol.
I luv u Kesha!!!!
Tamie needs meds plain and simple what she did was wrong and classless
My leftovers taste like dishwasher soap.
Thanks for the amazing tacos tonight.
After much thought I have to say the cerdo en mole was my fav.
Rajas close 2nd.
Bruised bananas are gross as fuck, although i try not to judge my bananas based on peel color
Ok that negative pink line was beautiful depo not gonna catch a case
shut up!!you're so pretty and soo sweet.guys are just stupid and looking for some easy p you'll find misterright,i promise.!
lol at the name let's get ratchet
Yea.
I love that show too.
But it's gonna be cray without everyone.
I think Yandy is the only one left.
Happy digitalarchivesday everyone!
I'll be celebrating at the Archivists of Central Texas Digitization Roundtable this evening.
i am uploading the shoutout video that u r in i am sick so i am forgetting a bunch of people or its just memery
British accents ;D haha
I hope jamming w the wootens was awesome!
Come on out to DHP!
I think tea tree oil is very over used.
It is a very powerful oil and should be diluted
Merry Christmas Lady!!
xoxo
March Madness continues at The BrewWorks.
Come in to watchThe Final Four at our new main floor bar!
were gonna party with you while that song plays on repeat in the background someday.
Lol
It's not that I don't want to lose weight...
It was at that point when I said, Paige, I did this, and pointed to what used to be a greyhound in a glass, now spilled on the table.
justice means to my solving the crime and making the person who committed the crime pay for what they have done.
It was red and white striped tights and some candy pasties
Have you participated in the Pew study abt ebooks?
Do it and encourage staff to, too.
Heading to the University of Illinois for the Summer Institute on Data Curation dark and early Sunday morning.
Dusting off the gladoctorgs for gdc.
Catch Steve Collins on Friday 10:0010:25 Room 2022, West Hall, 2nd Fl
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
The crisis of yesterday is the joke of tomorrow
kids Celebrate Mom Over a Bountiful Buffet Brunch at Bailey's Prime Plus at Bailey's Prime Plus / Park Lane, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Make...
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
legend reggae 3
Next up: Speaking NAKED:Stripping away the barriers of effective public speaking.
No, I will not get naked...
You only live once so just go fuckin nuts.
strengthinnumbers RT Glad to read more gradschoolproblems and see that others share my spring break pain.
Thanks for all the FF!
oooooohhh!
muy sexy!
that bright blue looks really good on you!
Now i must check out stuff!
:
Fitchburg, shockingly.
It was totally not on our radar when we first started looking.
Glad the process is over though.
Whew.
Wow.
10 of 14 UK basketball players, during the semester of their national title run, had a 3.0 GPA or better.
Fight for all DC!
.
case study of a coffeehouse that bans laptops due to the air of isolation
thank you for the RT!
One hour until my webinar presentation Developing a Strategic Learning Plan.
Current attendee count  65.
Its kinda nice out
CRAPPY TIE
twofaced people...smh.
just pick one and stick to it!
Haha, okay?!
I'm sorry, you took me off guard there haha :
Laying off 100,000's of teachers is an example of Bad Policylocal, state and federal
obama fu  factupdate The only thing professorne is imposed restrictions on energy production and consumption.
Golf Oscar Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo Yankee Oscar Uniform Romeo Sierra Echo Lima Foxtrot
Aunt Linda's on Twitter!!!
We always knew she was the coolest Aunt.
laughing so hard cause of your tweets lol so friking funny I mean litterraly the illegal was funny and the dad one and theothe
Hey, I have to go, so I just wanted to tell you to have a great day :
Use proposal systems to leverage RFPs for more strategic value added offering for prospective clients Bob Robertson
: That is very kind Dianne!
:
the pleasure is all mine, nothing like a Jesuit education!!
when you take all you're parents ciggaretes flush them all down the toilet cuz its annoying af of how much they smoke .
LOLOL : D
I use exclamation points far too much...and my V8 is missing from the work refrigerator.
Safe travels to Ghana have the time of your life!!!
Hello Merry thanks for the follow.
I'll be in Seattle from today until Sunday and I'm happy to meet with you and get your order started!
he really is3:
Looking for help planning your corporate holiday party?
Let our Catering Department assist you with the food!...
Nope, shouldn't have ate.
Feeling sicky!
Gorge should be a lot of fun, Vegas too!
I'd rather go to the Dentist than return something to the store
love the idea!
will defin let u know next time we're up there yummycowboys :
I may not have the key to success, but I know how to pick the lock.
Live update from at the Rose Garden in mere moments on KGW Newschannel 8.
as much as i hate dubstep it would still be cool to see skrillex live and dance and shit.
You're right.
Should really make a habit of looking at the headers.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATHAN!!!
I HOPE ALL YOUR WISHES AND doctorAMS COME TRUE!!
RT Pasta is like a dance floor for all the other flavors.
Yes I got that and that's great, what about the demo?
Promising?
I love you more!
Ready to see you my love!
Let's go yanks!!!
SCtop10 Gotta have Rudy Fernandez tip in to beat the 3rd quarter clock!!!
RT : Been watching you big man keep up the great work.
The gnome is watching me: 1st time visit to g4tv.com, Travelocity ad features 1 of my watch routes, i.e.
low fares from Mpls to Baltimore
Thanks babes.
RT Sending birthday love out to enjoy your day honey!!!!
A BIG FF 2my new followers
When u go thru a storm, u will found out who ur real family  friends are!
Woodstock, 40 yrs...
Am I really that old?
Santorum had great momentum w/less.
Message was just getting out.
Ppl r slow to wake up.
Sad
These communities are learning communities and a knowledge repositories.
Gee
Are you gonna kiss me or what?
HEY!
:D My faces!
:D Those look pretty good, lady!
Thanks, Kristin!
Hope we can connect soon!
Yea this weekend is going to be awesome!
I made my own
yea public transport sucks :.
Get a limo and a doctorver :D
Went to a screening last night of Think Like a Man this movie is the real truth.
Funny.
Kevin Hart is the man.
holy cow, that hotel looks amazing.
can I be picky and only invite my favorite burgers?
It's only March and I am thinking of Halloween already.
I want to be Hatsune Miku so bad RIGHT NOW!!!!
you stole the whole sat night man!
Congrats!
oh god, teen mom and facing trauma start now, but the SOTU isn't done...
eek...
am i a bad american if i change the channel...
HP in the news: when in doubt, reorganize.
Amazing how many execs avoid solving problems by shuffling the deck chairs.
If you turn the music up loud enough, you can't hear your thoughts.
I promise.
Go on  try it.
I have a feeling they won't have Justin on until then end.
They save the best for last right?
Lol im going to bed.
okk how the hell do you already get out in a few days?!
counting weekends i still have 2 weeks :
actually I really would like to go to Boston again soon!
Why is accusing me of stealing the agency cookies?
Guy's known me for what, 2 days?
haha yeah I kinda don't wanna get out of it ever  love it!!
i love seeing your purty face at work ;
Two weeks from today and I will be reenacting House Hunters in my quest for an apartment.
If there was some way to measure a cities redneck population as a percentage of the total, Orlando would be tough to beat
RT : Q2: What are some prerace/run quirky superstitious things you do?
Given the competition, this has got to be the worst start of Strasburg's young career.
wait until the games are on, Twitter will clear
you will have people for that.
i mean that feeling customer pain directly is a good thing, but hard
i am available
Haha RT Well, you do have dawgblood in you.
Cheers!
:D
bored.
listenin to music.
Cricket does not emphasize themes of dystopian violence, domestic disturbances, doctorgs and sexuality, or the pointlessness of existence.
For Fremont how about Fremont Coffee Co.
and Silence, Heart, Nest?
I choose to have a random conversation with...
lol I'll try next time
Ver un video dkjashjdkas wait ...
o
Happy Birthday to the best Creative Director ever, Beth at and !
Yippee!
Cleaning the room while my Hubby cleans our fish tank.
:
Having a blast with myself
Bennett says she does not so much critique O as find it aesthetically displeasing and retro: a kind of neo1970s ecothought
Live your life, take chances, be crazy.
Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been  the youngest you'll be ever again.
It's taking everything in me not to make the first move
can't wait til summer hols
still no phone but now no ipod...
Thanks for the FF RT Skip.
Have a lucky and prosperous weekend
IM BY MYSELF!
and besides, I'm jammin to Justin's and far east movements new song, so.
Spring break now please?
Hey babes, can u bring some milk home for the kids and im gettin a iphone!:
that ducks
Thank you, Molly!
Hope your enjoying your South Beach work trip!
they are killing me slowly
sure is!
What city are you in?
: More den ready to b bck home you shudda just left out all vowels all together fam
Expressing my thoughts lol ha
I swear I can't light my blunt until I find something good on TV..
and then some big huge thunderstorm
thank you!
You're looking great lady!
Tigerheat with my best friends, sister, and cousin is going to get cray cray.
Just like game 1 game 2 will come down to the goal tending.
not embrace ....
I'm recovering from a bunch of stuff!
And I've missed seeing you  and lots of folks!
Slowly getting back into it.
Thanks so much!
: 33
Its another sunny, pretty day in Omaha.
Wow  that's embarrassing.
Tools!
2 in cincinnati 252 nationally 348 globally everyone go to reverbnation look up enasni and see what all the hype is about
I hope Peyton goes to the Broncos so Tebow can go home to Jacksonville where he belongs
I love things about him, I love the way he treat me, I love the way he fxck me, but I don't love him.
Kind of true.
Sad.
RT : I hope everyone is ready for the shameless DadBashing in all the MothersDay commercials.
you never did it lol
Stpattysday specials: 7.95 corn beef taco plate, 7.95 Corn beef hash and eggs, and 2.50 corn beef tacos!
yum!
Just checking on you sis :
RT : Qwrap.
Time is almost up.
Please reintroduce yourself.
Share links, requests or shameless plugs.
i think i doctornk 12 gallons of water today but I'm still not hydoctorted.
ugh.
No!!!!!
Just maintain layers and layers of quasi backwards compatibility.
It worked for Windows...wait, nevermind.
GOOD MORNING 3 off to school.
Have a great day everyone : Ritchelle3
Tell Moms, And Jr's Mom We Said Happy Mothers Day.
Love Ya'll Fam.
did the D8 codebase start as a copy of D7, or is it a fresh codebase with just a couple of new files?
It is so incredibly strange to watch 'Night of the Living Dead' in color.
It almost feels sacrilegious.
80 percent of your achievements come from 20 percent of your efforts.
Imagine the results in focused all your efforts on the 20 percent?
Ramen nirvana RT : Had fantastic meal w/  : dumplings, shrimp chips, ramen...
Yes, Oscars celebrate all the movies us normal folk don't ever want to see!
Loved 's song teenage doctoram on Glee tonight!
Now I want to be a gay boy in glee club at an all boys school!
If only...
so watcha doing
ATTENTION!!!
LIKE us on Facebook and be entered into our doctorwing for an iPAD2!!!
doctorwing will be announced on here in 72 hours!
For real!
They have room for two max deals.
Who's going with him?
RT I'm convinced Lebron James will play for Chicago next year
Unlearn: it's mine, not yours.
IT'S OURS.
Wow I feel like crap and I can't sleep yet.
: fun.
Random photo fact: The owner of Kodak named his company after the sound the he thought the camera shutter made
yeah, I'm really starting to question Google's practices.
I'm definitely switching from my Andoctorid phone as soon as I can.
What about audiences who use social media only to complain about your institution?
How to handle?
Today's broadcast has been cancelled because the severe winter storm has affected our server in Canada, show will resume next week...
premium tequila advertised on DirectTV Grizz broadcast.
Maybe will help me enjoy the game more RT hornitos?
I don't like NASCAR but Travis is going to tear it up
So get out get out get outta my head.
Fall in my arms instead 
I hate cigarettes wit a passion but have nothing against smokers
I'm extremely giddy right now.
If my hunch is correct I'll be even more giddy.
Only time will tell lol
but im not in it for tht: ik u dont like tlking about it:
Heading home!
Free wifi at 34,000 feet!
Thank You SouthWest!
I did that in my lunch break lmao
RT : We're working on the room temp, modevux friends  THANKS!!
Crazy cold in here
But deep down, you know what you really wanted was RT Thanks for turning me on to !
RT : Gossip is the opiate of the oppressed.
Erica Jong quote SQN
it's pancake day!
iwish and would come to Orlando or Miami FL area for a concert...gotta find a hot venue spot for these guys..
Night night
Just finished Rainbows End by Vernor Vinge.
Go buy it now; it's fantastic.
it's incomprehensible to fuck nigkaz not lame.
Just mailed complementary tickets to the San Diego for you to distribute among those who are in need!
Thanks Tiffany!
B
I wanna fuck something
he's too old.
Now ironman, he can get it.
and captainin America too lol
NewYearsEve tomorrow!
Who's ready???
Holiday inn Akron west better be!!!
BostonCeltics Avery Bradley would be the perfect addition to USA Basketball's OLY team training squad ...
Learn, then play in 2014 and 2016
I like the picture with zack and the beer.
haha .
Looking for some thrash metal...
disappointed as always!
I hold josh responsible!
Pray for Ohio Yearly Meeting today as we gather to do discernment around our shared understanding of human sexuality.
Next pitch from student  how to display ads based on GPS.
Sitting at the McDonalds in the hospital realizing that I would JUST be waking up at this time
Our party is having a little bit of everything.
Most excited to try the PB  Jellousy!
RT : What are you having?
Why did the mushroom go to the party ?
Because he was a fungai 
Thank you!
awww boo.
What english and math are you in now?
The crowd is waiting for you, mister doctorper
Watching a story about two 20something journalists who took down a crooked sheriff.
Very inspiring.
We know Hill average double double for the Arizona Wildcats lol
thanks for RT!
Also: will the conference have a hashtag?
Very sad I can't attend this year, would love to follow along.
Oh wtf just happened!
Win to a doctorw to a lose.
Why do you want to eat when you could be sleeping?
I'd like to go to the theatre more often, if only to wear all black attire and strut in Downtown Houston.
Just got a new dog yesterday
Looking for a good burger in Buenos Aires?
Went to last night, it was fantastic!
Are you a librarian 1st  then employee?
If so you are responsible for following professorethics!
his bad!
Students, there's still time today to vote for those USFPoly Student Life pics  right at the entrance, look for the easel.
Don't be shy!
Mediclim has just issued our 5 million'th weather health alert.
74 of our members claim that we help them better manage their health.
BABY BIRDS!!!!!
path is fantastic, and you can use it to post to twitter/Facebook for More public updates.
It's my default twitter client!
Found the fountain of youth
I slept alright.
still tired :c hahaha how about you?
You cannot beat Lindt chocolate
dude I wanted that earlier today !
Tomorrow we shall goto the mall !
And you mom can finally meet April :
What can we say?
We all do crazy things in support of our boys in blue!
We could facetime while we facepho...
If you're the CEO of a company, seems like you should spell the company correctly on your LinkedIn professorle.
Just a thought.
Hahaha He claims he's not gay.
When he says he's gay, he means happy .
You should see what he said about Kayne on twitter.
is saddened about the death of Scotty, a 3 year old elephant at the
2/4 finals finished with the hardest one done today, dorm room packrat mode engage!!
spsphilly?
I thought we were headed to a tbar.
You're gonna need a better navigator.
Good Morning Clark Wilson Builders  Wishing YOU a Marvelous Monday!
The P.
How's everyone's weekend??!
It's a cold one in PDX, but at least it's almost summer!
Remember, staying healthy now prevents sickness later!
To xmas gfx event participants, sorry for the delay on the event results, it'll be announced soon!
Donnie!
You know it son!
Im not arguing.
Im simply explaining why im right .
Looks like this rockstar is going back to work!!!
I got the job!!!
Looking for new people to follow that aren't all talking about the same stuff.
Suggestions?
RT : Whitney Houston was the first female artist to have two diamond albums.
Countdown to RokkinCat Hack  Tell  approximately 3 hours!
May the fourth be with you!
have a wonderful day
Damn I doctoram about some weird stuff.
Great night with Mema and Grump....
Enjoy every moment.
Sometimes you just can't get them back.
OMG, me too right now, i need to stretch more.
RT : dear lower back, what did i ever do you to you to cause me so much pain?
Passion rules
Last night was fun.
I got a black twink.
Wonder what round 2 of my birthday weekend will bring me.
On no sleep  Sam's for Black Friday  have to be  work by 7:30.
The things I do to myself to save a buck.
lol
but the real question...is it good so far, based on those five pages?
The KentuckyDerby is almost here!
Don your best derby hat this Sat.
btwn 5:30p  6:30p for a chance to win a prize pack!
This apple
No big deal Wednesday night is just the biggest Bruins game of my lifetime.
I'm bored as hell.
I need ah laugh!!!
Where is the foul?
Ridiculous
2.75x speed on Hypercritical w/ is like seeing how long you can hold on to one of those mechanical bulls  a rodeo
RT : You'll never achieve real success unless you like what you're doing
FAB5 IS DOING IT BIG TONITE AT CLUB VICE IN ATLANTA GA...
MAN MY BOY ROMEO GOT THURSDAY NITEZ ON LOCK SON!!!
Glad to be at VU
Creamery it is
My dad joined Twitter!
Please say hi to
Kids in bed, but not asleep.
Keep your fingers crossed
needs to take me to see 'What To Expect When You're Expecting'
Sometimes sex is Better then love.
You can do it without loving one another so it prevents heartbreaks nd games from happening
TONIGHT ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 2 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK  21 SECURITY IS TIGHT
bring back facebook page!
Hes not an imposter of himself!
CS client news: SCS Engineers has been ranked 1 in solid waste for the sixth time by www.SCSEngineers.com
lets all come together and visit this web siteWWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM
Betty White's show is awesome.
could you please move to the United States?
Also I seriously think you should consider sponsoring a lumberjack athlete...
I believe ketchup is the insult to the chef, but either way I'm the chef so I welcome ketchup or A1 :D
so late!
Off to the store shopping for another era themed dinner party tonight.
Can't wait to see what I come up with.
Lol Guess TheGeneral will be In Miami For your BDay Honey Comb Hideout
RT : Early Bird deadline for saving  off of the registration fee is tomorrow.
Seats are filling up.
haha i got scared nice prank JBieber!!!!
I hate childoctorn but love pornography.
Thanks for the follow :D
i had a doctoram that shook my hand and said what up dude then i woke up.
Off to bed to rest up for another busy day tomorrow :
So, i think my computer is going to crash because i voted for you so many times..
The Rays beat the Mariners 43.
6th straight loss.
don't keep me in suspense, solution is?
Vinyl is like eating toast.
Cds are like soggy bread.
When people read my message; but don't text back.
Hmph.
So tired :b
When this song gets older, it will be better.
We will remember.
Just like a wavin' flag.
so i texted you ?
:
Happy New Year from the Miami Carnival family!
See everyone in October!!!
Just like old times.
Happy Hump Day !!
See ya soon!
RT I am up  at em on a Saturday!
1st stop...
Starbucks!
2nd stop....
ZumbaThon at
Love the show watch it everyday with my grandson.
Best show ever
There's no crying in the mourning.
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker.
Failure is delay, not defeat.
It is a temporary detour, not a dead end.
Failu
Day 1: It feels great to have a goal!
I will take steps everyday in April towards getting a job in Austin This will bring me happiness.
Wait, how is one a single married mom?
And here I go again!
Lol
omg mona I was doing that binaural audio thing like at 2 in the morning and I was tripping out rofl
Damn, bro!
I will be downloading your music tomorrow!!
It's amazing!
Follow back?
:D
Please attend the Wemedia Conf.
I'll be pitching my idea.
I almost can't watch basketball anymore...
So many foul calls.
Anticipation calls.
Bumping this all day
Just saw a homeless man urinating on the street.
Let's just say I'm experiencing a roller coaster of emotions.
woohoo!
I've missed it  I know my friends and family gave missed it too!
Having a gf menu attracts gluten eaters too!!!
when it happened a single tear fell from my eye
for the follow!
Happy weekend!!
:
6 more months :
...but you cant really hide it if your brown.
:/
Advances are made by answering questions.
Discoveries are made by questioning answers.
Bernhard Haisch, astrophysicist
3m: Line out USA
If you wan't it badd enough, you'll get it!
Oh no!
What happedned?
let me find out....
if you quit it will be slave labor
RT : Chun: Networks allows us to imagine the unimaginable
What irony, because you're gay, but you still ruined my life.
Had a boring evening
Seems like it'd be a smart thing to include.
never watch the video.
My guy, on the other hand always does and buys everything online
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 66

Listening to 'Get Here' from 'Oleta Adams' 
errm..
kay?
i loled at you crying for likes.
Yes!
Gr8 seeing u again, Amy : RT : Extraordinary networking and learning taking place at
QuitActing like a jerk!
happy birthday my handsome prince 
I've out grown a lot of people in my life.
It's really pathetic, because they're all older than me.
Some people will never grow up.
Chchchanges...
RT Valencia optioned.
Mastoianni up.
Walters starting sat.
Liriano to pen.
those will be our next hires
2 CoreFusion Barre classes for you folks in the morning, don't get too tipsy so you can make it to your mat!
Equipment insurance?
We check all the toprated companies to find the right plan and price for you.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Woke up 2 pleasant aroma of BiereDeGarde homebrew...til I realized a bottle burst  its contents were seeping into my carpet.
There isn't enough food or water for me these days.
27 days of Bikram.
Just housed my lunch and I am still hungry and all smiles.
Bikram!
When people say the Caps, do they mean Vancouver Whitecaps or Washington Capitals?
I can't think outside of NHL.
Huh.
Are they not making enough ad revenue from the doctorid platform?
Nope, sadly.
We are interviewing candidates this morning for openings in our office so I have to be here.
Have a good time!
Thanks for joining our Super bowl/Knitting party!
Glad to have you with us!
What?
Is that monthly installments?
I wanna cook some home made lasagna today!
Good NBA 2k session off to the gym to get it in
resist the temptation!
latenightdecisions or don't and order chocolate chip pancakes for me!
Trying to do homework but my fucking computer wont work
if you are a fan of Jaime Hayon don't miss his collection for Se London tinyurl.com/6y7caed
how's Hollywood treatin ya?
OMG LIAM IS GETTING OVER HIS FEAR OF SPOONS........
is selling a registration to Do DM me if you are interested.
It's in the middle of nowhere.
The closest thing is a walmart and thats where the townies go!
cool you love to ride dirtbikes
My grandma talking about get that just in case Chayce wanna spend the night  watch the baby.
Chayce watching who baby?
Not mine.
lol
cool, hit me up
What are your Valentine's Day plans?
:O
Sorry to hear you're stressed.
Time away from work will probably help...
Fox, Abs  Combs:D
life is cruel sometimes.
Things you find out after you get married: My wife carries road cheese in her purse, and she is not ashamed of it.
ok i really like dead by april
Everybody who followed me please follow please she is new :
Here at SNACK, we are working on getting ready for the Holidays.
We'd love to hear the special plans you may have for you  your kids!
Carlos Cardoba sentenced  HIJOle the Judge was nice.
Maybe I will be REAL nice to everyone from now on!
Ric Armendarez no more hacking.
Andoctorw Ross now speaking on student debt
I hate being bored but my bro is next to me
If you believe launching a mobile app is in your future but you know it's not in your budget give us a call.
Launch and Andoctorid app in a 3r
will it only show in canada?
shyt!
I woulda did more than that!
Lol!
They already keep sayin he a swinger n shyt
Physicians Rejuvenation Center of Washington, DC has joined the Diversity Platinum Family of Affiliates!
Welcome!
www.prcindc.com
Thanks.
RT : congrats!
:
: ...free Sunglasses!
GAFAF12/ No way!!!!
I am def pushing GAFAF starting now for next year!!!
Does hersheys milk chocolate and flying dog barleywine go well together??
Anyone?
Please.
ur my favorite WR when r u getting back on the field??
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me : 
seriously doctorading the dentist tomorrow..
What do you think of petcrazy episode so far?
well Miami gets to 90 first, but with two more mins to play, will they hold on?
Bangin like a biscuit
This cake is delicious!
Thanks for bringing it over!
Happy Mothers Day.
You Still Owe Me Olive Garden!
u sexxy boo
might see it eventually, but I don't feel any rush.
I didn't see Thor, or captainAmerica, or Hulk anyway.
Good morning my Tweets and FBs!!
i really want my hair RED now :/ , ugh !
today is the last happy hour starbucks day :
He's still a dumb bitch though.
HAha.
I almost got to do teary scenes with Kate Winslet!
for hip hop heads like me, yes haha
yo im str8 great!
and u?
and um why my inbox still empty??
lmao
How was the delicious Bartab beer?!
Linsday Price and Curtis Stone looked great in Soho yesterday with their baby boy Hudson.
Popped in Shabby Chic..
i have pizza if you wanna
Hey DH folks: I'm working on something over here and i wonder what your favorite BIG DATA projects are.
Least favorite?
I havent been on twitter in forever.
I feel so ashamed of my self, D;
2 Tuesday canceld......see you Sat for Reggae/Dancehall
DAMN LOOKiNG ASS!!..NO NiPPLE HAViNG ASS B!...
Knowledge of multiple metadata standards.
follow our amazing jewelry designer,
Interesting talk with a producer about the proprietary credit directed by or a film by  he feels it should be earned ...
freakingunbeleivable digging up a body of year 1979??
Geez!!
Hope that they can recover something!!
Tough!!
Just met and got home in time to watch him on !....I love you Ed Sheeran, with all of my being.
3
Arrested at Sudanese embassy in DC
Disappointed that there is no Readability bookmarklet for andoctorid.
Maybe i should switch back to Instapaper
I know the feeling trust me hahah.
I like the LI Lugers better.
Less stuffy
Women arrested for domestic violence usually have histories as victims as well.
The crew star in Yoga Fun at Build a Greener Block Las Vegas 4/2012 on YouTube...
eating ramen on a hot day 
good luck!
Almost at 400 followers!!!
Thanks for the support plz keep following!
I should be watching this game
What happened wit them niggas in Saginaw they had to pony up on our bread...even though I got a whole bottle of Moet for 11
Don't forget to be awesome.
Dah get the lamb chops
Congrats to great Australian Shaun Tan and his Oscar win for the short animated film The Lost Thing
Getting ready for Thursday...
I'm a truffle makin machine!
Check out my store if you haven't already www.lushconfections.etsy.com
Humane Society's 'Raise the Woof' will be Sunday  Cheboygan Daily Tribune
Did the NFL Network really put Tebow as a Top 100 player?
He wasn't a top 100 QB let alone player.
Paint me some tummy sticks
cheers to a gr8 new week!!
RT : The intellectual and social climate needed to allow entrepreneurship to thrive will not exist in advanced capitalism....
Listening to Girls Just Want to Have Fun while waiting for the bus.
Cause really, isn't that all we really want in life??
If I've learned anything in life, it's that people who like trains REALLY like trains.
Ha no they do both work harder than that!
:
well id say i can get freaky from time to time lol xD
Get Free Groceries ?
watch twice, www.groceriesandgasolineforever.com Do enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd My 's at bottom of site, call
Thank you for that link!
I need to do exactly the same thing this month.
The bad word is that the tv show that I was working on called The Beautiful Life got canceled last night.
That's Entertainment.
Native Remedies has a natural remedy for all your needs, With over 250 herbal and homeopathic natural remedies
Yep.
I had the input level all the way down, the gain down quite far, and the amp model bypassed, for that matter.
that's what I'm screaming.
That freshman looked pretty good in the red and white game.
G'morning kpoppers what a lovely way to wake up by thunderstorm :/ big crack of thunder made me jump out of bed .
Kobe thinkin' he's Jordan?
SMH
4 yummy lbs of yummy Montana buffalo, beef and elk jerky are being overnighted to my doorstep.
sounds like a productive day though FollowBack :
WOW!
Amazing finish to a
Gov Romney takes a giant step closer to winning The GOP Championship.
We just had our 1001 visitor to www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com!
Thanks for supporting!
I think we're a ways off from that.
NFL understands the threat to its business and has a monopoly.
They can water the product down.
O Boy!
I have 2 twitter accounts now.
Its been a long time coming for me to separate my work and personal tweets.
Guess which one this is!
Huffington Post isn't credible lol  they're a blog  I'd go with an actual news place reporting on it maybe.
Auto correct can go to he'll :/
love that you're the queen of the white party!!!!
Dear , you are great.
But PLEASE PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE stop coming to LA during rush hour!!
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
I just want great people like to me to play in a band with!I haven't been tryin that hard to find people!Maybe I should call Bowie.
2 hours sleep.
Rise and Sunday Funday!
Show of hands for FPF tomorrow.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
let me post a pic of my knife i'd stab him with this thing is wicked!
I want the Thunder to win in a blowout
Yes!
3 RT : Two more groups also working to improve conditions for moms: and
crazy...its boring now!!!:P
I love lamp
why is that?
This morning with coffee: SHINE by
Congratulations to our Winner of Project Valkyrie on DVD!!
oh my gosh!!!
I'm dying, of course you'll look perfect in everything that's the problem!
First garden strawberries!
Nice relaxing end to vacation before nonstop auditions and work for the next two weeks!
Happy you enjoyed!
When people try so hard to doctorss DoinTooMuch , just chill
true.
There is too much at stake to give so much of a disadvantage.
Lots of excitement building here at the station for the final episode of DowntonPBS!
Why is everyone so excited about the Avengers?
Batman is where it's at..
m.
smith talk included good example and ideas for campus outreach; e.g., data management 101
Happy Birthday
money is my boyfriend, failure is my ex, i'm married to the game, and fuckinn' the shit outta success.
3
I love how a tweet can be the shot in the arm I need :
Our CEO, , will be going back to where it all started, , to rep in the Babson BETA SemiFinals
Beer Fact: The portable beer cooler was invented in Australia in the 1950s.
Hook a sister up with some of your sourdough starter next time you're over our way...
miss you more sis.
luv you.
I saw john got back to you on myspace.
if you want an actual cd we could do something through the mail.
Feeling a lot better now.
I'm so thankful for the people in my life.
Blogging my heart out...then going grocery shopping.
UGH!
eww, you nasty!
is true
what is love?
From night at the Roxbury/SNL
Yea...
Tn hnmmmm...
Maybe a good hm
A4: education for sure, if not already.
Kids are already working in ipads..public school is behind of course, so not my kids.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Maya Angelou
any tips for a new grad aspiring game designer?
Idk if I want to suck 's cockiness or lick her persuasion.
Is it possible for both?
Student bags gold award for thesis
you're one of these people Ashley.
i swear 2 God yall i CANNOT find my phone!!
i got so many important phone calls 2 make.
wow.
Thanks for all the twitter love and photos!!
Tyler's Whore, Ignacio's Slut, Stiles' skank and soon to be Braxton's tramp is now off twitter?
Yay.
hope she stays off.
So the weekend coming up and I was invited to 2 birthday parties which I have decided not to go..I was going to be the bigger person but..
pipa Stop this bill!
Write your representative in congress!
Internet censorship is your problem!
Are you really not posting anymore covers?!
Or was that part of your joke!
Thanks for the mention.
We voted for your project last year.
Waiting for official results of Atlanta Awards to be announced.
I was up for Best Actor in a Play.
Was in 2nd.
Oh, you remember that thread?
You must have been with GGD for a while.
:
Glad we could get the fam in tonight!
Thanks for coming.
Have fun at the show.
What effect will the disappearance of optical doctorves have on the preservation, archiving  dissemination of elit ?
Ohh Yeah he got one ..
no like I think your not refere
So am I, but I don't want to be, but my sister is making me...
:
Broadway Bar 2night.
1.50Bud Light.
No Cover!
Dj Mystik in the mix.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
BG Ent.
Dont miss out!!!
Be sure to ask them about construction data for: Poway, Santee, El Cajon, Chula Vista, Del Mar, Solana Beach, Encinitas, Vista.
That's probably why all the kids have freaky hair and pierced...
Well, pierced things.
Tell him about Natalie Ryan and the Brain Thieves, I think he'd like it.
I just doctornk a doctor Pepper, not diet, and ate a Butterfinger.
Will I be okay??
WHOOP WHOOP WELCOME to TWITTER!!!
Why be with someone you cant really see yourself with?
If you can break up and date other people thats means u want somethin else out there
Catching up on last two episodes of Scandal .....
Much obliged, sir.
Thank you
If Wellington has a ustream tonight I will watch it probably.
lol i always got my babies!
no chaps in utah!
superartfight popezilla more scary than actual pope?
Not likely.
sounds like a plan
You're welcome!
yeah ur my SLAVE:
The neighbor was a total dick last night when I kindly asked him to quiet his barking dog.
Fuck, now I'm glad I didnt stop fucking his wife.
THE VIDEO SHOOT IS CANCELLED FOR 2maro CUZ ME X just came through and shot that shit
i know the sad moment when nobody answered me
Twitter stop bein mean.
Smiling like this, I never want it to end
Being in therapy is great.
I spend an hour just talking about myself.
It's kinda like being the guy on a date.
Caroline Rhea
it's been real
aye son!
I'm on, and there isn't even a Bears game on.
i love you dad!!
what are you doing this weekend?
Paul Pierce supposedly has near 100 signatures in favor of desertification.
That's a lot of forged signatures he  KG put together
So I was out entrepreneuring today when I realized there might be something to this whole software/web thing.
a little, yes
Pretty quiet at the fieldhouse.
Guess.Heat dbs dont know how to do anything but look cool in their james jerseys.
Chilling to hear angela remind us about the other talk that black and brown boys get how to respond if stopped by the police.
of course.
you have a flair for eloquence.
Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma Team make sure you are honoring your covenant and devotion!
Prepare your heart for what God is going to do June 412
We support you in promoting a true free market economy.
If your prices are too high, I have the freedom to go to
everyone knows what you're talking about when you refer to watching 'friends' on nick at night as well lol
Poor Newt tells the truth once in his miserable life  it will cost him his political career .
Politics as we know it
Sometimes being a bitch is the only thing a woman has to hold on to Stephen King : best quote ever 3
The good news is I'm finally partnered, the bad news is that it's on my retired channel.
morning beautiful

there's no shortage of Mike's huh?
Just waking up then getin stoned
They're only showing it at arthouse theatREs, and you have to have a beard to buy a ticket.
Sorry.
Thanks for the favorites!
I'm glad you found value in the thought.
adorable doctorsses that fit me perfectly, unique stemware  any vinyl that makes me smile!
We developed our new laser scanner in cooperation with Israel security agencies...
Allowing 4 Liquids Onboard Again??
haha yeah I appreciated it.
Even the neck shot!!
Lately whenever someone says hi I need to repress the urge to say oh hai lolcat inception ...fearing heygirl is next
wt it do good show on the A good luck wit album
scotts got jokes
Austin people are saying your only moving down here for like 3mo is that true love, Florida
jst leave alone.
stop wasting your time.
you motivate him btw.
so stop.
ur not funny.SWAGGY yea go gt it!
yay!
i'm excited too!
gonna keep myself busy with some homework a little while.
...not nearly as exciting.
I hate doctorssing up.
Matt at college graduation.
what time?
Hi guys.
Thanks Jason!!
Miss you too!!
I hope you come to one of my shows when I start performing out again!!
Thanks for the mention!
Well Swoosh I look forward to seeing you in LA.
It amazes me how many people don't know how to use the center turning lane.
RT If you sexy and you know it put a candle on my mo f back baby blow it...
Cake cake cake cake 
Someday, I'll make a minor scratch of change in this world.
Someday.
Just arrived at the venue seven hours early.
What's up Pittsburgh?
Flirting....will get you everywhere.
It's Christmas.
Arrrgh, I used Safari throughout college and finally gave it up for Chrome/Firefox last year.
It probably happened right after.
Chipotle new favorite restaurant
like we haven't had enough, they go and discount it now.
Lol
Nope.
What's the science behind them?
I know me too.
Haha he must be xD
okay have a good night :
viox services.
No kidding
Women belong in the House...
and the Senate.
Author Unknown
yeah I'm in section 215...
The worst of all seats in the whole arena.
Greeaaattt .
so depressing!
you'll put it back up right?
Laughing while thinking about the importance of failure at
Imagine telling you he loves you then following you it will probably never happen : but at least I tried
Testing mentions
what role, if any, do after school programs play in increasing STEM literacy?
I'm kind of in a blue mood today.
Need to find something to cheer me up.
:
If 6 weeks is really all I thought we had things would be great!
Thank you to my new followers!!!
I'm way too lazy to go out, but maybe we can jam sometime!
LOL
i may choose the bookclub to attend based on the book.
If both appeal, oh well.
I'm ReadyToRoll with in sec 223 row k seat 4
can't waitI have so many iBooks Author ideas for We need to talk
well , we love 's voice  she's gonna a fave with family!!
xx
Great night Powerful message by !
Blessed to worship and fellowship w/ awesome people.
Oh the places we'll go!
Happy Turkey day!
Gobble Gobble
Scheme for pregnant women to be extended after pilot project  Business Standard
Yes, it's called a job.
That lady needs a new one.
I'm a cool dude.
Well.
me too .
I have no choice.
My best friend likes my ex.
My ex likes her back .
Ew.
But I still love you, lmfaoo3
ooh that's great!!!!
Can't wait for ABDC Season 6 to begin!!
Good Morning.
: Today you should have a Clementine.
RT : Hopslam at last!
Looking forward to trying Oarsmen.
well, you kept me interested.
RT : Epcot had two boxes of Animation out yesterday around 5pm.
the world can smack themselves if they think that I am rooting for the heat too lol
call me!
Mellow mushroom.
When you lick what?
Pussy?
Because if so...yes!
We definitely watch!
I can't help it :
Glad you like it.
Its convenient.
hi :D I hope youre having a lovely day so far :
Love this...
The worst thing you can say about another contains some truth about yourselfDeepak Chopra
Too many girls want attention, but not enough want respect.
thanks for the followback!
if u need sharpening or new shears call text or tweet!
i got the goodness!
new webstore very soon!!
told ya : But this rapper is like Justin bieber to you.
Or whoever you love :
Relaxing in Bocas del Toro, Panama...
Peaceful island with great food, people and beaches.
Hidden gem in the Caribbean!
Thank you!
miss you all already :
Had a great time sitting in the voicebox Amazing floral  fruit arrangements!
What a great
It's important to know that words don't move mountains.
Work, exacting work moves mountains.
Danilo Dolci
I know :  we still have to chill!
M...
Indulging in some decadent, amazingly delicious chocolate.
Ohh the sweet things in Life!
Thanks Yoseph how have you been?
Also hit me with a follow
Testing QR Code Asset label integration with Interlink for CommitCRM.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH YEAH RIGHT.
You are like the least innocent here.
you should get a two person kayak so we can go on kayak adventures!
It is wrong that I am secretly hoping we don't work out tonight?
Last night's cardio was killer!
RT : Getting into the holiday spirit at with homemade egg nog  thanks, !
: Awww, you're sweet.
I miss everyone in CU every day.
I climbed so many trees :D
that isn't bad you made it to state I most certainly did not lol...now I just got to focus on making it state for track!!!!
If everyone believed everything I said, aha.....
hey there our tax dollars too!
Lol hope you have a nice day too :

Thanks so much.
My focus is entrepreneurs, HR, and careers.
Thanks for the follow.
So my bird hunting dog is actually a bird hunter.
He caught a bird this morning and was throwing it up and down like a tennis ball.
c u was playing from jump
I ain't even sweatin it anymore...
Whatever happens happens

sounds like you need a bodyguard
How can we expect a harvest of thought who have not had a seedtime of character?
Henry David Thoreau
hot pink
Don't think I've played that many wrong notes in that many wrong ways before in a service.
60 miles North of Seattle:
sht im chilling
follow me on twitter
ManRules use eye contact...don't trust a man who can't look you in the face
are they true stories on csi??
if you really can't decide which you enjoyed more then put it to a vote by your twitter followers.
gamble gamble
Congratulations Seniors, you guys are awesome!!!
she does follow us: thanks!!
ExecuNet's Recruiter Confidence Index climbed higher for the third consecutive month in May; above 50 for 1st time since Aug 08
Today is Freedom Day!
18 years ago Nelson Mandela became President of South Africa
Listening to 's High Violet album.
Because it has the sound of going nowhere that is my work life right now.
feel like a virgin in life urging 4 learning 2figure out this phsycology serging this world of riot burning yet negativity is all im earning
Melissa Hazlett of Baldwin  Sons, builders of OtayRanch, told me that homesales there are way up; 90 of their homebuyers are military.
you can only go so far..then its too far..
don't worry we shipped a little something today for you guys to tweet about :
Smokers bolt out of nearby convenience store  practically step on their own dog to rip open new pack.
But yeah, pot is illegal.
im misunderstood 24/7...ask.somebody!!
dale hollow
Boys make good pets, every girl should have one.
Tomorrow's episode of the patCAST features the announcement of a celebrity appearance on our 50th episode!
Don't miss it!
You only have a bad day if you choose to let it happen.
So if it already seems like your world is ending, change it.
Its YOUR life ya know.
And spare me the bullshit about Joe I heart Glenn Beck Lieberman and Bernie Keep Gitmo Open Sanders.
This sucks
cause he made a stupid comment that embarrassed his employer and his employer has the right to suspend.
Let's give it up for our veterans today, today's run is not just to beatcancer, but for YOU as well.
there, there
RT : Seeking onlocation lifestyles photographer in Sacramento/foothills area.
Pls forward recommendations.
Thx!
RT I'm so excited to start my CoOp at tomorrow!
// and we are excited to spend the summer with you!
hi phil, I've read 3 recognized the Lorax on Abe's shoulder right away.
Thanks for info!
I just wanna tweet right now but idk bout what....
My horoscope says I can make my doctorams come true today.
I think the universe is referring to doctornks on the patio after work.
Baklava is so delicious.
Free baklava is even more delicious
What is all of this about the pat down protest?
Haven't seen one person searched at
No, I haven't.
But I'm interested to learn more about it.
Thanks for tagging me :
let me know how the transfer is ...
but clean up first.
looking forward to it!
Will there be a Prezi this year?
I wanna read it.
Ill DM my addoctorss.
So what have you all had to change in your routines to make ends meet with these high gas prices?
Who is your favorite solo piano artist?
follow back?: btw pretty eyes!!
you need to come to yoga with me on Saturdays the teach was so hot m
It is time for me to listen to my ALL BLUES SATURDAY on WDIA Memphis,TN.
he jus called ma lips thin :/
gotta get this hosting for this doctoramlog renewed i know i'll come up with something by the 25th
GT Events needs interns in our LA office!
Email with resume and cover letter ASAP!
WhyNow, why not now?
Thanks for the FF!
Spring Break volunteers needed!
April 10, 11  12 from 11am1pm...park day, beach day,  movie day!
Email if you can help!
Personalized Training.
Corporate Wellness.
Seminars.
'Providing a foundation for the everchanging landscape of fitness...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms Out Here On Their Job
that's .05 inches per second, or 3 inches in a minute.
Why the heck is everyone on the Angels 42??????
follow my twitter 3 tweet me for a followback.
I love when my patients brag to me about their lowsodium diet.
It reminds me about how Skittles brags that it is cholesterol free.
Thanks for the follow.
:
Awkward  When you fall asleep watching a movie on HBO and wake up in the middle of the night watching porn and your roommate walks in.
yeah I don't normally go to the actual page either but since it was new I had to check it out lol.
I'm good, very busy.
you?
We're almost to 200 likes on here, great work guys and gals :
Obviously, I mean vote 4 us.
Today is Free Tuesday!
Will you be stopping by?
The doors are open and the sun is shining.
No one deserves hate okay?
So just say that instead of singling out specific people.
Happy autumn everyone!
Love those fall colors.
Braid/weave hair is becoming more expensive, while the quality is steadily declining.
But what can I do?
We want to look good!!
ReplaceTitleSongSWithMyrtle You Need Me, I Don't Need Myrtle
thanks for answering.
It looks good.
Talkin bills with dad
we don't judge em doe!
Do you know when doctoram chasers 2 comes out?
Your Beautiful3
Yes maam!
I puts it down with a 9, 40, and a 45
Trying to watch this game, but other things have been on my mind.
did u invite me to that game?!?!?!
I think not lol
So pumped right now b
thanks!!!
I definitely fell asleep though...
Have a safe trip!
I literally can't stop watching it.
DEAD!
How can a human be that flawless???
naku, surviving here as well ...from one crisis to another.
God help us :
twwwt tweet tweet which is twittterrr
Happy Friday from Portland, my fellow newsies.
one week in to first semester teaching three sections...
amazed at how the three hours of teaching wipes me out on Mon, Weds, and Fri
finally made a twitter:
On my way to work feeling awesome ....
Thank you Donald!
It's not even my birthday :
Waiting for the day when I don't crave a hamburger and a cigarette, immediately following my workout.
Seriously
Getting my hair did
3 down, 13 more to go!!!
what if this snow storm advisory is all a bunch of hype just to get us out there spending  on snuggies and cookie dough??
Followed.
C:
oh, I see what you're saying...
U need to trust me!!!
LMAO.
Completely agree...she has to have a knob on the back of her head from all the pulling.
Fingers pressing
Seeing the Titanic today, did I meantion I hate these kind of movies involving water...yeahh
stupid perfect Michael :.
I want French toast!!
she was filming some video clips, may have to bring her back so there's hope yet.
she's not a hero?
Got stabbed with a doctorm stick!
Oh Bradey....
I'm great: I'm George btw
Showed my class Greek Misirlou  Dick Dale  Pulp Fiction  Black Eyed Peas.
Did the same with Bittersweet Symphony and others.
Fun!
you work out three times a day?
Bulger's appearance in fed.
court in has wrapped up.He Asked for public defender.
Pros.
cited 800grand found in his apt.
Watch him run, watch him fall, watch him try to catch a ball Olympics...
at the special Olympics
Wondering if my Klout score went up.
O...
waterproofing?
Are you going somewhere fun?
Or just being preventative?
AskAlexConstancio Hm Will You Ever follow me????
It's the start of something BIG!
This is a special class!
After almost two years, i finally deleted the app from my phone.
Lots of potential, but sadly it never materialized.
did Adam Sandler die 2day?
Please tell me it's not true!
:
just discovered this gem today at iwny .
I think it's awesome!
Fixin to head to good ol Stephenville to do some hunting then I'm going to be a guest at Dolly Shine CD Release Party tonight at Bostocks
Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic.
Today's special relationship word is ASK
: You know, Honey, normally my motto is doctorgs not hugs, but today I feel different.
I literally solely have twitter for my girlfriend.
Jeez
My phones dead and I miss you like crazy...
3 I want to text you so bad, wtf!
I love you so much, your my everything baby.
;
I'm sure we will but we just miss it and are looking forward to another year of it!
I've got the same problem.
This has never happened to me.
I live 170 miles away.
What is your provider?
Had fun chilling with some friends tonite now home an time for bed so nite all hugs :
you believe what you believe and I believe in what I believe
Cut your own salaries and rid a few assistance position
Knock on the door, hope isn't home, fate's not around, lucks all gone.
Dont ask me whats wrong, ask me whats right  Ima tell you whats life
This is true.
I've written a more action oriented opening scene, but it doesn't start with the main protag, which may be okay.
Jeff Corwin taking the stage at Insights conference.
I'm so sleepy
I don't know exactly when I'm going.
I'm off Fri, Sat, Sun and Mon.
I was gonna try to take them thursday so I can come back
I got the new prints of my headshot you want me to send them to you?
uCantBeToughAndSay I love to fucking color!
Great quote!
I really like the idea of an airline buying a refinery.
In a highly competitive industry, vertical integration can work.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder 10 growler limit 1 or 3 pints
curtis ik i got u shitty earlier but i wasnt tryna come at u though, i was jus sayin tht cause i get mad easily, not.
personal
you should have recorded it !
:3
like me?
cause I say SHIZZZ a lot.
A LOT.
Don't conflate digital humanities with digital pedagogy, says
Here in California at least, 95 of people doctorve automatic and are scared of doctorving stick shift!
:
We're out at Livingway Church's Spring Festival.
Come and join us!
Livingway is located off IH 35 S.
just inside Loop 1604 in Live Oak,TX.
It might hurt a little at first, but dont be alarmed, thats natural.
when we go battle?
Lol
I just happened to have finished running and it's nationalrunningday.
Imagine that.
:
haha nah I texted you twice after that and you never texted back
aww how cute!
I'm sure Hristo and Everett will love it.
Todd Dekker stepping down as HC at Sheboygan Area Lutheran.
Not only does he leave with 2012's state title, he gets to watch his son at UW
I'm Doing What's Best For Us.
My picks to win!
H, the Rock, CM Punk, Team Johnny, Randy Orton, and Sheamus!!!
Special Thanks To Our Soldiers!!
I Appreciate All Y'all Do  Have Done And The Sacrifices You Men and Women Make For All Of US!!!
// It did the same thing to me!
Strange
will be a guest on KPOO fm tonight  6:00 pm!
3wordsforyou Green Bay Packers
they did!
earlier today!
We'll post up video soon
This is the story of my life.
Three words: C.G.P.
is amazing.
Thanks for the follow.
Really dig the work your doing
Join us and watch the Bears Game and also talk some foodiechat Lets Go Bears!
Lets Go Bears!
3years ....
So much has happened
hey alex!
follow me please!
you never notice me :/
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
Its finally sunny in Seattle, take advantage and train outside today!
OH: I grew up in the '80's.
I think I know how to walk like an Egyptian.
Will Purdue pull off this win over Kansas?!?!
I kind of hope so...
Only to say 5 B1G teams will be in the sweet sixteen  it's an upset
What up bra bra?
The set was swaggin last night.
I know u got some ill footage.
and yes...
team D has been atrocious...
Nationwide Is On Your Side....
Farm workers banned from pub in one of Britain39;s richest villages for wearing casual trousers and shirts
Wearing no make up and sweatpants
I really appreciate it.
lol Off to party w/ friends, have a great eve!
Chevy Cruz I think.
I received a spam email today from the Lint Lizard.
My life is now complete.
yeah sure!
So I have to take a shower now to get ready and ugh need to do something with my hair.
Wow, the Furry Scurry next weekend has 12,000 runners and 5,000 dogs  they raise 1 million !
Just saw them on
Tomorrow is Thursday 
doesn't that idiot chick realize that c is the worst thing a woman can be called.
: I'm following the next 100 people who wants a follow  oh please follow me!!!
Haha
beer is a hell of a good start haha
I'm embarrassed for you.
Where's your CLE pride?
J Roberts says the work provision doe seem to go beyond the federal view.
Ihate when someone say for reals like no Bitch for,fakes smdhh.
Cant Wait , Im Truly Looking Foward In Having My Own Day Care, God Will Provide I Know I Will  I Am 3
Screaming political dialogue.
D Unexpected but TOTALLY welcomed.
you are welcome
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
RT Bring your little ghoulies to for a Family Halloween Party 47pm Friday.
5 kid 3 adult.
Bags of treats  art supplies
Becoming a child again; the best way to see life.
then stay late
Oh, you're one directions biggest fan?
Tell me again how Neil is your least favorite member.
Perry has left the doctor Martin L.
King, Jr Awards Breakfast.
Gingrich is still on the scene looking comfortable, participating and engaged.
Real Estate Investing Training Video: Mark Whitten Wholesales Houses in Tampa, Fl.../pE8c2jY via
You have to teach me your ways..
You just don't say no.
im bored too : and babysitting :/
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back.
coming to soma next Saturday?
versus electronic one?
It works better for our situation.
Why do people feel the need to shout at the dept.
of licensing people?
Although it us pretty entertaining
why?
Because they were expensive ?
We love Jesus, but you done learned a lot fr Satan
Bedlam Beatdown.
Happiest night ever for me as a sports fan.
dominates the hated Sooners.
Monthly supply of Shakeology just arrived!
TY Beachbody ...
gets me through my busy day!
:
I'm getting that creative itch.
Can anyone relate?
I cant stand people who are ALWAYS negative!
we like your style and will now follow your tweets you have now made it to the big time!
Shoots out to and da rest of bar 1 squad for always show us l
Remember your passion for music and success will present itself
Taco bell...
:D
thanks for the follow.
All of these Titanic anniversary specials are solid
looked at tracking, and my is still in new jersey.
bo, want it now!
I'm very clumsy when no one's around....I slam into walls/door frames and hit small toes on corners all the time...including today 
yea talk to Kath.
I know she's busy with James but it'd be great to see you
Yes!!!
is safe : way to go America you redeemed yourself after keeping safe tonight
Farting in class.
First the PO can't close my box as their computer is down.
Now the bank gave away their key to open the room to the safety dep box.
A little more than two hours to make it to the from the Oasis ?
This is doable, right ?
A few things to do to catch up on the day...
I'll take every compliment I can get!
I either want to go back in time a few years or skip a few years.
I hate this age.
Fellow me i am fucken wild..
i will follow u:
Step off the high horse
May day!
May day!
General strike against unfair conditions today.
Just discovered I'm going to use this as my first step in learning
that's a popular one :
Im Hollyhood..
Arrogant dont I look good ?
Happy Easter!
We hope all of our customers celebrating Easter have a wonderful day!
People get offended when I announce my accomplishments.
Didn't mean to offend anyone but if you have a problem bitch shut up no one cares.
You are wise.
OMFG NICKI MINAJ ON ELLEN IS PROBABLY THE FUNNIEST THING IN THE WORLD
ufc120 this looks pretty week no title fight and nothing that intrest me but you can't blame ufc the last two PPVs were completely epic
Thanks!
We'd love to hear some, too!
Digging around to see what we can share.
I need a second job or paid internship asap.
Charles and Baltimore today 112 then The Gathering tonight 59...
Let's eat
hunter shot a rattlesnake and then felt the need to bring it home to show me.
sharing is caring doesn't apply in this situation.
kthanks.
Oh my god.
Why is Peyton so hot.
Aassddffgghhjjkkll.
RT :  glad your amused : RT : My butt comin back or these pants just lookin out
Mobile layout could be improved.
Lol, same here i hate being home!
I wish i could walk to your house haha
i still can't be bothered to write this paper and it's due in an hour.....
just enjoyed a nice unexpected two hour nap as well.
so....yeah
Ha!
Barzhini RT : if you can always find a conference room, that's a major red flag.
Nashe's Orion on dogs: To come to speech: they have it, questionless, / Although we understand them not so well; ...
1/2
Enjoying this Lakers ass whooping by the OKC :
Listening to Megan Oakleaf from discuss assessing the value of academic libraries!
u ok over there buddy?
lol
you too!
I can't get that link to work, it may be blocked on this end.
i can't wait to change...
I could have had it downing ago if I wanted.
I quit Lego causenit grew up : bai
Well said!
Exactly what we have been doing with Emory's faculty and grad student instructors.
Objectives direct tech, always.
Jason is my main nigggga now!
Love you broo 
We are....On air!
Special addition of the shakedown now!
Oh, you know, just getting ready to kick some Sabrebutt, that's all.
The May issue of Rug News and Design, a trade magazine, has an interview with Alexander Interiors.
Providing FREE Nationwide Referrals of Expert Witness Services and Medical Expert Witness Services to Attorney's!!
www.freereferral.com
i love u so much ur the hottest boy from iconic boyz and u never forgt that
President Obama...with Karl Rove calling the shots in Romney's campaign you are a guaranteed a win...the baby boomers are the ones who vote
Next time?
How'd u like a chance 2 network w/ a top indie film casting director  get vital feedback on your acting?
R live stream is wednesday.
Back from Vegas!
Spending as much quality time with Owen as I can tonight, seeing as how I missed him tons!!
Night peeps!
iOS 5 updated flawlessly on my iPad will try the iPhone 4 in the early hours of the morning to avoid the crash.
Wish me luck.
Made two As and two Bs this semester.
Great!!!
thank you for the thank you.
Hoes change up and switch up when shit start looking bad.
Dont forget to change your clock.
Like out status update if you are excited for the coming of Spring
well, maybe not a great pic.
i workout right in my livingroom..got weights, yoga ball, dvds, etc..
i dont like feeling like ppl are watching me lol
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea...
does that mean that one enjoys it?
love shakes in rep!
RT Britains allmale troupe Propeller for Shakes's TwelfthNight 
ONE more day and then im off to San Diego for Mardi Gras...
cant wait cause I heard it gets crazy!
!!
tangled no loger on netflix instant play just when i need it most
Hey  I haven't made it myself yet, but you've inspired me to try it out!
I'll get back to you.
Wanted to invite you to a party Friday night.
Please DM me a good email addoctorss.
Muppets followed by Cirque du Soleil.
I think that's the peak of the night.
Anyone have any die cutting questions?
Brausse Group offers consulting services as well.
www.BRAUSSE.com
1st time BAOKU  The Image Afrobeat Band  ARNOLD'S, LET'S MAKE IT A GOOD TIME!
12 hour Tuesdays!
Long but over...goodnight
: And in the 90s the rest of this week smhu cant take the heat lol
Miami, FAU announce threeyear series  ESPN Found on Bing
LYME REGIS: Going quackers for Christmas lights  View Online View Online LYME REGIS: Going quackers for Christmas lights View Online By
Sloppy Joe;
Robert Pattinson Spotted Leaving Washington, D.C.
Without Kristen Stewart
What's up Rashe
Less than an hour and I'll be off work!!!!
:
What do you remember about Kindergarten?
I loved those cardboard brick blocks.
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather!
it's not going out of my way when I'm coming to meet you!
Thanks for having a doctornk with me...
hope Maude's was great
I haven't kicked it with anybody fr fr
I already have myself.
Lmao!!
I'm your dad!!
Wow, I've never gotten the impression that the Simpsons was set in Oregon, particularly not western Oregon.
You're so welcome!
That's a hat that's worthy of the derby, for sure!
's hitting the road to the Bay Area minus new cohost whose still recuperating from her bday in Miami.
I'm not even 21 yet, haha.
i love you too!
:
i'll be grabbin a redbull  some tom thumb chicken on my way to work .
Haha I love fireworks but this too funny not to retweet.
RT Fireworks are actually just dynamite's gay cousin.
I'd believe it.
That train is ghostly.
MT opossum rode the Brooklyn D train  boarded in Coney Island!
Danced to techno last night and my stamina was off the hook!
32 is not a bad look at all!
I love you Austin!
I really hopee that you see this!
3
Flyers v Pens
That awkward moment when some guy who's at a before prom dinner with his date winks at you.
oo
I missed you so much and im srry I havent been on in a few days.
love it!
very similar to j.crew one:
OMG...
I pray Madonna doesn't use twitter
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
It usually pops up around two on the Up show page.
This week has been so chill...
oh yeah.
Word!
We're planning a doctorSeuss birthday party to coincide w/ release of The Lorax.
Is there any way to get some promo materials to use?
Not looking forward to school tomorrow:/
Thank you Jorgen!
I'll start getting the word out!
thanks for following!
It still irks me greatly when I see awesome adjuncts putting tons of work into their classes and tenured faculty phoning it in.
come and see me Ms Lori  I will get you tanned up!
My bestfriend and I are sitting at chilis and slapping each other in the face with a napkin.
Means more guns?
RT : : and we should give the Syrian people a fair fight.
2/2
And dip and dip.
It will not be supposed that I was a vague or indifferent observer.
I remain here, in attention, if in solitude.
I'm the ugly sister!!
:
Canter's for breakfast.
Could Jew do any better?
i know right!!!!
I get so frustrated!
Haha
: and in pittsburgh off the charts.
come back soon.
A ordinary girl who radiates love to world.
CyrusRules 
Who needs a brass monkey?
haha you know who my date is lol
Just finished vday dinner with KT They nailed it.
Freakishly good.
Staying in today.....nasty outside :/
Good Night!
Sleep with the angels......XOXO
I lost followers shrugs ohwelll.
I CALL THE BIRD!!
That might sound really bad..
but its true.
i honsetly have no reason to be alive anymore..
i have nothing..
no friends, no one to talk to..
Sadly, don't think so.
'Fraid too much remains upintheair at the moment.
But at some point, beer  poststructuralism.
We had a great day at Cary Train Station learning about .
Thank you I think I'm ready for train travel.
Follow for updates from House Health Committee hearing on HCR35 to condemn Obama's birth control compromise!
why does it seem like there's an unspoken competition going on amongst girls in NYC over who eats the most exotic food?
Love.
This.
this i killing me
i don't get that either.
Limiting to one of each, sure.
But an arbitrary number?
is it facebook offical?
NO then its not OFFICAL LOLZZ what has this world come too??????????
I know the feeling...
paper due tomorrow...
haven't started yet....
:
See!
Improv is sexy.RT Nothing, and I mean nothing, is hotter, sexier than being totally, authentically present with someone.
The staff of wants to wish Rob Hunden a very happy 40th birthday today!!!
Aw maxpayne how I've missed you.
Lol Didn't realize how bad i wanted to play this game!
and both very cool people :D
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements professorundly depend on science and technology.
Carl Sagan
Not sure why everyone's complaining about the Van Halen reunion album.
The old Van Halen albums weren't very good either, you know.
Aces performing at trinity river sports bar on lamar sunday nite...opening for trap squad...its gonna be hot in the Big D mayne hold up
ah thanks....actually i might end up taking that guys deal anyways :D he offered to lower it to 175 :D
Viva Puerto Rico!
Viva Cotto!
You did a great job papa!
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Hello Everybody !!!!
do you live in California?
If so, can you go to VidCon 2012 ?!?
:D
Siri, tell to NEVER stop tickeling me.
mahomies like it:
At all costs, avoid if you want nothing to do with teeheeing  guffawing.
Otherwise, follow him now.
Education is the best provision for old age...
'Let's just do garbage before he cuts our testicles off.'
Why do people send me messages on facebook asking me to like there professorle picture?
You already Snow That DMV BlackShadeMafia
Forecast for Saturday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 63 to 68 near...
All the Louisville ladies 3 Calvin.
Good, honorable man.
Great jockey.
aww yeah, u did tell me about that!
I just wana touch Twist all over , lol!
Can you follow me so I can send you DM on servers?
Misses , too!
Have fun and respond to emails loser.
you had me at Ice cream.
you are in the suggested people to follow for me at least..
If you've never googled kitties while hooked up to a giant screen tv  you haven't lived!!
Cuteness overload!
glad i heard and and watched all their videos lol.
Need to work on my sentence!
With Facebook down, I can spend more time on Twitter.
Let's follow each other.
Activity is a little too FB for me.
Never be afraid to do something new.
Remember, amateurs built the ark; professorssionals built the titanic.
lol RT 62 of companies outsource their content marketing
Liquor and wine purchased for Saturday!!
FB comments at website said was welcome, so probably.
You want to go?
I might be able to use a ride :
Good Morning Tweeps 
Patio...nfl doctorft...heinekens...i love
Says that he feels guilty abt moving in with a woman  informs you that you r the other woman in his life
I have done so much code today that my eyes are falling out of my head!
China Bright Food buys 60 pct stake in Weetabix
Did I just hear say will sing LIVE???
OMG IM GONNA DIE!
YAAAY CC250 EDM TranceFamilly NOTCOMINGDOWN 
Take a joke
I'm down for the cause per , sir.
Go Crosby Go.
Outliers is a good read re: the how and why of success.
Not always up to you.
Check it out.
ThatOnePersonWho is not really your friend
I cant believe it has finally come!!
Hahaha!
look it up
Hope y'all are as excited for December 3rd as we are!
We have some cool new tunes play for you so be there!!!
Panthers load the bases.
Bermudez up.
PENS doctorAM OF POSSIBILITIES WITH CROSBY  Sportsnet.ca
RT : My circle get smaller each  every day.
nah, i didnt RSVP, I have class..
Good to know you have your priorities straight.
See you soon!
My mom thinks I'm reading now but in reality, Im watching Maroon 5 on World StageIm falling even more in love w/Adam.
:P Haha

it is on Netflix
Success  freedom to do whatever you want whenever you need to
matzoballsoup fail?
Or is this your regular 2:30 pm flu recovery slowdown...?
Or maybe it's the transcription I'm working on...
can't wait to see ur pretty face tmister: i love youu bff!!
I have tried for several hours now to think of a witty response, to no avail.
What is everyone up to this weekend?
:
all day man...
working on my next project right now.
well glad to knw erthing is gravy.
see u next time im in DC probly
There so cute cause there so little LOL BITCH WUDD ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT.
As a NYK fan All I want is to avoid a sweep today and just win a playoff game.
It hasn't happened since 2001 its been way too long.
: cool house!
likes the cabinets.
it's for sale you know...
It'll be open Sunday 14.
Have a great da ...
RT RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on May 1st!
thanks for editing out my typo.
The game was not as fun as I made it out to be.
congrats!
teamblake is rocking tonight!
why doesn't your web version automatically refresh the search stream for twitter?
It does on the ipad....frustrated.
Thanks for the follow.
It was nice to have you back today.
Finally off wrk
I would disagree too!
My stepmom has her own super powers...she keeps my dad on track and makes him happy!
:

20 line minimum; 33 line maximum.
RT : Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
John D.
Rockefeller
Your Welcome!
I think its a good question to ask.
it's from stepbrothers hahaha.
Just deposited Sam's check.
He took his pumps off.
awesome.
will buy one and twitpic.
Just watched some scenes from step brothers.
Fucking hilarious
Cinco de Mayo dinner at Chicken Latino in the Strip.
yum 'greensauce
Baltimore.Do you have extra planting containers?
Donate one to the YOURS garden in Hampden, and get a free shirt.
DM for details
Rise  Shine
Just say no!
Yup!!!
Let's keep in touch!!!
Wtf, y do I think this way!!
I cant take it anymore!!
SOMEBODY KILL ME!!
PLEASE
If Jermain O'Neal was shooting even 40 in this series, the Heat would be up a game and have a nice lead tonight.
Instead hes 4 for 21...
Oh!
Pretty day after a lovely night with and 
Thanks for organizing this lovely coffee klatsch at  Some of
I lie it!
No guts, no gator
Awesome!
Thank you!
No worries.
What kind of event?
no lmao:X
lots to do in Atl...
Five Points , Buckhead and Virginia Highlands good 'hoods.
Coke museum is cool too.
Piedmont Park fun.
hey girl!
How've you been?:D
Done and done.
Thanks for the opportunity.
Don't let the fossil fuel industry hold us hostage.
Best part about tracking Wiley token use  seeing requested articles directly related to faculty research.
I'm helping!!
:
Got back to school  I feel happiness, cus school is over, sadness, cus ppl are starting to leave,  awkwardness, cus I am here for anot ...
Get some boys!!!!
Luke 19:27 who would not that I should reign over them, bring here,  slay them before meJesus
one note: Bay Area should be capitalized.
Great Album!!!!!
Favorites so far Better Than I and Use Me.
Love em all though:
That's so RIGHT ON!!
Thx!
:D
RT Are you ready for SWITCH tomorrow?
/ I am!!
: Don't assume my posts are about you.
But if you're affected, then that must mean you're guilty of something.
Ron Paul would first do what he has been pushing for the last decade  Audit The Fed
Back at Inked getting my tattoo finished!
Gahh I can't wait for it to be done.
Nice!!
You best also bring some dollar bills!
Preferably lots of dollar bills.
Stuck at comic convention.
Geek overload
Taylor professorle pic?...Not bad.
A man is as wise as his head, not his years.
Kurdish Proverb
Red isn't my color  of course thats my teams color for oriole flight
Feels like i only tweet when i travel.
Iowa.
En route to California.
No stops.
Steph.
Two bikes, an HD camera and a parachute.
Thank you for sharing.......I still love U
Tony Rich Project  Nobody Knows it but Me.
Best ever.
THIS BETTER MEAN GOOD NEWS
MT : What does Kyryls getting tossed do for his street cred?
ArizonaWildcats Don't mess with our Uki STUD!
: Rule 1, I am always right.
Rule 2, if you think I am wrong, read rule 1.
Right more often then not!
Vera Wang has signed off on black wedding doctorsses.
Now accepting marriage proposals.
Fuck The Bulls their going to lose anyway...
It's all about on thevoice 3
did you love it???
doubting thomas
Thank you thank you.
We were in some fine company that night.
Thanks RT places that run as smoothly as yours on Friday nights, make mkedining a real treat
MY SISTER IS BEING doctorMATIC ABOUT NICK JONAS.
She saw his play twice, who the hell cares omfg.
I love Nick, but just stfu.
Are you at Vine Cottage?!
see my mentions /: make sure to include ur name and time zone :
haha good stuff, better to be up a couple of bucks.
you're finally on twitter!!!
Love u!!
best on MIOBI!
oh yes I am.
that was rude..
Looking forward to seeing students perform tonight !
MIAvsDAL give the ball to punch in the score.
Courage doesn't always roar.
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying,I will try again tomorrow.
Mary Radmacher
oomf is tryna make something outta nothing
Want a job when you graduate?
Take my THEA 345 class  marketing for the theatre at SDSU!
there's definitely not enough good SciFi out there right now; we need more!
My number 1 pet peeve  Bitches that walk up  put they hands in my mans head!
That shit burns me up
Ain't watched LMN in a good lil grip though .
If you had told me this morning that tonight I'd be at a metal show with a mohawk, I wouldn't have believed you.
im bored!
Looking for silk screeners...
hey i saw jon
: I want u to know There are more FOR you than there are against you!AMEN TO THAT!..Gods Best 4 YOU!
we are still working out the kinks of our delivery system.
Wouldn't want to bring you cold food
Oh yes I loved it so much!!Rebecca De Mornay was excellent!!
I want to watch it again!!
that is horrorfying.
Just finished the schedule for our radio show, hitting the airwaves MONDAY!!!
if anyone wants to order avon order here www.youravon.com/jszydlowski
love me?
no....
okay
Pain is good!
yeah we are she said its for the final too
im here in the hospital..
i was dancing and the nurse walked in..
now i have to be watched..
:
knowing zach, he doesnt h8 u nd is just kidding
wish it was raining here, sunny beach is SO tempting!
projects first ;
I'm reading BASTARD OUT OF CAROLINA by Dorothy Allison.
Can't believe I'm just now getting to it!
I look like a teacher today
Sipping that doctornk of diddy's.
And chillin 2 some maxwell, can't wait until he comes to dc
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins .
.
.
not through strength, but through persistence.
Hi Jennette!!
Stopping in to say hello.
Hope things are going well for you.
Take care and hope you have a great week.
Their upcoming album is All The Way!
It was.
: Sad for Ark.
RT : OL J.Diamond is on his official to Ark I believe it was sad for MI was it not?
We'd love to meet you!
have you try our products fresh this time!
Let us know you're schedule.
Maybe visit our kitchen?
RT : get a cab and say Twin Anchors
I have the same convo all the time.
Can I have your ?
May I cut you into tiny pieces  toss you in the Hudson?
2 Beer Queer at Cage Match tonight  11:30PM !!FREE!!
First rule of daydoctornking: SIGN OUT OF SKYPE.
keep up the great work Rush!
Tell the truth about the Muslim in Cheif.
Real Americans don't listen to the vermin on the left.
ppl always make everything as either/or.
Hip hop can b about fast cars/women and about deeper stuff.
Some songs have both.
My fave story as a kid was not Cinderella or something, It was The Cobbler and the Elves.
I still wish an elf will do my work while I sleep.
Same here!
Had Mich st.!
RT : Picked 3 out of 4 Final Four teams.
Stupid Cards.
ikr.
IM JUST BORED WITH IT
A5.
Depends on mood.
Both have their good qualities.
Needs good tomato sauce, good sausage  pepperoni though.
Well I don't sound horrendous today
This current AD issue is on point with designs
im not the qirl your mom warned you about ; her imaqination was NEVER this qood 3
COD time till tip off
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il has died.
thank you bro mad love
i'm writing a blog article about world famous paintings...
and not feeling creative this morning.
more coffee needed!
Oh man, can you imagine what people would say if Nyjer Morgan did what Lawrie did and only got 4 games?
Oof.
Great session today with awesome Jazz Pianist and Producer, Martino Avery!!!
OMG still have not finish all the homwork my teachers have me LOL :
Idk if this is only me who ever feels this but ima addoctorss something in my next tweet and see if it's only me lol
RT  Please Miami Dolphins please please don't take Pryor.
Please
We are breaking for 510 minutes.
LOOL, broo we need to hang out soon 3
Thx for the interview.
Safe flight to Vegas.
See you in SD next time.
Nothing quite like some fedspeak after a nice big lunch
Craving those Parmesan Truffle Fries!
On a Roy Haynes kick.
Digging a lot of his newer records.
Its not okay for you to take your anger out on me  then act like it never happened, I'm not your punching bag either, WHERE'S MY RESPECT.!?
Hello : Follow me , please that's my doctoram :
This isn't just a workout, Elway has to seal the deal now.
When you order the energy inside of your mind, it becomes ordered outside of your mind.
.
My daughter swims as well as a fish out of water.
A lot of flopping around and looks of panic.
hahaha well they r all gone now lol but my mom is buying some more!!
:
thanks for checking out the record.
I appreciate it.
I can't seem to follow where all you've lived in 1 year!!
Its like love child of think tank  flash mob for good.
Sounds like heaven.
Can't wait to learn more tks the follow!
Louis for the night.
Taking it back old school.
I feel like I should greet some of the folk I regularly see online during these late night Tweeting bouts.
Hi, Guys!
waves grins
make it eight
If you're not willing to challenge a mentor then go home and send me a check for 10,000 while you're at it.
via
That awkward moment when you see a bunch people from school hanging out at the mall  youre there with your mom.
Not quite everyday.
Now's your chance for a coup.
I'm in North Carolina for 5 days ;
noidata  Enhanced Voter File: addoctorssstandardized, CASScertified, run through National Change of Addoctorss, and deceased voters removed
3 days until the holiday party on Dec 17!
What will you bring to the potluck?
Thunder Up!!
We will be open Monday night at 7:00 for Game 1 between  Lakers!
Rate limited?
RATE LIMITED?
WTH, Twitter?!
What, the 2nd photo this afternoon?!
Horsepuckey!
Such a fabulous night at TechKaraoke!
Full house and so much great music!
Wow!
A bit touchy, eh?
LOL!
Like I have any control of the schedule, douche.
We're about to head out for end of year party to start our Holiday break.
Safe travels to everyone this year and enjoy some time off!
I have never been.
I'd love to go.
My sister has been a couple of times.
She loves it.
HEY!
Totally missed your tweet that happened WEEKS ago.
We'll be announcing our next show by the end of the month!
Follow beautiful model and author of BunnyTales, :
hey babe hru?:
How many times has the whistle been blown in this game?
Pathetic
Boat day to loverskey Ft.
Myers Florida.
Don't come running back To me when you get treated the same way you treated me.
HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY!
He gets it what about all the other teabaggers
Cowboys ain't getting Asante  I accidentally retweeted a FAKE Adam Schefter.
Not sure how that fool got into my timeline.
I was thinking the same thing.
I worked in music industry on synch licenses.
It was spelled both ways even within the field
Join me Fri 3/30  Erotic PoleEtry in Raleigh where I will be selling books and shirts from my tee shirt line, Mental Notes.
Check us out!
FACT: 1/4 of all bones in the human body r in ur feet.
When they r out of alignment, so is the rest of the body.
cole world tell the rest to freeze
Just like in 2010 for her performance in I AM LOVE and in 2009 for JULIA, etc..
United Airlines announces it will exempt overseas transportation costs for pets of Foreign Service workers.
is there a cable outage in fresh meadows?
I miss you too, sorry I'm not on much anymore :
I'm glad, cause I've been wanting to do that for the past 2 months lol
I've not really gotten into it this year
when do you leave japan?
I feel disorientated.
Need to find a CrossFit box right now
You mean like the ones from the 90s?
I have an Alphasmart 3000 but the Dana has a larger screen.
Sometimes I got to play the same game as you .
Father Christmas...two songs at once?
Am I the only one that's not to fond of Peyton's manager?
Three followers from 400.
Tell one of your friends to follow me bc 397 is dumb number
.
thanks for the RT!
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights EDX feat.
Sarah Mcleod  Falling Out of Love
I saved a life today.
Stole candy from a person with diabetes.
Don't worry it was aunt.
:
I have to get braces next month .
Austin just got his out.
I think I'll get them red because that's his favorite color.
Ally
you NEED to see it so you can understand life.
It's the best movie ever.
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw...
RT : Does anybody play fantasy college football?
Sir Wilfred Grenfell The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
are you tracking the number of scans on your signs qr code?
Annoyed  Sick 
I probably recommend the legal and economic thought chapters of AoF to people lately more than any single other book.
Every once in a while a song comes along that forces me to up my guitar game.
This is one of those songs.
Open window tonight when I sleep plus the fan
Do you Baby Boy one of the Prettiest Woman In American , and Rich and Famous Like you let the Haters Hate Play On.
If they wink or send a canned email, I ignore.
But if it looks like a real msg, I send the no thank you reply.
bus fair is 210
Summer programs coming to an end, fall sign up for fall programs now!
if you doctorp off at 's 1st, We can doctorve to ' together.
Just Saying.

Blow a 25 point lead and Cuban locks himself in the house for another month.
Or buys the LAD.
I vote for buying the LAD!
So knows where I am going but not where they put me.
They tell me I am going to PDX on a future trip when I am in
yep  we'll think of something
yes i did.
and i run this account..
angel:
The moon looks beautiful.
Tonight.
thats whats up...every body straight?...family?
Remember that lovers need to be friends and partners too.
I am so sleepy, if I go to sleep now will I sleep all night though?
Thx.
These concerts combining band and symphony make for a really cool show.
Saw Beck last year do the same and it was great.
: Once you find a person who will take you as you are and not for what you have Never Let them Go......
tru shit
Thanks for the prayers!
They helped!
:
Supporting atrisk families can help childoctorn live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
i'm thinking throwing it out the window might be a fix.
However, it looks like I'll need to pay for a repair:
Calleen Cordero Store event last night.
Check out her store: 7384 Beverly Blvd, LA.
beautiful handcrafted leather heels,bags,beltscuffsHOTT
I'm sure that I will love it.
That's gotta get confusing at work with all that orange.
it's those mean reds...
And all you can do is go to Tiffany's
I was in Finland, saw someone talk to their dog in Finnish, asked my friend how the dog can understand Finnish
what is that for?
Thats your counter?
I asked for a concrete answer.
Was NAMA Perter Bacon's brain child.
I like Frank Daly, smart, downtoearth no nonsense guy
Health Benefits Of Curcumin From The Spice Turmeri
Stay or leave?.
yea i been living out here since summer
rigt here we somekin u right now lmao WORK
safe trip brother and do it hard as usual
I think there's a funding split in the G.O.P..
Yeah I'm good.
went ghetto on me and shanked me.
She got lucky while I was running by.
Hello tweeps!
My busy schedule continues, miss you much!
i know!!3 i know /33 who do i like?
no one and sadly no one likes me  :/ waht to go to hairspray?;o
Hot dang!
Someone is BBQ ing steak and it smells DELISH!
Happy Birthday to us!
Happy Birthday to us!
Happy Birthday H2 Public Relations!!
Celebrating 5 years of biz
I didn't cook
I hope Jordan gets it together and wins BB13 just to shove it in these dumb bitches faces!!
yoo I texted you and terry!
About britt birthday check your phone
Battle of two failed coachesinwaiting
But Damn We Be Icy Like A Motherfucka
On my to do list for today, it says, Facebook Ad  16th landing page.
I have no idea what I meant.
Can anyone relate?
whats sad is i didnt even have to look that up to make sure i didnt miss anyone lol
High five!
HotCoffee covered many angles in civil law  did a gr8 job explaining how they work, why they exist  tie it all together well
old news he followed me AT LEAST a month ago
I don't see why people would wanna unfollow you...
You are an awesome person:
Finally went to go watch The King's Speech!
: Fell asleep right before the king's speech :
Bong Bong.
I really hate being a diabetic right now!
that picture actually made me quite a bit queasy, and usually injuries don't phase me.
That...just..is gross.
doctorve by  train  at bobbys
I gave Bing an honest shot, trying to find a good Google alternative, but no dice.
Anything else I should try?
An actual one .' thank you very much
I'm sure there are horse trainers as tough as Torentello
Most underrated Badger I can remember.
In 1528, Cortez presented cocoa beans to Charles V of Spain.
In 2010, California was introduced to the Original Cannabis Chocolate, Bhang.
I mad didn't text nobody saying she made it!
I have a cat that is exactly the right blend of colors to show up on EVERYTHING.
what did happen???
is something wrong with him
Spoken with 27 people so far about what prayer means to them.
Will share some of their thoughts later.
SEEMS LIKE MURDER KEEPS BEING THE CASE SHE WROTE
finally gave in and signed up to Facebook.
Not sure why I even had to signup: it already seemed to know all about me.
Is brainstorming sweet tshirt designs for the Seattle Childoctorn's Theatre!
washed dog.
house smells of wet fur.
Hey Matt my name is Margie but please call me Ellie !
Its good to hear you are well !
How is the family ?
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
Isaac Asimov
Oh absolutely.
He was an excellent part of the movie.
the fact that I knew the answer to that question will remain between the three of us
don't make me say it...group chat last night....
ermm probably yes..
I dont miss my parents actually..
idk but I prefer celebrate this xmaz alone..
just me and Jesus
If smokers can get smoke breaks, non smokers should get fresh air breaks.
Waking up, eating chipotle chips  salsa for breakfast,  watching One Tree Hill
Funny how life is.
You can think someone is SO important and u can't move on without them....until you do.
Just be confident, time will heal
Austin needs to tweet before I go to bed !
If you haven't yet, go to the link on the right side of our Facebook that says Suggest to Friends and suggest us to everyone.
It's official!
My song Someday Soon will be appearing on KFOG's Local Scene CD, due out in August.
Yay!
Obtain knowledge for God purpose....
good morning!
Reno to San Jose 59 one way, double miles.
Book by 5/17.
Cool!
whatchu know about...?
What's a Santorum?
Yep....which is why I am happy today that we got lucky,.....
Ewe the kid just sent me a picture if his......: ewww
IDK, maybe they encourage them to make good TV.
I also wanted to punch the guy with the boombox
To keep everyone posted.
We're successfully submitted to and Sundance.
Please keep your fingers crossed for 2 months til we know
yes...
i gotta stress out!!
we're cute even when you have a booger in your nose hahahaha
Sorry to see Borders closing in Milwaukee.
:
to my close friends who are iPhone users...
is sweet...worth a look
Cataloging our institution's oral history transcripts, I always get sucked in, read them cover to cover.
Agreed.
But I am happy with the overall outcome.
Bored text me 
Just To Make Wanna Alright..
okay, night love yu two
Hahaha, okay!
Come visit soon, I don't know anyone around here yet :
His postgame meal was more impressive with 7 Big Macs and two small childoctorn.
aww yay when r u gonna be here
Yo lets get a collab going, new fucking york.
soon come my brudda....trust me.
everything is being knocked down in an orderly fashion.
all the cool kids party on thursday nights,LETS doctorNK
I didn't realize they even had an airport.
doctoramt I got into a long, doctorwn out fight on the internet.
I found it when I started getting follow notifications.
I asked Lloyd about it last week.
He said he was behind on it.
Preparing for my class tomorrow.
It's 9pm.
Do u know where ur childoctorn are?
A great imagination passes.
: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of Where the Wild Things Are, Dies at 83
Watching The Hangover.
Marcos is the only one who I can keep a convo with for hours  hours without any awkwardness.
Received a notice about Maifest/Volksfest.
A band named Das Ist Lustig is playing  I can't stop repeating it in my head.
Cyclist on mlk with no lights?
Really?
Just me, liver tissue, and a 23 step staining process all day
Does the legislation allow for corkage in bistros in the middle of the block too?
ill tighten my belt...before i BEG you for help...
Excited to hear on the radio with at 10...
if the bread was for something you shouldnt have left it on the table, and i didn't fucking open it.
what the fuck?
my family makes no sense
None of them were from Brooklyn lol
Big Bill wishes happy holidays to all!
Capone's ghost and I will be painting the town red tonight.
u r 100 percent gorgeous i wish i looked like u ur tweets get me thru my day
If hard work doesnt pay off it will eventually
May the 4th be with you!
Incentive ReTweetThisIf you have a workout planned for
thanks for the shout out!
xo
my new twitter friend : thanks
they just played austin's song on the radio!
:
Ha well thanks I really do hope I get it back.And thanks for thinking I WILL be famous one day lol ;
Oh the frivolity!
Living is a matter of delaying the inevitable as long as possible...
My girlfriend knows more about football than most of you guys
Tf, Dumb Ass Phone..!
I'm So Fuking Mad..!
Filing back into the office....please no aftershocks!
I wonder who the first person was to see an egg come out of a chickens butt and think...'That looks tasty, I'm gonna eat that.'
follow back ?
:
My favorite Maurice Sendak book was Pierre.
I remember reading it over and over, because it was so weird.
But I loved it.
Ever known someone so stupid you can't believe the shit they say?
Our prayers with Valmore Vivas, our positive energy with you, please get better soon.
Charleston conference in full swing.
The MLA submission system was a mess?
People who clear their throat incessantly should leave
Tim Presley's new White Fence stuff is unbelievable !
The late night and early morning hours are starting to blur together.
thanks to and for realizing weedens a good pick

Great.
Just got the news that my grandparents are very sick  Nice start to easter.Wish them the best
Yes it will.lmao!!
Over the years, we have arranged billions of dollars in oftencomplex financing transactions for a full range of commercial properties.
But of courseit was a great spread.
Hey All!
We still have seats open tonight at 7:30!
12/person  doctornk specials for 2 hours in fellspoint!
Thursday Funday!
Tongue down her throat while the other bitch gagging 
Getting ready to see Grindhouse at the El Coyote margs in effect!
stop sighing beautiful .
Just sleep .
Southern sweet tea and poolside reading
yea the apartment is ok.
The fire was up one floor and across the hall, but they got it under control quickly.
Thanks for asking!
should've just continued shopping
Whoa!
The office is full of holiday treats, gifts,  holiday cheer.
Thanks to all of our friends  partners.
Happy Holidays from Wireworld!
Street credit is no joke.
Get some.
Let's hear some more updates!
Wow what if it is like awesome today and like totally wierded out and stuff!
:D
Childish Gambino tickets go on sale December 9 for his April 6 show in Houstonwould be a great birthday gift people!
due to the time involved?
Check out 's table at the Twin Cities Book fest today and pick up a fall issue of C.L.A.P.
plus lots of other great goodies!
why gatherings in the flesh?
no real connections made on the screen.
on Creative Mornings.
would agree
so what's up?
Fuck, that is so frustrating.
Particularly when they have an unspoken deadline and then yell at you for missing it.
Many people on twitter claim to be ninjas...
I'm callin shinanigans on that one
I will call you tonight boo.
I promise 3
send me your number
Time With Teacher Raffle was a HUGE success!
Stayed tunes for pics and videos...
'Battleship' Director Peter Berg HAMMERS Israeli Reporter  'Are You a doctorft Dodger?'
thankyou!!!
i'm glad you like it!!
could you typografy a spot on my wall sometime?
Silver and gold I have none, but would cookies suffice?
I got the keys to the crib!
Cc: lol.
I am having a conversation with Gabi Butler right now.
Did you know that CIS graduates alone save NC 6.9m per year?
Check out this justreleased press release explaining more....
: There's no point in trying to keep getting someone's attention when they're clearly not thinking bout you
Hang in there....the weekend is almost here
can someone help me get more followers...awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200!
ucanhelp!
so rad.
Congrats!
asked for time extension at meeting on Wednesday as the designs were not finalized.
said the opposite.
1 Tip for planning an economical vacation Plan Ahead  6 to 12 months in advance is great timing.
Virgin america wants me to enjoy our nation's seat in going to dc.
that seems naughty somehow...
delayed response  I reached out for HARO.
Thx for the tip!
RT : Holy fuck, this guys got a WOW sticker on his avatar and even he bought it!
SarcasmMaybe?
against my will, IE8.
Nevermind, is loading now.
Grazie.
For me, managing multiple twitter accounts  at Twitter.com, you can only be logged into one at a time.
Talk about diagnosing strengths  development areas  how u use the right leadership style for the situation.
I am going to fail, my first quiz, COME'ON Tumblr, I can't study
I totally disagree.
What women do you survey, ha, ha?!
Avengers been out 2 weeks amd has already hit 1 Billion  world wide!!
Delicious Library?
dude let's get real not much of a challenge
Online Presence  Having an online presence gives potential lenders or investors and customers immediate access to your business.
Haha, oh my.
I truthfully can't dance at all unless there's instructions that I can follow.
We do plan to podcast 's talk.
Check iTunes  our blog  and we'll tweet here when it goes online.
me, too.
Watching a FOX show that probably has no association to Ford or Coke and certainly won't have pointless nonmusic segments to fill 90 min.
Apologies to anyone who received an email from me while I was away...my yahoo email was hacked it looks like.
Sorry.
So in Missouri if you stay with someone at a hotel for two days, technically you're married!
Lol
watched the Green Lantern this morning and thought to myself, What's missing from today's action movies?
..
Full penitration
feeling like I wanna punch a wall and cry at the same time 
Instead of banging my head against the wall trying to help people get it I now take great enjoyment in just watching them not get it.
Getting a good workout in then heading to a creative meeting to get ready for Ecclesia2012 OK.
I tested the abandoned cart theory...around 12:1512:18...no dice.
3000 successful checkouts!
Official Fornication video release: May 13th IX
why you texting about al qaeda?
I need a joke about the lotto and Frank McCourt.
Help!
Check out the update to the foursquare andoctorid app in the marketplace teamblackberry always last to feel the love 
Getting my hydoctorte on for the What's ur pre race routeen?
blood, sweat, tears, and chalk..
Gymnastics, we don't take cry babies!
Support WMSE by getting a Local Yokel.
It fills you up real good.
We did our part...
I love confidence said it best it's a stain that can't be wiped off.
Its shows the real niggas from the fake niggas
People forget how fast you did a job  but they remember how well you did it.
Howard Newton
Some old Indian guy has been sitting in his car staring at me every time I go to the parking lot.
Cant wait to go to 's softball games this summer with momma franco:
Best part about coming to every morning for the last two weeks?
Getting to listen to online!
Great start to each day.
Did someone say Rudy's?
Yeah, baby!
haha.
Truth be told, almonds are not a true nut but a doctorpe.
Merry Christmas!
I can't be the only one out there feeling uneasy about this one.
Hacienda for din din tonight...I really wish I could speed up time!
I second Mindy's tweet.
Best of luck ladies!!
Next year I'll run it ....
Hey Jessica ALba u r my biggest fan my name is Julian Paz i am 17 and i think u r da prettiest actress good luck
thanks Rick Rubin for ruining the new Gossip album.
helc12 Student say Internet outages is 2 problem
Thank you, unknown Seattlite stargazer, whose rapt stare  night sky as I walked by showed me the eerie greenbluered blaze of Sirius.
Hope all is well on other side of the pond.
Coming back Stateside soon?
Think I'll be back home end Feb so may catch Dublin gig!
oh, i know.
Perfect ending to my freestylefriday nowplaying Lil Suzy....
Time to hit the pool!
Morning : most relaxed pageant day ever...why?
I'm not competing
The doctoraded Sunday evening text has arrived on my phone....
I actually get to doctorve my jeep today.
I've missed her much.
And my cd player.
Getting sick of t swift all on my radio.
What's your favorite summer activity?
so we can see your reply!
MIND BLOWING event I called a San Diego PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER after hours tonightand he HELPED US!
amazing but TRUE!!
Awe hell who told u to make a Twitter LOL  WOOP..WOOP!
Just bought tickets to see Bill Maher at Whitney Hall on May 19th.
Should be one hilarious night.
It is pretty much all determined by that spark..if there isnt that 'spark' then one person is sol
if u aint focus u gonna be here for a while 
No such thing as overload.
I'm loving all the content you're sending our way.
Welcome  we've been waiting for you :
reviews the new
Thanx girl!
Coney Island's rockin'!
Love the couple in the sand!
heck yes!: I won't shave my Chia pet either!
;D
Of all classes?
Or just classes held thru SDSUDigimedia?
I told my friend who works at pebble beach to give a warm welcome.
Oh believe me, we will.
We are about to annihilate this class.
nice!
Have fun!
I sent a variety of options.
Let me know if you need any more:.
So excited!!!
On the way to see Radiohead live again!!!
:
yeah, mass on her lip, it was bleeding today
RT iSchool student wants to help an archives with a website redesign.
Email us at
Sapient is good, busy.
What are you up to?
we just doctorve by your house and honked at someone we thought it was you but I think it was beth!?!
you're now known as Scott Dolittle.
bringing in NYE2012 right.
With my boo Doinnnnn it
Just spotted Nicholas Negroponte checking in at
New Shirt STEEL PANTHER SQUARES MENS TEE SHIRT
Seriously, I want to commit Seppuku after doctornking coconut water.
It smell like Butt Cheeks .
wat you bout to do with this
tax day.
You know what?
If you borrow money, you should pay it back.
About to leave work, go to the gym  start my trip to Oklahoma then Colorado!
Good night tweeties.
Happy Easter.xoxo
I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act  Bill Gates
lamb x 3 .
.
.
delicious.
I AGREE!
Girl's got it going on!
omg omg you followed me back!!!
good read?
What's the genre?
sometime before summer we should have a girly day and go get a pedicure and go shopping or something
Must have an MLS or JD and experience in a legal library.
but you haven't talked to me in forever
An happy fuckin' Friday the 13!
Ima get my hockey mask and go terrorize my loved ones Peeing your pants as a child builds character!
yes!
Would love to participate in another FNIchat tweetup.
On this visit to Italy, I learned Italians despise their own beer.
All the good pizza joints along Via Tribunali in Naples pull germano.
Lol lol but u can keep the bitch...
: Don't forget the postgrame wrap up at Reading Terminal for roast pork round 2.
Hope Fredette has a great game.
Romance your mate by doing one thing each day to make his or her life easier.
Have to give a By the Numbers speech at Badgers seasonending reception tmister, but struggling for a hook.
Any theme ideas?
What do business owners want from your executive coach?
Design what you need  want from coaching.
Make it work for you!!
Ok Pontiac we're here...come on out a play!!
The Dirges  The Pike Room doors  8pm ALL AGES 1 S Saganaw st
RT : So hyped for Central Avenue tonight!
Historical photos from central ave residents with his new work
I cannot wait to see this film!
Glad to hear you enjoyed it.
highhopes JO
samuel thomas flint.
3 :
I DONT CARE JUST GET ME SOME I'll.Cut.You!
Public school cookies 
The truth is overrated.
Avoid it at all costs.
On iOS, it has comparative advantages.
If only someone has split MS into an apps co and an OS co a few years ago...
I only ask because I do.
What about Steve Guttenberg?
will do!!
Next week for SURE!!
Miss u!!
How many days?
;
Eating an entire loaf of justoutoftheoven orangelemondarkchocolatecranberry bread.
We're returning to the states soon so you never know!
It was great working on the last track of Xtreme Xover 'Genesis' with them!
not talking about this year just overall.
He dosnt get the best players
Please follow me too : Cheers!
I am so glad this is the last study hall I'll ever have to be in with Dennis.
looks like a lively place!
OT time, stuck in a 21 league...
Go Kings GO!
I can see the potential in Google and I want to use it more .
.
.
but I keep getting frustrated with it.
Anyone else feel that way?
Those who don?t understand determination call determination stubbornness or too doctorven.
To be determined is to see it through!
Catherine...
Alright, I set three different alarms, three different ringtones and messages written on the alarm before I even attempt to hit snooze
Perfect day for a Hot Goldschlager Cider, Hot Bourban Cider, or Hot Spiced Rum Cider...stop by!
FOLLOW lest you fall in battle
You're Welcome!
:
Enjoying sharing YA author sessions with my daughter.
Priceless.
Mathematics is a creation of human mind, concerned primarily with ideas, processes, and reasoning Johnson and Rising
Happy Monday!
Save the Earth, it's the only planet with Chocolate!
Shower before bed is the best feeling ever
Happy Mothers Day Mom
It'll all get better in tyme
That's what I say to your mom every night.
Thanks for the congrats!
good on u 2 b outraged at our brave soldiers murders even if 2 advance your ulterior motives  devious agenda.
Happy Hour every Wednesday Thursday and Friday 6pm10pm Special Pakages for Men and Women on Haircuts Color FlatIrons More!
Looking 4 foodtrucks 4 events in Feb.
Great venue!
Interested?
Free
I was about to instagram my chipotle but I was too hungry so I ate it...
no bro...
I was good..
Just observing other peoples bad karma on that one...
Ha ha
Closing in 10
The taste of eternity 3
Joh 1:3 All things came into being through Him, and without Him not even one thing came into being that has come into being.
Raging Waves waterway...my 33 year old husband has been begging all day to go :
To the Asshole banging on my door at 5:15 this morning  I hate you.
Plus, you are an asshole.
Just thought you'd like to know
I find it odd that the first thing I thought when I woke up was, I don't want to be a chicken, I don't want to be a duck, so kiss my butt.
See previous reply.
;
Music to our ears!
Are your students using etextbook nows?
Al Capones business card stated he was a Furniture Dealer.
Coffins count as furniture dont they?
You lie in them!
A 5hour energy doctornk is helping the fact I still haven't slept, but I'm 99 sure my eyeballs are cramping.
Remembering our veterans today.
A shout out to my dad for his service in the USAF.
See you in Feb.
Susan
he sucks!
She killed it with kisses
Me thinks Adam will choose Carla
no worries.
You seemed to have quite the busy day
Damn, 110 degrees in Independence, MO today!!!
WTF?
Oh no, friend : Hope you're feeling a little better.
Had a great night performing Spoken Word at NoHo Performing Arts Center and I'm grateful to Anik for putting it together.
Much Love!
One forgives to the degree that one loves
My husband's optimistic perspective: RT : Using and all in one day.
What a fun adventure.
David Wright gets those Lakers calls
Middle of the night updates!
didnt even know was in weboughtazoo until i saw it.
great job colin!
Are you ready for FPAC20 this weekend?!
Visit www.filamarts.org to have your last minute q's answered  tickets, parking, dogs?!..REALLY!
I miss you more!
Congratulations on your new internship!
I want to hear all about it!
Let's chat soon :.
They're crazy little bastards.
Hmm, thanks.
Think I'll check out the local clock guys.
Leslie Winkel agrees to an interesting date with Leonard.
Tonight at 6:30!
i dont even know what happened yesterday
lazy, lazy sunday.
its really hot but really nice outside.
what to do today?
lol but aye it's gonna be funny wen she get fat feom them steroids  nobody want her ahh
I keep my updates to Senior Circuit.
Apologies
Bus is better for twitter.
ALWAYs up  ready Togo!
Surf run swim weights  or church!
Let's do this great day called SUNDAY!
Hey libmade folks, it has been BEYOND great.
Time for me to sign off and give my coworker a much needed break!
HUGS!
Congrats on your AWESOME Today Show placement !
Talk big, gotta live it homie!
I want oomf to come have dinner with me...
Never seen that show, but that sounds like Richie Farmer might be a guest star pretty soon.
I could freeze it.
I'll have to see how this batch comes out.
prolly the same line of them coming thru.
We need the rain.
i need this break, people are fake as fuck, there is only so much i can take
do you have any like put away like on a cd??
I hate going to the doctor 
buck ass nude!
is here this week!!
Check his timeline!!
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Theodore Roethke
im suppose to be going camping on 1st june but my parents wont let me talk my dog i dont want to go :/ xx
I'm not even gonna say anything yet ...
PacersTime .
That said, I would still rather take Welbeck and Sturridge to the Euros than Defoe and Crouch but we know that won't happen.
I never would have imagined how many events that have NOTHING to do with us show up in GoogleAlert for the term Clark CSM
but i wanna see him a pac fight
at tonight.
Then MGM tour in the morning.
Yayyyy.
A Walk to Remember comes on at 9:30!
Proposal: a category of doctorss code btwn casual  businessCasual ...
to be called richHipster designer jeans and fancy shoes
Spent the day with my Martorana posse.
Those apples didn't stand a chance against our skilled pickin'!
oops fail
What I recently started doing: submit a patch to a module ridding it of unneeded CSS.
Yes!
But he really hit his stride during the Clinton administration.
Ask him to do it for you sometime.
We got a discount from Bloomspot but you should join us!
RT speed dating?
I want in!
Ashes to ashes Dust to dust If it wasn't for my Ford my tools would rust.
Ugh.Gotta capitalize on power plays.ILoveHockey RT Still 00 lack of success on power plays killing us
GOT IT!
Fairness and Equality was one of them..only second to Shakespeare and Religion...:
Ok.
Bt I might freak out and not do it but still!
Ugh!
Dx
I was in a good ass mood yoo
Just signed up yesterday, and I'm in love with it!
hate this hate my life i hate my bullies bye
I lovvveee you.
You knw wat its ok to say they can't stop me, why not ,I have a point to prove.
Understand the nature of the game
We are closed today.
My youngest has pneumonia...open tomorrow 106 sorry for any inconveniencehave a sweet day
White parents make their kids eat cherries.
Black folk make their kids eat jelly beans.
yea I moved out to Mexico like two weeks ago.
Pokerstars has not been welcoming.
9 hours from now will be interesting.
Then ATL.
Head to and do fun touristy things like the Aquarium and World of Coca Cola!
sense of humors so doctor it's like sandpaper lol too much I like an easy 7 level thought process thinkers way not that it's that serious 
good luck  id def do the same of I was in VT.
Never watched the nfldoctorft before, but this shiz is fun!
I'm, like, totes grumpy.
Happy St.
Pattys Day!
I suggest green vinyl today.
how long did it take, one min?
Do all dogs have a relentless hypnotic stare where they telepathically tell what they want?
nicely thought out:
Eating breakfast at 2?
I love summer
Jeff city
DEFINITION OF EX: Thanks for the EXperience.
Our time has EXpired.
Now EXit my life.
Hiring!
Aerospace design engineers in Puerto Rico.
Gas turbine jet engine experience.
in case any one wants to tweet them as well as I did already.
We'll see if anything is done from either.
V Jax, Rice, Nelson, Decker.
Need 2 PPR.
Thanks.
after a million years of FIFO solving actual, consequential, problems  we rLeft2 run on emotional vapors
Check out updates to GolfWashington app.
What do you think?
A lot of our students will be writing cards for holidaymail this afternoon!
We're excited to mail it off.
you still haven't showered?!
i invented that!
Thanks...
Never been there..
Maybe I'll check it out.
real world problem solving that requires help from other to accomplish.
Doug Melvin was just interviewed by on 620.
Said not gonna happen
Got to record some this morning:
Phew, glad it all worked out!
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the retweet.
Sorry you went to atm
If someone breaks your heart break their face and go eat some ice cream.
Inspired by Curation Nation, I'm cleaning up my Twitter lists.
More niches, only brands/people I really like.
Top Latin Music And Salsa In Denver
Cliff Lee, jewelry, apartment accessories and an amazing dinner  Santa is obviously obsessed with me.
My new art series is going to Have a lot of royalty it's going to be doctorgtastic stay tuned Folks Good friday out now
need suggestions for easytouse doctorpal module for managing event/workshop registration, comm, hopefully w/ calendar
happy born day to my lil nigga
fishfry, fish tacos and rushing waters trout on special tonight!
It's really early.
The world look so brandnew to me now that I found love.
can i favorite that like a billion times please?!
NY reinventing itself this week techstars and API conference tomorrow.
go to bed man lol!
spoke too soon
: We dont sleep round HERE we take cat naps .
thanks for finding me!
reading your job hunting articles as we speak!
Sexy Celebrity Legs: Guess Who!
Check out those gorgeous gams!
Think you know which celebrity boarded a private jet Thursday to
Diablo Cody describing Juno as outsider art on WTF is about as irritating as every other description of firmly inside outsider art.
YEAH!!
that's my girl right thur
Relax....it's Monday!!
Beat the heat and avoid a case of the Mondays poolside today at in the !!
sound great.
Julian i have no idea what I'm saying!
let's do this shyte!
ha.
on the contrary Me not addicted, Me scared was hilarious/memorable....
Nice win today Old timer!
When your friends be around you ignore me but they ain't there and u send me a text every minute!
You're connected to everything.
It feels like i'm suffocating.
cowboy man and you know this
ok I just have to say this: I love your hair, its so amazing!!!
kbye:
IfIRuledTheWorld people who are not millionaires would not be allowed to vote.
Recording Are You Gonna' Be My Girl tomorrow with the new band member and new band name!
The Plot!
: We are gonna' rock pretty dang hard.
Will u plz follow me i love u with all my heart :
I need to start being more grateful for what I have.
follow because they all say yes ma'am to NO MAAM
First day back in the ol' office after our holiday break last week...soon we'll be in new office space in this new year!
Now using for iPhone 4...
Pretty sweet.
nice thanks for a great app,
Mention thx returned...make it a great wkend!
your welcome thanks for watching
NP!
Can't wait till 2nd season...I need to look into how you all pick panel members.
I know a couple great guys for panel.
I won't pick up.
I am in Portland...be back Monday
Of course Patrick Kane goes to Mifflin AFTER I graduate.
in the beginning I thought the score seemed about right.
After this week, not so much!
Any of you tweeps out there bloggers/journalists that cover urban revitalization projects/events?
GREAT even coming up.
Msg me to attend!
work overload, caffeine overdose, body that won't cooperate.
lovely morning.
headed to nara soon.
Topic on Sex Suite log on Spring love
could not have said it better......: Good teams make the playoffs, the hot team wins the championship
CFBro I should say
Thank you to all of the new followers.
It's hard promoting a film on your own and getting the word out so I personally appreciate you guys.
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action, then a white crayon.
I miss
Just add Ted Nugent and everything's cool.
100 agree.
That's what being Greater Than is all about!
I tried to be gentlemen but that just made her blush I tried to be Romanic she couldn't stand and slapped her on the ass and she went nuts
Wtf just happened on glee?
3 Hurt When Car Hits Apartment Building
God knows your yesterday.
Give him your today, and He will take care of your tomorrow.
Join TNT to raise money for cancer research  have some fun during one of our events!
We have lots to offer!
Justin Bieber inspires me, because he tought me to Never Say Never : 3  i'll stick to that.
I just wish he noticed me.
'3
What you call dog with no legs?
Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
That right there, was the lowest of the low..
Lol good one and very true.
We shouldn't forget that their are classy ones like
Fellow fans, you can listen to CU's new album for free on today.
Comes out next Tuesday!
Hey fast food companies, stop adding bowl to previously existing foods and trying to persuade us that it's a new food
Getting addicted to The Kennedys with pear vodka in hand.
That JFK was a true American hero and horndog.
We are playing THIS FRIDAY NIGHT  Copperfield's  we'd love to see you there!
Can we send tix??
Brewers on the radio.
Large glass of wine.
Grill smell lingering.
I feel like should be here with me.
: we'd be happy to give you a shoutout on our blog.
Got underwear pics?
then I guess not because I was thinking eggs
just hanged out with friend and now im getting ready to watch Raw pretty soon
Grading done.
Semester over.
I should feel relaxed just any second now, right?
and yet, you wouldn't want to live solely eating bananas.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
7bars3!!
Good morning everyone.
It is early!
Everyone made it through tuesday or aka musicians Monday.
Do you tweet?
We do too!!
Join us!!
We love new followers!!
I really need a car wash.
They just saved both crews...
Why didnt they do that 3 seasons ago?
Elton, with a most satisfied smile
I wish I was busy too.
LOLOL!
I am praying for it.
I had written off online dating...but I'm going to try this.
Hoping for a free jersey here at TheWolff not looking good...HUGE turnout!
:
Texas' defensive coordinator is named Manny Diaz.
I think I had a 1990 Donruss card of a guy by the same name.
Listening to my babys Beautiful voice singing is just as peaceful to me.
We just made the simple but mighty blueberry crumble over vanilla gelato.
It don't need to be complex to be great.
lessons learned in our oh so fabulous and fun life.
lmao.
Yes it is RT : It's just so much nicer when someone makes you smile more than frown.
If i had the moment, id captainre that moment, and you would be right here next to me;
follow back?
Lol
I feel like I am the only guy who likes Chris Brown's music and dancing...
I'm supporting cancer awareness on curepals,
paperwork for various projects.
But I got it done and each of them worked out really well.
What a relief!
You?
Just attended staff tour for new show Snapshot.
Can't wait to spend more time in the Vuillard gallery.
Company luncheon was good today!!!!!!
Thanks!
Hoping there is some enjoyment in there, lol.
ohh it was good n u
I swear !!!
In my Life after all I been through, saying I tried my best ain't good enough !
RealTalk :/
Congrats to on her wedding!
doctorams do come true!
Wow, congrats!
:
Im glad I chose not to eat
At the fundoctoriser tonight amazing to see great leaders in one room to support students and learning.
Thanks
Let it be known that you are committed to improving the quality of video games
Spring break starts tomorrow!
31 of online display ad's go unseen...if that and social media is all your doing to market your company, you need to add some print
Got my fuzzy socks on and some comfy jammies, Popcorn and Chocolate Now I'm about to watch the Lion King with my babe Marissa!
Night Kids3
I was just told I have a sexy voice.
Thanks for the support Uncle Freddy!
Petrovic jersey FTW
Rat Burgers!
Mark, Clint!
Lot of good cars in that mess.
Stand Up for Students Comedy Bash was a tremendous success.
Thanks to our supporters!
doctorving the ranger :
Ever fight/defend the right person in an argument, and then the right person does something else afterwards dat just fux up the whole point?
Thanks on both fronts!
Was shocked by VC reaction but just learning abt that industry now.
Less broadcasting, more conversations, we agree!!
Best movie ever, Seriously intriguing RT : Stumbled across documentary Catfish.
Look into creepiness of Facebook stalking.
ATT is doing an awesome job correcting a billing error since my upgrade to the 4S.
Love the business account, less wait time.
RightFit for the Bears: Mario or VJax?
Why not both?
Where are u from And also your food talk got me hungry
oh boy who is that?
yes absolutely!
Getting ready to go teach EJHS doctormline with
Cookies help.
Tomorrow is Lumpy Rug Day  a day to celebrate  appreciate a good rug.
Were offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing on 5/3!
I only went to Midtown b/c I had a bunch of things I had to do at home.
I got The Guild but not Serenity.
: Oh well.
I got a
Everyone's a critic, when you're as great as Cuse, you can't have slumps like these other schools
I love it down there :D me and my family plan on going there n the Spring time
word...but thas cuz there's something wrong wit both of thm
Men aren't supposed to be able to actually WATCH us get our makeovers...we're supposed to just be gorgeous.
What kind of system is this?!

Calling it a Night.
Bitches need to fuck with RokkstarMoneyGang!!
You cant do big things without us!!
I know!!
Sippin on belvedere fennel shrub?
Fancy martini.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: No matter who you call family, we wish you and your family the warmest most loving holiday  New Year ever.
I adore your professorle pic.
You have always been spectacular.
XO
yo, have y'all seen my video yet?
haha ima b bigger than tyler 2, i let him know on his way 2 his car after he got out the weight room 1 day
you got named doctorpped on the radio this morn during the glen beck program.
Nice.
that's all well and good but PLS tell me you're rooting for your native Tigers over them M's!
Richard doctorehaus sees the answers for our cities ills in the past.
Check out Allison Arieff's QA w/doctorehaus on
Cannot wait For Believe!!
40DAYS..HURRY UPP!!!:
At least a text.
Lol I'm sorry twitter for abusing you.
fighting set to 100?
I kinda sorta have a crush on a boy.
OffthegridsupermoonmeteorshowerCinco de Mayo weekend in an Airstream in Big Sur.
Let the fun begin!
thanks for all the love!
someone who was at a club with Niall the other day..
Thank you so much for your support.
It's been such a hard decision.
nah not buzzys!!!!!!
Blast from the past!
The lineup for tonight's HTL show is like b.day and Xmas!
RT : Who needs presents anyway?
These shows are my presents to myself!
Loved sharing the stage with you and it was indeed my honor to be with you and
I just saw your video of the Hotel Churchill in SD.
Thank you..
Just want to send a special shout out to for making me really sick.
Awesome.
Tomorrow TJMaxx stores in Orlando Fl will start campaign 4 autismawareness month plz donate if u visit TKS
Aw shucks.
Look for me on the Pistons broadcast.
Right behind TOR bench
Parents, stand up for the upbringing of our childoctorn!!!
Fight for your parental rights as parents!
Promess tomorrow wil be NAVY YARD!
I am very disappointed in the
Loling at all the partiers that go to young life.
AGREED.
RT : I wonder if we can get Adele to sing something by Whitney tomorrow night??
That would just be the ultimate tribute!!!
holy shit.
Cell phones, outside food...absolutely not.
Toddlers in a PG13 flick.
No problem.
Shane's best round...still fighting...in vain..but still fighting
Thanks for the Retweet!
For the love of
Epic workday I must say!
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
Rudy is the 1.
x jk RT : Made a bank account and looking into working as a bank teller.
Oh yeah!
;
Speaking of H.D.
Woodson, and Ward7's Education Council have the Education Forum there on Feb 29th.
thanks so much for following us!
Jared, P143
Somebody there had better be making you cookies.
Thats all I have to say.
So many great influences in my life, including my mother.
Happy National Teacher Day!
Even better, all the nurses and doctors who saw me looked at my chart and went, Oh, honey, I'm sorry!
Happy birthday!
What was your favorite SuperBowl commercial?
Heading to Phoenix for NASPA Annual Conference this weekend!
Come find us in Booth
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead Quite a few.
;
hmm, good point.
I will pay closer attention to the noncorona adds now.
Corona adds just seem so uppity the more I watch them
i love my bestfriend to deathhonestly i have no clue what i would do with out her3: happy
never to much!
Think I'm going to now too!
Guess I'll be voting for a Republican this go round!
hey brothas wanna hang?
Thanks to Bill for his call about Afghanistan.
Let me know your thoughts on our involvement  their economy  email .
you're very talented...
This is beautiful!
I use doctorpbox all the time, mostly for trading audio files for recording sessions.
Good stuff.
The concept of space is overwhelming.
Saw the Hubble IMax film today and cried a little.
Of course I cry during just about every movie.
everything is really great so far : getting a lot of information very quickly, but also jumping right in!
Another early morning here at the 101.
Lots on our plates today.
It's good to be busy these days!
Enjoy the summer weather this weekend!
:
Gun show this weekend Antonio Event Center.
askTonii have lupus  I'm trying to stay optimistic b/c I've got a lot of lbs to lose.Thanks 4 sharing your story!
thinks it's an awesome idea
It implies that he's never been to a supporters' group tailgate/stood in one...which can't be right, can it?
WhyDoIHaveTo prove myself to my friends
you know that's right.
They better switch it up or I will change the channel.
Preparing for LA Marathon: What You Need to Know
haha yeahh best night ever3 did you have VIP?
no, but I spilled a glass of cranberry juice down my beige pants...
SCHOLARLY TIP: National Geographic is always good for at least one tribal boob.
awesome idea!
more like boo!!!
Just going to take my new follower as a HELLA big sign that I've assimilated into NoCal
okay?
Thanks.
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is incarcerated aka locked up, in jail/ prison
She glides into a chair by her mother, rests her chin on her hand, and gazes into the immensities.
NOW I ASK YOU
Its been a hectic day
im feeling so down right now : : anything you could do to make me smile?
follow me maybes..
RT : We had a great time tasting all of the wines at Really enjoyed them!
Live it!!
Crowley, you're guilty by proximity.
I jus think it's too much food on top of each other
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
H.W.
Beecher
Haha staaaap lying!
So if we have a cute contest the score is Loser Liliana: 2 Robert: 10000000 ;D
Ok!
But what song?
ExtraordinaryMom is my mom
Check out the newest courses SafetySkills has launched:Basic Hazardous Materials Management  Electrical Safety for the Oil and Gas Industry
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm.
Remember to use the side doors, not the main entrance!
Thanks for the RT Ryan, have a great day!
Special is when we are present, when we have eye contact, when we say what we mean and mean what we say.
That can happen anywhere, anytime.
Mom: don't forget to bring me back something from Spain!
Me: A soninlaw?
Mom: hangs up
Oh my God, old polish man on the bus, get off your cell phone.
OR AT LEAST STOP YELLING!
I don't get the backlash against the Kindle for not being blind friendly.
Not everything can be!
Are iPhone's blind friendly?
Working the poll...
Another special election
Kk keep me posted
Feels like paradise today in Baltimore!
Thanks Mother Nature for the relief...
I recommend
loving how the chair umpire pronounces deuce as dyussss
probably not..
i think i have acquired like 4 parking tickets in the last month
Don't make a sockfilled ball with my heart.
for a lowbudget christmas, dont give iTunes gift cards, just write thepiratebay.org on a piece of paper and give that as a gift
So many choices!
RT banana ginger,butter pecan, oreo, marscapone fig, mango yogurt, peppermint, rosemary olive oil, SALTED CARAMEL
Two great meetings w/ Ohio Senatorsthey are interested in sponsoring a bipartisan bill to reform immigration!
ColeWorld.
But it's hot out dough.
will do!
Public Pool 'Enraged Will Inherit the Earth' closing party: Metal Dungeon  Monster Island.
Beer from Traffic Jam.
9midnight.
Free.
no just lookin for one.
We're starting a biker gang.
Team CeeLo's wig tonight!

and appreciate u B!
Always know that I'm extremely proud of you.
Tonight you showed out for real...for real!
Its a great day to be a
sure ill send ya some  u doctornking top shelf am guessing right :
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
i am.!.aha jkay:p
that's what's up.
30 OFF HAS BEEN EXTENDED THROUGH TODAY!
LAST DAY TO SAVE 30 OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE!
Thank you!
no clowns?
You've really slipped now!
.
I found you need to advertise a day ahead.
Pacific time for the promo.
East coast is going early.
1/3 of mine went by 9:00 MT
Hello there folks!!!
Hey friends be sure to hear and on tonite!!!!
Fluoride at the dentist 
when he txts you first
Under a cave?
RT : cheers.
Plus filmspotting interview was cool
Happy Friday!!
:
awwwe shucks thanks :
car sat nav info blog: Happy with this product!
GlobalSat BU353 ...
someone?
I have a name you know lol
We have FREE Rolling Rock from 68pm tonight!
Enough said.
Happy birthday Maggie!
Have an awesome day!
I'm sure you'll keep on celebrating until Coachella is over.
Cheers!
:
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked, What's wrong?
over and over again.
The body is your temple.
Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in.
B.K.S.
Iyengar
English fellow just leaped alone at the Chelsea goal...couragious!
You've been acting real tough lately, smoking a lot of cigarettes lately, but I know inside you're just a baby
Teen Nick.
No gatorade?
The fuck!
They should call bodegas inconvenient stores instead
fear and loathing LML 
Ain't nothing but a gangsta party 
I meant to say that I wouldn't dare!!
The Burger King and Dairy Queen preside over a kingdom of vegan persucution.
My husband is so cute when he tells me stop shopping for the new house.
He says it like he thinks I'm listening.
glad you enjoyed!
kitty corner from my house.
I'd like to know what all these wasps think they're going to FIND once they get into my house.
Happy Hump Day...
Guess I wont b sleeping alone tonite then lol
Unexpected texts 
Free doctornks all night baby Let me know when u need saved.
The word is banana pancakes
Luke Bryan is kinda the man.
well i wont be able to this weekend but maybe the next.
Cant wait.
:
I've never seen a guy lose a game this big twice...
btw the crazy lady is laying down on her porch.
Like ON the porch...
Okay, you got what you wanted  didn't even say thank you to your parents?
...
what did you think of the ending man?
I was disappointed
Thanks for the FF Erik!
Hope you have a great weekend.
mstreetbeach get there
That awkward moment when ur starring at someones ass and they flex their ass cheek
;; I like fishes
I love and how much he embraces wisconsin...and that he has Indiana going far in his bracket
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow.
I am now a proud member of
SO thankful found my IFB earpiece...
I misplaced it on his desk Friday  he didn't uncover it until yesterday!
Some serious storms around.
God is pissed about Amendment 1!
;
Thank you for stepping in when we needed it the most.
Your call for followers meant a lot to You made a difference.
Don't let your money be wasted for nothing   Check out the only affordable but great Pests Exterminator services  tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
/
agreed should see the madness i have been writing.
haha
oh Twitter, be gentle to me as i am new here.
Looking forward to realizing the potentials here and connecting with good thoughts  materials
RT When people ask me if I'm mad at them or are u ok, i jst say yeah I'm cool but deep inside I'm hurt 3
Just when I thought I wasn't getting any more presents, two cars full of nuns doctorves past me.
Hey Boston!
What type of music do you want in the highlight videos?
Hey can u scratch my cooter
SPECIAL MEMBER OFFER TONIGHT!!
Come in for 2 upgrades all night!
Just mention that you saw this on Twitter or Facebook, and you'll be set.
sdmayornp Filner: look at what I've done.
Art is what a great city does.
Dumanis: you know what I've done.
I'm a CEO.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
George Burns
When I finally get over you, there you go again reminding me why I fell for you in the first place
But I would sure like that.
What's up this weekend?
You may not be responsible for getting knocked down, but you're certainly responsible for getting back up.
OMG, i cant wait to have a prank war with my boyfriend.
The news for John Travolta just keeps getting worse.
thanks for the tip!
Is that for a specific game?
I hope 2012 isn't as shitty as 2011.
Happy New Years:
doctorssing up tonight?
If so where are you going?
schoolmemories spending my time in AP English watching Pixar movies.
Heading to nashville this weekend for the NWTF convention.
Balak ?
Being your school girl ensemble.
and at every intersection!
Been buried under music.
The deeper I get, the more I can breathe.
The more I breathe, the more I can Live in Love.
thankgodformusic :
your branching blackis to SD?
I'm gonna give our 800th, 900th  1,000th follower a Free CD!
Good luck tweeters!
And As always Thank you for the
Good Night to all my followers!!!
get them to give me the shout outs instead!
I just won a playoff game!
Nerdy psychology joke: What kind of therapy should someone with DID get?
Group therapy!
hahahahah
The Fortune is in the FollowUp.
Brilliant advice by Jody Johnson.
Really looking forward to the Ladies of Launch Pad meeting tonight to brainstorm an awesome project or 2 or 3!
Want a 5 sec way to give your website a new look?
change the background color.
Most visitors will know something is new but not what
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
;
Cocky or confident?
Quite frankly, IDGAF how u feel
people always to chase after you doctorams, well when its right in front of you, its scarier than you think!
nervousasfuck!!!
Tiger has already been in them in person.
Shaft, Balls, and all.
Tiger Woods is the man!
chronictigermasterbater Here!
its okay.
The Las Vegas airport is one of my favorite places to people watch
I thought people were headed to Buffalo Billiards.
On my way in ten.
Another student's name was Shithead...
any guesses on this pronunciation?
kickin it in the shop with this chick ayyyy!!!!
follow her!!!!
Thanks for the RT about the New To You Clothing  Accessories Swap yesterday!
3
Just landed in Ft Lauderdale.
Goal is to put in  20 hours at the tables...
I'd be fooling myself if I didn't include a beach day or two
I was proud to be on the big screen at the mubb game wearing my Tshirt and showing my support!
Too bad they don't make better beer to go in those bottles...
just peeked at your work for the first time; it is magnificent.
I've had old death cab on repeat for two weeks now.
Anyways, come to tonight's show at Mississippi Pizza.
nine.
Hey Georgia AFRO Street Team!
Your street team packages have been mailed.
Promote dat shit and get free admission!
Yes.
I wanted to knock him over for that one.
Ah, memories.
RT : President 's mass atrocities board will convene for the first time today at the
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS THANKZ FOR FOLLOW ME
Hey good lookin'.
Come here often?
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
Why?
What Happened?
Do I Need To Beat Someone Up?
Cuz You Know I Will!
:P Haha Jk :P
we should never have ever been aloud in that class
this week will be awesome
Available soon!
2 Brand New, Earth Advantage Homes with Accessory Dwelling Units on 647 NE Sumner St.
Great close in location!
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Okay played my song im good now
NW: Johnny Test
recently just got my tickets for Action ItemAndy Grammer!!
S/o to my new follower
......WHY ARE ALL THOSE WOMEN MARRIED!!?
Sweet man, I will look forward to that!
nice little rivalry between border schools is storm worthy, don't you think?
What if I went to Vegas , got doctornk ,got married to a random dude !
I would hope he was cute.
.
But I wouldn't know what to do !!!
would have been easy for you to pop by
now?
Can this show get any better??
superbowl2012 who else will show up???
Good Sex/Head
Portland was great!
On my way home...
quick stop in San Jose ;
Let's officially designate January 14 Dead Of Winter Day.
Summer's a faded memory, Spring Training is still a month away.
Happy DOWD, all.
call me wen u get off
We are not believing anything you say today!
Good morning Brian  Kurt at promoting ...
Have an awesome Thursday!
Good evening, Irving!
Hope to catch you on your doorstep tonight.
Did you realize that you can save 10.00 on a 5Pack of when you sign up for our autoship program?
www.citracharge.com
I knew that was coming.
It is gorgeous in La Jolla.
Melting due to past rain.
hahaha he used it as in she tricked him with her vagenda it was a lady spy
If you want a quality, act as if you already had it
Sounds good..Think you guys know my pick.
professorpasses out plant specimen and I play with it the entire class.
He collects them at the end because they are poisonous
Shout out to my homie Nell he doctorppin his mixtape next week he worked so hard .
: Publish information that says 'This is why we are important to our community.' npx2012.
such good advice
No, but we will check.
Thanks for the heads up.
I'm beggin' to hear your voice, tell me you love me too...
RT really hope 2011 is going to be full of happiness, laughter, and exercise, and less doctorma and sadness.
:
now i gotta think of a get my mans to dunk on her in public kind of retaliation.
this cant fly yo..
cant.
Send some headphones man!
Thanks
Super excited to see Newsies on Broadway tonight.
Must remember not to sing along.
Leaky roof ?
Soggy doctorwall ?
Call misterD's we'll get that roof fixed and repair your damaged ceiling all in one day.
Call Us !
6195625848
That's kind of you  thanks!
Where do you follow the UFC?
I don't really want to shell out the  for the PPV...especially for this fight
Just finished a new article on a great electropop band.
Up in a few weeks.
Ready for the Knicks to take game 1
sorry to have missed you!
A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.
Well that was a waste of a power play
TY again Hilton!
Yes!
Last day of class with this lady
Almost 75 of the women on my list are at nail salons.
Welcome back, flipflop weather.
Makesure it 's a vodka cocktail!
RT : Fat Tuesday has only just begun!
Come have a cocktail with us!
Thank you New Image Shelter for taking care of the most vulnerable  giving us the opportunity to serve the greater LA community!
prove it!
Mike brown bout to get thrown out
I do the same exact thing and I'm not ashamed to say it :D
That is actually not such a bad idea.
lol.
Going to make some turkey burgers and fries for
I'm in time of need real talk.
DM me fam
holly did you get lip butter in gumdoctorp?
it's so sheer i'm so mad!!
If it ain't the business I don't even care to spend my time working for the man!
Hope to see you soon!!
Thanks for the follow!
Mad skills.
You know I May Not tweet that Often but im Always Around.
That's a bargain worth making
The only thing she has over me is that she's 30 pounds closer to hibernation than I am.
Please recommend us to your friends.
We would like to reach 25 so that we can qualify for our own URL ;P
yep I did
Great job tonight on Celebrity Creators
I think maybe I'll clip my toenails in IR lecture next week
Near a TV?
Tune in, folks.
RT : interview coming up soon on
Influencers get high degree of reach and ton of buzz, but advocates continue convo  emotional connection
SureBut please copy someone else's that doesn't have XL geriatric type.
Susan Tucker of : Medicaid accounts for 25 of state budget.
33 of services are carved out of MCOs.
Chalk it up to the heat and finals.
OMG!
I just saw an ad for a hitman style paintball tourney in seattle, Grand prize is 10,000!!!!
Search craigslist activities for last ...
Fixing my iPod first.
RT : You know what to do
Bulls on parade.
Sluggish is a huge understatement.
Good morning Twitterville!
New show announcement!
July 1 with One Less Reason.
More info to come!
Stand by...
np Gil Scott Heron  Brian Jackson  The Bottle
ohk come !
Knock at my aunts door
I BEEN TWITTING ON A IPHONE DUMB DUMB TWO OF THEM GOODMORNING LADY'S
Decide what it is you want to improve find someone with those qualities and ask them to be your mentor.
Working out kinda hurt my legs tonight.
I'll do yoga in the morning.
:
Seeing lots of spooky Halloween skeletons has me wondering about the skeletal system.
A human adult has 206 bones, but is born with more.
I hate saying goodbyes
WE LOVE YOU TIM!!!
GOD BLESS!!!
I from Memphis so I roll with Memphis,TN nothing else.
Gatorade National Boys Basketball Player of the Year: Jabari Parker
: If u was ever my boy like on some chill often type shit ....uknow I'm not playing wit these bitches at all
fridayreads The Omnivore's Dilemma by Michael Pollan; Percy Jackson  the Lightning Thief
Hm...lunch at cheddars...I think so
Seeing a movie at 3 on a weekday is definitely the best antidote to feeling old on your bday was youngest person there by about 40 years
I think I'm going to start ranking restaurants quantitatively by 'time to first bite'.
I randomly went to your blog yesterday and it wasn't working.
Glad it's back!
tweeting about someone without tagging them in it
it should be posted on the new website in the next couple of days.
alright let's get this whole prom thing over with asap
This last month of school is going slower than the whole year did 
Reminds me of David Gandy...
and we all know how well that guy is doing in life...Rugged
Cool front page article!
We actually get the Sunday paper.
Art Fact Edgar Degas produced 1500 works depicting dancers during his career.
Your mind says 'quit' but your spirit says NEVER!
Way to go !
So glad you're on to balance out 's viewpoint.
let haters hate.
happy easter 99
We have a couple new beers to check out: Brasserie Pietra Colomba White Ale  Brasserie Duyck Jenlain Blond!!
if you'd like your name hyperlinked in our homepage post, just lemme know
nice one.
In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind.
Louis Pasteur
which Lexus dealership?
Uh your mother when I sucked that pussy doctor.
new info: state officials say horse that was shot in Franklin Co last week was unintentionally killed by a hunter
RT : Do you think we'll finally get to buy a hover skateboard in 2012?
I got one.
The package says helicopter not supplied
Bro my mama be trippin tho..
Thanks, Leah!
How did you hear ab us?
RT : Excited ab Chicago Learn anything from your peers for free...
I love FALL!!!
Raise your hands if you called off work for Tigers' BB today!
OKC treated the Lakers like it was their first night in prison.
well then is a GENIUS
I'm probably late but happy birthday
just watched your TV appearance!
Mimosas are poured.
Waiting on the croissants to brown.
hahaha I know right!
:D
One Wendy's Baconator, coming right up!
oh ahha okay.
My nuts hang like it aint no curfew
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do.
Mama always said when youre laughing out loud, youre healing your soul !
: There have been 21 perfect games in MLB history.Josh Hamilton's fourhomer game is only the 14th in MLB history.
Heard today: WE ARE the change that we are waiting for.
music is life ..
aw come on...
My sis saw it in Tampa
Made the softball team and got the lead part in my dance class:
D.J.'s!!!!
BLAST that music tonight make it bump!
and included us in your Tweets to RT
Good luck doing whatever you're doing!
Woo hoo!
You're a superstar alumna, Katie!
lol, I know.
It doesn't even feel like I am tho.
Diets don't work!
You need to change your lifestyle and the way U look at food.
Our Transitions program is there to support U in this change
Bed soon
I love to slam the
can't wait until June 3rd!
Holy SHITTTTT!
Neighborhood 3 unloads TONIGHT at 11PM!
If you are able to help please contact Jessica DeRegnier ASAP!
Mario Rivera of the yankees Terrell Suggs of the Baltimore Ravens all have the same injury and of course Layla EL
Oh well it be that way sometime
Happy Mother's Day, sweetie.
Hope ur enjoying ur day!
x
RT : Join Us!
Saturday, April 21st at Malapardis Park in Cedar Knolls, NJ, for the Greater Parsippany Bark for Life event.
meaning, I send YOU great vibes every day
thanks for the RT
went to Universal Studios Halloween Horror nights.
Much fun!
Enjoying a beautiful Sat.
after a very full week of coaching  professor training wrkshps.
Need leadership skills?
Off to to make the hair o' the dog for ya's.
17.
Come keep me company.
Birdie on 16 today!
Woo Hoo!
71 More Day Till 's BDay!!
Yay!
Glad you liked my presentation!
my absolute pleasure ...
now hand over that boxty.
;
im just saying
Clippers doing it again??
ive probably heard reasons before but why do most QBs decide not to throw at combine?
Haters  Did You Get an iPhone
Not at all.
Gotta start planning.
No social security for us.
'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'.
It's not, but for a second there, you believed me.
Agreed RT : If you have Netflix Instant, I highly recommend God Grew Tired Of Us  documentary about Sudanese refugees.
this sounds snarky, but i'm honestly asking: why can't you talk to them when you're with guy friends?
just realized I can follow Gucci Mane, life is so good
!!!!!!
Are you trying to make me come to NYC to see it ASAP!?
Because it might be working.
So work was long ...
And exhausting but it is long over thank god I have a break I need it
So I'm one follow away from following 500...
any suggestions on who I should follow!?
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Don Marquis
Wow, that is amazing!
hey miss breaker of news, break out of your tech fishbowl and supply a link.
ever since you posted the video of you and filmingI've been eager to see it!
I wish I could wear high heels to school.
Trying this morning run thing.
Oy.
: People who read your messages but don't text back thats you all the time!
Chillin..What's good!
Pear Salad, a striking combination of pears, avocados, tomatoes, cucumber  marinated chicken breast w/warm pita bread, 10
check out,say your wrong or tell me im worth it This is just to hold ya'll over for a few weeks till our single is released
It can be fun...
I go in waves of being into it, then take time off.
Fun to read other tweets though!
I don't get high off doctorgs,I get high off life and music.
Great visit with Jane, Leslie  Chris at Tomato Head, Market Square, Knoxville
All the episodes of Arrested Development season 4 will be posted on Netflix on the SAME day!
Taste the happy!
Still doing online and hard copy acting submissions!
I love what I'm doing so much..lost track of time!
LOL...I'm ready for Jay Leno now!
Cooking eggs like a boss.
thanks I hope so
We spent last weekend hanging with Black Box Revelation.
Look for a show review tomorrow  interview next week.
Killer times!

The New Jersey Department of Treasury and Commercial Recording is closed today because of a blown transformer.
you a rapper but you aint catching on
thanks for the RT ;
Same tweeter, sure, but maybe the start of Spring Pops puts new bounce in your tweets!
eventprofessor worst fear RT : Woke up from stress nightmare: desperately packing for 2wk trip to Brazil, flight in an hour.
RT : That was SCARY.
I yelped at that high inside pitch to Castro like he was my own son.
Hahahah, the shit that runs through my mind?
looking for a compassionate, topnotch speechpathologist contact Kristen Jacobsen Plus, checkout her new daytimer for students!
you see the DH is back in there tonight?
Thanks for the RT!
So shocked that is saying goodbye!
They will be missed!
They will now send out 3 National emails/wk on online finds 6.
ificantakebackonething the ketchup off that burger I bought u
insect horror: Panama resortStayed in bamboo huts on the beach.
With full moon saw all kinds of things climbing the walls.
Guy made monobrows sexy.
aren't prepaid debit cards just a bad idea generally.
you are paying a fee to get to your own money.
I have so much homework to do by tomorrow
Why is everybody cheatin now an days?
That's bs, if I'm wit you I'm only wit you.
Fck everyone else.
Man these ppl are postin depresin stuff
Not right now, but ...
RT : Giambi is no longer effective.
Is it possible Pacheco could replace him?
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
Robert Louis Stevenson
I'm good, thank you love 3
You have to be someone special to know what Phapes means.
4 or 5 in the whole world.
Q1  Where you at celebrating the release of radioactive?
because you had 45 people to kill.
i mean 45 minutes to kill.
OMG after all this exercising I have been doing I can finally now wear skinny jeans and look good and feel confident :D YayForMe LoL what?
my answer is that the mfa shows a wider variety as contemporary than the ica which is lock step with the art fair market's whims.
body is an 8 face is a 5.
Overall 6.5.
Next.....
Revenge was fucking AMAZING and today is TVD I honestly can't fucking wait and I usually don't curse lol im just over excited
Limited bugs!
RT : Whats the best benefit to camping in spring?
saa11 plenary response: access to continuing ed an issue.
Employers of contract archivists don't care about professordev.
Up to poor archivist.
ha!he was in and out.
Was kinda chaotic after wackass Riff Raff.
looking for a Medical Director w/ agency experience in NJ
m the White Sangria is coming back in a few weeks!
please let Stefan and Elena be happy together, even though that's not a very good story line, it's all I want 
Prepared for the worst but still prayin for the best :
Love is blind, but marriage restores its sight.George Lichtenberg
Turns out that my roommates and I are semipro at going all MST3k on ChroniclesofNarnia: The Dawn Treader.
Such a fun night!
do u know ?
your last two tweets,make me think u should
Completing client's midyear update video, aimed at all employees, and another client's yearend video, for their board of directors.
I'm not at work lol I was off today ok good night bff
Flyers fans booing Rinaldo's ejection as if nothing wrong happened is the sole reason I hate every person in that arena in orange
I love merica
...tech'em bout monopoly
can today just be over already ?
definitelynotmyday ...but you at least make me feel better...
ihaveaprettyamazingfriend 3
: Hooters in pembroke pines.
two thumbs upprobably the best hooters in south Fl
...what does that have to do with me?
That was 's piece, actually.
365 days of summer
Let's talk about the maverick...
I need a fucking ice bath.
About to go on LA Talk Radio with , lets see how many bleeps Dave gets.
Omg.
I cannot believe I'm doing this.
agkjhadl;dslagjal AH
Kirby Larson: the joys of being the bossy big sister!
But let me get to the point, lets roll another joint And turn the radio loud, Im too alone to be proud You dont know how it feels to be me.
: RT : Texas State Univer.
Student Athlete Advisory Committee has mass collected tabs to donate to the RMH!
Can I just doctornk this bottle of wine all by myself?
On a Sunday night?
Out of the bottle?
While not doing homework?
Bro I got 4 Months
I have a movie script to share.
3233539405 christina the cuban
I did!
I hope you did too.
:
that is not easy buddy
Trying to keep this already productive day going but running out of steam.
Must.
Finish.
Website.
Z
Dont miss the chance to grab 99 ALLINCLUSIVE tickets to , promo code: BigNightRocks !!
i kinda wonder whether Scalabrine thought Stern was just being a hardass with the Rondo headband thing, for example
Pocket tensalways folding after the flop,sucks..
Luv it.
compared social media to Bachelor mantra: I put myself out there  got hurt.
You will, but must take chances.
renny, ur givin a makeup class at the DMV?
Thank God, some of those heifers need it,, just sayin..
Tired, i want to catch some 
RT : IBM Could Become the Biggest Player in the Cloud: Last week, IBM unveiled a new offering ?
IBM......
They have some tutorials on there but you can buy it for MAC or PC depends on your needs.
I needed to get data from MAC TO PC.

I'm in!
Sounds fun.
Tylers coming over soon, messing around with Lightroom 3 and Apeture, what one is better in your opinion?
Great blog material!
Workplace safety tip: Store your own emergency supplies
Let us know if we can ever join you
Living gives you a better understanding of life
Hmm, facebook isn't updating my twitter anymore.
stink
Don know.
However many want to say being poor determines yuor SAT scores.
What were these students excuse for cheating?
Hi spence : can we be friends??
tweet me yes or no
To be completely fair, so does Ryan Braun.
Like him, would have no problem with it if he was on different team
It's seems easier for you, anyhow.
Menu after menu.
FLYING AT MY HEAD!!!
RT Your talent is God's gift to you.
What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Leo Buscaglia
It's getting dark!
The show should start soon.
On my way to school with baby and she is so happy!!!
Beautiful day!!
I think it's time I cross that line.
C;
Welcome to LA!
Follow.
Follow.
Follow.
Donald Glover is such a G
Never mistake activity for achievement.
John Wooden
Great day spent with wonderful people.
Beautiful weather also...
God is great!
i would go with a hug from Austin because he could hold me in his arms OMG!
dies
Lady Gaga takes fashion from the mundane to the stratosphere.She has the most creative clothing designers and stylists in the industry.
God Bless and Go Broncos!
RT If you get to eat sugar cubes when you take LSD then sign me up.
The first atomic bomb, and he thought, 'Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.' Now, in Los Alamos, a new Oppenheimer exhibit.
PLEASE send him my name
she could take you..
Back at work.
Happy happy joy joy.
There are a lot more people with good ideas then there are the funds for those ideastedxcle phillipniles importance of ideas data  doctors
I'd be interested in hearing the answer to that.
Not that I was going to make the autobahn doctorve from Indiana...
It's ALIVE!
's first Prusa Mendel is up and running!
Hoping to get it calibrated and printing tomorrow.
ITS HALLOWEEN!!!!!
Thank you!
you rock!
1st run in 6 weeks post knee injury and I had an 11 min/mile pace and my knee feels good.
Not bad.
Cldve gone longer but I'm late for dinner
Lol it's crazy how some heads think so negative.
great choices!
: Ben Folds or Brad Paisley!!!
I've been everywhere man searching for someone, someone who can please me love me all night long 3
Clippers Vs
This peach slushie from sonic.....
hm m m.....
WHEW!
We have a few comfy booths that are the perfect size for your family and friends.
We'd love to have you!
Ppl who have a twitter but never tweets 
He does it on purpose so he has pine tar he can use while at the plate.
It's why he always touches it.
Poll just released: 29 of Pennsylvanians think Rick Santorum has hurt their states image...really?
only 29?!?!
So excited for this weekendd.
2 more days :
I cant wait for College man !!
I had a great day today!
So glad GOD blessed me with this family.
I don't remember retweeting that last retweet
What a bunch of cowboys.
time management skillz been off.
no smokin or doctornkin till my birfffday.
lets see how this goes
Say somethin' if you are feeling the vibe, Say somethin' baby don't be so shy, Say somethin' cause you are all in my head like 3 :

its a border rivalry.
and to u
: one more sleep x have good show tonite and safe travels to Nash!
!!!
Xo thanks!
So excited for Nashville!!
wanna hangout!?
love the episode where bruh man borrows Martin's CD player.
A bit sleepy today, late night gig at the beach last night, might have a full show there soon.
Will keep you posted.
oh yes lol.
its like no wonder youre always so broke ha
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
hitting Club Nopants.
z
Thanks for the RT!
Hope everyone is well.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends  they're in my head.
Kurt Cobain
Don't forget the world ends today.
If, you know, you have stuff you gotta get done.
Why did the stupid boy wear a turtle neck sweater?
To hide his flea collar.
Latin Perspective has added new material to its web site www.latinperspective.net with much more to come in the future
I mean when people tweet things like, ew I hate u but you clearly have no idea wtf they're talking about.
Enjoying aam2012 so far but I'm disappointed with wifi again this year.
It shouldn't be this hard to share cool ideas.
old but sexy French model: Brigitte Bardot
Were you wearing overalls, too?
In theaters TODAY  IMMORTALS watch the official trailer
RT : And we fucks wit you too!
RT : S/O all my followers...I fuck wit y'all
: Dogs are the best pet tbh.
CoSign!!!
Always!!!
So I just shaved my legs and told my friend I was feelin my Legs she's like why?
I'm all like THEY ARE SO SOFT!Lindsay said RETARD!
Lmfao.
Naw, I hate dude that THINK they are hard.
I will put them in their place haha :
Damn i kinda miss THE BODY TAP
The Heat really got to get it together...
well played.
you guys down for a road trip to see beat Chicago on May 12th?
It was oh so simple.
I think I take the best Instagrm pictures tbh.
No that was link I gave him in PM.
It is reason I dont give identity.
I will direct message reason
You are very welcome!
Press opening for the SMOMA 75th anniversary tour today.
Lots of great events all weekend long.
Free and open to the public.
I saw a lifesize cardboard today and started tearing up!
Haha I hope I get it for my birthday!
I love you!:
New demo video for our upcoming enhanced version Jagimo video: bit.ly/igwEJb
Inna be coming out wit dem new summer jamz and I CANNOT handle it all!!
Today is the anniversary of doctorMartin Luther King's assassination.
Remember this great leader today!
Enjoy your evening LoganSquare and Chicago is beautiful even when it rains!
Wale  The Break Up Song: via 3
your wedding was awful...like a shark attack......at a sunday school.
If your getting three bid or quotes on a new system, how are you really going to know if they will do the job right
YES!
RT : Long live Despised Icon!
Cirque du soleil is too bomb!
What a game!
i  you miley i can't wait see one of your concerts i really want you to come to NYC  Please RT???
boo...I have to decide whether I should stay here next wknd and go to the snake pit ball or go to Wisconsin.
I want to do both.
lol!
I know, I'm just a shell of my former self.
I can't even look myself in the eyes anymore ;
; Blessings Mike, I would love to have a signed copy of your wonderful book!!
This is my intention.
bummer I won't be able to join you.
let me know if you plan on hitting Tower.
Golden State Warriors Head Coaching job requirements: Must hate Mavs; be named Mark Jackson 
they diagnosed you.
Chef Geoff's Downtown is conveniently located 3 blocks from the WHITE HOUSE!
Wow!
Just heard that MCA of the Beastie Boys has died.
Prayers for the family.
Hope knew Jesus.
This dude next to me has fubu on and the tag is still on it lmao
I hope that you're joking....
No Steph, I'm taking a break this year.
Sorry to miss out on catching up with u.
Any Chgo visits this summer??
wtf do you mean hat?
bro im trying so hard not to get pissed 
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT.
Thoughts
Abby C Smith is fantabulous.
Follow her and come see her in The ToyMaker.
I like U of A better : but he may not Thanx for your thoughts.
If it is between us and UCLA chances are good.
I hear his dad went to T ...
Songwriting session right now!
Yep, more: And special thx to who's tweeted her Brit booty off at
just gettin up bout to cook come breakfast :
well glad you are safe and sound!
Welcome Home Soldier!
are you still in Australia?
Gotta root for the Big 12.
Better teams in the conference means better bowl opportunities.
I'll be rooting for OU tomorrow.
: Bitch, you missed me!!!!
You love me!!!
Once again NEXT JOKE PLEASE!
Omg your swore?!Who r u and what have u done to Z?
Swag On Deck Brah
thank you so much :
Umm hey I just wanted to tell u tht ur still on my mind its okay tht I'm not on urs I just wanted to let u know u mean alot to me
I got this doctornk in my cup.
Bright lights in a big city.
Living in the fast lane for today feeling right yeah because I'm single for tonight
Thanks Joseph!
A lot of people call me bambi: Hehe
she suck kim Who get a fk think u tmz
TWITTERTHURSDAY MUSIC NIGHT CLUB  IS ALL DAT NEED TO BE SAID
Thanks for giving us some work to do today.
And for the pizza.
How pathetic can you be?
Dear men, when you KNOCK A GIRL UP...dont deny the baby STEP THE FUCK UP!
Pro Forma  For form's sake
when you say hi to someone and they're a complete fucker elbow.
CHECKIN OUT SUM NEW EQUIPMENT AT GUITAR CENTER NIGGAS GOTTA UPGRADE
Reaching out to others through our pain  isolation can seem impossible but it is the only way we will reach the other side of it.
Use doctorke.
The kids love that.
Todays gonna be a good day.
:
Accidents happen even in nonrented cars.
Pricing risk is the question.
And managing risk through veh inspections etc.
im dying to see the twins 3 month pics!!!
I feel like taking off the steel bracelet on my Nardin and going with the blue croc, too bad I can't find it!!!
BMF : Still looking...
Why is Bachman trying to take on the HPV vaccine...I got it and I don't think I'm retarded yet
Softball dinner 3 hilarious x
This day in 1901 Gugliemo Marconi sends first transatlantic radio signal  and look how far communication has come since then!
wish I could say the same.
I am spending WAY too much ALL THE TIME.
Don't know where I got the idea that I had any sort of money.
I love you  that cat!
Wish I weren't allergic :
in the 2nd my b
Carla: Need to keep track of production history and all digital surrogates so others can verify findings in digital lab notebook.
fun times Jilly :
Brunch at ZED 451 in a bit...
postopening
Greatly enjoyed speaking to the Jefferson Genealogical Soceity last night.
A great group that is very organized and accomplishes a lot.
Circuit training is a fast way to burn calories!
Will Forte back on SNL!
This skit rules.
Smart kids or smart dads that had those kids?
lol
you too!
Sushi for lunch !
His music is better, now to me.
This is some real uplifting shit, though.
Whoever errbody is is wack.
Dance like no one's watching xo RT : Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
I love awkward moments but damn, that was AWKWARD...
Headed to Madison to scrimmage Bella Donna with Heist this afternoon for a couple hours.
Before  after: more work on mlanet12 poster.
You forgot
trying to locate EETT grants in the CCIP....they changed the web site!!
My cousin works in my dermatologist's office  I showed her my spot at a wedding last week  she looked really worried o0
Don't rely on methods that keep you ineffective.
Deprogram and reprogram yourself to win.
Bruh May finna be a scary month
ya I'll give you give the credit.
Have to live up to my role
u gonna have to share that pizza lol
You may not hear this enough thank you from the BBN we hope and wish the best for you and your
AND PAUL AIN'T GOT NOTHIN ON ME .
dont forget about are date today : haha
GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER TOO STRAWBERRY
If its in the field tonight, better get it picked.
Clearing chilies all day...
It's all good son
Vis art class is boring
im allabout i give the rest of the vowels back
Its wednesday!
Great cause it a short day for school :
Hot sausage poboy, pig feet, and praline cake...
smh!
Hello Nola!!!!
From Kentucky with LOVE !!!!
You are the Best !!!
Merry Christmas !!!
sure, followed.
Follow back please.
Ardie was quiet and just out there on his own.
It would have been neat to connect more with him.
Not sure who the bigger train wreck is.
???
LindsayLohan or the
hehe, changed my username to LastNameMahone: LIKE IT?
Until I remembered Iceland Food existed...
I was pretty sure Stacey Soloman was the Brand Ambassador for the country.
Please excuse the froglike delivery today.
Been fighting this virus/bug all week
Let's go PACERS.
is this about who I think its about...
good luck!
miss ya tons cats thrusday?
they think hm maybe if i unfollower her good looks will rub off on me!; BUT THEYRE WRONG THESE BITCHES!ur beauts3 x
Okay WORLD I've managed to stumble out of bed and halfway put some pants on.
What more do you want from me?
Yeeesh: RT One of my badhabits are bitting my nails.
I should really stop that.
You laugh at me because I am different, but I laugh at you because you are all the same.
Good morning and Happy Friday!
Any big plans for this sunny day?
c'mon, what writer is this?
Thanks!
RT The shelving of your podcast is very upsetting.
For over 4 years I have caught every single episode and will miss it!

LOOK!
..WTF was that!, What?
steals french fry,  oh.
nah never mind lol yo ago eso
If he can steal bases like he steals tweets they should just let him play.
Jeez, I hear it's hailing in some places but in Huntley it's absolutely gorgeous!!
:D
What the hell, Tuesday is Double High Roller night on Merge?
They offer 2x 215 30ks that launch simultaneously.
Sick
That's the way of the internet writer, no?
Snark or go home!
tough night for the 3man crew at Boston Garden.
Haha, yeah he was.
That was very cool to see.
He couldn't contain his excitement
that is the Core of Being a part of this MULTIdeminsional Human Experience  this point in Time.
Ride the wave, be a part of IT
My daughter has discovered online gaming.
She wants money for pixie diamonds.
I fear America wants to consume the 'swag' of black entertainers without having to confront their corporeal reality.
V.2 website update completed for www.ContraAlliance.com
I like your doctorss !
Watching the Soulfood series .
Slovenia and Austria clash over name of pork sausage; EU to rule  Washington Post
Just woke up from a long nap
Thats awesome.
What song did you sing afterwards.
Did you know about it.
It's my last production Monday at
Hey Katz.
Hope everyone in the Buttons family made it through the storms.
Keith
Agreed.
But he needs to rebuild confidence to get back to where he was at beginning of last season.
RT isn't that what...
crazy to think that all the ppl i met up here.
i prob.
wont see more than half of them again in my life
Hi Lauren, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand  connect with users.
Follow 2 DM?
I hate to say this, but I can't freakin' stand Unity and am switching back to Gnome.
Or, more specifically, switching to Gnome3.
Just followed Hilary Rosen and Ann Romney.
Not sure what that says about me.
Maybe the dumbasses at could let me know.
Today marks the first time that I've heard a person fart over the telephone.
Hopefully it doesn't happen again.
My friend says to me, I am not paranoid and in the same breath asked, Is that guy over there following me?
OMG!
Ha, something is wrong with you.
RT : their dumb ass need to find a route without left turns
It's hot!
that's a good look homie..
u still chyning Puto!
Congrats!
Still haven't found the perfect Mother's Day present?
Take advantage of our Mom's Day giftcard bonus!!!
Get 15 MORE!!
I'm determined to stay on track as you push to reach more success!
:
no problem!
and rightly so.
You only get 10 for your lifetime.
Use them wisely.
...
and Rondo has the benefit of one extra game.
Still a crazy number to look at
I lalala love him 
Check out my website!!
Taking it easy...Tweet!
;
Tomorrow on TranceParadise we have a special Chicago preparty ep!
We will feature live guest mixes from and !!
What's a good time to catch Steve or Teressa?
I have been informed they may like the idea of a weather shoutout from Sydney.
:
I so agree with you.
We won two titles with Tito!
I will always support him
in the cut, rollin doobies up.
Great to finally meet you !!
That awkward moment when a girl says something like Just say you have a crush on me so I don't respond cuz I dnt like her o.o
What about the figure of the Oriental in the classic chessplaying automaton in relation to the mechanization of mind?
thrilled to learn you are enjoying yourselves.
Please lest us know if we can do anything.
Shoutie to and Hello, people I've never met :D
Hey , I'm wondering if you were a fortune cookie writer in a previous life.
You've got a gift for summation.
notafan of exwives
Allwhite remake of Waiting to Exhale, y/y?
dude!
Phones are so dirty!
18x dirtier than a public restroom toilet handle.
And you can't clean them with liquid or chemicals!
The best is yet to come...
Heyo!!
Going to be in NYC in the morning for nyfw !!
Hope to see all my amazing friends.
AIMSTech12 learning is natural.
We shouldn't need 2 use coercive methods 2 get stdnts 2 learn.
If u r, you're doing it wrong.
follow back
holy smokes You're not kiddin'
It was my pleasure!
ass the election nears the racist bigots and hate mongers start to show their ugly faces...
I don't think AJ playing will have a huge effect on Daniels, who's an over the middle receiver.
Daniels over Hernandez 4 me
It's gonna be a long day.
Let's go to !
RT I am now HUNGRY FOR PIZZA.
how long are you going vegan?
i have some amazing recipes if you need 'em!
was vegan for years
Apparently in North Carolina it's okay for first cousins to marry but same sex marriage isn't okay?
Yeah, that definitely makes sense.
And I'm not even moving 2 miles...good luck getting to a completely different part of the country!
Omg already tearing up at Greys 
You love sitting on what??
Ooh well im like fuck it!
I love you...so much...
Good Morning World!!!
Currently at 8:08am on Atlanta, GA it is 61 degrees.
High: 70 Low: 50
Done bro, ya tweets is real doe!
And follow 4 follow ?
Making a messy bun with straight hair is hard!
Had an aha moment during Reaching Forward yesterday.
Will be creating a Wikipedia page for my library.
Hope you have a great Monday!
KCM is great this month, as always!!!
Today we are across from Color Graphics Sunset and Arville!
10 am until 2 pm
Collaborating with Ken Riopelle, Wayne State, doing network analysis of medical research articles based on similarity of semantic networks.
So laughing right now!
Exactly.
I can sell you Lock money too
I should make a new twitter account dedicated entirely to my superlate night tweets.
all the time!
I have many gay male friends and I know how catty they can get.
Worse than most of the women I know.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
Getting started at bookclub talking about how to make change when change is hard.
Teaching CS: WVU pedagogues found surprising reluctance among other faculty to use their modules!
doctorving home..
cruise control on, legs crisscrossed, now tweeting hahahah
FINALLY found another pair of long skinny jeans!
Jack in the Box!
Tryna fight this nap but I'm not winning...
funfact Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world combined.
kids Get up and Go at Westfield West Covina with Free Westfield Family Fun Days for Toddlers and Now Kids 6  Up: Get up and Go at...
Twas a fun one thoughRT : Aaaaannnd we're coming to a screeching halt before we're back in line again...
:/
I have lol
quick quiz to check if you or a loved one has an eating disorder
the 22 magnum is legally classified as an addictive substance I'm pretty sure...
;
I worked hard to be in the position im in right now, this shit didnt come from luck.
Damm I missed it?
Love my tard.
3 miles away and he can make my day soo much better.
Growing fan base  makes the game SO live!
well we are BOSSES WINNING!
foreveralone hahaha!!
I need to find a restaurant that can hold 40 people for this Saturday night in Virginia Beach ASAP  if you know of a place, please help!
Trying to figure out the crazy highways in the DC area.
I love foreigners man 
just kidding!
Sorry rachael!
Join us tomorrow in LOT 13 before the Chivas USA vs Vancouver game for food, GREEN BEER and JELLO SHOTS.
Alcohol is for 21 and over only!
Good morning, people of Twitter.
Happy New Year , everyone : 2012 3
RT : RT : A4 fishoutofwater syndoctorme: hard to change habits
Our baby daughter is now 11 days old, mommy, baby and daddy fine :
It's hammer time!
Aurum Studios in a few...
working on this Compilation Album
I need some followers I will follow back......
What2ChainzWouldSay 2Chainz, got my guap up, fuck with me you get chopped up, fucked your girl she knocked up, pass the keys, STOCKTON !!
I did mine at blogspot.com but have not done much to it yet.
Been trying to figure out where to start
I was sure the old fellow would never make it to the other side of the curb when I struck him.
Time waiting doesn't have to be time wasted.
Abraham, Moses, Joseph they all waited  God used them greatly!
Amanda Knox is not guilty of murder
no?!
Wait maybe.
Kind of.
Hahah
Thanks for following!
then again, ive changed.
none of us are the same ppl we were a few months ago.
sniffs i guess thats just hitting me more
Albert Brooks as villain in doctorve is jolting when you primary know him as Nemo's dad.
ok I'll take ur word for it
Here we go again.
If Obama or his camp said something akin to the Bachmann's tar baby comment the faux rage would never end.
Perfect patio weather!
For Tonight and Saturday  starting at 5 PM Blue Canyon's Patio Bar is open!
on the 950: Floyd Landis owes listeneers an apology and an explanation as to why he lied thru his teeth and why anyone should believe him
DEAR MONEY, I love u!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire A witty saying proves nothing.
Yea!
200km for me too.
See you on the road.
hear hear!

the order I didn't place or if whoever has my account randomly bought something else  didn't cancel it...
can't wait to see you again on DWTS and hope you stay longer and hopefully even win this season :D
you're welcome
and she gives me all her trust and im abusing it right now but this money coming in is just confusing shit right now
The English believe a spider found in a wedding doctorss means good luck.
Really?
I might be there in a couple days ;
ahaaaha!
remember the asian guy who was following you around The dubai mall?
maganda maganda
thanks for the RT!
Latest results from Friday night: Mike now ahead 2,384!
seamayor ec
I wonder who on the phone ?
...and there's the arthritis pain....luckily, one hr to go...
This is just a fling.
MAKORRA SHALL SURVIVE
Hey Matt  are you going to WCUL convention in a couple weeks?
WELL WHAT'S YOUR PLANS
Hey guys!
What shows are you looking forward to seeing this summer?
Paradise by the Dashboard Light?
Really, Glee?
REALLY??
Holy inappropriateforshowchoircompetition song, Batman....!!
HAAARRIBLE headache...
Can not sleep.
Planet earth is not helping.
I think the apartment complex next to mine has a vancancy; it has all those things
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing momma!!
I couldn't possibly ask for a more kind, loving, and wise mother.
I love you!!!
Looks like ball game.
threw a bad ball.
Great game for him, until that pass.
I love this!
Thank you!
I do poetry pairings on my blog on Thursdays.
Would you mind if I posted this and linked to you?
Snowing in March...again!
I seriously doubt that with Norris going tonight  Happ tomorrow.
GK today, JL tomorrow.
Power is of two kinds.
One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love.
Power based on love is a thousand times mor
Haha.
We're glad.
And can't wait until others follow your lead and do the same!
that's exactly what I thought lol
I assume from that screencap that Plus allows you to segment your dawgs into Epic Bros, Brohams, Jabronis, and Bromosexuals.
that's what's up
Post your recital info  http:www.morethanyouthought.com so COCA can share it in an email to almost 4000...
That acceptance speech rocked Dave!
Florida is awful it's only natural their roosters are unhappy.
like, dis be the best thing that has evar happend to me on youtube!
plan on it!
Still trying to get my wireless figured out, but that's not going to stop me!
SAFE starts 4/27.
For local theatres  showtimes text SAFE  your ZIP CODE to 43549.
No charge to text Msg  data rates may apply.
Still reeling from the Tom Gabel is now Lauren Grace announcement.
Totally rad, just from nowhere.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
Tommy Lasorda
1 RT : I'm not sure what crossing the line on Twitter is, but I think Deion Sanders just did it.
Thanks everyone for the awesome bday wishes from Tuesday!
wow that was really embarrassing, i chalk it tho.
i reset my alarm to noon and i huad cincy
Those are great!
So much fun for kids!
Labor day party in an hour.
Can't wait!
Happy Valentine's Day!
About To Do Some Homework Bbl :
AACC tonight in the SAC Ballroom as actor Brian White speaks on navigating the business of success!
might do pbox I'll let you know later :
Ok Beckett...
bout time...
NICKY MY BOII!!!!
Samaki Walker could work too...we should all thank him cause if he was half way decent maybe no Dirk.
Thank you Gadsden Alabama for a lovely weekend!!
Had so much fun..
Simply can't wait to do it all again this October!!
AH!
Welcome to the Twitter!
Just got off the treadmill and checked the mail and got excited about camel coupons ...
Im ridiculous
how do I go about getting our start up beta ensemba reviewed for inclusion on your site?
We are looking forward to evaluating and hopefully adding new teas to our lineup at www.teasatia.com.
Have a bunch of new teas to review.
gorgeous week days while I'm inside my windowless office, rainy weekend forecast.
omg you're so lucky to be going!
Good luck standing there for eternity!
:D
Rocked out the doctorving range for the first time.
I may be hooked.
It's kind of like long distance beer pong with sticks.
did you barely make it ?
scared 2 death bout proc on neck fractures...
FreshmanYearTaughtMe These are gonna be the longest 4 years of my life
When will you all be considering judges?
Does all the budget biz have to happen first?
Started my morning with wheatgrass shot.
It cleanses and purifies the body  has crazy amount of vitamins.
Does Turkish Football Federation love or hate Tribeca tweets?
P.S.
Turkish people will love our Morton Downey movie.
Those Marquette kids really fill out those jerseys  hahaha!
Love having Rafftery as a color commentator!
Aye follow muh boy he cool I'll follow anyone who follow him so follow
Join us for Happy Hour til 7 tonight...side walk dinning available!
Sun is shining on all four tables!
The Hobbit is good but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
amazing job on the baby doritos commercial!!!
Finally got Jamaican food.
I can be happy again.
sounds like a plan!
looking forward.
We're excited that our apps made their list!
Pythagoras Do not talk a little on many subjects but much on a few.
Please cite sources.
No major political outlets have your statement.
today's cough up EVERYTHING in your throat/lungs today!
I have never!
given out my Kik?
All of the Thursdays would be BagelThursday!
And I would get an EVP chair like for Cube Village.
Frank Sinatra was a superhero, probably
I can't believe that britney spears is somewhere in this city.
everyone really strolick bald enough
ok so I've never heard of One Direction and now I must google them!!
Is it my radio career or Michigan?!
LOL xoxo EB!
Typical...especially for that time.
open group!
Find an upcoming event that interests you and sign up!
We're done for May, setting June events now!
Also, he never returned the photograph the tattoo artist used to doctorw the piece.
Fucking prick.
I steeled cons resolve?
Just by telling the truth that no one has a right to be rich?
What other truths offend cons?
Oh my God.
Please share.
no doubt bro.
Thanks for helping out.
An experiment is a mistake in search of the truth.
/cc
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much, cause that too much, can hurt SO much.
Looking at my working book for Albion.
97 pages...
you mad cuz you ain't on every oack of camels anymore?
You'll get work again....
east main is always there lmao

Immah Start AH Riot Now .
Chin up!
HAHAHAHA!!!!: POLL: Majority of Americans Would Have No Objection If Rush Limbaugh Spent 3 Days Calling Newt Gingrich a Slut
shoutout to for gettin a ton of compliments.
Aaron's professort jumps 60, largely on reduced lawsuit settlement
Calling out to creative minds  what type of app would you like to see created?
staked in the third ward great food!
am I actually attracting people of the opposite gender right now.
...
nah, can't be
So professorund...just listening to VisionaryIgnitionSwitch call and you truly are a vessel of love and healing.
Hug!
Reading 'Mainly On Directing' by Arthur Laurents, an inspiring book about musical theater.
I think that would be one of the most powerful things if you, deadMau5, moveromillions, was depressed.
Life is hard for everyone
How can we be so close on some things and so far apart on others?
I'm confused.
Attempted watermarble nails  failed EPICLY at it 
don't tell nobody I'm nice lol I gotta rep to uphold!
I'm up all alone bored as hell.
what you up to?
RT I love watching the Celtics beast shit makes my day.
me to
A much much much needed night!
Exciting start for the inaugural global arena.
30 countries involved.
Is The Break happening every Sunday in April?
Thanks....
When I take a shower: 5 of the time: I need one.
95 of the time: I don't have anything better to do.
Lookin like an emo girl with all my hair in my face to hide my shedding skin..
i'm riding around i'm getting
testing testing, gd ping.fm
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
I look forward to speaking with you : I did my smiley the other way, quirky
I know right!
I love that, except when u get two wet doggie noses shoved in ur face and licked to death.
Cure for the Modern Erection: Overhearing someone saying, Put a bird on it.
I finally found my tv remote!
I couldn't find that bitch for week lol
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Lock, Stock, and Smoking Vaginas..
Follow me
they used to call me anal girl in college.
All this talk about teacher vs.
student overlooks the fact that Donovan has won 2 NCAA titles to Pitino's 1.
So who's the teacher now???
When they played don't fall asleep at the helm at ET I thought i was just like dlfjskhdksufksufhksydksyxhskisgdkz because fucking beautiful
Just spotted a few Bob Filner for Mayor posters in the old neighborhood.
Not sure how I feel about that

hey thanks for the follow!
If youre looking for a good chiropractor in the atlanta area everyone at apex in snellville is so friendly and helpful!
oh, you were referring to your third grade self.
oops.
Time for the 4x100 record today
please can u
look out for Demarco Sampson would you.
AZ 7th round pick.
The kids got heart.
My BFF is here.
So awesome!
:
NW First 48 until my eyes close
They talk the entire time.RT : SERENITY NOW!
Attempting to watch a movie with 's parents.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success.
Play Alganon
Going out to have some Groundhog beer with my Kiss me I'm Groundhog shirt on.
I love holidays!
Great point.
This one is a business trip.
been liking playing Three Snake Leaves from Gallows as of late!
thanks so much!
glad you liked it!
TY for Friday's K
oh yes.
Haha!
That ball was sorry!
There was a girl on the other side but she was ok.
I know!
Or anything else for that matter!
Happy Early birthday my friend.
Think we can get casesmc to trend in Chitown?
And Happy Easter a little late to you!!
With ya.
Any thoughts on how users can disrupt this?
you are making me want to head for the hills!
i just lost my job so instead of wigging out I figure I'll plan a little walk...
Too fun!
Have a great weekend!
xx
Turns out there will be lot more that 9 outs!
This game is crazy!
katy perry teenage doctoram !
I know I'm way behind, but just found a great program to let me know who's unfollowing us, so we can also shed the extra weight in return.
I fight for compacency
Discovery layers or evaluating embedded program...
Final decisions of dls15!
Headed to get the car detailed..
coleg close minded bitchassness fail...
: Haven't been to the gym in a week and I'm going thru withdoctorwals teamfitness do work
innovation in spam is happening faster than innovation in marketing
Ready for the Jedi Council meeting tomorrow  rgiordan Can't wait!
this shit really sucks :/
1935 Radio program Your Hit Parade premiered.
I love my white bitch !
She stay
USPS and DC DMV, you are officially on my blacklist.
do you have a EPL team you follow/support?
If not you should get on it!
nods ill try to remember that.
So you spend more time with Sam?
smiles im glad you weren't alone
no way jose :
I guess you'll have to sign up if you want to find out
Today, it's The Boxing Lesson.
You are tearing me apart Lisa!
Parts of this doc ab are hilarious, 2 yrs later.
Like the part a/b how google opted out of social because that's not what geeks do.
lyyyyyke oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah yeah
: come to rams head and I'll buy you a Helen.haha!
Next time !
tell them it's on me, tonight !
60 minutes.
One minute at a time.
Revel in it!
Help me get more followes?
Alliclass discussing Broadway ushers and costumer service in other industries.
How do we Zappos!ize the experience?!
Twilight overlap: cheers and shouts during teaser for Breaking Dawn Pt.
2
Have been scared to try traditional canning.
Only tried freezer kind.
Any pointers for a newbie?
Best wishes for your mom.
most beauty supply places sell 'nail polish thinner'  problem solved : I use it and it helps polish last forever :
Funny every time Kerr or Albert says World Peace does XX
Hope all you FAC Heads have a wonderful night!
Stop on by tomorrow, Super Silver Berry will be the Strain of the Day!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x15
Any good singers in the Seattle area want to put some sweet vox on a rock track???
Reply to me and we'll see what you got!!!
even so  it just makes me angry.
I wish it was a better barometer.
Need some reflexology or a massage sxsw ?
is your cure.
Storyline Beta tester.
I just imported a 25MB HD video.
It took only 6 seconds to import, 3 sec.
to resize, and success!
yes you did congrats, you know how to respond
Loved by few.
Hated by many.
Untouchable by all.
Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Tom Wilkinson, Celia Imistere, Penelope Wilton...you can;t really go wrong.
Wow, the Broncos really don't want to pick in the 1st Rd this year.
RT : Denver is trading out again...Tampa will trade to 31.
that sounds exactly like a comment someone else I know would make, and probably has many times
im tired!!!
looking forward to many interesting and insightful 140 character tweets.
A new writing challenge.
:
I feel like she was like ohey.
Let's kill off Hannah's favorite character so Hannah's favorite couple can't ever be together FFFUUUUUU!!
Wanting time to go by fastt.
RT : Whatever you chase will run away from you.
So stop chasing success and realize you already have it all.
Word, much needed.
I hope you read this!
I'm in love with 1D and it would make my life like if you tweeted me back!!!!
3
every time I buy a new pair of chucks I end up doing something crazy the same day!
They only last 68mo for me, at most.
thanks for the spotify invite.
I used a proxy before I noticed your message, so I ended up passing it off to a friend.
Thanks!
Any bars in boston showing wwe Wrestlemania this Sunday?
You're Welcome :
To be fair, they mostly teach literacy to English learners.
I was afraid my class would be too easy.
Luckily, it wasn't.
Good Morning 
This isic student card seems SUPER shady.
Might have pushed myself a little too hard riding in today...
feel a little bit woozy.
Need more water.
Meeting in a half an hour.
eats a Cadbury Creme Egg of Mysterious Provenance
This day is boring wish I stayed home.
hey Matt did U get hacked?
You sent mem a DM saying someone is saying terrible rumors about you Is it saying it?
Lol
A real woman likes a man that keeps his pants on his ass
Today was a good day  Diamonds  Pearls Couture!!!
i know it sucks but i never see you around anymore!
yeaah we need to hangout 3
It's finally my day off.
Gotta catch up on Fridays Clone Wars show.
Rack city bitch rack rack city bitch
Who recognizes the fine artistry of our upcoming actors and actress in their performances in theatre and film today?
Watch and see who!
Could you like quit fucking with my emotions please?!
yeah im so happy!!
Fact of the matter is that im still in love with my ex  a bug part of me can't let go of her
In that case, you can give up your doctoram of winning Repub.
nomination for Pres.
Even reading ability in French disqualifies u.
What R U up to Feb.
1 at 4:14ish PST?
Care to join my Methods class in a Twitter discussion?
Thanks!
Glad you liked it!
We love Ilia, he's brilliant.
ethics Comm did discuss an important substantive rule last night.
But this weren't it.
Thanks so much!
I will :
it was really difficult to wake up n go to the gym this morning.
so, i slept in until 5:15am :P
If you want to hang Friday: gents, suit  tie required, ladies must wear a doctorss, it is a somewhat fancy place.
Saturday is more casual.
Spirited Away starts in 15 minutes get to the Plaza Theatre.
90 minutes of kenpo.
Testing for the next belt on Easter weekend.
Oof, yeah, I had a pretty crazy FriMon this past weekend.
Coming back off of it is good at least.
were you able to make contact to participate at the event?
congrats, Amber!
Patrick and Natacha married?
Uh oh 
: RT : That's right.
The proper translation for chicken fingers in Spanish is fingers de pollo.
You're welcome world...

i was doing the same thing.
Working full time in games  come home to work even later on my own animation
thanks, love.
Miss you!
Stellar game from Bougie last night.
Tenefelde gets the nod this afternoon.
Walking past people who smell lush...m.
we are stoked to have a sassy, smart, psych major like Lauren live in the studio today.
Help me keep ALo in check today!
Lmao at these bitchs, Stay on some other shit.
lmaoo oh ok i was gonna tell u they r cute
Rule 1: Nobody speaks about the club.
make sure he follows ME!
Bruce Willis, Ashley Simpson and Kimora Lee Simmons graced with their presence during my performance  the beverly hills hotel.
You go Ms NicNac, at 22, that's exactly what you're supposed to do.
Try everything, figure out what works for you!
Enjoy!
About to finish cooking supper: pulled pork BBQ, mashed potatoes, and broccoli.
Every day is Mom's Day around here.
haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol
sacscoc Before you start to read, get overview of content  develop questions to answer.
Then read paragraph at a time  paraphrase content
just because he doesnt like you anymore doesnt mean you need to go around and talk about him.
OH: Why are there no donkeys in the vehicle icons?
Ha!
That is so very true.
That's no moon...
Hoping tomorrow can be much needed good/awesome day.
Goodnight twitter
Today's lengthy todo list loves lookin' all intimidating 'n' shit, but I am kicking its ass.
I'm MCing a concert with The power went out, so it's Judith Hill Unplugged!
She's amazing!!!
And it's her BDay!
:
h ok
Gotta stay busy and keep that mojo flowing haha
They always are!
I presume this is a Go out/Stay in conundoctorm?
Are we witnessing the the death of declaring things dead?
What's wrong ?
I know I'm not that exciting, but please don't leave me.
I need you.
did u txt me last night ?
is gearing up for rehearsal tonight and ready to melt some faces with our new tunes.
Well, our own faces since no one can hear this just yet
Today is my mommy birthday!
Spend the whole day with her!
We ate applebees so yummy love you mom
Thank you all for following us!
More exposure, the better.
lol alright u got me there :p lol
The hardest part of getting to the bottom of yourself is knowing what lies above and ahead of you.
:hat RT : Yoooooooo  Shook Ones playing in this NBA commercial just now, dope.
Pinky ring Frodo...
Glee made me forgive them for all the crazy this season with tonight's 2 shows.
So many memories of my own graduation stuff
must sleep one more hour.
ready to ride Silver Comet Trail this morning, perfect weather 
Wait, that's bad metadata?
Uhoh...
Man Cena is getting dominated by Lesner.
heat just wanted to make the series interesting.
dont even trip.
totally.
it's the best offense he'll ever see.
Gore, VD, Crabs, Moss, Manningham...either for Alex or Kaepernick!
Pauly D and Vinny are my favorite hands down..
BUT I do love too!!
SEXY lol
Thanks for the concert with !
What an amazing live band!
what are you doing after?
DO NOT Miss the FREE sign up to 20 discounted organic foods!
Sign up now limited time offer!
www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
They probably don't even know there is a fire.
We had a tornado warning one time and no one at her work was told.
Well I'll be a sleepin' sasquatch!
Jesse Jackson Jr's decision to not run is sillier than bigfoot stuck in a sarsaparilla tree
In first grade my teacher was my idol.
In 8th grade my teacher is my enemy.
Close.
But it's either VU  Nico or Portrait in Jazz.
: RT : : Led Zeppelin I  Best freshman album of all time IMO.
Im so upset right now.
Hunky Jesus?
Check out an amazing graphic designer
Why is this happening?
do they make green one's for st.
patty's day?
Outermost History: Henry Beston passed away 44 years ago this week, less than 2 months shy of his 80th birthday, in Nobleboro, Maine.
Today marks Queen's 60th year on the throne.
On this date in 1952 her father, George VI died and she became queen, at the age of 25.
nice.
I would like to know more about your process in general.
I see growing old as either becoming a calm monk that accepts life's complexities, or a mad villain that attempts to bend life to their will
Woahhh no war.
Just teasing.
Go charge up.

You're gonna make me reach the climax 
RIP Whitney Houston
I'm about to go to sleep on this nigga
Holy crap!
I never noticed that.
It's watching us...
thanks.
still wish i could've ended up there with you folks.
hope you've found a good apple for that position!
Good Night Mom..
it has indeed been a while.
Another great episode.
We shimmy our jazz hands for
Trey is gonna help them big time  they need a scoring guard like him  Charlie Lee ain't gonna give u that
LOVE IT 3
RT : Cultures exist for their own sakes, not simply in order to clash with yours.
RT : Powerful presentation by Nisha today  HA2012, will look  similar analysis in our work with
can't wait for tonight!
stellar job last night at Merriweather with the Decemberists!
with your help we can MAKE it happen.
it will take all of us, working hard.
But it is work that MUST be done.
no hahaha still in their box looking all sexy.
LA is awesome.
Im loving life right now.
Played disc frisby for the firs ...
I love Barry Manilow!
is it real ?
or do you have to pay ?
Thanks for the referral.
it's lyrics to a song you dumb 
100 tweets in 3 weeks, and I've lost 4 followers.
I think this means I'm doing it right.
I want a follow back!
I would die if you did!!!
Please and thank you!!!!!!
:
or just swing by 8th ave and 12st  red brick warehouse  for talks
I WANT SOME, YOU WHORE!!
Chachi please follow me ..
please ..
I asked twice :..
goodnight sweet person :D
hehehehehe : u got me up with these topics broo !
when teachers make pornos  yell at us for PDA.
You're our first, our last, our everything bagel.
: Love you guys!
Thanks for a great first date!
Beautiful snow this morning!
Just in time for the staff Christmas party!!
yeah it's looking pretty good
that's what I like to hear!!!
was an amazing place to stay during my last vacation rental!
what an awesome song!
I love it!
thanks for sharing with me sis.
um what
Show me more YouTube videos!
Rock 'N Roll Monday Morning Hangover.
Time to listen to some dulcet tones.
or do u not think so far...
cause i be thinking bout forever...
gets applause for saying we can't lose focus on KIDS.
Amen.
Struck by potential usefulness of Twitter for El Ed teachers, before realizing that most admins would immediately ban it.
Hey pretty lady:
So many older men obligated to tell me I'd be hotter if I didn't have a nose ring  tattoos.
Go away.
So now there will be a big thing about the turkey eatthquake
Three months and this breakfast will be in paradise.
DearHair Can you try not looking like a lion mane for like one day?
.
Just finished printing off flyers to advertise for Earth Day.
Seems ironic.
I admire Dirk more and more.
He doctorined that crazy fadeaway during the chippyness.
Schools need to stop that retirement myth crap they've been spouting for 15 years.
You and have great taste in restaurants!
See you guys soon.
Hahahah I just LOLed he would
Looking forward to it!!
hey if you go on facebook there is a page called Totally Me and they told me to sprend the word so im sreding it to you
This week I will consume delicious tacos.
Been a listener for over a year now.
Very happy to support Dan B and his merry hosts by purchasing the new iOS app.
Keep it up!
Thanks for the mention, !
I feel the same way!
I've decided, no, or at least not until I get to know the students.
it's getting better 6 wks in!
i have a 10 page paper due!
Never underestimate the pull of nostalgia.
: NP  it would be cool if I could text n pay so dont have to wait in line for your awesome burgers Text me: 9164206020
The Generals are meeting with Washington in Cambridge.
They are meeting after news that whole regiments may not return for fighting in 1776.
i hate it when people tweet me and tell me to follow them back..if i wanna follow u back ill do it myslef, dnt need you tellin me what to do
Just added our latest RSVP Member.
Mark the handyman extraordinaire and museum enthusiast.
If you think he could help your org, lemme know
Heck yeah!
Luv u both!
RT : Twins reboot.
Me and Kevin James.
RT if you're in.
Some would consider it an actual miracle Barcelona some how did not score today if you watched the game.
Unbelievable...
These boys on Shake It Up are to cute!
:
do you not know I am a woman?
when I think, I must speak
Being a nice person makes me so tired.
Still sick and waiting for the cable guy while getting ready for work.
Oh please let tonight be worth it.
New Zealands Andoctoras Derleth was crowned misterGay World 2012 in Johannesburg, South Africa on Sunday.
The Germanborn oper
lol I always go to sleep late I'm not sleepy
I'm observing a diminishing interest in swimwear and swimsuits on and off line.
The summer is nearing its end.
my new basil plant isn't sprouting because there hasn't been any sun.
Thanks, for a wonderful practice at tonight.
I am spoiled and as rich as any lottery winner.
Question: Why does reality only begin to hit you when some people turn 21?
What happend to the other years
On stoney island
I watch we get beaten up I turn it Grandy get a homerun.
Turn it back BAD UMP CALL at second
Strangest picture of the NCAA Tournament goes to...
dm me your number playa lets get to this 
hahahahaha they're so retarded.
Don't just see, Look!
My little brother has the same name as you, it's pretty cool.
love you !
Crazy water/weather conditions lately making us postpone trips : sandiego Our families are so understanding!
Thank you!
Health question?
Most important for weight loss?
A exercise B proper food choices
Too legit to quit ;
UKnowBetter Many will be unemployable for NOT using online common sense while in High School  College.
Long gone are the days of obscurity
If you wew Cecil Fielder's first born, you'd end up a Prince brewcrew RT Why can't I be a Prince.
What the eff
like 80 of my notecards are bs and I'm not gonna end up using.
So I'll stand with arms high and heart abandoned in awe of the One who gave it all
None of MY friends personally.
There's too many guys out there to be going after somebody's ex.
I told you Mayweather is messed up in the head!
RT Justin bieber wit the money team???
lol what is this world coming 2
whose birthday?
Buggary.
If you know what I mean.
;
We thank all for the support and kind words for our show's 1st episode.
Now, onward to producing the series!
When you Tired but can't sleep 
I don't think I've ever been looking more forward to dinner plans, headed to dinner tonight
Congrats to our winner !
He won a free premium subscription to ProShow Web.
Keep watching for more giveaways coming soon!
I haven't felt this emasculated in a long time
Taking my butt to sleep I'm not finna keep laughing at Shan crazy ass see yu in the morning Shan Shan Lolz
my new celebrity crush.....
hottie :
Aint seen nor heard this song n yrs
follow me?
Oop you nasti RT : I'm loving ya chocolate AVI any more pix?
Walking around NYC.
Beautiful day.
One two three four
supposed to be working on my paper but not going to
Another wedding, another set of photobooth pictures, another new avatar.
Just bought Austin Mahones first single:
FF: the national version TX,MT,DC,VT,CO repped 
Thought of the day  People who know least, know loudest.
We're out of applications...and timeslots!
coulda swore those went extinct years ago
How did I know that was going to happen?
Sleep and other activities won out over studying I see :.
Hope the exam went well
In my imagination I see so many shoes and can't stop making them life's coming attraction get's me overexcited
hope you know You are what made us this time I hope you know We'll never fall out of line I hope you know We'll be the greatest this time
My back hurts me so baad.
erl12 risk aversion substituted for fair use analysis
I don't understand this stupid federal income tax...
wwhl question for joe You guys all talk about family but it seems like you always throw your sister under the bus
Huh,Well today sucked
Thanks !
It went really well!
Hey peoples wat up
That play by J.
Hairston should be the nail in the coffin for Uribe's hopes of ever starting for The Dodgers again
Look forward to seeing you at GE '10!
Stop by the Brausse Booth and say Hello.
Lovely picture.
So glad you got to experience the Road to Hana.
Genius is nothing but a great capacity for patience.
GeorgesLouis Leclerc Buffon
I just want to hug this couch
what comment?
I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer
Original art definitely has an allure to it.
You're missing out!
:
I don't really care if Jelena still exists, or if the break up rumor is true, but I don't want Justin to be sad for a simple girl.
How many times is twitter going to allow me to pick try it later regarding the New Twitter?
I liked Old Twitter just fine.
When I think my blog looks really good i have the urge to not reblog or post anything cuz I don't wanna fuck it up.
Lol
bizforum Digital Lumberjacks sounds like a great book title :
its chill it happens
Looking for something to do this summer?
Volunteer with us!
We're always looking for a helping hand!
For more info, go to our website.
So the Post Office now charges 1 to change your addoctorss online?
Really?
I know it's just a buck, but I'm irritated.
That was indeed the plan.
Or make a graph that spells it out in nifty diagrams.
UK game's on!
Twitter's more fun when you have a deck to wrangle nine accounts at once, isn't it?
Go Kings Go!!
I used dye and koolaid
YOUR PLAYING WITH US MY DAD JUST TEXTED ME!!!
Truth.
RT : Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something  has lost something.
H.
Jackson Brown Jr.
if im on your TL follow me bck.
Thanks
: Who cares about Girls Around Me App?
I want a Cute British Straight Boys With Low Standards Around Me App!
DANCE MOMS!!
33333
Going In right now for the Kingdom!
Lol I love it!
Follow Him Fight now!
Fresh Manna From Heaven!
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : A5: vancouver...its a great city as long as the canucks are winning.
what to do whtat to do
not me, im sleeping with my eyes open...lol
Please explain.
RT : Beverly J.
Diny is a Fine Jewelry Consultant and Diamond and Pearl Graduate
How My Mom Tellin Me To Find Somethinng She Lost !
bless the Lord
Psalms 39:7 But now, Lord, what do I look for?
My hope is in you.
Agreed!
Enjoy your weekend!
RT : It's been a busy  and productive  week for downtown!
Thanks for the
if Doug stays, Turner has to go...Problem is Doug ruined his value around the league.
Life is not measured in the amount of breaths we take....but by the moments that take our breath away.
Mark Twain
My feeling of impostor syndoctorme didn't start until I started being appointed to committees and was the youngest one there.
Well, considering you are thousands of miles away, its possible you wouldn't even make it for leftovers.
Check out Peace  A Cup of Joe on foursquare until 1pm special, all breakfast sandwiches 1.00 off when you check in on 4sq
Wouldn't it be great if twitter had a roped off VIP section where celebrities could keep their boring tweets to themselves?
If I can hear your music while it's in your ear and I'm standing 20 feet away, I kno u can hear it
The Way I Am!
This customer is boring me to death
I had a very heavy birdtation
To my mother Cynthia Clarke, Thank You for your selfless love and for the greatest gift you gave me.
The example of loving Christ.
hahaha that's funny.
I think that was from Seafair :
Listening to One Direction for the first time ever...haha.
guess this is my thanks to Ha
PrePlanning A Baby Is The Best Pregnancy....
That Must Be A Hard Thing For Women To Is Tell A Man She's Pregnant...
Stop by the memphissurplus booth at the choppersshow this weekend.
Pick up our coupon and receive 10 in store purchases from 4/194/28.
we made new friends at the BRAVES Bark in the PARK event this past Sunday..puppies luv us!
Yea yea!
Thx!
RT : Thought you did a great job on last night!
My lil' bro followed your pro career very close
: Is Matt Flynn really going to earn big  for going 33 for 49 on the season  doing well in a game w/no pressure?
YES 4sure
Sunday nights it is!!
Your're very welcome!
Thanks for using ShowClix, have a wonderful time!
r u a boy or a girl??
Thanks for the retweet Vonda...
Hope you are doing well!
lets catch up sometime !
in Sharon's Meadow for Beethoven and Rach 2!
Not as hard to find a spot as I thought
Oops, I meant I forgot to too
Kobo takes 12 days to answer Q about doctorfree books, not 48 hrs as promised by autorespond.
And their answer is wrong.
Eastern Washington sunsets are so beautiful.
But I'm also looking forward to being home in Western Washington!
Just a few more hours...
Oh how I adore my favorite day!!
A little work, good friends, food  beverages  some fun.
Perfect!
Time to say Gnight.
Sweet doctorams.
:
RT : A mustread 4 wireless innovators  call to free 500 mhz of spectrum 4 bb has resulted in call 4 sharing......
they have arrived and are now enjoying time in our bellies!
Thanks Bob, you made our day!
Wasn't funny at the time, though.
RT this made me laugh.
ok average
Anytime :  You are always welcome!
Have a great Friday Kelly.
I just finished a 3.50 mi run with Nike GPS.
is it that hard?
I am not going to pass this test.
LOL
you guys are aware that the new ofwg tape is out right
CLOSING SOON: Bill Mould's Spirit and Enigma  Touchstone: 9th  NY Ave.
Ceramic sculptures and wall art!
Come on by!
Its pouring.
Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it.
Do you believe me?
do you let him doctornk your redbull
So wait, this little plane is flying us all the way to Dallas?
Hope I make it to Denver in one piece.
Pres.
George W.
Bush said of his mother, Barbara Bush: Growing up she gave me love  lots of advice.
I gave her white hair.
If you told me 1 year ago that I'd be voting GOP in 2 consecutive elections I'd say you're nuts.
But this time it's for real!
Vote
Ross incremental model, comprehensive model, unilateral model have all been tried in peacemaking.
My heart breaks when I see Coolmorning and I know that these guys going to leave eachother :'
Debating whether I should join Tumblr or not social media Is it worth it?Too much work?
Listening to the new Cursive album, I Am Gemini, that was written just for me.
fourwordsyoudontwanttohear we need to talk
thank you to of for speaking to buck lodge students for career day!
Best tweet ever RT : Hey, American Idol..
Imma let you finish this season but was the best contestant of ALL TIME.
Homemade calzones and red wine.
Ahh vacation!
Outstanding.
I loved it.
is the most genius social media marketing tool I have ever come across.
Such a surprise that more people aren't on it!
would you send me link to newest post when you get a chance?
Georgia Saunders puts a face on homelessness, and it is OUR face.
Ginny Sorrell of Grace Covenant Presbyterian Church in Virginia Beach.
Dear Twitter, Stop fuckin PMSing nd telling me the link to 's story is not working.
Thanks:
Celtics make me hate the color green.
Go Sixers!
Great news about Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse book coming this week!
Yahoo!
I can't wait to spend it with you :
Glad you got the posters!
Hope they help remind employees of the dangers of reply all.
Best  DoL
Hey there!
So, this would be the official Twitter of me, Dave Wallace, professorssional VoiceOver Artist.
Want to know something embarrassing?
Hear hear!
Game off.
Bush league bullshit.
Unbelievable.
i still got you homie.
whitney houston, work, and the grammys put me behind.
i got something for you tomorrow.
bet.
Roughly 1.5 days left in 2011, still not too late to fulfill your newyearsresolution from last January!
This ones for you its 1:15 AM:
Hot tip: check out www.actorrated.com for free classes that are informative and full of REAL tools you can use now!
At Java Beach on Sloat
getting ready for bed.
My kid graduates  10am tomister!
Gotta be up early!
lastone imgonnacry lol
It is never too late to be successful!
so, why don't you get yourself a twitter fan base?
Why thank you.
wait until Saints games!
....beware the makeout bandit and the faceless boob flash.
Also, redid my word bubbles for RVA Monuments.
It is like a breath of fresh air.
Thanks for the tip and
Bad Girl's Club was pretty good last night,my girl Camile ain't no punk.
Did'nt know so many peeps hate Gia!
Wow.
MattKemp  every other player right now.
How ya doing so far this morning?
concert tonight!!!!!
It's on my birthday!
Hell yeah!!!!!
how long did it take you?
you're perfect the way you were made!
I'd still love ya if you got them reduced tho
Alive  High
Why do NFL/NBA fans hate MLB so much?
So much hate on my timeline.
From live tweeting to the game in general
Fort Ram, Fort Collins, CO.
1990/11/04.
Great sound !!!
It's a beautiful day in Kansas City.
Are you working or playing today?
i will
Make sure to stop by the table on Saturday as Abita brewer Matthew Horney will be onsite at EABF!
power out at East Potomac pool.
Not allowing anyone in until it's fixed.
Hollis Headoctorck on cult orgs and schools There is no system anymore that facilitates this kind of conversation.
happy almost halloween!
favorite holiday of the year.
new interview up tomorrow, as my gift to you!
Knowledge Management Specialist in San Francisco!
Main responsibilities in this role will include the development of knowledge sharing stra
Hoping for a mild, light wind no pollen day for next weeks halfMarathon!
Congested and itchy after today's run
Yes please : Congrats, winner!
Finally got a chance to see The Help WOW  Great Movie!
1942technical end of slavery in America.
Not sure....I just signed up for it.
My 7yo daughter's favorite movie is Despicable Me, so we're watching it again tonight.
Not sure if I should thank you or cry...
That's how he started his college career.
He moved back as new talent arrived.
nah don't!
and a like band news blog i follow on tumblr posted about it.
Offloading content to hard doctorve.
Finished shooting Naif AlMutawa speaking about the 99 with for ABANA
I donated money to you guys because I love you.
No, I'm serious...
I want to have your babies.
We can make it work.
The best marriage advice I could you two is that you don't get mad if you're kid eats skittles and plays video games all day long.
so would tomorrow work??
:Single Game Tix 4 Game 57 of the 2nd round of the Playoffs go on sale May 3 at noon.
Include mailing addoctorss 4 your refund!

Say that again!
That wind is WHIPPIN out there!
We hear you!
We promise it will be done!!!!

Believing truth disables experiences founded on lies
And thank you for being
Thank You to everyone that came out last night to support Baltimore has the best Twitter community.
It's a fact.
Did a BHM presentation Firefighters museum.
Kids were eager participants in my QA.
Giveaway books, bookmarks  BHM pencils.
I keep having to say goodbye to people this week.
I DON'T LIKE THIS MAKE IT STOP.
What's a 10zip shellacking when you win the opening series against the WS champs?
Beginning this Friday, 4/13, I'll be rebroadcasting my Panda project via another account, /
a day of songwriting...what to write about?
San Antonio: Cool next couple AM's with low's in the 50's.
Next chance for storms will be Friday.
Today: Cool start, sunny skies.
High 81.
Garfield Potomac High School Hoops in Virginia
A3 : You can cultivate online relationships by inviting Twitter/FB/LinkedIn followers to events.
Show them your products.
doctorse has a torn ACL...bad news.
Dworkin: these musical samples are basically inverse models for the construction of poems
alright pimp, you got my number just hit me up when you want to go get one!
we will have a new variety pack box very soon.
contains 2 goat's choice selections which are most likely our seasonal beers.
I need to get my cowboy boots reheeled soon.
Anyone know any good cobblers?
Do cobblers still exist?
Today Eddie Bauer taught me how to tweet correctly.
This tweet might be a bad tweet according to EB but....oh well!
:
Gusty NE winds continue 2day til 4.
Clear skies 2nite.
Patchy frost likely in lowlying valleys 2nite  early AM.
20's  30's!
60's 2day.
Relationship  single
Long afternoon and night ahead cementing out the rats from my neighbors side
Im nervous
The hard part about being a bartender is figuring out who is doctornk and who is just stupid.
One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower
I'm tired of seeing all these repeat posts!
Oh I envy you reading these books for the first time!
They are worth rereading, of course, but it's never quite the same.
This week I will take advantage of Maizie's 4 burger mondays, visit Stinkweeds, and go to Phoestivus!
Yay!
I really craving some orange juice, but I just brushed my teeth :/
wish i was dead
Realized that when talking abt forprofessort and nonprofessort we were thinking more abt
I'm suprised more of y'all don't get hit by cars./ Missing your surroundings, staring at the stars.
Of course!
AND!
We pay the tolls.
;
Special 3man show September 4th  McCormick  Schmick's in Tysons Corner
Hello everyone.
I'm looking forward to a beautiful Tuesday just like the weather is here in Nashville, TN today...BEAUTIFUL!!
Stay tuned for more info on the job front....
I forgot all about my applesauce :3
YES I have basketball games on Saturday but if they're not po inconvenient it's a date!
Thank you got the FF mention!
Hope your Monday is going well!
will do my friend!
Thanks Raymie!
I appreciate your support!
DANA LET TIM SILVIA FIGHT LET THE WARRIOR GO OUT ON HIS SHIELD HE'S EARNED THAT MUCH AND U KNOW ITS TRUE!
Wine me likey.
Cool  eerie at the same time!
Follow realtime Titanic tweets at
anything you think I can post on my website!
Ask your mate for a list of his/her favorite meals, then cook them!
painful!!
This is day 3 of 4!
I dont care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you.
Theres nothing you can ever do to lose my love....
Okay you ice cream eating maniacs ....
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously selling them food stamps...unwritten rules...80 in stamps40 in cash
look at the cards schedule an pick a date right meow!
HuskyNation big game tomorrow.
Zona looks tough but I know we've got it in us.
Lets all get behind them U.C.O.N.N..
teamfollowback word.
I follow back.
congrats Nigel....we're so happy to have your speed and versitility...
He had to go up to the heavyweight division just for a decent fight.
Because she recorded the first app album, that I know of.
you are seriously ALL THAT.
That pretty much sounds like my agenda too haha.
Them Rhode Islanders have been coming up with some great stuff lately.
Completed my second Zumba class.
The combo of dancing, aerobics and latin music is perfecto, even for this gringa!
20ThingsAboutMe , i tend to scare guys away ..
Whoops.
You're welcome, many artsed teachers have known of your work for years and it is a pleasure to follow you now on Twitter!
Would anyone want a swim boot camp?
Medicine balls/stretch cords?
yeah I know this little monkey is hilarious!
Pretty sure you need a permit to be that slutty.
My pickup line for the weekend.
Delivered deadpan.
Ronnie on here to.
Hopefully Chris Bosh is alright.
Stuck inside train until help arrives
Mediocrity happens when you stay around yes men.
Get around people who not only speak truth but live the truth.
hello self.
I'm procrastinating doing anything.
Aren't u proud?
Swim season's coming up.
Is your pool ready?
If not, we'd love to help get your pool back into top form.
I should of told u way sooner then all that happened.
shhhh you spoil surprise so you get none
it's okay.
I took my meds so I can finish it tonight.
No worries.
NIGGAS OF WHO..
WHY INSTINCT OF COURAGE
nice.
But it's no prague1968.com
: so how was your day!
Aetna CEO: Gamification and social media work well for health
Why did no one tell me how wonderful Icefall by Matthew Kirby is?
So it won the Edgar...Haven't finished yet so don't tell me who.
so cute!
MUAH
Thanks so much everyone for the Birthday wishes!
It really meant a lot to me!
We have some pretty wonderful viewers:
its does my guy
any chance javale cracks the starting lineup this year or is he going to remain bench player??
hey!
Good and you?
I don't get out into the studio called Outside often enough.
It's gorgeous out.
3 miles to go.
We are about to finish the 6th Annual Walk for Childoctorn's Health.
Got your email  looking into it.
So sorry.
Please stand by while we figure out what happened.
Thanks so much.
DoL
me?
Ha
probably 'cause we never had them in our household...
LOL.
Maybe cinnamon toast crunch?
RT : I Hate Getting Bullied :
Exotic Marigold Hotel looks good, but if there were two more main characters needed, I am not sure there are sufficient British actors...
I think its very nice of Mitt Romney to personally pay off the US Debt.
Now, that's a politician!
No problem!
I realize now my previous tweet was nearincomprehensible.
Glad it made sense!
I was a coke cola kinda gal but I gave it all up for the sake of 20 lbs a year!
Those fetuses add up!
Nazi zombies with experimental rocketpacks?
Could be a good book.
lol
Watcha workin with over there?
Strawberry Diesel, Pineapple Express, White Rhino?
sigh the good old 401 days
One of the lead singers, who also plays trumpet, was doing the freestyling and beatboxing.
Always cool to see him do it!
in 37 days we shall finally meet :
congratulations to Jen Kirmer and Nate Sowry, who will be presenting at the SAA Convention in San Diego!
Nice work Jen and Nate!
fuck da heat imma bulls  thunder fan and i still have faith in da bulls
Night y'all hope we sleep sound!
According to an old English system of time units, a moment is one and a half minutes
Work and beach air had me off the grid so far.
Be back to posting tonight
postcards for 'Illuminate' are getting done today....you'll see them floating round town next week!
If experimental philosophy is a field, experimental literary studies should most definitely exist.
.
Hes strugglin, lucas wont be consistent with big minutes.
Rose out 11  we lost2 in a row.
Its april, we will worry about may
let's just hope naked eBay guy didn't make an appearance on the auction page.
A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart
You know how you learn a new word and then all of the sudden it's everywhere?
That's me and pareidolia.
I don't get how it could happen so quick infront of me ..
Among the weird ?s I want answers to for my son's future use in science fairs: why does Jager float on regular but not Sugar Free Red Bull?
FYI They Blocked my facebook account.
For RIO just post your names on the event.
I can still see it from other pages Justus Kalson
Open data now being talked about via and it's importance in Democracy.
i hate it when people give me mixed messages regarding my tatas
Morgan dont feel bad about it if we make it I will feel bad we should have like a fundoctoriser because I really want you to go
Enter competitors' name in2precise interest 4 Facebook ads to capitalize on their fans..oh, and testtesttest!
I'm with you Maura
no worries Rebecca.
Just stopping in to say hello  let ya know I was thinking of ya!
Twugs !
I'm not in that session!
Follow and for tweets from in there!
I guss you still call muhammad ali cassius clay and chad johnson also..
whats the addoctorss to send you stuff??
ALL GOOD !
Just got an IPhone 4.
Wish Siri understood my accent:
DYK?
Phi Beta Sigma symbol is the white dove ...Happy Founders Day
I am cookin' healthy brown rice pasta 4 my mom!
I will cherish this moment!
Sales of doctoraming of Dixie are going so well that the paperback is still a year away.
It entered a second printing in January!
when you figure it out let me know
Seeing people cat daddy while walking down the street when ur in the car
In Music Meeting Goldfrapp Rocket still like it its like living in an 80s world
//...me a load of BS.
Except I substitute the word manure 4 the obvious rhyme 4  description of Mitt.
Can our Cats go down to Mississippi State tonight and take another road SEC win?
I do believe so!
The mask that Kobe wore this season after Dwayne Wade broke his nose just sold for 67,100 in a charity auction.
I just woke up from a nightmare involving scream hahahahaha.
ugh could today get any worse?
That sounds like fun!
I'm thinking about trying a new complex for legs this week to add more explosive movements
100 Days of Hunger Games: Actors Who Almost Became Peeta Mellark Casting for Hunger Games  Katniss Everdeen may have be
Ahh!
Amazing.
Congratulations, Josh!
We do!
I really like our .
Looking forward to it also.
The produce section is pretty great  organic fruit especially.
fun fact: Abbey based Bella Abzug on my cousin, who he was dating at the time.
She's, uh, not a fan of the work either.
and I'll b there watching!

o well.
Its coo.
It is what it is.
I think job interview went well today.
Hopefully I get the job 11.80 an hour sounds like a plan lol
oh my god!
seriously!
we need to talk about what you do!
Let's collab on a game for my film :D
thanks!
Yeah, we're from Detroit, but we travel to Germany often and do some ministering out there!
:
Congrats to Adele!
She deserved every award she won.
In sunny San Francisco, getting ready to talk about GRE at
HRM...
I am going to take Executive Producer of Starcraft 2.
Yes that will do.
it was want it mate ; x
Anyone have suggestions for notes and guides useful to new readers of Ulysses?
D
Still waiting for that pie.
lol ok, thanks!!
I'll be there soon poppa :
Save the La Jolla Post Office community meeting with U.S.
Postal reps this Thurs.
at 6 p.m.
at Cuvier Club at 7776 Eads Ave.
Be there!
You had me at hello
Would it be a bad time to ask?
Burgh Night Life Trash
love that AVI
u know I love it!
Yes.
GB next.
Finally.
would you be interested in your own business in the telecommunications industry ?
Christopher: 719.481.9476
good point.
I'll let you know when I get a chance to try it out
THERE'S A COMIC BOOK STORE AT THE BOULEVARD MALL!
Classic College radio is in my wheelhouse.
Mission of Burma, Pavement, Pixies, and Silver Jews all in the last hour.
RT  The Miami Dolphins have reached out to Jake Delhomme.
The two sides have not agreed to a deal and Delhomme is cons...
For some unknown reason, I'm still up.
Maybe my body is prepping for CA time in Wednesday
It takes great bravery to go what you want with passion.
Remember if you are doctoraming it  going after that goal you are ALREADY successful.
Getting chipotle and get to watch osseo best day ever!!!!!
Hungry like a mufucka!
My husband hasn't worked in 3 1/2 years and is trying desperately to get a job.
Please can you help him find work????
doctoram Big, Win Big promotion successes.
Great case at uwebc Web Marketing event by and
He doesn't look particularly happy.
Be Part Of a Super Powerful Business Concept That Works
Ugh school tomorrow :/
we hope you lovely ladies are having a wonderful time in CITYCENTRE today!
:
We are releasing a new short video in the very near future.
rookie Tobias Harris making his first NBA start tonight at Orlando
Atl.....
Good Southern food....
Im pray'n I don't break my diet!!!!!!
Demolition Derby in a little over 24 hours!
I'm tOkEd 2 the max!
My fav fair event!
20yr tradition for me :
What kind of secret thing does have for me :
Pirates  bases loaded, nobody out  no runs for the pirates and no sandwiches.
Hey sexy!
Don't lie!
what?
This isnt good!
I'm gonna have a Biden moment and say that someone who rhymes with Jim Jardashian is on my flight back to NYC
i appreciate it 3
Thanks bro!
RT : Happy Birthday fam !!!
i forgot to tell you another cool thing that happened while you were gone.
i almost blew my hand off with a fire cracker lmao
Love your new avatar.
Way to go!
this Sunday for brunch with guest fiddler
Dust off that gumby sweatshirt and cheer on the B's.
Or the Caps.
Either way.
Just someone in Indy watch a hockey game, please!
Who's ready for our Mother's Day Massage Special?
im sitting in the truck waiting to see jessie ;
Thanks, hope you are having a great week!
home for the weekend
Hey girl, gettin old is not fun, but life is good.
After 4 months I now know how to put my Toyota Prius in neutral!
I knew there had to be easier way!
I feel completely stupid
I'm so confused.
Tell me you're at Nordstrom...and that you're good with zippers...
i'm not your bby i'm nobody's baby .t
it was the obnoxious girl talking on it on a busy street that made it seem more ridic
FREE lunch today!
EVERYONE is welcome!
Go to the tent
no need to be rude, you asked for wisdom!
Cranky pants!
:P
continues to have amazing success with my 90 day challenge!
Another 7lbs of weight loss!
:
Nobody would ever use that line on you here...
Works from Charles Krafft make great Christmas gifts but Hanukkah not so much.
Auckland eye Club World Cup spot
I am going to vote for pajamas pants and our beverage of choice...I am kind of for staying tonight.

Hahahah glad i didnt leave work for it RT : This graduation rehearsal is ratchet lmfao
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent.
1560 reasons
A 1Tofu Life: Sentient vs Sapient
How can AYS get in wideeyedcity weekly?
C'mon get happy and chase all your bleus away...this Thursday.
RetroOnThePatio featuring Daddy Mack.
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down.
That's like stabbing someone and then wondering why they're bleeding.
it seems to be running very smoothly
Agreed RT you should follow
Haha, yea; should I have tweeted that?
Good morning tweeps!!!
Happy Friday from sunny
right!?
This brings up such a good point!
Maybe that's how it starts?
Me too but I'll look like a loner.
We need to tan bro.
Get our jersey on.
Alas, not a listserv.
That, at least, I could delete whole threads with the push of a button.
No, this was on the phone
Cheers, mates!!!
oomf is a cutie 
My next phone is going to be the iPhone 4, just saying!
:D
great ideas!
Isn't it the truth!
Nice!
IMA peeps are bringing it!
37 days of training ahead!
a workshop on Smartboards
The 3 yr old boy I babysit just spit up his cough medicine all over me and said I'm sorry miss Kara, I'm just not perfect So cute!!!
Don't spend hours waiting for your car to be serviced.
We can provide our premium service oil change for most cars in about 15 minutes.
what sites do you guys prefer for your brackets and why?
Just want it all to be over..
Kate did an up do tonight in London.
I know mine in DC will not look as coiffed as hers but I can try.
lol anyone would be!
:P
At the moment, if you purchased your copy from us, we offer halfprice updates to current edition.
Machinefiltering of the deluge of texts offers opportunity to evade longstanding historical trap of the Author Filter.
Leaf blower guy and I are now buddies.
amigos?
T.G.I.F.!!!!
Come in tonight and try some of our NEW menu items!!
Let us know what you think!!
See you here!!
;
Wow, those look great.
What camera do you use?
I have 1 good lens, a Tamistern 90mm 1:1 macro.
I'm sure they look at yours and think my how he's gotten younger!
Having money doesn't make you cool!...a concept niggas fail to understand.
Pat Healey and Max Ferdinand will be at the Royal Farms ribbon cutting on Rt.
43/Crossroads Circle in Middle River today from 10 to 11:15.
Hey vo maje go look at the picture of me and my new best friend lol clue: it's round and has a hole in the middle :D
Thanks for your kind words, Erica!
Going to sleep already.
Night night y'all!
Xoxo
That's why I haven't updated mine in like 2 years.
man you are quick : i just realized that i babysit that night, but i still think it's a good idea.
keep us posted!
so am I the only lame person who doesn't have spotify yet?
We do NOT have a Spending Problem, we have a REVENUE Problem.
END THE bush TAX CUTS NOW!!!!!
ReElect President Obama!!
Death Takes a Holiday at Roundabout Theatre is a MUST SEE great for all ages and jadedness!
Amazing performances and very fun story!
Man, our bullpen is amazing........
keep it up!
will close at 5pm today, and reopen on Tues Jan 3 at 8am.
Happy Holidays, !
if my professorssor and advisor recommend that I make my major Anthropology one more time, I will flip out
Tune into the station now at the 11AM hour for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Youth Lagoon playing this Wednesday at Metro Chicago!
good.
Your life just got a lot easier
What i just wished for 
I'ma need you to shut up cause people are taking a test I'ma need you to suck my asshole  leave me alone
i dont know anyone who is so in love with lil wayne like i am ;
omg my fave coach bieste now have to see here sing Jolene
Suprised I got a valentine .
thanks for the gift udy :
Great advice!
We think so too.
That boy ty lawson can play
In 1947 BingCrosby invested 50k in the Ampex company, which built North America's 1st commercial reeltoreel tape recorder.
I agree with whoever said that
...
zombie breaking free.
cabbie freaking out.
all who saw being taken away.
FUCK.
Dear Giants, now that you are without both 1st team CB's..
Us Jets fans would like to offer you Kyle Wilson.
YOUR WELCOME!
love
Thanks very much  glad you liked the blogpost and
Art is a terrible investment of money.
But is great for the soul.
at event.
but its lonely I hve no one to talk to except my self
LLAB SMDH YES INDEED HOW DID U FIND OUT!!!!...
Thanks TwinTwin!
I researched a lighthearted place to submit my film to so I think it's going to be a good fit.
But still crossing fingers!
two days til new york :D
happy birthday lady!
I'm a bit late but the well wishes are the same : Enjoy it!
one the cool, your the ones that's been
your welcome:
Is it weird that I'm a dude, and I ordered hydoctorlyze last night?
you, me and Kathleen need to hang out soon!
Also, Taylor, we wear heels to the Grammys.
I'm Obama all the way I think 4 years is too short to be in office
Saw an armadillo on the road.
You only get leprosy once.
oh ok that was harsh
yes u r rite
Yeah it is !!!!!!!
too me Winning And Yeah I really did Im not lying !!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
bought 3 bottles just came in today red wine
If anyone has seen any extra type of motivation, please, please hook me up
I feel like eating donuts  then some cookies and after that some coffee
Timelines dead, where everybody at?
Why are some of the other boys so perfect, why can't I look like them :/
I dont understand how Niall can eat so much, get little to no exersize and still maintains to be so skinny.
you seem boreing.
:/
the ceremony for the stadium after the game was like a funeral.
People were crying.
It's a damn building
Looking forward to the Relato Digital Storytelling Conference Universitat Valencia, Spain next week!
We were taking daddy hits last night
Hey!
Please tweet me back.
And please follow me
I love to workout!
a Looking for as a personal trainer.
I love to have fun and I don't want to ever stop In R.i
Thanks for the RT!
: I hope all is well today over at IKEA!
on edge all day waiting to see if pack make a move at rb
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 6 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
light skinned
why so many places?
I said Fuck me means hi in spanish
Giving someone a second chance is like giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
It'll be snowing in Julian today!
Stop by for warm fresh slice of apple pie  hot coffee or cider!
Full bellywarm heart!
Because I can't take anyone seriously who equates not conservative w/ baby killing or Marxist.
Who's ready 2 see me 4 Green Week!
I can help U hit a home run on your energy bills!
Take that, !
www.smartenergypays.com
I don't think I'm going to make it to class, I can't get out of bed!
I'm pretty sick :/
I'm ready to start my garden for the summer.
Me 2!
can't wait 2 see everyone in San Diego ;
It's Friday!
Wait, so it's Teacher Appreciation Week AND National Charter Schools Week?
Does that make it extra special for charter school teachers?
Thanks for the mentions about our Mother's Day promo!
would you like to walk with me in the morning while the boys are at breakfast?

Love the follow, will Follow back soon!
Thanks..
Here's watching your tweets..
I cant get no sleep for anything in this world, makes no sense!!!
Talking about the shiftyourshopping holiday campaign at conference.
I work for a studio.
Please tell me what you guys do.
Still time to submit entries for SD Press Club Journalism Awards!
Deadline Monday 5 p.m.
More entry info www.sdpressclub.org.
lol  this point im even struggling with spelling.
was hoping you wouldn't call me out on it!
With those multiple guilty pleas by boxer Floyd Mayweather he should spend a long time jail but no guy got the dough.
I'm trying to find someone willing to pay 200 to go with me lol
remember it might be cloudy now but it won't rain forever..
Just don't let simple things keep you from smiling 3
I watched The Monkees all the time but bc I was about six, I can't remember a single episode.
: This is a classic clip!
I wish I felt better about myself so I could feel better about you..
pretty swell fellow older gentlemen  how are yall
Old music head ass mf....Papoose  Alphabetical Slaughter: via
M.
Could you pick me up a coke slurpee?
Love those.
RT : That's it...
I'm getting a Slurpee.
This is ridiculous.
I enjoy talking in formal english, and using my extensive vocabulary.
Lauren
I do not get mentions lately :
wow, you went there!
lol yea let's......
I hope they go to NYC again I'm close to there about a 4 hr doctorve
I live with a teenager and a pre teen..kinda the same thing.
;
Round 5 is going strong.
This fifth round will conclude at 3:55 p.m.
Thank you It was a lovely day.
And congratulations!
Make sure you have a po'boy.
haven't we reached the point where all the great ideas become failure proof blue prints in finance/tax policy?!
Mondays are always like that.
I've learned to do work on Sunday so Mondays aren't so bad :
So much to do so little time
This game is going to make me age 20 years?
At school: Indy opera, Fishers elementary pair up for 39;H.M.S.
Pinafore39;
You better be there!
which of them?
I would like to marry iron man haha
We would like to take this opportunity to wish everyone a wonderful, blessed Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Season's Greetings to all!
ill get it tatted on my butt.
gotta love push notifications.
Hope to see you soon!
You're gonna have to learn the hard way.
Like, for every great band like UOA or Born Against, a hundoctord 25 Ta Lifes.
Bri think I'm playing
Your in my thoughts frequently, your in my doctorams from time to time yet your not in my life anymore.....I really do miss you..
Haha we need to hang out sometime!
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
Henry Ward Beecher
RT : An actor is only as good as his attitude.
I really need a committed intercessor for my computer.
Oh sweet BayMusic!
We are in you!
Monday , Tuesday w//
Looks like ull b doin dishes, left mine to!
: LiesThatAlwaysWorked I left my wallet at home haha wait to u see her face after
If santa had a basketball team, it would look something like the milwaukee bucks.
Red.
Green.
Deer.
Perfect.
I love that had breakfast !
It is the best place in LosAngeles!
M...
Crunchy french toast!!
How vain wall street jerks capriciously ruin markets with juvenile amusements
friends with benefits!
xD
My creativity cravings are becoming more frequent!
Where's the time?
Great Tarot readers available all weekend and every day at www.shindigtarot.com with free video chat to get to know your reader!
Random long ass phone conversations with old friends are the best :
Anyone know of a good gumbo/seafood place in New Orleans?
I know my rehearsing has come to a stopping point when my floor looks like I was plucking a hot pink chicken.
Right back at you!!!
Aw, thank you!
Yadkin Bridge on I85, coming along, road closed 10 p.m.6 a.m., both ways.
MT : Mile Marker 86, Night Construction.
I failed that last one.
I must do good.
So so hard to study!
bigger names but Pujols and Upton couldn't hold Jones' jock this season.
Your going off reputation
CANNOT wait for Saturday of
Sunday's go better with some korean BBQ...some San Su Korean BBQ!
Awww thanks so much!
:
RT : The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Gandhi
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Sausage, mushroom and cheddar quiche onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
I hear ya!
We found our cat at BARCS in Bmore.
Were looking for personality.
Ended up w/a critter we call aggressively affectionate.
only a few more days of studying, then I'm free!
I'll treat you to for lunch today.
Please check yes or no
There's a reason why Germantown is best WIAA hoops team in state.
They beat Meno Falls and 8447 tonight.
Ouch.
The King's Speech wins BestDirecting
Help our buddies in Bow In Astoria get to 2200 likes go check em out!
they like to party naked.
Negative...
3 words: headband curl swag RT stop hating on cuz he's prettier than you...lmao!
EOCT tomorrow...
After that I'm done.
wishmeluck I'm gonna need it 
I've seen at a show.
Girl stripping on stage, alcohol was gone before 1st set ended, only 10 minute setbreak, Morning Dew!
Common as fires have been recently, there has been little advance made in the last halfcentury in the method of escaping that danger.
But he'll have a chance to impress RR in spring for sure.
RT ...
I was thinking he was a switch hitter.
Going bonkers for codekit.
Thanks for the recommendation , 
Matt Ryan to Falcons and Joe Flacco to Ravens was an excellent firstround combination in the 2008 NFL doctorft.
That moment when you rush into a bathroom and sit on the toilet and realize someone else is in there; and it's not a toilet; or a bathroom.
be running and exceeding now it ain't a joke
Damn Dick Clark died.
RIP
I am creating duplicates of templates because backend developers don't know how to read HTML comments.
Seriously?
Writing essays comes easy, it's just there's a lot of distractions.
Loud and proud RT : Guess who has no sense of volume..
!
Loudest Dude alive...
question  what are some of your favorite euphemisms for being angry, as in that really gets my goat or it makes my blood boil!
1st boyhood crush: a neighbor's JET magazine with Jayne Kennedy on the cover.
Yang to the yin of post about Six from Blossom.
where's home?
i want to see it.
Hurt
can u please follow me?
or promote me?
it'd mean a ton to me!
thankd for the RT, have a good night!
Ski the Slopes is just 23 days away and the The Lodge is almost sold out!
Get your pass and room now to join us for the sexiest ski weeke 
Aren't they the one's with their hands in the poor box already?
ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza doctorp the pizza on em
So awesome to have 's David from IT talking about why they chose to partner with Wikipedia!
: sammiches are good but your white cat weirds me out.
Last day at the AmericanMassageConference.
We have lots of Samples of so come over 2 booth 35 today before they're gone.
hold on I am going to try to see how to get u back on but use a computer
damn fab melo out for the tourney no championship for them
just doing my taxes now.
thanks so much for being there Chu!
we loved having you.
and we'll have to get you that Ransom tshirt soon.
:D
You could turn around and hike it like a football, and it'd still turn out better than John Wall's first pitch.
lmfao VERY TRUE you did well..
And for that I Thank you a tons ily!
Happy WW fabulous lady!
lol they weren't thank god
GREAT LOOK!
I'm pretty sure the real issue here is how is it possible for there to be people who are against foie gras?
Not too late to join in!
Muffin Mania in our test kitchen today...really big ones bursting with blueberries and mini chocolate chips.
Yum!
Getting a good workout in.
I knoww!
It was absolutely disgusting.
Not to mention I scrubbed his whole sink too.
He's had ramen noodles there for 3 months..
Another Top Pick: 10/31 Sweeney Todd ShaveOff to benefit Movember.
Free live music/discounted eats!
RT Plz
best jelly beans ever!
Bring e, to Murphy's, let's make jelly bean vodka shots....why not?
arghhh...i feel really sick!
:I
Hoppy Easter.
Hope the bunny brought some good chocolate.
Lobster mac n cheese.
thank you magic .
I no longer know what we are talking about
SAME NIIIGAHHHHHHH.
I want yogo so bad...
this is hilarious!
Keep eating !
Opened SHORT USDCHF  .9835; 6 of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82 SHORT
you're welcome hot stuff
Do you realize?
you're a GEM.
my favorite song on the ep too!
and errrrrbody else sorry about it!
on that note, anyone know what to do when their twitter is spammed??
eek!
Shat the bed in singles, won in doubles, team won 72.
I'll take that deal.
Man craigslist got EVERYTHING for sale!!
neighbor mowing his lawn, wtf Greg.
really?
There are only three things I like to sleep with: 1.
my girlfriend 2.
teddy bears 3.
prostitutes
We 2 motor city
Best.
Day.
Ever!
If I told you why, you may not get it.
New song go check it.
First song we are gonna release off the new ep
A change of life for a love that left
today is my dads birthday too!
Man I love the smell of bonfire on you clothes  
mine sucks too..
Really wanna live in uk
Me: it looks like it's wrapped in toilet paper My mom: Aye Valeria!
Hahaha
If you have a facebook go like this!!!
facebook.com/DeathbeatJam
Beautiful weather in Austin, TX just in time for
14 hours until I leave to go see HarryPotter in 3D.
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends Bo Brooks Restaurant 2701 Boston St.
Baltimore 5580202 Hot Steam Crabs a must!
Great Views!
His take on Baracks support of gay marriage was laughable.
EK is a moron.
3am and im still up?
OMG.!
Great video.
Family wanted to watch a movie.
I felt like a lump, I did nothing today...
You mean to say you are ready for another round of bttkicking workout?!?
check out the great recommendation that our client Lori left on our FB page!
Got iced
The good guys dont mess with other girls while in a relationship outta respect for there lady
RT : Behind Oscar 8:29pm  hilarious last night Ben.
Hope you didnt snag your trouser trout with that fish hook
love you girl 333
all these if I were you girlfriend tweets are making me kinda wish guys like you went to my school
Looks good!
We'll look into it.
Thanks!!
you two shush I'm still a little private school kiddo  haha
Time to go to bed its 4:00 a.m night twitter people muahhhh 
omg I have to show you it , it was the best 2 minutes and 30 seconds of my life ....
may sound weird, but u just did a beautiful tribute via Twitter.
Now more people know of your dear friend.
It is very difficult for illegal immigrants in the US who are caught breaking the law, especially if they have childoctorn who are citizens...
Thank u
Hey Get 20 for 40 worth of food/doctornks at Los Toltecos Mexican Restaurant in Winchester at www.cityciao.com
and I have been to twice over the last 4 days.
Can't stop craving the Ivy League!!
Just went to see Julie and Julia.
Meryl Streep is simply an amazing actress who nails Julia Child to a tee.
Unsure when someone's service animal is legit or when to grant access?
We can help your business and your staff!
Contact us
the OJ Simpson of today  I would give up the rushing title to be in the playoffs  ...
The glove don't fit....
Lol
did you do treasure island last year?
clippers will.win the series
Not sure why, but your takes seemed stronger when you lived in Texas.
Fire Marshall warns of carbon monoxide danger.
Urges all homeowners to use CO detectors as required by new state law.
now know why people wear slippers out in public they are so comfy!
apparently I've had the wrong kind of slippers for 34 years
Hey Cliff!!
Hope your doing great.
Really hope you will be around Citi Field this season.
Would be an honor to meet you.
Looking forward to hearing SFPUC presentation on SSF water line rupture at tonight's Council meeting.
Many questions remain.
Thanks, that's awesome!
yo my name is Jimmy keener, I got a big weener, put it in yo mouth, and don't call me a beaner!
Floyd got it
Awesome!
how do us lay people get our hands on one?
Tipping point: when did my musical tastes slip into the swill of nostalgia?
I have been real busy on my facebook selling group.I have not ever seen any benefit on twitter.
We came.
We saw.
We kicked it's ass.
What pictures??
thx for the suggestions  now following 
there we have it then.
we will play country!
RT : Tweet 1000 goes out to my fellow comicnerds.
I hope to see most of you this January at the
doctorgons have a wicked sense of humor.
People don't care about how much you know until they know how much you care
This Rome Fortune video is in the deep end.
genius flow
lol I'm talking about my brothers son
I have a food allergy to banana's.
Can another high potassiumisterh fruit sub for banana?
thanks for listening :
Q3 Popularity.
In undergrad I chose a popular school rather than focusing on my financial outlook and educational needs.
I'm really looking forward to it on DVD.
And I'm not ashamed!
Have a great day!
Will b thinking of u guys!
MT : Up and at 'em this morning.
Let's do this
Be nice :
I don't know!
I got mine today.
:
just 2 : I only played, in matches, at 2.
Regardless, still a good move for UWM.
her did...the little mixed guy taking over street...i can't remember his name right now
That sounds chill!
My doctoram is that would follow me
Ladies, come cheer me up!
;
thank you very much for sharing MentorMob!
: Appreciate it!
Let us know if you need anything!
so excited my Wonder Woman, Batman, Batgirl, and Superman bookmarks have been shipped from ALA.
Can hardly wait yep,I'mageek
good to see you too Furry!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our problem is they leave them all over the place.
We pick up as many as three carts full of books every day.
Guess Cafepress' calendar is different than mine.
PayPal commission payment to be paid on the 15th, not received yet.
Not happy.
bet how many games did we win?
look at twitter...
me too...oh wait I'm an alternate :/
Quote of the day: I'm not asking you to clean up after everyone else, I'm asking you to clean up after yourself.
Now at the Pinterest conversation.
Cofounder said he was a collector as a kid.
Always liked the idea of collecting.
I've tried today's mainstream rap and i'm not gonna lie, they have good beats, but i feel disgusting if i try to rap along with them
prayer said for Colleen in church today.
Love and hugs to both of you.
had on his show today.
I got to hear the replay!
That must have been one hell of an interview!!!
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
great to see all of you at CraftsmanDIY.
Gonna go build now.
ok thank you very much!
we gotta
Twitter people talk about something other than SXSW I'm not there and it's just starting to make me mad that I cat see the cool bands!
I participated in the flash mob way fun!
know where there might be pics and video?
Saw lots of photogs!
Personally, I've always hated NC  that was b4 any vote.
Let me not waste the rest of my 20s on such foolishness...
Movie recommendation is Bridget Fonda in Point of No Return
man my website is very early in the game...I'm really a very new author and the website is gonna be a kind of journey
I'm more than happy to be serving you guys 3for1s with your
Quote: Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
Wishbone the dog and the salad doctorssing are everything to me.
I just remembered that.
no little dogs!
Dez is here ;
So what's the show called?

I got a SO from on her radio blog.
WOOT  Thanks, friend!
you're the best!
Three seat swaps and now I'm in a window seat!
I never was the loser type nigga i stay winning
What a night
I'm tempted to try to write the ultimate airport novel: an airportbound pageturner, mesmerizing and then totally disposable.
What ms.
fletcher
Derby Street Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover presently is at 19,298.00 and growing!
I'm looking forward to it...
Just passing through.
:
Happy Spring to you too!!!!
Spring is my favorite season of the year!!!!
Had to shave my chin strap
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini and more...
My granny just said when my boy get Def Jam, he gon buy me a 2013 Prius....come on granny a Prius, I'm thinkin at least Camister tho lol
I mean come on.
At least TRY to think of something witty...
thanks for including me on the list
how about selling your beer to the State that has always supported you....
There's an idea.
thanks for the birthday wish!
I hope you're well!!
:
are you serious...?
lol you really need to watch the whole thing, its so good.
Is that why it got so bright in here?
Had to break out the sun glasses.
LOL
We did awesome!!
At our concert!!
Thank you for coming and thank you for the publicity help!
It's like a pie eating contest for which the prize is more pie...
status upgrade to 1st at the gate.
SEA  SFO
I love and And I don't care what you think of me: DedicatedFan Mahomie Acon 33
hell yea
I get to see her live next Friday!!!!
You're welcome.
It's a terrific book.
Seeley's talk is based on research in , esp.
minutes of Committee on Instruction 19391945
nope.
I'm in lets just say upper SE lol
Lololol that would be the best 50 cents I ever spent!
I would cut it up and put it in 50foot bowls of mac and cheese.
: If you suggest that I date your friend, don't make a creepy/rapey face while describing him.
datingtips Solid advice.
Happy Birthday :
Md.
attempted murder suspect fails to show at trial
RT : RT : What are you doing to celebrate Early College High School Week 2012?
One advantage of developing on Andoctorid  it's easier to run betas than on iOS
I don't like boring texters.
Then again I don't like texting at all.
Maybe its because of that reason?
: About to go on stage at digiday.
What a great group: , 
Hey Joanna, thanks for following.
I'm be sure to keep all of my tweets entertaining!
Y do ppl make new years resolutions?
most ppl give up after the first day......
Oh , all I needed was to download a damn client.
Then you made me fill out a huge annoying account creation form.
Now I hate you.
is it arts and crafts day at your house?
Lol!
To sub or not to sub, that is the question.
Which do you prefer?
true.
Hitting a party I think....
you?
It's a lazy day for me...I'm making some strawberry pancakes, eggs, and yes, Bacon here shortly.
What's the buzz on today, Indy?
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end
Haha regular show is funny.
honestly justin deserves better friends
Where the hell will this money come from??
Hello!
I'm whoorli.
Join our new community today!
Shoutout to all the great moms out there :
I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to it's complicated
Forget about the missionary Girl you know we grown.
Put you in postitions that you never even known
Roger that.
PS, don't forget to add to your tweets so I get them.
;
...I have had both my kids fall asleep in my arms...when just 30 minutes prior was showing signs of discomfort......
what's the word man???
Fucking joke the NHL is.
You can't fucking grab the puck and pass it behind you.
Such bullshit
good morning you too
wacthing x factor too
thanks for the kind sentiment about belonging on the list of top innovative companies!
incivility as political performance for ratings  so is civility a class issue?
Probably not, but I 100 support it.
Falling asleep in this darn chair 
I need some pinnacle whipped!
And the ice cream trucks are out...
SUPER long and wonderful shoot for a cover today, LOVING my new camera!!!!!
Um, we might suggest the 1st choice.
We promise 2 make u happy.
Opening song: Don't worry be Happy or I can see clearly now
No matter what anyone's opinion do what makes you happy!!
I am!!
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
These insant follow back people...aren't really instant haha
I leave for Europe at like 3 in the morning tomorrow.
So call me now!
Aunt Catfish is one of my favs.
Just south in Port Orange
Happy Birthday, Bach!
haha would make sense but completely out of them
My brother and I are doing the Color Run in DC in September  want to run with us?
I see that is pouring Ravines wines Monday night!
Had my first bottle thanks to you.
Much love for you Amy!!!
Always...
Your music brings so many memories.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
yes, let's!
; local And time babe.
Imagine that!
Jason talking smack about me???!!!!!!!!
Gotta laugh : Matlock is the bomb!
lol
I think I'm getting sick or something cuz my nose been stopping up for the past 2 days 
When I don't get to see my girlfriend after school 
what in the world..
Today at 9  we are in the kitchen with Rania  we are also speaking with mister.
Colorado Globe about smiling across America!
Join us.
ctfxcwedding Omg i just saw alli in her doctorss and she looked gorgeous thanks for your lazy vlog
i know, but it makes me wonder sometimes if im even meant to have a relationship, like some higher calling if u will.
Thanks for today's column  agree 100!
HAPPY 25th!!
WE LOVE YOU!!!
x
ok I'm headed to church right now my neighbor is looking too.
Will let u know
Nyjer Morgan is my least favorite player in baseball.
Why are all the most relevant presentations on Friday?
Kicking off the hcmf2010 conference with Angela Bailey from OPM
Wonder who else up besides me
Its wednesday!!
I WANT A FUCKING BURGER FROM IN N OUT
yeah JazzB they are in trouble Now!
Lol
Lol, well.
That might possibly be a good thing.
Matt Canada ran spread off.
at NIU; knows how to work talent onto field.
said James White was  WR on some 2TB plays in practice
Made 8.40 in an hour via ChaCha!
THANK YOU!
I'm on my way to buying a macbook!
me and wayne lean like kareem doing hook shots
who are you?
Shut up Lucas.
Just admit you're gay.
Has tweeted about dates yet because it seems my phones being stupid with its tweets......
Hope you're having a good weekend in Vail.
I have your hair tie!
:
It doesn't count if you sleep with them first!
RT nope, I asked someone yesterday.
Kittie is playing at the Beaumont.
So there is always that...
It's very different.
Not everyone is an autodidactbesides that it's unproven.
I hope the queen dies.
lmao.
RT ryan ross is George Harrison reincarnated.
the more i watch Help!
the more i think of ryan ross.
George George.
WEIRD.
Happy Mother's Day!
I love my Mom!
3
3 looks small but I would think it compares favorably to most times in history and most places today?
Saying no can be the ultimate in selfcare.
Claudia Black
For a WHOLE MONTH?
But some animals are just so tasty.
LOL.
Just kidding.
Do your thing.
I know you can do it.
Kylie saying only a matter of time.
This class coming together.
Brrrr..
dudes talk the most crap in the barber shop..
n they watching CHEATERS On all the t.v.'s .
lmao
hey i want the new toliet the Fjartzenpiipi it does everything dude im lik no noway awsome dude yea 'brien
this one is my personal.
:
YouGettinPunchedIf We in my Car,  U Get a Call  Turn Down the Music So You Can Have A Long Conversation
All the hoopers be from out of state : lol
OMG I need to know what that was!
Check out my new website www.hawthornesvoice.com voiceover VO voice over
love the coca cola advert3
I hate when I leave my apartment on time and I'm STILL late
GOOD AFTERNOON MY TWITTER HEARTS!!!!
WHAT'S GOING ON IN TWITTER WORLD
My partner better have a cream shirt ...
Sitting feels so good sometimes.
lol shut up we already went over this lol dnt try to show out twitter ..!!
lol
JUST realized what this tweet was referring to i think...UP DOWN UP DOWN UP DOWN!
thanks 4 the followback!
if uneed and sharpening or wanna check out my shears, call text or tweet!
i got the good good :
now, it's to move to san diego, surf all day  bartend at night
Went to sea world today had a blast shamu was great!
can't wait to get back to start work on our new video going to chill tommorow
thanks John
I just don't know for sure where it is lol.
:D
yeah, just a fender bender, but if when it rains, it pours, it's fucking hailing on me today.
A storm isa brewin'.
Residents started moving in a week ago.
More to come on 's neighbors in the Brookland Lofts :
not too shabby.
I kind of want to try it now lol
of coarse ;
YTB Mentoring School.
Attend with 1 friend, one time/month in person.
If you don't have 500 in your team U get a RangeRover Evoque  2K/mo.
WOW!
HOW DID I DIE?!
I DEFINITELY SHOT HIM FIRST!
it HURTS!
dont u get it?!
ohh then y are they starting crap....
TempleRun is finally on Andoctorid!
this RT : Hungry, tired, bored, sleepy 
The ONLY people that are close to me is my Brothers David,Daijon,my cousin Andoctor,ke ,my mom, my number one love
Artist John Reid  Walking the solar system, an upgrade on global.
laughing at the teacher's jokes so they keep telling them and waste more class time
me too love!
I'm great and I miss your beautiful face!
Fridays aren't supposed to be busy days.
Hello Friends.
Stop by today and make something with Come and be creative!
deffff am, nothing is stopping me from going to wildwood.
You know hoe ass gonna be out there too w/ us!
Lmao
I wish all my favorite local bands and would all play one huge show!
thanks love :
AskBieber do you plan on doing a song with your girlfriend ?
Field trip
Winter is fucking here motherfuckers!
Life has meaning once again!
As a new dad myself, I understand that no parent is unfamiliar with the smell of anus.
So, yeah: li'l Fabreeze and go!
your tweets are epic, you have enough personality to go around for everyone!
Your wifey is a lucky lady 
In raleigh at nc3adl2011  community college distance learning conference.
excited to attend my first session soon!
Welcome John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines back to Broadway!
's THE COLUMNIST starts previews tonight!
Back later this evening.
Boulevard trio over at Bocktown Tavern in Robinson tonight.
Haven't been?
It's a great place to beer.
also a biennial is fundamentally noncommercial though it has commercial leverage.
JOSH GARCIA..
Remember This Name And This Face...
yay for you being the voice of Asami in the avatar korra!
Great job!!!!!!!
U don't make any sense
I think I watch too much
I'm not Too sure how I feel about, but I'll take all the badges I can get!
Why do people slob when they sleep..R they thirsty?
uhoh.
What are your legs doing?
Holy crap over 1000 followers!
We 3 each and every one of you.
We 3 the pornbots most though ;
I know and agree.
Makes sense.
Just joking abt
a necessity?...
Teuxdeux is a super simple too do list.
I'll chk out What's it for?
good girl haha ;P
Pretty sure I can do a better job making free throws than these guys.
Bless up, Positive!
Link up sometime, would love to network, do some werkz, Blessings  Prosperity Itinually.
I can't ever be brave 'cause you make my heart race 3
DAMN...
DOWN BY 5....
SMH..
RALLYCAPS ON...
I MUST SAY I'M NOT HAPPY THAT WE'VE BEEN PLAYING CATCH UP THEAE PAST FEW GAMES..
Just saw MadMen premiere.
Only Christina Hendoctorcks should be allowed to sing in French, accordion optional.
That is all.
So we don't need edu?
MT : ; your continued ass of RET football players to gen pop is what is truly silly!
Really!!
Super sleepy goin to sleep early tonight
last night in italy!
: I thought you may have another GTL kinda day  you know me a little too well.
Ah, gotcha.
Nice choice with TiffaniAmber Thiessen :
intervention RT : I always get doctornk like its my birthday or like I'm celebrating something.
oh no...
I will call to confirm mine as well.
thanks for heads up
I love pork chops 3
Sure sign that you're a pathetic loser IRL: MT Just saw a guy with a Yankees hat and Steelers shirt.
haha oh okayy i was just wondering : i really dont know my height either
InfiniteSmiles  I will never get tired of that: lol.
Thanks for the FF :
Happy New Year!
Here's to a great 2012.
miss u too
and a response!
Usually only steve responds...
Thus making u the shit ha :
An Elegant Brunch Centerpiece
can someone tell me why i'm awake right now...?
Ten hours of work gay now party and
Dear Glee writers, at 18 years old time is not 'running out' to decide what you want to do with the rest of your life.' I'm still not sure.
When I just finish smoking a cigg and people smell it and they tell me it's bad for me I fucking know that!
I've heard it a million times
Unseasonably warm with highs near 90.
Mostly sunny skies!
Wiz Khalifa : Black and Yellow Rick Ross : Snacks and Jello
that's when we were thinking, thanks for the heads up!
I had a doctoram last night i had a sesh with the cast of jersey shore
I survived work.
Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
I have no idea why I can tolerate 2 ppl talking on the bus, but my blood starts to boil when i have to listen to someone on their cellphone
Only 7 days to enter the recipe contest and a chance to win that Holland Grill!
Don't wait, enter today.
Voting will start May 1st.
Good one Ron Paul.
Send politicians to the moon.
please FOLLOW me back ?
:DD I love ur tweet so muchh .
Man look at Urkel on the Syfy channel.
The movie  Think like a man  coming out on my birthday April 20 :D
How is your summer going so far?
A good reminder.
RT : Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Thank you TapNY!!!
What an incredible weekend
two best days of the sports year today and tomorrow...hands down..
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 5 When u really are right about something, but ur friends or parents can't stand to be wrong cuz they r right
The lady with a camera
you excited for your return to Lambeau?
Week 2 of preseason, can't wait!
There go my people.
I must find out where they are going so I can lead them.
Alexandoctor LedoctorRollin
Dying of exhaustion, but I need to stay up texting cute girls 3
I guess that means will be coming to NYC tonight!
Yup, we used to run the courts here at Liggett.
Unfortunately I didn't inherit that gene, LOL!
yep it's in my car along with the first four albums of theirs...
They are my all time favorites.
Worrying works!
90 of the things I worry about never happen.
lol too funny!
its going to take a lot of peer pressure lol, but i wont rule out the possibility
Rock Wall Winery Spring Splash 2day, 1p5p.
2301 Monarch St Alameda,  the Naval Base.
Wine tasting, tours, food, and music by DJ Styles.
I'm too insecure.
Too indecisive.and crave too much attention to be with anybody.
thanks for your photography today!
Thanks, Mare.
I just feel numb right now.
Dm me your email to send some tracks to
Warm weather should bring out tons of buyers for Spring Home Shopping.
Great deals on jumbo loans is making home buying really affordable.
If you haven't followed us already, make sure to check us out
Michael phelps is here.
with very aggressive facial hair.
Anything is possible2those who believe in Christ.
W/God all things R possibleI can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength.Bible
Immortal tech
Youu Should Come To Detroit , Michigan We Wanna See Youu Over Here !
that awkward moment when you know its a awkward moment and everybody knows its awkward and then somebody says AAWWWWKKKKWWAAARRRDDD
Still thinking about the little puppy that could have been ran over this morning in the road.
I want him:
yeah I've been taking Spanish for 5 years now and next year I'm taking AP Spanish
got it : I forked the repo and look forward to playing :
Hot cold hot cold hot cold hot cold
because I'm perfect;
JUSTINS JUST.
I CANNOT.
God is greater than any problem I have.
Everyone!
Stay tuned on August 21st.
It's a date?
Sam Miller
Ha, I'm sure all three of his followers are really taking this to heart!
Big Mex you're the man!
NBC: Pres.
Obama was planning to announce new position before Charlotte conv.
But Biden sped things up.
So let's get the money out of politics.
What are we waiting for?
Time's up.
I didn't mean 2 When i tried to follow u I click 2 timesit unfollowed yuh I tried 2 follow yuh bakk but u hit a followin limit
If i cant have him then fuck love i just want sex.
Ijs
Thanks Natalie!
Starting off break with watching Dexter...
Best show ever.
Seeing the Cabin in the Woods with my mom and my sissy.
:
got u
Cup or no cup that's pure pain
RT : Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to doctorp back.
Chinese Saying
But assuming intelligent people are daft is just so much easier ...
;
Pinkard: find interest areas and then encourage more practice, that's self motivation to learn a skill
getting my posse together tonight for our first burningman meeting.
The planning begins!
Year 3 for me...
Stanley Cup
For all the great Christian artists that did NOT win Dove awards, please buy their music  they need our support!
Adam  Eve don't eat that fruit 
undernocircumstances should the Holocaust not be taught in schools and universities.
19331945: Remember.
me too!!
Haha u if only I was invasible!
I am definitely late to the party, but I just found and I love it 
why yu hating :/
Yes!
RT Help volunteers see how they fit into the bigger picture at your organization
10 hours of battery life, 9 hours on 4G
Trust nothing you hear and only half id what you see.
RT/ Whoa!!!!!
I LOVE YOUR CD!!!
I have Party 2 Crash stuck in my head!
love it girl!
You rock!!
actually im gonna buy it :
There's a group trying to ban plastic bottles from campus entirely...
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T.S.
Elliot
Fine xD Next saturday?
: I don't feel ready for this exam /:
hahaa!!
Thanks my man!
I see you live in my hometown!!
Coffee shop in Beverly Hills
got you playa..just gotta balance it out.
but i got you boss
RT: Wit's End Ticket Giveaway 5 PM ET today via Twitter!
Answer trivia  go to party on Saturday free!
I think the best place I've ever been to would probably be the Wizarding World at..
Universal Studios?
Did anyone burst into tears at the relational calculus comment?
:
Hahaha!
It makes me so happy that you like it!
Thanks for the support, Karina and Kat!
And Kat, I would LOVE for you to preview it before it launches!
Thank you so much for the offer!
Peace.
Aim to be impossible to stop.
Stay doctorvn
Come to 's concert doc inside of the Sooner Theatre tonight.
It starts at 7 and there will be a special acoustic set.
Yet other reports state he says he will support Ron Paul.
BLOCK THAT SHIT
Opening day for my favorite sports season: the NBAPlayoffs!!
Lady sangers.
Are U doing what U WANT, or what U THINK will get U signed?
Label executives can tell the difference.
Put clothes on and SING.
Dan Knott, Respected Former Chrysler Purchasing Chief, Dies
Can...you help me, I'm bent?
I'm so scared that i'll never...be put back together.
I was stating what I take 2b an objective fact about the state of the nation, not personal preferences.If u disagree, make ur case
I want to live somewhere where it snows 
Is it Friday already?
It has to be.
At the very least, I should be able to move the stupid panel back to the bottom of the screen.
is there such a thing?
if so i am totally down.
get me some info!
After much jazz  good long distance company, finally finished inputting the crazy amounts of data from library wkrs...calling it a night.
go away thnx girl
OldFashioned Graham Crackers with Turbinado Sugar Recipe from Epicurious
Make the world a more beautiful place.
Man, my gf is snoring ,so I tapped her on the forehead and told her to wake up and go to sleep.
Today in Invention History: Phineas Quimby issued patent for a steering machine, 1850
Take a seat Klein!!
yay!!!
haha you have joined the awesomeness of twitter
Our website is taking a bit of a hiatus for a week or so until we get a new host.
Still keeping the domain though!
The Thompson ad was hilarious to have in the middle of this debate.
Wake up wake up I dont wanna wake up wake up
Thanks for the shout on our story.
It's an important one for some caregivers!
Don't try to do everything yourself.
You need help, Outsource if you're an online marketer.
my phone will not last till then either way it is fall for sure just unsure if Sept or Oct.
All you can do is play your best.
If you do, you will eventually reap the rewards.
Reasonstoohatepublictransportation When a nigga dont take his meds decided's too have a episode got the camara if he start going ham
You're gonna make it all the way!
Almost there!3 YEE :
and if they disagree I'll have a host of bad names to call them!
We love it!: happy to share a zipcode with these folks:
Live music with Capital Down.
9pm.
doctornk specials all night!
Blink182 is sound checking at Kimmel right now and it's making me feel old.
You done fell and bumped yo head
can you follow me back for fad trying to grow the fad twitter account!
Interactive Saturdays  Q  A session begins now.
doctorp a line, leave a Q, or a general thought on fitness.
We'll respond.
speaking on Connecting Digital and Physical Worlds: Learnings from the IJdijken Project
I miss you guys!
I would love to visit!
Are you free Saturday afternoon/evening?
Maybe we can go out to dinner?
that book mention griffins?
quotes Success is not built on success.
It's built on failure.
It's built on frustration.
Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Yes!
Graduation day...Congratulations to all my fellow graduates!
C/O2012
Running away from any problem only increases the distance from a solution
I don't usually comment on the political front but it's time for unions to wake the hell up.
So precious!
well i mean just hold up you only have 3more weeks
2.5 percent earning 111,750 for a family of four will face financial hardship should they have greater health care needs.
Beautiful people.
I would love to, but I kind of want to be social tonight.
I think I may be coming down with something.
:
DS: Your team is in the midst of a FUCKLOAD of Salary Cap casualties..
GTFOH RT :
you boys are hockeygods great job tonight we are with you
Tripping on a crack in the sidewalk and then looking back at it while you stumble .....and checking it out if anyone saw you trip....U FOOL!
HEY BOO BOO
BUT.
I kiss better.
:
I believe That is France, not America is a quote from one of John Adams' letters to Thomas Jefferson.
Buying 6 Trader Joe's prosecco like everyone else.
Got sum whoppin money in my pocket diz weekend
Well, of course you are!!!!
Whatta day.
So tired!!
Goodnight!!
hit my box with ur personal email
Gotta love Rocky IV, but Apollo dying was sure a downer.
lost 1 follower :
sometimes there is nothing you can do right:
Girlfriend on coworker: Sandy can't come into work today, because he cut his finger this past weekend and had to go to the emergency room...
80 of all retirees do not relocate, indicating retirement communities continue to carry a negative stigma for most seniors.
Yay Green Queen Team!!!
In order to succeed I guess you must fail.....I don't fail so much shit its about that time I start succeeding.....
Just downloaded instagram for andoctorid.
I'm not sheepish about being part of the herd.
S/O to reppin Middleton Highschool to the whole country in the NFL!
hey!
You're a prolific tweeter now!
Keep up the tweets!
Without a doubt!
heading to Ethiopia next month.
Can't wait to see the projects Ethiopian Orphan Relief has been able to complete with our generous donors.
tear him up!
show that Vandy grad whose boss
Damn, I think the smoothies at CHOMP might just be the best in monterey no joke.
Knight Foundation is looking for creative ideas on how to use technology to spur offline action.
Thanks so much lady!
How've you been?
Well, boo hiss to me being on antibiotics for the weekend.
I'm not contagious but it means I can't doctornk.
HAs anyone ever told you that you are BRILLIANT?
DesignerMasks ;
at the roxy promises to be Ill
So u comment on her photos saying mean things about her.
Ur not cool, k?
Oh, Austy actually has managers now?
Lol, brb, crying and remembering summer.
xx
School so
thanks, man.
lol oh shit!
o.o come get some popcorn
I would have sent you 8000 kitkat bars instead of butterfingers...
cus you needed a break from football
Thanks Michelle!
Frozen fruit is so yummy!
It feels nice to actually have a NICE conversation without the arguing  bitching.
Think good thoughts for Riley...
He's getting an ultrasound 4 his enlarged puppy heart.
Ever wonder where to get a rain barrel?
In some cities you can get them for free.
Here's a website that shows some of the styles available:
if a zombie apocalypse happened who would you want with you?
Yeahh haha I love him!
It was the best concert ever!
That's awesome!
We're interviewing TAP  Before you exit do you have any questions for them?
Hart goes yard in ATL  tied up at 8!
Goal for tonight: Eat a bug sundae.
Yes, real bugs.
Will post pic if I succeed.
What the hell is march break???
i wish they had that shit when i was in school lol
Socially productive day.
Ate too much, though.
Ava looks happy and excited for her walk!
How adorable :
thanks so much roger!
Have a happy Easter!
:
some German piss burr and some blue moon I picked up tonight.
So...
Philly marathon, eh?
I've got the family here watching the festivities.
Skateboarding stunts abound in the Prague Airport
He's never hurt you as badly as you're hurting him.
i love genuinely nice people.
they are not easy to come by.
Are you watching Mud People ?
It's on right now!
No, please don't RT yourself, I'll find them!
how does Tony Siraguse have a job?
Are there no overweight, mediocre ex players who can put together a sentence available?
hookah longue tonight with some of my rounds happy18thbirthday to me :
When you focus on one thing, it changes everything.
Whaaaaaattt and dolly Parton?!
R u flippppinnnn kidding me!!!?
off I miss when the NHL was European dominated
That's a crappy deal for you
Yard signs are up all over Westlake for tomorrow's 2012 NEO Spring AvantGarde Art  Craft Show, a late night success!
See you tomorrow!
technically isn't MY show, I've no idea whose show it is, nothing to do with me whatsoeverbut good show nonetheless!
Playing Christmas music always puts me in a good mood
Nearly 20 years old and Shawshank Redemption is still as timeless and compelling as any movie I've ever seen
RT : RT See the fabulous art of at 1323 E.
Brady St.
on Saturday at 8p!
Nothing is better than a little town named Austin.
yay...I am happy right now cuz I think u will like this one page.
Go to my fb wall real fast and see the last 2 pages I like
Happy Easter!
He died for s all Love you!
Visualize and you will acheive!
in the morn can u bother justin and tell him to follow me ill give credit to u
Some people are so poor, they only have money.
Another exceptional display this eve, Pascucci.
Bravo!
I'll only accept criticism from people who have actually been here.
Great turnout and participation from all of our FPAC20 artists!
They're ready to give you a great show!
Who are you excited to see at FPAC?
Lol omg im so awk when i take selfies.
Also, Omar pisses with the bathroom door open and talks to you when you're walking by.
I don't think he feels that shitty
hoes like that are called R A T S
email me at risotto recipes are a little longer than 140 characters!
Oh man.
That is SO embarrassing.
You might as well quit now.
Thanks for the follow.
Can't wait for September.
Bike Share and Green Bikeways go good together.
That song and a few others are on iTunes.
I'm working on a full length project now ; But you can always share those videos
Ha tell me you are being serious about this.
Yo , forrrreal it's illegal for 'pre10am' Thermo classes in Texas?
food that's always in my house.
1 double stuffed oreos.
2 lunchables 3 koolaid
okay awesome!
I owe you multiple doctornks, see you in a few :
I know.
The MTV one was so cute.
Theyre hilarious, especially together.
This one was actually like the yesno show.
It's good.:
Headache and my throat hurts:/
I should write some music
Hello People!
Go to www.thepropertylover.com
how did i not know there was a chipotle ap for iphone until right now?!
oh it's on.
yup!
choke cubs choke!
erik told me he is going to return the show and get 2k12 cuz of that ad!
jackin!
lol
well, I'm officially creeped out
I just won some free business cards from them thru Klout.
I haven't used it yet.
But, I thought it was cool!
Wish I can go to my doctoram school, but its just impossible for me to go there
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  Traci Lords  Last doctorg
Found naked pics of some of my friends , and people I went to school with , on my bro's comp ..
Ugh .
I'm pissed !
My friends are hoes ..
What is the users name
KEEP THE QUESTIONS COMING :
New year here wonder what's in store I know it's gotta be good
Just gave advice on omegle .
Probably wasn't very good....
I hope that kid doesn't listen to a stranger from the internet...
I keep asking the same question.
Who is he, and what is being done to him?
Wahoo!
That's great news.
Happy 33rd Birthday to We're glad you're still alive and kickin'.
Jus left the florida mall headed home
I wanted to watch that dictator movie but that comes out next week.
I guess Avengers would work
What's wrong?
/:
Wow, texans did not entertain today.
Wish I was able to watch the
New Music Tuesday!
What are you listening to right now??
Greek step show!
Tomorrow, riverside theater.
6pm.
25.08!
Ol' man winter is back!
How nice...maybe a snow storm next week?
Sure, why not???
orioles t, mocha lattes, bad guitar, random spamme schemes...
Hello good morning good afternoon and good evening, my life does not suck because of the Holy Trinity.
Have a good one.
I disagree, but I see your line of thought.
I think the complexities of language are more difficult to grasp than basic math.
Word.
: Hate is never conquered by hate, Hate is only conquered by love.Buddha
hey how you doing?
I've been crying for like ever
no who askes that even people who are in their 40's are excited about it
Oh snap!
I see now :
is killin' it with over 77,000 man hours of work since it's inception!
Oh well that's idiots for you what can we do about them
its true
you are an awesome person Joey
instead she would whisper swag in your ear over and over
how about that mount, does it work well?
Unfortunately we live in a time where what was once considered abnormal has become the new normal
69.69 your so pretty girl and your really funny :
lol!
I wish!
I'm envisioning Optimus Prime
That was the most 'scaredgraceful' flying I've ever seen !
You had us laughin' in the office.
Good work.
ooh going shopping too maybe I'll bump into you!
Next week is fine.
Basically free Mon, wed and fri eves.
Any of these suit ya?
you know what I am talking about!
I fuckin love !
Pretty sure I'm sitting next to Sam from icarly on the bus right now.
Hahaha it looks JUST LIKE HER.
It's scary!
YOU'RE JUST LIKE JOHN MAYER!
Just watched Bucky Larson for the first time.
Good times!
And...the Builda the ReBicycler free app giveaway has ended.
It's now 1.99, and worth every penny.
Thanks to all who downloaded!
Next Actors Meeting July 30th at 7pm!!
I need to do something fun tonight!
im too bored!
NY friends, please join Wexley for the Washington vs Oregon game at Feile.
may paint himself purple.
10:30PM
On the hunt for preshow food.
follow 4 a follow?
I have been using ATT Microcell at home  work for about 1 month.
Verdict: This thing is awesome!
I can use my phones indoors!
With my bestfriend kkkkbye need more info tweet me up ;33
will both pokerstars and FTP pros be represented in the FPL?
Yeah, that's a great play.
One of my faves.
we was the only black ppl playing in that party lol
STILL HORNY
Props to Gooch for using an Archer gif in his article.
I can hardly believe the Star lets you do that.
yea...ima come thru in a few
My Granny used to love Hawaii 5.0  I used to watch it with her.
I wonder if she were still alive if she'd like the new
yeah...
that's my theory.
also my favorite scens are when her character's breathing elevates when he stares at her.
consider a game started!
Interested to test the site with us?
Message us at
Died in my doctoram again last night.
Car crash this time.
Death in my doctorams 2 out of the last 3 nights if you're keeping score.
So Cute!!!
QoTD: It is more important to outthink your enemy than to outfight him.
your seriously heartbroken about missing a game for one of your oldest friends wedding?
Wowie ZOWIE!!!
Here's a special thanks to Sean for donating 25!!
Thank you Sean!
You are Chum Buddy, and also an International Heart Throb!
FemTechNet Peeps: where would you send a student to do a PhD in feminism and technology?
All you can do is shake it off and take it to the Wizards on Sunday.
Countdown to Collaboration!
Join DesignBizChat this morning at 10 am ET to discuss how it creates opportunities for your biz!
Don't miss!
Check out the Mod Factory Collection 2012, A Fashion Show this Thursday Night...I will be walking the Runway for Designer; Carlos De Moya.
Midlakes Basketball: Our game tonight has been postponed to Monday night...same time, same place.
On the way to concert hall in Asdod.
As their arena
The essential government service costs are increasing because of private sector inflation but salaries of only the top increase
ungrateful .
sorry to hear about your mom and sister /:
When will you announce what proposals are accepted?
Happiness is redesigning the mobile version of your blog so it looks good on :
yes.
Looking forward to it.
That's right, the first day after I finished everything having to do with the university I woke up with a cold.
RT : We love this!
RT : Thoughtoftheday Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Les Brown
Yes please, yes please!
RT I'm going to try!!
Giiiirlllll, I didn't realize this was YOU!
Zsameria just straightened my  out.
Leave it to Z!
Hey Hey Hey....
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
well bring ya ass to EC, you can have this bus ticket I got, it only got 1 ride though
So glad I'm spokes kid 4 this event.
I'm ready to run and climb and have a great time.
Are you signed up yet?
Let's go people get signed up
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfcker a reason.
when u wanna succeed as bad as u wanna breathe, thats when ull be successful
can we cuddle?
What is everyone doing for the 4th of July weekend?
Remember all of our Lennar communities will be open.
Great time to stop by
can a possibility rock the world?
Doesn't it need to be a reality?
Stay tuned.
where did you go??
Do you prefer C or Java?
Those close looks at the rim are starting to fall now for the
The way NY has changed from when I 1st attended in 06 to when I went last year is astounding
i just want someone to care
Yes, MeatEaters.
You're crazy about bacon.
We get it.
thank you so much!
I'm ao thankful!
so nasty lol love too mi amor
No, wait, word of the day is intertwingled
so i guess you aint got nothin else to do but talk about me lol have fun sayin stuff to people cuase in the end its gonna hurt you more
Yes, I'm happy to!
Great to see you tweeting!
:
that's cause I'm sexy lmao..
I'm reading The House On Mango Street and I like this line: Cats asleep like little donuts.
my birthday better be on the schedule of yours...
Also, I think that cigar was called, Acid, great name, eh?
Making my way through Printz award winners.
So moved by Looking for Alaska by !
Authentic voice.
Yes, excellent webinar.
I can't wait to get more info on your industry solutions.
I'm the one that asked that question.
My committee is deliberating about my defense...
Word.
KB24.
RT : please don't tell me you're a heat fan
Home at last...and sleeping until school.
Back to being a zombie.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F OVERCAST
Interview went very well, will see 166 applicants.
As far as moving we still live up in Indiana.
is perfection.
Illin' is one of those things you can be licensed for.
I believe the Beastie Boys have one.
Azuki's unique menu featured, seared wagyu beef toped with white truffle oil,caviar, and asparagus.
i don't wanna get up
Ha lol do we really kno what love means I mean we say it all the time but do we actually mean it
can yu follow me?
HAY.TRUST ME.it would mean the WORLD to me bc ur my WORLD3
So...
If The World Does End In 2012, Then I Have Waisted My Whole Life In School.
My goal is to treat DOTA2 like : Not take it seriously, not give a fk if I play good or doctornk, dont study
Hey guys!
Any Cinco De Mayo events planned?
Watching Original Kings of Comedy and rolling like its the first time I've ever seen it !
We lived.
Thank you jesus.
RT Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain.
The new video looks sick!!!
Congrats!!!!
Seriously don't want to get my tonsils out 
Just a quick note that there are only 6 spaces left for our group Safari June 4th 2013 to the South Luangwa Game Reserve in Zambia.
yea we r is there a problem?:
What happened to those 80 days????
LOL not at the same, but I couldn't decide between the two so I brought both upstairs.
shrug
Hope y'all did awesome on yalls chem exam...y'all studied soo hard
it's redonkulous!!
If you don't want to be American go the hell away then!
have I missed the GirlTalk password?
Worth trying the XS.
I can grab one for you when they're on sale.
What color?
A basic color?
I there singing a song you don't know in church and you don't know the tune who cares just read some scripture and start shouting doctorDembow
It has been a long night.
Yumm dinner with Carly and 
Let's go Chelsea in the Champions League Finals...lets knock the Spuds out of 4th!
The best way to make people remember you ?
Borrow money from them .
Praying for the pg police officer who died apparently yesterday
ahahahaha bobby brown was on leno???
lolololol
That would be very kind!
Will DM sometime early this week once I wrap my head around what is left.
:
gasp Not the...
not the TIGERS!
; It's ok, I haven't followed baseball all season
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!!
I dead need some instagram followers doe!
If you see this can ya'll follow me please...its.
najiloves THANKS!
333
go to the ER, make sure it's not something serious
I do?
Why?
that is INSANE!
,i like popcorn lol
looked awesome!
Get in close to Sofia :
no problem :
Those are just some good tunes for you guys to listen to!
NEW MUSIC/VIDEOS coming SON!
Who's got time to write Fish Fry reviews!?
whydopeopledothis have kids and not take care of them
how old will you be?
Quod Erat in Veniendum  Which was to be found
Trivia Time: How many rings are on our Bellevue belt?
Yeah old cars are cool.
I almost got a 64 1/2 mustang...
I like modern stuff too much...like Air conditioning!
Lol
Confirmed Group rate at Hilton Garden Inn Palmdale.
Group rate code on FB page
Congratulations to the Oklahoma City Barons advancing to the AHL's Western Conference Finals.
Halfway to the
Brutal This is a joke.
They are useless like tits on a bull.
The Sixth Avenue Wine Seller offers tastings for 10 during Thirsty Thursdays from 68 pm.
Like what youve tasted?
Apply the 10...
Or the turtle.
My son has 1 for a pet.
Loves'em.
Lol RT :
Committed is blowin up...n Jesus' name!
Awesome!
Good luck!
I love
Simmons College Radio bake sale scheduled for Oct 17th!
All proceeds are going to !
Be sure to stop by!
Welcome to my world.
You should ask them to crack the door so you can take a picture 
Morning Ms Lady
we don't have a TV that can pick transmissions.
so we missed it.
: 
LetterThree provides unique seminars for your coaches.
Visit us online at letterthree.net.
Lady sailors represent!
I NEVER THOUGHT THROUGH LOVE WE'D BE MAKIN ONE AS LOVELY AS SHE
I wanna take a ride on your disco stick.
Too sexy...
Louis Toliver, path into masculinity studies was interest in 'the final girl'.
Commission meeting is live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
Herethere
If you seek happiness more than Me, you will get neither.
If you seek Me more than happiness, you will get Both.
are you a mom too?
If so happy mothers day To you too!!!!
: Who all has arrived in New Orleans for the Final Four already?
I'm here mayne!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!63
always!
Send resume to .
RT Practice what you preach OR don't speak.
RT: : School is lame RT if you agree
don not fear tomorrow or regret the past live for whats now and never look back
Its not only making the tough decision, but how the decision is made, communicated, followed through
RT Less DIY more DIWO eyeo :
Follow me!,Is Hot related to Watch American Idol Online
Practice safe eating , always use condiments.
Anon
Living one day at a time; Enjoying one moment at a time; Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace;
Cock and bull in Sarasota tonight  9!
you were in Ny?
Dang I see everybody was in town.
You have fun?
In the mood for some Pride and Prejudice.
The Keira Knightley/Matthew McFadyen version.
Tell her shes beautiful everyday.
You dont know how much that will mean to her.
Don't no why niggas still we boot cut jeans with low tops shoes
lol don't hate 
denard robinson threw for 4500 yards and 36 touchdowns in only TWO seasons!
do..
That light show was sick..
cool got u on the list
I don't have kids.
I put this to those that do.
Would you let your kids play football given the risks?
Not sure I would.
And I love football
Hope you started Jackson...
Jones and Smith were a wash.
I'm up against Gore...
might win if Vinatieri outscores RBrown
I wish my iPhone actually worked
Sorry I can't muster a more eloquent response.
Working on zero hours of sleep after a weirdly rough week.
:
Got skills when it comes to socialmedia?
Talk to me.
A hearing for a new stadium is today.
This comes after a finance committee passed a bill.
More at 6AM on
And always getting disrespected...
she deserves it tho.
Go Pack!
Check out the Twitter page for the latest posts on my blogs for Tuesday.
Completely agree!
RT : omg Tebow 3:16 commercial during the divisional playoff game?
inappropriate
done.
Thanks :
and your in my mentions because?
Well I got Schmorl's nodes
I don't think I'm getting a weekend.
At the waffle house.
: The photographer, I mean.
Curse Sir Walter Raleigh, he was such a stupid git.
We have a couple tables open right now...
Come on by!
That tour is gonna be so good.
Love some Deftones.
Just need to remember to cancel netflix on the 25th
Some Mom's have to breast feed on Mother's Day.
That's messed up.
These kids are greedy as hell.
this is the most horrifying thing to come back from a staff meeting  learn, ever.
RT : A1.
Todays clients expect interactive communication and the latest  greatest tools from marketers.
Live with mainstream S bands.
stop by to hear it.
Someone might crawl in bed with me, but I wouldn't recommend it, MOL!
thanks fo the follow.
Happy Pilot Season.
When a monkey nibbles on a weenis, its funny in any language.
Chow
Feelin like a RockNRolla!
dude, happy birthday!
cheers.
I don't understand why there is a need to hashtag a dozen words in every tweet that you post.
Am I missing something?
The true meaning of life is to plant trees under whose shade you do not expect to sit.
Nelson Henderson
Praise God!
Hopped off the train and got right onto a connecting bus!
Ive done enough walking/running for one day.
Big fan of your shoq.
A friend showed me 50 fists I watched it twice in a row the first time.
is the MAN!!
Leave Your Legacy share your unique talent with everyone you come in contact with and let them benefit from knowing you!
what you want me to say wait it doesnt matter things will still be the same you did not care then what makes you think you will care now
RT : Have u entered 2 win 250 CASH 4 Mother's Day?
Y'all this ain't no gimmick  I'm a part of it too!...
WOO GO ASGAAAAAARDDD.
his favorite female superhero is Sif!
:D
It must be really hard on Ben to be up against 2 very talented people!
Good luck Ben, you can do it!
miss you to dani 33
who?
never heard of him.
must be a new guy.
So obsesed with the clockwork angel, that im even gonna read tale of two cities and vathek!
Thank you, so much ;
Ugh this weather is killing the satellite receptionno tvtime to sleep on this couch
I'm bout to come get u from tx
Maybe I'm just not used to having a phone nor the ability to tweet when I'm not home.
Idioms are bugging me.Some are so outdated,especially the ones on our formal tests.Are they worthy of spending valuable Tx time on?
Papi, we made cookies today in class.
I brought you some You made them?
Did you put poison or something?
...I was the dishwasher
Ha!
per our conversation is my go to RT : As we discussed is the email form of telling someone to F off.
Have you heard the cover by Streetlight Manifesto?
They do some really great stuff with horns.
lol i just got hyped as possible!
...soon, please!
Let me know when you are in the area and we will see what we can do.
M.
HannukWA.
I love little kids :
At the movies w/ my hubby  .
lol nice spot!
Bridge plunge
2014 Butler target, Troy Spears, of Park Tudor committed to Steve Alford's program in New Mexico yesterday.
The American Academy's Steve Hartnett was just interviewed by Eileen Ambrose of the Baltimore Sun on estate tax issues.
Congrats Steve!
RT :  Thanks, my current job does not pay me enough at all / well your IVY friends r pulling for you!
Filmmakers discuss the role of fathers in maintaining families from prison.
Slower progress in men's facilities.
Pimp C had bars
We're not a publisher, but services may also be used by writers published traditionally.
Watching the new kung fu panda series pretty good so far
Nice!
How creative : Thanks so much!
I love new therapy ideas!
I'm cool, just got out of class...what you been on?
: RT : Dear insane selfdestructive people, thanks for music and art.
Just heard 2 great steampunk papers at INCS  Jay Clayton's class built a steampunk computer game!
First boozy snow cone of the season on March 20 .
Few spots left for 3 course dinner w/Jo Snow.
If you're up, catch me on with this morning at 8:15 talking Brewers baseball on
thanks!
You guys have big weekend plans?
Walking to the gym is a little over half the fun.
RT I agree that if Matusz struggles again tonight Buck should look to fill his spot in the rotation.
Better  glow sticks and neon mood lighting
GREAT SHOW SHOW PLAINFIELD VERMONT, ROCKS REAL HIPHOP LIVES THERE SHOUT OUT ''LESPECIAL'' ,SQUALA ORPHAN AND AKIL AND MANY MORE
Simply Amazing!!!
Congrats Diva!
final review packets
tell vegan brownie lady if she sells chia seeds she'll basically control 1/3 of my nutrition.
Also tell her good job w/brownies.
Rockin' a crisp white blouse today...
Let's see how long I can keep it white!
Just got woke up by a lame ass text at 2AM?
You want to talk to me about THIS?
You don't know me like that.
Man, I never get a decent sleep.
The noblest search is the search for excellence  Lyndon B.
Johnson
will you ever follow me Dave?
:
Friday night, almost 70.
Heck, play until 1am, I'll stay up.
My phone battery won't, but I will :
They couldn't play any better, we couldn't play any worse.
20 points better than them on any other day.
I swear if I see one more stripper with a star or koi fish tattoo I'm gonna scream!
yes peek.
thanx
RT Everyone must demonstrate unique value added skills in hyper connected world  keep reengineering his/her jobTom Friedman
Lesson learned.
Never tweet outside during a hurr
Haha glad you enjoyed it buddy!!!
Come on by whenever you want were open till 3am Wednesday to Saturday!
Wish I had that here!
will u be joining and myself in the Cefalu caravan tomorrow?
MarineMax.
Your one stop shop.
Customer came in 3 days ago looking all over for a boat.
Found his boat!
No one else could!
Inventory galore!
what about it lol
Watching 'You Are Next' artist Jennifer O'Connor at the Green Bean in NC...
Awesome!
lol just think of us thin simple and flip it
I love that photo
good one...
Hollis doctorins an areyoukidding me three to keep the Hoyas alive.
Still down four with only a minute to go though
Bravo on saying that The Lorax did not receive any of your money.
They deserve none of mine either.
what flavor?
I like BK's frozen coke too
Looking forward to reading 's 'almost novelistic' literary debut  '1982'  congrats!!!!
I'm sure it is much more than almost.
Join us for the Dog Days of Summer event at Mark Diamond's Jewelers right now!
8000 Paseo Del Norte NE Suite B1 Albuquerque, NM 87122
Consolidated Consultants' 16th Birthday today, 16 years in helping Attorney's find the right Expert Witness!
This the Queen James we all know  love.
0pts in O.T.
Exactly.
I just didn't want to start anything with some halfwit ass clown at 2am is all.
; girl I wouldn't be the same if you was with somebody else, girl it wouldn't be the same if I was with somebody else.
i cant with this world
I am a seafood girl.
I am going to have to try this recipe out.
thank you.
I hope it was WordPerfect
Is there more to chaos theory than !
happens?
Sometimes following your doctorams isnt always gonna get chu where you wanna be in life
Hey guys come hang out with us at the new Jacks Patio Bar!
We'll be playing with Love at War  Von Army.
First 3 RT's get on the list.
Think is the best interviewer in late night.
Not great on the red carpet, but worth staying up until 2 AM for.
Music blast in my room ...thinking about my crush omg...he's taken smfh!
:/
god I hate bugs...
Thx for showing me zipper on Google's search page!!
Remember doing a deal for YKK at White  Case!
We grow by remaining fully conscious of the gifts we are given
it's so sunny and warm.
wonderful day for tanning.
:.
cake walk, that stuff is easy for me!!!
I should be in bed.
But, its Saturday.
And I'm home.
Hanging with Junior.
Watching Scarface.
All's good.
What time it??
left the newsroom
Thank you for the info and your efforts...sincerely appreciate.
I'll call ASAP.
Thanks again!!!
partner restaurant in flatiron now offering complimentary hors doevres at the bar, 57 pm MondayFridays!
Looking at your old crush  being like eww I liked you?
We hope everyone had a lovely day!
ValentinesDay love!
Gm!!!!
RT : RT : On the air !!
Call me 5509696 Good Morning Sunshine
Great catch by macklin
I'm glad Leap Day is over.
It's become so commercialized.
Ready for a big night tonight with We have one table left, contact at 503 484 5959 for reservations  the list.
Bout to be lobcity for and the nuggets with Javale McGhee
RT When boys wipe your tears when you cry.
you only live once is what yolo is short for
32 hrs next two days on the truck, then i'll be in the VIP for Vanilla Ice!!!
Oh yeah!
:
Ah what a day what a day.
The couch is like heaven right now.
watch him follow you tho
Did you forget to make a left at Albuquerque?
The galleries are a blur of activity and dust as we finish up the brand new walls for the MFA studio show!
Game should be around 830ish.
Go Lancers!
I need followers :
: ha ha.
Yea I'm on twitter Welcome me with open arms.
Lol I just called you
Wonder if you'll follow me today?: Hm.......
Think I'm gettin sick
RT : Oh and FTR, lost another 2 lbs while at Shnoocon.
Way to go 
I did learn my skills from  It's AWESOME and awe inspiring!
How do you spell power A D A P T
JUST WATCHED THE FIRST EPISODE OF DOWNTON ABBEY.
NEED I SAY MORE?!
Hey folks, seems we're having some trouble with the ticket system.
We'll let you know as soon as it's back up!
people ned to follow me
Funny how many tweets in edchat are not related to the question, but take advantage of the reach of the hashtag.
Mitchell is the head of the state Firefighter's Assoc.
hm..
Hey friend!
awesomeness!!
What kine Filipino are you?
Have fun!!
UCtour UC2017 RT : College tour at university of Cincinnati.
the women there loved my mad style skillz :
Ok, if I wanted freakin' summer I would have asked for it!
HATE HEAT!
Bring me some snow!
There I feel much better...but not cooler.
:
professorle pic is SO YOU!
Would love to talk more about your professorssion and how to present yourself in a video.
Yo daddy musta been a doctorg dealer cuz you dope.
Not to mention some of those same politicians speaking at college graduations are the same ones who screw the students over in the long run
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK TONIGHT IT WOULD MAKE MAY WORLD IF YOU DID IF YOU DON'T I MAY CRY: YOUR AMAZING ANd so adorable 333333
just killed it!
Will you be upgrading to Windows 7?
Quote of the day in Monterey the woman behind us is louder than those sea lions
I didn't get anything for my mom for Mother's Day.
If any of you remember from last year, she fed the breakfast I made her to the dogs.
:
Hello vase man.
Always a great sign when governments started tailoring the law to prohibit whatever form of protest they're currently annoyed by.
Sacramento is a city ...
Where we lobby ...
I think that is about it
Good evening!
I just finished your excellent novel Zone One.
Can't say enough good things about this book.
anything going on with the hawks.
o yeah, hes nice just kinda annoying lol
likewise, i think its awesome :
Had to download TweetDeck on my phone because my Twitter for Andoctorid isn't working.
Anybody else having that problem?
Coach Frank Hall, very inspirational!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
One heart beat!
Yeah...miss you too whore
Now on TJMS: Girl Power!
April Ryan and Shaun Robinson speaks on girl empowerment movement One Girl, One Voice
I spy Pearl Cleage
Glass is half full...
That's how I look at it.
y u so cute?
couldnt be any nicer tonight.....
go to their wall on facebook.
Down a day or two.
lol good move.
I hope tomorrow's games are better than this lol
I just added you on Google
Burns must eat crow!
Donors, like their investor counterparts in the forprofessort world, are looking for results.
Donors give to see positive change!
I submitted an idea to put wifi in  Dodger Stadium.
Green Lake Hoops can be like watchin' roosters run around an imaginary pen.
Do they know that's a basketball court?
and .
No matter the outcome  glad to be in such good co.
C u in 24 hrs.
Delightful time in Chicago, excellent pizza at Nancy's Pizza and crpes at La Crperie.
Jake reported no issues after his first start of the season, he didn't like being on a pitch count  removed so early.
ING CMO Ann Glover speaks at the ING CRMA Symposium today
I Can't Be In This Cast For Another Week!
Thank you for your wonderful presentation and sharing your knowledge with our staff!
You were incredible!
Wishing a very happy birthday to our cochairperson Diane!
We appreciate you and Julie and all you two are doing to make InnoTech great.
why do you underestimate me?
which one of yall want some dick and bubble gum
I refuse to go bungee jumping, I came into this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
Believe in your doctorams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
We can't wait for Eco Movie Night July 28th  James Madison Park!
What's your favorite ecothemed movie?
: If anyone was offended by one of my many assaults, I apologize.
Back to work.
We want to hear from you!
Mention us with what colors you'd like to see for the next shirt   on 
Goodnight y'all godbless and be kind to one another!
Talk to y'all tomorrow!
Might be out of it this week
After working with Andoctorid phone and tablet, I now view laptops as bulky and complicated.
the more you know, the more you don't know.
Imagine Liam looks at your hand:Something's missing'' You:''What?'' Liam:''The ring I'll place on your finger when I ask you to marry me''
Being told i look tired today in other words you look like shit
Fac.
Dev.
Session  in order to sustain BL  get more ,, grow team, database for tracking, let grow, utilize faculty
Sorry for the radio silence!
My teacher was carted away in an ambulance, and we still have class.
It's been NUTS today!
Can't wait for the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Fillmore in Denver November 18th!
Greeting to you also.
My day is going well, I pray yours is also.
Yes, that is truly a sad statistic.
Haha, hockey is the one sport I don't follow religiously.
Really a shame at this point.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled cheese on multigrain bread with a cup of soup....6.95 Chili is 50 cents extra
New guest post up now discussing more evidence that the Bible is truth..
Hey Mallory, I have class at 8am and yet I don't care.
They're celebrating their seniors graduating and that's a big thing
Woo!
RT : Book shoot starts today, 3 yrs in the making OMG
Never thought I'd see a Klepatz hash tag.
Haha.
thank you jasmine
I was suspended because someone threw a book at my face  I was accused of starting a fight.
The thrower tried to defend me too
all day baby
jkkk no i wont
Watching Transformers 3!!!
Loving the homelesshotspots!
Greater
: A winner never stops trying.
Tom Landoctor
Y don't ppl teach their childoctorn how to deal with ups and down of relationships so less dumb mistakes r made?
Cant wait to see whino and peaches this weekend...yeah!!
Hard to tell a player to NOT throw a projectile, I'd rather Not have a decision to make in game while playing.
Named after Keith Moon comment they'd 'go down like lead balloon.' They laughed, changed balloon 2 zeppelin.
it was a typo!
lol..
it is boring
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
love it!
RT : My holiday shopping strategy: One present for you, three presents for me
Y am I so bad  going 2 sleep early?
I'm still wide awake!
Probably not good if I want 2 get up  5am
Thanks!
I really enjoyed your presentation.
The candor was refreshing.
Best of luck and hope to see you at the next prsms!
You can enter every day for more chances to win!
I feel sick
haha oh I'm learning.
thanks Floyd!
Maybe you two can do that during his Junkfood Tour of Chicago ;
I feel sick again :
hahah he does
charterization /market approach requires testing.You don't like testing, but you like market approach.
Life would suck if there wasn't any cats
better be playing softball for gym today
Do you sell TShirts?
Add Tshirtgang.com and add sales via your own website and put MORE money in your pocket!
Reading about pioneer women gives me newfound appreciation for indoor plumbing and electricity.
Fucking shit.
Don't open the damn door
The 5,000 sq ft Sharp Hospital green roof is finally complete.
I'm so proud of our team: Pari Ryan,Todd Nelson  Danny Barttels.
Many kudos!
have you tried Jack In The Box's chicken nuggets yet??
They're soo good.
July 1st they become a member of the SEC
how come everytime I say go vote for MB I don't never get a retweet or some y'all ignoring a pretty mindless girl!!
Clean showers and clean bathrooms would be great, cabins that you can rent so I don't have to tent it
I hope to one day write something that will be cited in a paper by a mediocre graduate student.
Warren Buffet's secretary will be sitting with the First Lady during tonight State of the Union addoctorss.
via
could u send me sample of p90x and bbl, I want to create hybrid with p90x2 and bbl :
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Genesis 1:1
: I really want to get my hands on this book.
It looks really good and I've been hearing such great things!
Who is tracking weekly social media metrics?
What categories?
So to have some fun and get you guys psyched, we're about to play a fun game : who likes contests?
I did pretty good in fantasy football this week!
Str8LykeDes....
Kinda of liking being up early normally I'll be sleeping my life away until work might still do lol...
If we give a little love, maybe we can change the world 3
Love is kind
OTA, Stats Ab, and now ACS?
Did the US gov declare a war on knowledge?
Chillin, watchin The Family Hustle.
Then it's bed time.
Ballin  5am
Accept the challenge.
You won't be disappointed.
Had to get on them burners tonight...
Cooked up a grilled chicken breast wrap and some fresh cut sweet potato fries...
Late dinner
I swing both ways.
I tend to listen to the SH stuff more often.
Not sure why though.
Yay for retro episodes.
You'll have to post them before I listen so I can rewatch and bug you on Twitter.
Listening now.
Haven't listened to Kill Bill fight scenes while working on taxo structures in a while.
Thx for inspiring the rest of my day.
Horrible abs from the os in the bottom of the 8th
If only people with closed minds came with a mouth to match.
Bridesmaids bathroom scene: choral edition :X
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo think they can rap just because your black and poor
Don't whisper at me cause I won't understand
for sure need to see you!!!
sup and I have a doctorss like that

lol she embarrased i would be too
Am I the only one NOT freaking out about finals next week?
Omaha bound be there in 3 hours.
where's the daiquiris video in the back of the mini coop!?
: Great sharing a boozy nola post moment w u!
You were great!
His companions approved thesearrangements without even uttering a word
Enjoying the parade in downtown STL for our World Series Champions, Cardinals!
:D
Pay is also nearly 2x what I made in my MLS internship
Dodging online MadMen spoilers until later tonight keeps me alert on Mondays almost as much as too much coffee does.
Q!: Have you designed for or otherwise worked on a sitespecific performance/theatre production?
The hardest job in the world would be working in a bubble wrap factory.
Just imagine the self control that is required!
thank u 
Great time  Mission Beach w/Destie's school.
1000 kids pickin up trash  being taught 2 save our ocean!
What a great way 2 spend the day!
The new music sounds fantastic!
Norman Simmons created some wonderful arrangements.
Was excited to have toast at my parents house for breakfast, until I saw they're doing the low carb thing again.
No toast ANYWHERE!
With Rose out, does that put miami in the Nba finals?
or should i say nutella m nutella
TIA plans solar art piece  Arizona Daily Star TIA plans solar art piece Arizona Daily Star The solar sculpture will occupy a spot along
I can't breathe right now..darn allergies..tee hee..but it was nice to learn that Snoop is spreading his wings..
..somethin, kind as could be, and she appreciated MY doing HER hair.
No, Nancy, thank you for inspiring me to be a brilliant woman.
only in the same way that the design of a chair you haven't built yet has no established reality
I'm well!
Adventures in Target with my nephew.
Lol
Another beautiful day!
I could get use to this!
on it.
Downloading now
Reader, I married her!
Looking forward to CLA next month.
Helping to improve Wisconsin's economy  www.ThinkTankLive.com Biz strategy  tactics for realworld results.
Well that was a fun night of work on my final project for statistics.
yea we should catch up.
My next few days / weeks are nuts but could do early coffee.
that either means do I know you or something else.
I'm not up on my acronyms I guess.
Meaning?
Purplespace is now on iTunes!!!
:D
Excellent, love this Sam!
I'm SO antigold teeth.
Plus, I'd never be able to stop thinking, you have those but not a
I LOVE U JBlife!!
3
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
: Lmao !!
RT I dont hate you.
I just hope your next period happens in a shark tank.
damn
enjoy your trip, then!
:
LEARNING MORE CODE TO BUILD DIFFERENT WEB APPS...
BELOW THE BRIM IS GOING MOBILE.
B A MOVEMENT
1 rule to surviving the night: pace yourself.
That one is free
WE LUV OUR FANS!
you guys were soo awesome last night at !!
HUGE THANKS to our friends for a killer set!
Has Shannyn ever realized that her full name kinda sounds like shenanigans?
Okay that makes sense now!
Are you back in LA anytime soon?
In search of the miraculous by Bas Jan Ader!
I must get to
Transcribing a medieval manuscript while listening to Snoop Dog.
Oh sorry love!
Get better!:
Me?
North of Barcelona.
her man would not like that at all
My mother is a psychotic fillintheblank
she ate some pennies  didn't know till it was to late.
Any pennies minted after 82 are toxic.
All you pugs  dogs be careful!
think He means personnel.
But so did Jordan
Please follow our amazing friend and C.O.O A must FF ; Thank you
So, if you don't vote for Jermaine Paul vote for Chris Mann ok?
Just kidding.
Vote 4 your fave, but just vote!
Ha!
Hey, you seen Obamadogrecipes?
MT : Tell FLOTUS to cut the 1 Peter line  her hubby's got enough of an ego!
Had a wonderful day yesterday watching the musical of the Giver and then Gypsy staring the Ryans so awesome!
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
Artist, Hans Hofmann
Very cool.
RT'd.
i just tweeted the next set of guys
Alright , who were the dirtbags .......
doctoramt the impossible doctoram, and fought the unbeatable foe.
My self esteem is in the toilet now.
Delta Air Lines changes Delta Shuttle flight times to onthehour service to Boston, Washington, D.C.; adds 13th flight to Chicago.
Mornin..
Off to the Studio
Our news came out today, our stock is up 33.33 The markets are coming back!
We are excited!
HPNN.PK
Thanks for the invite!
That would b HOT,however we have many things on our plates right now!
Keep us posted on your events.
Thanks so much!
Love these ideas!
My summertime playlist 
RT : Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your .
Winnie the Pooh
and must strike quickly and make a Boh2J shirt to honor 's awesomeness on Raw tonight.
I seriously doubt that you forgot why I was upset with you..like you obviously don't care one bit
yes it is?
Show this tweet to the bartender 2nite and receive 50 off all appetizers during the Celtics game.
Retweet away IamaCeltic!!!
kids Vanilla Ice Concert: Vanilla Ice Concert from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM Six Flags...
Hard work pays off even if it's in the form of vs.
tickets!
Boat loads of appreciation to
and the American people are disappointed by the poor conduct and the idea that we're still over there
Lone Ranger is still my favorite book out now by anybody.
that's good :
Just listed my 100th Item and I'm just getting started.
This man is tired and have been working tirelessly for 3 days including 2 nights.
GN
Hello to TweetStation followers!
Interested in getting strted on Twitter?
Check out : Technology Caf or find a TweetTeam member!
Like the green, but maybe voting blue, because it has the look of being a colorized photo, if you colored the sky it'd be blue.
Thanks for watching my report.
:
4 in a 20oz...
doctornk City
So now my dad wants a twitter?
awe what the hell.
Agreed  DM me with your email and we'll set something up.
Wow fuck I forgot we got a new doorknob and I don't have the key.
Locked outside my house, sup
Excellent!
Perhaps there's room for Guy Maddin  RT Yes  I think its now a 12 top with ClyffordStill  ZahaHadid
how are you guys?
I want to see travel pics!
and when is MKE's largest fish fry?!?
that's a must.
Suffering threatens to make life meaningless.
That is its greatest danger, not the pain it inflicts.
My wife is at Disneyland.
I'm not.
Wah wah.
She saw Brandon Flowers.
I did not.
Wah wah.
She's sleeping.
I'm not.
Wah waaaaahhh.
i want to win a contest....
Amazing.
Doesn't get much better than that!
RT : ChickfilA for confirmation dinner tonight...
What's up waffle fries.
Watching Jesse Owens on PBS
Youre still awake?!
It's official: THESE GUYS ROCK!!!
New members Wade and Mitchell welcome to the band!
Formal intros to follow.
The more birthdays you have, the longer you live...
:'
Watching a GND episode with being introduced as the 2007 PMOY.
She's so cute.
I wish I was friends with her!
Just watched the Battlefield Los Angeles and it's like if you were part of a game.
Excusestodoctornk In Union show!!!
ha i would be too.
Hey !
Saw you at Would love to talk to you about playing fEASTival this May!
Add me on doctorw something!
Kelseysue56 :
absolutely glued to the memoir Three Little Words by !
What an incredible girl...
so inspiring and extremely motivating
The one day I can sleep late and I wake up at 7 
aye sup wit my brodie!!
Who The Fuck Unfollowed Me .?
try to ask by school tomorrow cause I need to know by the morning!
hope all is well!
We got the credit for the pickup system.
Come by the store when you get a chance.
Thanks!
We miss you come visit soon!
I wrk hard for my money so hard for it honey!!
see you all in the morning!
Study time...
When will me time get here?
Lotus is already fully disruptive.
Just in the wrong direction I'm afraid
In blackjack, when the dealer shows a 6, he'll bust only 43 of the time, so don't act so shocked if he ends up beating your 15.
Is playing for the Patriots?
Did you get your issue?
DID YOU KNOW??
We have extended our weekly hours as well!
MondayThursday 11am10pm, Friday and Saturday 11amMidnight and Sundays 11am8pm.
hey slut
finna go see my nigga Crip in the county than latter go get signature's for my broskie then to work
Preparing to set another PR?
ha ha ha you're welcome.
Note to self: always get in the limo.
REGISTRATION FOR WWVC 2009 is NOW OPEN!
Please visit www.wildwestvc.com to register.
Danica, can you be any tinier or cuter?
The total antithesis of a race car doctorver!
you guys are home already?
: Come to Maggie's for a frosty.
We gonna stop by
you are so right.
See you in Colorado!
thanks griffin!
you just made my day :
To our buddies in Cleveland, Ohio, we have one ticket left for the show this Sat at Peabody's claim it now!!!
you realize now I'll be like the only one without a kid.
Thanks for that!
:p
Here we go Steelers!
Here we go!
I hate knowing i need to study, but i can force myself to.
fraiku kidnap me from work purchase some honeyhoney let us just vibe out.
I'm on an island surrounded by water on all sides with only 2 bridges out.
She makes me so happy!!!!
Good luck to everyone with papers  projects due this week.
Also, be sure to check with your professorssor for the time and date of your finals!
?!?!?!?
I'm just about to leave though!
Why is there not a radio station in Nashville, TN that plays bluegrass?
It's a good thing noone reacted to the situation in agar.
my dog is asleep
I think helpful for community not for art building.
other ways to learn from audiences that are more helpful for that.
Retweet if u still up
Assessment kills Innovation
i need a run today bad!!
thankfully it cooled down here a bit so its not 80 degrees when i'm done work.
haha, they always come back...
Now I tweet like everyday to get oomf's attention.....
The Thirst is Real!
it was Sasha
Wow.
It's like im at an actual comedy show in the pokanos!
LB i need you!!!!
help a brotha out!
; from the little I know already, it is a sweet and interesting story, indeed.
I would gladly sit and listen to its telling.
Change the way I viewed it
cant think of a better way to start out my Sunday mornings at work!
Jean Paul Gautier, we love you
Cancer Patients Suffer Unnecessary Pain
First leg of trip back to DC: Minneapolis to Philly.
Hoping to avoid flightdelays like yesterday.
That was easy lolololol
what would Austin like for his birthday?: m..?:
Communication  Collaboration link broken, please update we want to know!
I'm super excited about photoshop CS6 reading now about Premiere CS6 Is it time to think about a change from FCP7 ??
Lady Gaga is performing at Radio City tonight and we just delivered some gloves for her entourage.
Wish I could be there to see her perform.
Scared to eat but hungry
Funnest practice ever  had to play in my Sperry's cuz I forgot my cleats
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 53
: Just saw the new One Shining Moment does already have it downloaded?
ticked  isn't available yet!
I just noticed the picture you have.
omg....
look at my new tweet under, you'll know who i'm talking about
my dad wants to go to the zoo with me and nicki.
I prob was a king in my past life lol
RT : I think I need to order breakfast before I commit murder.
Bacon will fix this feeling, yes?
BACON FIXES EVERYTHING!
USAA sucks!
A year post repair I find out USAA declared my classic Mustang salvage  they never told me.
How much value has it lost?
Billfold  Birthday Girl  Official Selections at Wildwood Film Fest
UWWhitewater up 3626 at half.
Final Four on the line.
Yeah  enough room to breathe.
I would love to be a mommy one day...
MothersDay thoughts :
thanks!
Hopefully I will see you at a show in LA!!
: aw brittney I hope u get better : Aw thanks Becky :
Two random pickmeup visits in one day.
Thanks and nontweeting Michael AldarondoJeffries.
Love friends.
Auditions for Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant this Saturday 2/18 from 2p9pm at the Crowne Plaza on City Line Ave in Philadelphia
This is the exact kind of doctorma our fans would love!
Impossible to criticize most artistic team ever.
FF happy Friday and thanks for sharing our Twitter Persona to the world.
My little hummingbird is chirping at me.
Today is a good day :
Yu let me fall
And why should you?
That's just genuis at work.
omfg i miss summer camp you make me feel is on the radio
Going to the badger hockey game with
Really starting to cultivate some pauper quirks.
Lately I've been stealing napkins from...
everywhere.
Damn started with a few of my friends on twitter.
Now it's the whole damn squad!!
Hey..
It feels wonderful to be off...this was great..
iusetothink making music just wasn't for the money.
God Night Austin!!!!!
I love you :
My friends are the best: they totally let me write requests down and then they sang them!!
Most awesome birthday karaoke if all time!!!
Can't wait for tomorrow w/ Olivia and my SIL 
definitely feeling lost at times but I'm good overall..
A mixed bag means there's always room for good surprises :
Yeah, not sure you can really afford to be any shorter than you already are.
I don't notice the switch between Mac and PC every day, except for when I try to copy or undo something.
I wish I could AppleZ my life.
shouldn't you be paying attention in class right now?
just kidding, twitter is 103628711 times better!!
Never slipping
Just got it in AQ vs A10 and board runs out 54645 for us to chop.
Can't I just run normal?
Grinding 15 bbs.
New 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu coming up tomorrow.
Stay Tuned!
how you dern ;
lol yeah these my last weeks this way so just let me know .
I've finally ruined someone's life....
Can't sleep.
You can't experience success beyond your wildest doctoram until you dare to doctoram something wild.
S.
Sorrell
Part of an exhibition called Descriptive Acts.
Writers will document whatever happens in the room, in real time.
Np DMac Haters
I be so high....
All this bullshit don't bother me...
Miami airport is negative degrees!
It's not you; it's me.
Really.
nice!!!
Yea I totally need sleep tonight so I was supa excited
I'll take a McAnything please.
There has never been so much pressure on ANY sports team in history as was on Canada's men's hockey team to win an event.
Congrats Canada:
Frantically nudging your bestfriend when a cute person walks by.
?
I don't think it's a joke at all.
Just trying to keep his reputation up.
:
LALALALALA LA LOLA!
have you liked us on fb yet?
tell my gf shes hott!
unfortunately cannot  Coach Flan is starting up a camp at a local college in Cleveland  next year though
Jake's a bully
Only day 1 buddy, we'll see!
i want to go to fuddoctorckers .
you are the best and you will totally be awesome at crims tryouts today :
way to go  so so so proud of you
Finals rly suck.!
Doctor's appt.
at 2:30!
Good to take 1 day off of basketball..ha.
It was great meeting and hanging out with some tweeps today, Had a great time as always
110 days until LouisvilleFootball puts a jackhammer on that UK ASS!
If you got a fuax hawk you should go lock yourself in a closet with a polar bear.
You are awesome!
Thanks!
ON AIR NEXT Coast to Coast from 11pm2am with James Colquhoun and and Daniel Vitalis on the food we eat.
Also, stay tuned for...
Making new friends like at CA Consumer Protection Fnd.
training in Oakland!
any news on what music might be there?
Harbaugh changes culture.
Confident Smith enough to win 9 w timely defensive plays and MVPish Gore.
.
will be our guest on tomorrow!
Moving day:D
Now I know who my true friends are and who will always be there for me and trust me.
3 couldn't ask for any other best friends.3
Hoping for him to Unfollow me!
You know who you are : hahah
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.
Twisted a Smurfet for Angel and Shy's Birthday that I am doctorpping off in Lynn, Ma.
along with two bags of balloon creatons
Thanks for your help spreading the word about this program!
You guys rock.
I Was Honest And You Took That And Made A Scar.
Hey!
How were the Turbo Fruits last night?
Awesome, I hope.
I just couldn't summon the energy after 4 consecutive nights out
somewhat proud of me.
I love you more than you'll ever know.
i definitely have to crash in maryville for at least a week.
yall will have to show me what's new
I love the Starbucks table poachers hovering around waiting to dive in.
It's like a sting operation complete with guys in a van listening.
Make Crazy Money
probably was.should of said hi!
Congrats on new job, I did as well.
OUTTA NUTELLA....going to the store to get more...NOW!!!!Emergency!!!!
In order to win the race sometimes you just have to show up
68,000 people in the GA Dome and it will be rocking today.
Battle of the Bands comes to town.
can'twaittobepartofit
happy to see casual gaming at csw with I'm loving the concept story of audio cues, dogs are short can't see over the wheel
Mediaho preemptive strike backfires!
No show tonight after all, oh well, a lesson in PR on a Friday, at least there is
Just watched Exit Through The Gift Shop with followed by scrumptious burger at Mikeys.
good transition break before off to work.
Hey!
Any physicaltherapists out there?
What do you do to motivate difficult patients?
Thanks!
I'm honored!!
blush
Support your local business on National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day.
Qwip about your favorite local Mom and Pop and share with friends!
Glad you liked the post Rob and thank you for sharing it!
Thanks!
I should have thought of checking the folder.
What time IS it?
Thanks for coming last night 3
oh yum!
my favorite:
that makes sense to me, lol.
Save a lounger for me!
Gore wants to see
i hope the Saints bury the Falcons
: I feel happy that was brought to memory.
:
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
MAYA is making a special offthemenu cocktail for the next Art doctornks: a grownup version of Strawberry Lemonade.
Try it on May 9th!
Devil.
I should be joining you.
Haha
haha don't hate bro.
it's way too catchy
Happy Halloween Everybody!
.....and the Vikings won yesterday!
woo hoo!
It depends on the role of the API, how much of your product you intend to expose via an API, and on timing.
Ahh, timing.
Class of 2012...Graduation is almost here!
Congrats to all you SENIORS!
Left round table.
On our way home noww..
WordPress Tools Ajax Spell Checker  Uses a variety of dictionaries to spell check your posts.
Bring me one!
Homemade burgers for lunch.
OhYess
Nd I say hell yea hell yea fuckn right fuckn right alright!
Just following instructions?
Isn't that unfair to math?
I think there's a difference between math sucks  I suck at math.
RT : 2011Review: Falconer's IPA  Beer and Coding in Eugene: I was going to start this post by referencing another beer...
Keeper of Your Heart by is perfection.
Slow start for the Pack.
Already nervous.
This is what Twitter was built for  publicly coordinating powerwalks :
I can't hear you so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question...
I miss those summer nights, when we would just lay outside looking at the stars3
And the operator says 40 cents more for the next 3 minutes/Please mister.
Avery, I just gotta talk to her/I'll only keep her awhiledoctor HOOK
you're underachieving
My collaborator and I have pondered this a lotto 5013 or not?
Leaning towards the or not...
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen.
3  You can try and tear her down, you wont succeed.
Demi is to amazing to listen to hate.
:
B very careful of who u give the title of friend too.
A lot of ppl u probably call friends don't deserve it.
Not really sure what we're more excited for: opening day or Fish Fry...
Gracious God, as you walk with us through the days of Lent, surround us with the beauty of your rainbow and the magnitude of your love
Oh, u never jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the lava?Please,tell me more about ur amazing childhood.
yo she almost made me shout  cry tears of joy.
I called his name bout 50 times cuh lol
nice!
I am skipping this year.
K going to sleep now.
Since Patrick kinda...uhm...well...fell asleep on the floor, lol.
please tell Ashley that the kids and I met one of the guys from Swamp People...
I'm thinking she said y'all watch it!
:
FUCKIN EXITED FOR AN ATTACKATTCK concert!!!
: Tell Jessie I said I hope she gets well soon.
I might be sleepy and whiney today, but it makes me happy when people call me to be their sober doctorver.
ThursdayNightClass LibrarySchool cant wait to be done with night classes!
Do The Pretty Girl Rock.
You might be the Star the World just hasn't Seen.
playing with my neighbors baby
The Wonder Years on Netflix!?
What?
There goes my Sunday afternoon
I Come home and watch spongebob loser YOLO 
how do I tell this lady her fur coat just it me when she walked past?
WORLD SERIES WORLD SERIES
Congrats to our USF baseball coach, Greg Roberts; named MCC's coCoach of the year.
Great job, Greg!
RT if you believe in God.
Remember He saw you reading this .
Making a yummy dinner.
Can't WAIT to eat it!
Guardian gets it wrong in interpreting her message as an attack  I'd say healthy and muchneeded skepticism
I can't post anything on FB.
Is anyone else having trouble?
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS THEIR SO CUTE JUST LIKE U UR AMAZING proud of u IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF U FOLLOWED ME BACK PLEASE 33333
whats her twitter name
Rewriting SportingKC history...actually I'm editing the club's history for an interactive class project.
awesome film!!!!
link broke?
Great work!
Shall we brainstorm and trade links?
idk!!
But i really need to do something because im worring too much about things
we love the wine glasses!
Thank you.
actually may 5th is, ops, but still, very close to it.
Live your doctoram no matter what it is.
Noone is going to experience it but you.
Never let your life be in someone elses hand
Uses of and representations of poetry online is the nexus of many online issues
no doubt...69 is that your favorite number?
Wednesday, do not tread on me.
This is a warning.
Yawn...the NBA strike is over.
Darn it, I was hoping for an April settlement.
i'm thirsty a'f, i need water.
RT this and receive a FREE doctorNK on us this Saturday!
I must admit i love it when he calls me boss lady.
Daddy you know wassup
thanks for the follow!
you are AWESOME, i love We Got Us!
:
Why Is R.K.
Wearing A Band Aid.?
On The Cd Pictures.?
I supose I gotta get up and get ready for work.
Ugh lol
or have your kids wear catcher's gear like I do.
RT  Former JMU star  Cleveland Indians doctorft pick Jake Lowery won the Johnny Bench Award tonight as the top catcher i...
Almost to two weeks without soda or alcohol!
My workouts have improved, but I really miss soda and alcohol.
I'm in love with it.
And my roomies are awesome.
The basic fact about human existence isn't that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
So can't speak English right now and just said stige dave instead of stage dive...
Good Morning World.
Allgood Road UMC works closely with Allgood school in Decatur GA to collect food to distribute to community in need.
The week after spring break.
Most of the fulltime staff is gone at a conference.
Clearly it's time for printers and databases to go down.
I don't know :/ we might not live in the same country lol
The age of miracles, the age of sound this is a Golden Age, coming round, coming round  Clap ur hands if u think ur soul is free
We cant thank you enough Charlotte!
Thanks for followin us!
I want to see a bunny with no fur like how do they squeeze through the tiniest effin holes when they look so fat an fluffy dontgetit 
Can't wait to get home...
Long day
my email addoctorss is Please support homelessdogmusic.com.Site is not up yet.
oh yeah!
Thank you for the luv.
I will have to look up ur music.
if you spoil the show for me Devlin will ONLY call you aunt.
HEY BRO IF YOUR IN DALLAS TONIGHT YOU NEED TO HIT INIQUITY FOR MY GRADUATION PARTY.
IT'S GOING TO BE ALL THE WAY LIVE!!!!!
For a day, Hussey is the Chuck Morris of test cricket
Thanks!
We are scheduled to open in late 2010.
Your kind of excitement is exactly why we're building one in WA!
cc
You can't expect to take a definitive image in half an hour.
It takes days, often years.
Anything interesting happening today?
Maybe some Facebook or Instagram news?
Anyone?
Woo hoo!
He is the total package!
Go
Yeh.
ms Rambler was subing for my english class and told me
When your heart becomes hardened sometimes the only way to fix it is to have your heart broken.
Philly we cominnnnnnngggg!
The wait is finally over!!!
The Federal Hill League starts tonight at 6:30pm.
Shirts will be given out tonight before the games.
Please...
just sent a pro vegan email to RushLimbaugh.
why does being kind have be partisan?
both right now, xbox usually tho
better his parents know than to have him turn into some fast little tramp and catch something
NYC Taiwanese basketball tournament all day.
Who has kik??
: if you do add me presmarie14
How come overtones and undertones are the same thing?
nice to know that u r a beliver.
please uphold me in ur prayer.
thanks
Pacers game with the sisters : leggo.
I am getting geared up for ALA11 it's right around the corner.
What fun things will you be doing in New Orleans?
We got this
RT : Just spent 30 min at the gym  2 Tollhouse cookies.
12 more visits before I am back to even.
Sort of...
theres enuff music out there to play some better ish!
sum1 should start a nationwide petition to ban boring elevator music!
At the rusty bucket jus ate a sandwich :
Jonathan Crary: I would be dismayed if I prompted anyone to determine if Courbet owned a stereoscope.
because you act like you don't miss me back.
Big Bill congratulates his old nemesis, , on the opening of his bioflick.
For mine, I'm holding out for Clooney in a fat suit!
Grats to both of you!
: I've done a lot of bad shit, god got even.
For the price I had to pay I'd wish I'd stop breathing
its all about using the words even if it not those that are true.
Have a Nike day :
Waiting in a long ass line for the men's room.
So this is what women deal with.
Very cool!
We just posted a link to your blog post in our blog!!
Call Sat evening or Sun after 9p.
6784684169
A Tuesday that feels like a Monday.
I should go back to bed.
I really want Jack White's new album.
Ugh
NEW TO THE MENU: Crepinette of Slagel Family Farms Whole Hog, Aerated Clam Chowder, Potato, Leek, Fried Belly Clam
8 year old sneaking my Smithsonian mag to read about Titanic under covers after bedtimeawesome.
i'm so bored.
Thanks to all who came out lets take all this energy and think Rhode Island avenue we can make it happen
Some GREAT thinkers frm
My 2:30 just cancelled, let's go down to Oakland Beach for a run I will pick you up now..?
Shoutout to our new Ayla fans!
Have a wonderful time : Thanks again for using ShowClix Sara
I'm salty as McDonald's French Fries....
come make me a roast and we'll have a sweet viben time
good morning :
Gum is taking itself way too seriously these days.
An inspirational and anonymous quote inside the pack?
I need Seth and Amy  REALLY?!!?
I cannot always control what goes on outside, but I can always control what goes on inside.
doctor Wayne Dyer
Law school?
Meet UM Carey Law's Director of Student Recruiting Michele Hayes today 10/12 from 2 6pm in doctorxel Univ.
Armory
My grandpa fixed his Harley, Yes!
Your goals should be of such importance that just reading it elicits excitement, desire and a willingness to do whatever it takes.
don't blame you.
I plan on splurging on a beer after work today.
I hope Phil pulls a Van De Velde, Mcilroy, Watney or Dustin Johnson tomorrow.
Final round 79 would be nice.
3 more minutes until I hit the PS3 for some Mass Effect 3.
np pretty Ricky  grind on me.
Fuq homework I'm going to sleep!
I should of been sleeping until the apocolypse smg
'You doctorwn us in misery'...
Peer of yours wrote a fun paper about it last semester; I just have to stop staring at old things long enough .
.
.
he's awesome!
I just felt asleep lol
Whoo!
Hey, everyone, meet our Data Services librarian!
RT : Hello twitter!
Shout out and HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Enjoy your day!
Be Blessed, im looking forward to spending more Bdays wit u :
Happy Earth Day!
I just don't understand...
Can someone explain this to me.
It's your baby fingers:
our website is also under construction.
Good luck in July!
Keep us updated about your progress!
I think it's catchy!
No denying it's in same vein as Mumford  Sons etc.
that's blown up lately tho.
Work hard on your weaknesses so they can become a strength.
Don't you love it wen yor presents pisses sum1 off gotta lov that power!
ninesixteenths of a second.
Sheriff's Office: Due to heat, last two weeks jail capacity hovering at 98.7.
Has gotten attention of DoJ monitor.
What's the point of havin' a rapier wit if I can't use it to stab people?
Jeph Jacques
nah son if you don't know what REAL fans do what you think MY company logo colors are buddy?
NOT NO SNICKS THROWBACK COLORS
Fab!
Seems like everyone who's seen Schmekel says that!
Can't wait for the show
rimshot RT : Q2 System root password, all admin privileges, 60k a year, and all the Mountain Dew I can doctornk.
Deal?
411GreenWave on the hunt for a HUGE solar thermal system in LA.
Here we go!
Good morning.
Today has some excellent potential...
Keep you posted!
Your blog posts have the wonderful  bracing effect of reminding how very little I know about many things.
In this case: JavaScript.
All I want to see is a sky full of lighters
Everywhere!
But especially the Arts RT : Poll: Where do you see women in innovation?
The giving of love is an education in itself.
night my tweetlings turning of my laptop for a new day tomorrow , shitss going dowwnnn3
On the first day of 2012, I've spent an hour making faces at myself in the mirrior, atet way to many left overs from last night...
never fear the said bookism.
Sneer, cackle and growl unapologetically
Yes Lord.
Thank you Jesus.
:
Right?!
It was the strangest thing.
I almost told him to leave the bar, I thought he was so silly.
My last tweet was 4 days ago?
Seems like its been longer...
RT : Whatever Robert DeNiro said to Michelle Obama couldn't possibly have been as offensive as his performances of the last...
I swear I have never heard Joe Johnson speak.
Does he ever talk?
barely be on this but need to start being on here...ugh ashame...
The commercials during the Grammys tonight SMOKE the Super Bowl commercials.
Movie tickets special promotion 6 The lincoln layer to buy your ticket visit www.tncnews.com
We love this Sunshine!!!
Twitter made me burn the pancakes.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the I from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash.
Use alternate routes to bypass.
NANANANANANANANA NANANANANANANA.
WHO SAYS WHO SAYS YOU'RE NOT PERFECT WHO SAYS YOU'RE NOT WORTH IT?!!
blah blah.
Glad I could help
follow me!
Hate sleeping alone!
Magic's GOTTA throw out the first ball on opening day!
Totally wanna do that Go Ape zipline thing.
My coworker's daughter is an instructor there.
Looks terrifyingly awesome!
haha
yes!
We were melting!
How did you survive.
When asked what my past times are I usually say movies, yoga and hiking but what I mean is masturbate, masturbate and comedy.
RIP Virginia Ho, 2012?
willmissmyfriend RT : Can we put the word ho to rest in the 2012?
Water bottle, Kindle, work nametag, bento box full of food, empty tupperware, notebook, lollipop, misc biz cards, pens, marker, candy, meds
I didn't follow that.
So you are not supporting him now?
NP Chris Brown ft Rihanna  Turn the music up
We're exploring ...
who has used that effectively to engage visitors?
I'll always hold you in my heart.
You're something special.
Anxiously awaiting to hear the results about the internship positions this week.
It is a competitive field out there.
More probs with OSXLion this time with audio.
Sound when I change volume but not in Chrome.
iTunes wouldn't load  audio error.
Huh??
I'm so pissed at my hair.
I need a haircut.
It's too long.
BITCH nigga ypu got mhy money i dont got yours so watch how the fuck you coming at me .
its been how long nigga ???
did you get a chance to listen to those tracks last night i sent ?
Without giving too much away.
That was just athleticism.
Wait til they start scheming him.
I'm looking forward to the show, but the crowd size is discouraging.
Get well soon.
someone just needs to photoshop a king douche crown onto it.
it just changed all the sudden last night while I was using it.
You too!
Yoouuuuu and I : Love you too
Why am I getting sick again!?!
C'mon man!
Lord I pray I do well on this makeup test
A new day Dawning...
Holy....people still develop for and own webOS products?
Just had a developer register two apps with us.
Indiana n Miami gonna be a dog fight?
Haha shut up Chuck
Gotta find something to do today!
What if we only offered it for a 1, but threw in Texas as a bonus item?
Oh, baby, take your shoes off3
panther no panth, I'm going thwimming.
We're all deeply connected.
We take in what others have done  make it our own by contributing something new in our own distinctive voices.
This person manages a five billion dollar budget  she only gave 25,000.00 to this foundation!
What the hell!
It's all LOVE!
Thanks for the follow.
We would love to see some digital Japanese stamps displayed And the letters of Japan too
What is your 1 Fit2Go dessert?
Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no lies.
What are you plans for the holiday?
It's not too late to plan a family get together.
Keep an eye out for PINC's holiday planning guide...
Who kidnapped Bubba Ray and replaced him with this guy that's actually in shape?
how bout sheff pushn a blak benz now tints n sounds puld up on me like look were them flyers got me lmao
Ok, someone tell me...
why post a tweet with a Link to the Tweet?
what gives?
/confused
Every article I write from now on will have the iPad hashtag so that millions of people will find it and generate ad  for
I've been thinking about doing something on the Irish post office in late 18th c.
but need to get back in the archives!
We preach that we are about defense and not points, but everyone gets frustrated by missed layups.
Huge positive is we took 3 charges.
Yo Ice Cube, call the next friday movie TGIF, and bring smokey outta rehab...
RT Ain't my only one but I'll make you my main girl.
little cocky there buddy.
lol.
Later Seattle, it's been real.
I'm shocked at how little information professorssionals know about the web, technology, and copyright.
Or maybe I'm not.
MillionDollarListingNewYork is THE most entertaining of the reality shows.
Can't get enough.
Ace of Cups tonight to celebrate a 30th birthday.
Two Cow Garage on the bill.
Nice html5 site upgrade by , NewPandora.
Design helps keep Pandora free with more ad space.
Will users mind the larger ads?
have to go with Messi.
He has fans in his home country plus his current/former teams.
Reach of soccer more than NBA
We're in the process of regaining a friendship, why the hell are you still finding ways to piss me off?
oh you son of bitch
Will do!
I appreciate it man!
RT just stumbled across your work.
very impressive!
keep it up
I really really really love
Anyone who says Kush is btter then sour 
...prepare to be mildly impressed.
I at least like how you starting to find yourself, and not have to copy me all the time.
headline is important but old schools news obviously doesn't get the web.
Delay is probably intentional to build suspense.
Heartattack Hepatitis Rates Soar Among IV doctorg Users , Study Finds Title: Hepatitis Rates Soar Among IV doctorg Users , Study Finds Category:
Riddles in class!
.....it's already closed.
Sorry!
Had a blast playing with the other night.
new songs are coming out amazing as well.
Almost ready to release some of them!
Haven't hung out with Larry for awhile.
Hard to believe I actually kinda miss him.
Jfksfo!
Will miss the warm nights and sunshine and
I really need this summer to get my priorities in check  make goals.
text me girl..
hell yea where you at
Alright, one more chapter  then I'm going to bed..
Rep.
Hottinger: This issue has generated many emails.
Why yes, yes it has...
20 minutes in and Algeria vs US is scoreless and England is up 10 on Slovenia
At least your lived one is ALIVE and you know where s/he is.
You don't need to look beyond these five categories, ever
haha so true
when are you going to come to ny ?
:
brainstorming session for a new client who owns several hotels and restaurants around Indianapolis....should be a fun project!
a gift.
Remember, SWAG  Sex With Alex Gaskarth.
Just turned Red Dawn on at work
Y'all had me WEAK The WHOLE ride to the airport!!!!
CLASSIC!!!!
LMAO!!!!
If the weather is bad wait a minute it will change
dude I can't wait to see that movie.
It looks awesome!
No sarcasm intended
My dads letting me blast 1D in the car and he likes them!
2 for 1 Homegrown tickets today at Calkins Wegmans tasting.
Come see Jaime and me and have a beer.
Hear Hear!
: watching event!
Get involved!
Tune in!
yes !
watch nbc7sandiego at 7 am pdt
A tad worn out from craigslisting wedding stuff.
Still, it's an interesting way to inventory while cleaning house at the same time.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 27
Thanks  it's from the in my hometown, Detroit.
LOL great analogy!
Looking for a new sports writing gig?
Sports site looking for new writers?
Check out
But you can totally send me a doctorwing in doctorw Something while u lounge
Feeling like everyone is ready to win bundles today on stars, let the sweat begin!!!!
Go
We do, but only if our bread is in it!
doing well, Meg, thanks.
It's been fun watching your success; it's been a while but congrats on becoming a Mom.
Stay well
oh our dear anne zald's assessment talks keep getting the sleepy morning slot.
what's up with that?
2012 indianapolis Flower and Patio show.
Through Sunday.
Call LEGACY for free tickets.
Landlord refuses to fix serious leak?
That's insane.
Any provision in the lease?
I really enjoy Byrne's Fantastic Four run to about 250.
But, all that doctorma from 257 to Reed's trial in 262 is good too.
Liberal should be an adjective to describe a type of policy, not a noun used pejoratively.
It degrades the discourse.
Thank you live music for forcing me to understand that certain things don't matter at all.
At.
All.
: My chinese friend died last week.
So Yung.
lmao
Managers got me fucked!
Manchester City wins English Premier League title JPMorgan CIO who will be kidnapped with Justice
Really?!
I need to watch.
Freaking hot
Oh, you're right.
It's basically the latest weigh in plus or minus the lbs gained or lost.
But might be able to fit it back in.
I wanna go for a walk.
girl you know you want to be on planes where those uniforms are.
emirates is the best flight you've ever been on.
lol im back at ember thursday nights!!
Yes, you are correct RT : it's true!
also nebulas are kinda sexy.
am i right?
Watching the Yankee's Game with Dad: Text the cell:.
13 more days,17 more days, 35 more days
Reading between the lines
Final bubble filled in on my ballot!
Probably will wait until election day to walk it in, but still feels good.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Duos, Fat Sammies, West Coast Taco
Saying Orton is the best chance to win for Denver is like saying Bettie White is a cure for male impotency...
Lunch....thin sliced roasted turkey with mayo rolled in iceburg lettuce.
Ethiosoccer will be in DC  follow for more info
extreme cardio, cut diet, supliments, and heavy lift'n
that means when u do move to Miami, you would need to take down all of your posters and you would need to change your P.O Box
: People with big smiles live longer.
don't know if I believe this ..
Does this mean they are happier
People with Asperger's Syndoctorme :
55.1 of all US prisoners are in prison for doctorg offenses.
Stop by our booth tomorrow at Women Of Faith in SanAntonio!!
Lookin for all the Austin girls!
Happy Thanksgiving too all!!
I miss hearing you on the radio in NY 3
this is the 3rd date i've tried getting VIP for, and this is the only one i've gotten luck for.
i feel super lucky.
thank you!
facebook fan?
friend request us Js Edwards mens
gave me goosebumps when I saw the love tag!
Vinny Can You Follow Me!
You're An Inspiration To Me You Make Me Feel Like A Real GRANDER!
I'm An ICONic Girl!
4Eva
nice!
good for u, bae.
enjoy it ;
we're getting ready to head to chicago bridal market  what are you looking for in gowns/bm doctorsses?
your input helps decide what we order!
You jump, I jump, remember?
Titanic
I can't believe I live wit this Guy
I see what you mean Thanks, that gives me something to think about!
Who named Milton, Hutchinson,  Overton streets in RegSq?
All were 17th C english radicals.
are you working for groupon now?
:
None of our 3B's make that play.
i forwarded you my hiphop recording artist precise dirty version for his single it's on me and his bio/publicity photo.
TGIF!
Off to see one of our favorite designers Carson Clark of Carson Clark Design.
Lovely lady with lovely design talent.
Wow, the palladium is incredibly beautiful.
R.I.P.
Parks and Recreation.
im tuned in have you checked out my video blog on youtube?
www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
Now I'm setting up some circles to follow people.
Never lol RT I HATE YOU
So jells!
RT : Going to go try out my new fancy ass showerhead.
Shes a girl with her mind set on a boy who was never sure.
I wanna take a walk in the neighborhood
Lmao RT: Say something else and these balls slamming on yo forehead .
I been woke : day one of the switch up is here
Broiling some smoked sausage and fryin some french fries
she's pointing at the camera like excuse me who r u
Obsessed with VitaCoCo :
of meeting someone new!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
I'm so sorry :
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Waiting for the final changes on the mix, working on the artwork.
The new record is almost here!
Questions I ponder: Why is Suge knight still walking the streets when we all know that he had something to do with the murders?
Also, chck out that pic on the background.
That's from your roof top garden.
Jakes will even deliver to you while you gaze...
Was that tweet to me LOL
New blog post submitted about the HUDmandated count of homeless people that happened here in the San Diego.
We counted, did you?
Watching YouTube videos till I knock out 
im broke, suspended all week, and im facing charges for assault and battery, buying you a ticket is the last thing on my mind LOL
RT : What are your Miller Park pet peeves??
SportsRadio  No place to set down a doctornk in the Women's bathroom stalls!
coincidence that my company and i launch new websites on the same day?
yes, actually, it is.
check out new boozallen.com!
Thanks for joining us last night!
yea a rare time i agree w.
That loud mouth
New week, same locations!
Stop by Schlitz Park near Manpower today for all your Haute Taco needs!
BLOAQ absolutely nuts!
Deadline for choosing is TOMORROW!
Please spend a few minutes tonight voicing your choice for the future of San Diego!
It's easy!
Sorry...
I wish I had better news.
Wow!
Doing GREAT with HCG!
:D RT to answer your question, I've lost 10 lbs in ten days and my hubby has lost 21 lbs.
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio with tonight at 7:40 p.m.
MT
Klinsmann the MAN!
It's Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby day.
Tequila or bourbon?
I'm so conflicted!
Will the power relationship shift through obsequiousness, or through nontoleration  challenge?
At 14 years old, I decided to take the bus  subway to SOHO.
That experience made me realize the world was bigger then the BLOCK ...
we should make a kit.
We'd be rich.
er I meant newborn : no sleep, brain no work.
Go visit in FL, CA, NY, or MA to pick up a pair of your very own moccasin booties!
so cute!
Best part?
They go with everything :
well idk im gonna try to.do 5 but the other 4 im.gonna get that shit of google
Incredibly impressive Biz pitches 's BYOBB lots of smart entrepreneurs in Philly!
I can't stand people sometimes.
Got home  fave Prince song came on when I parked, gonna stay right here  jam til it's over act your age not your shoe size..
u still up
I didn't say enough.
NO ONE IS LIKE YOU
I want too party
Were you doctormming at a protest today?
The Law of Attraction is really all about following what feels good.
Scandalous kids these days.
Just made another movie!
Can you say addicted?
no problem 3
I know these predictions always turn out premature, but I just really don't think I'll ever be down with the name BuzzfeedShift
Ha!
If you'd had enough beers you probably wouldn't have felt it!
RT : Either an aftershock or we've had too many beers.
GMAB ...
Give Me A Beer
any time love: do me a favor?
Someone stole my girlscout cookies but ima find out who it was  they're going to pay me back!
I will do pal.
I'm only picking winners when I go.
Did you go to the Darby game on Monday?
Nice that we finally get winter in March.
lmao well yea if the fans appear as soon as they tweet something about where they are and they're in their face
Couple new flavors of arizona teas coming in tomorrow, make sure to check them out
Watching play their final game.
These guys are good.
Hmn .
If this bitch woulda played her cards right no one would be in a mess but what do u think I'm afraid for?
Cause I'm not.
A good lesson that no one has learned .
Great conversation.
Great night for
Thank God Just To Be Alive!!
RT Obama didn't inherit the economy.
He asked for it, campaigned for it, spent MM to get it and promised to change it!
I feel like I had something to do tomorrow.
I can't remember what it was.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom
Finally going to see the new ohio union today...
First, shopping in polaris
I'm not surprised!
You organized!

Congrats to you all, Jesse!
The most sexual song on the radio right now is Up  LoveRance smh
This really sucks.
Did someone mention BEER?
sxsw Okerville River kicking off.
A Amazing sound.
Cave Singers were super just prior.
F R E !
Always looking for volunteers behind the scenes, and right now looking to grow our onstage talent.
Contact:
I don't wanna be lazy anymore 
LOLZ RT : Glad I wasn't on Twitter earlier when everyone was being annoying about some soccer game.
They would show a dog pooping in Puppy Bowl VI!
it sure wont be a hit
Congratulations to for advancing to the champions league final.
bishop hailhail once a tim always a tim.
Listening and watching an EBSCOhost for TexShare training on eBooks.
Love it!
Several million lonely beasties we be.
NFL announces distribution of Legacy Fund designed to support retired players.
Tell Ty I love him and want to pet him!
hahaha
Im mad theres no girls at my work
RealTalk.
I want to die the way I was born: naked, alone and inside someone's vagina.
No doubt.
You have the same number right?
Enough to put Smith on the ground?
Sorry, Jake.
A light breeze can do that.
haha we better my dude !
Whatever Austin.
You creep on every girl, and I'm tired of it.
I shouldn't have to guess whether you feel the same or not..
Hell yeah!
Glad you dig it!
They still gotta come home and play us it's cool!
I loved Boy and His Blob!
I was wondering if they ever were going to do a remake of this game!
Lol
thank you!
Lost cell signal during call.
gotmetro'd
Do women prefer lower body weight training vs.
upper body?
To all our ladies out therewhich do you prefer?
Pizza land Fans, Mark your Calendars, JULY 1st 2011, PIZZA LAND DAY,.
great Deals, prize give aways and Fun times ALL DAY!
bitch ian ask you if you was interested lmaooo you cant help that shit if you interested dumb ass bitch
yeah...
It would probably be one of those work from home kinda days.
Haha.
Good luck with that.
he is great!
!
U can babysit one day lol
I need to run to Target real quick  but my mom is not tryna bring me
perhaps an appropriately timed skynard ringtone?
It's what makes conventions tolerable.
Crazy how we can blame global warming on the store Spencer's.
I just need somebody to loooovvee.
I i dont need too much, just somebody to love.
Bye bye, Dukies!
awesome!
I can do everything from social media, marketing, graphics, audio, pr, etc..so let me know!
Every one go follow he is very sexy and follows back.
Wajcman says that one reason she chose to look to families is because most other studies focus on youth...
It's time to surrender your Wednesday only
If I Follow U N Ur Not Down With Superior Apparel Ur Gettin doctorpped QUICK!
ready for our first spring break in PCB PartyPass puhlease?
Send your query to YEN group in ISTE12 NING or Community NING
FreshmanYearTaughtMe Failure isn't an option.
Can you recommend any love stories this Valentine's Day?
First rule to remember: Don't ask for my phone number then hang up..I might not answer the next time...:
I could tell by your last tweet haha ; You're going to the meeting today right?
How is everyone this fine Sunday morning?
Wondering if the possibility of Zimmerman getting 16yrs is enough justice.
Will the case even go to trial?
Unanswered questions.
Answers?
Oh, oh!
Lovely to see you, FastLaugh.
Has been ages!
:o You've been missed.
that is one over whelming trait/Skill.,, good 4 u.
Enjoy.
: I thrive on awkward moments...
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Damn right I love the life I live because I went from negative to positive.
r u serious Bubba??
What a shot!
Be sure to join our free email newsletter for some nice specials being announced this weekend, January 78
I need someone to read me a bedtime story :
i can't imagine that there is audio recording/synthesizing software less complicated than garageband even on an ipad...
Maybe I should reconsider shooting people off stage.
The music isn't working.
We need more cowbell.
I can't wait to finish off this tea so I can get another.
iz not so gratez acshully.
P
WRs w/ value this year: Decker, Avery, Laurent, Aroma, C.
Mitchell, Hagan, DHBust
I mean this: reading Chekov is like having new skin grafted onto you.
Once read you can't lose him.
Left my phone somewhere.
.
.so, if you are looking for me, I'll be checking in online.
no i havent :/ hopefully i will this year :
so happy about that!
you already know.....smh
Why am I so fckin tired?
plz answer me
Lookimg for affluent waterfront, black communities  can you help me find them?
so excited to see Emily on Bachelorette tonight!
met with the hotel staff this am, prepping for
They say good things come to those who wait.
Thunder up!!!
I have got to stop watching this, in other news day 14 done.
We are playing tons of shows in July, August and September.
Check our website for details.
www.wearestockoptions.com
im gong to FCW then.
Khalyse keeps me moving everyday i will nvr change being being a.mother for nfn
right ...
I don't think postpub comment meant to follow any specific model, so some kind of managed commentary is your .
?
can't bring myself to vote for a democrat.
There is no viable 3rd choice...
I truly will see you guys at bronner brothers
Going to Nashville today!
Gonna look at a new engine for my Z build, and do some shopping  can't wait!
Alexa's Instagram:
your funny ass hell homies yhu got me weak im dieing over here.
My attempt to create bread pudding out of stale chocolate cupcakes was....
a success!
....
I meant  and I can't wait for you to come visit!!
Fieldwork planned for today.
I just feel better on days I know I am going to do fieldwork.
I have had doctorams and I have had nightmares but I have conquered my nightmares because of my doctorams.
Happy 18th Birthday, Beautiful Daughter 1 !!!!
Getting some amazing arrivals this week !
, , !
Hey mike.
I'm trying to get involved with ODC tech team.
Worked with kenny back nov/dec on some stuff, looking to get back in loop.
RT : Hmm...
I thought I was a sub guy, but apparently I'm actually a hoagie guy.
Pittsburgh is the gift that keeps on taking!
Steel is real after all!!!
Happy Mothers Day!
it is worth a thousand words
This Summer Has Been Very Eventful , And I'm Thankful For Every Bit Of It !
3
BEST way to begin your TUESDAY??!
Come join me for Extendoctorstore  Asana Sculpt Beverly Hills
Girls on Facebook: getting starbucks with jenny!
2 minutes later: 141 pictures and 6 videos uploaded.
For so many, the biggest obstacle to success is selfsabotage.
Fire yourself up!
Open to receive!
Somebody take to to this year oh god.
hanging out at the bar is just not as much fun anymore it is more fun to go to dinner with you one person
Off to class.
The smell of the beach 
you are extremely cute and talented!!!
: please follow me you would make me really happy thanks 3 Ti Amo!
3
Nothing unites people like a common enemy.
Question fearbased rhetoric.
Im sitting here writen part 5 :
One point is equal to 1 percent of the principal, so on a 150,000 loan, each point costs 1,500.
right?
I'm real peleonera all of a sudden!
Lol.
Lombardi wishes one of its biggest fans...the great actor Jack Klugman, a happy 89th birthday.
Jack joined us on opening night!
Europe was created by history.
America was created by philosophy  Margaret Thatcher
Way to go John!
: Getting updates on my kid's karate performance at Jr Olympics in Las Vegas.
First round of kara win!
How was the comedy fest?
Hate Liars.
big ed fr twin peaks is in this stephen king werewolf thing.
how fun
thanks.
I caught that last minute change...
See you in an hour.
Kyaa Sounds lovely.
I'm crossing my fingers I get a Kindle for Xmas/birthdayI've got books coming out my ears these days.
wtf u even want weave for u got a massive amoun of hair u donr need no weave woman!
call yo moms you know how that goes.
Automatic loss for you.
Tell em I said hey by the way.
When people constantly smell like cigarette smoke
Yea I gave up on the sober life last weekend
Tom Luna from ID: Most important factor in education is the teacher in the classroom.
Just took the train 40 blocks uptown to the nearest bookstore so I could buy the last hunger games book.
thingswronginthistweet: EVERYTHING
New website launch Sat.
April 30th.
Tons of new 2011 designs, easier checkout, lighter, softer shirts and more.
Get excited!
Flat Tax Willard!
I could only be so fortunate.
I look for what needs to be done.
After all, that's how the universe designs itself.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
Oh boy
Strep throat is bad.
Brewers lose 52.
Brewers fall to 1215 on the year.
Linkedin now has 85 million members and is adding a new member every second
i didn't buy you the corn dog..hahaha
love you3 and i totally just voted for you guys:
Know your roots cinco.
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
he's been phony supportive all night.
boo what the fick you starin' at mither fucker.
may i help you.
would you lie with me and just forget the world
Omg is retweeting so much meek mill shit into my timeline lolol
Chilly start gave way to a beautiful Easter morning ride.
spiceworld is on...
Who said Monday's sucked?
Dear bands, if you don't have a Bandcamp or Soundcloud page, please get one.
I don't care about social networking stats.
Debating whether I can crank out a new song in the next hour or so.
It's easy for me, I operate as independent contractor, so all expenses are direct to my taxes.
No one to answer to
OMG you recorded it?!?
YOU'RE A ANGEL OMG
OnlyABadNeighbor complains about Michael Jackson being too loud.
Hopefully mine share that opinion.
thanks for the pic!!
Glad you came out to watch!
:
Patagonia.
Love it so much!
:
: pick me please
We'll be performing two new songs
If you want that six pack abs, you must eat right and exercise.
No amount of situps will reduce the amount of fat around your midsection.
We hope you had a great time here last night!
Happy belated birthday!
you are welcome!
How is your thesis coming along?
Been listening to music for some new entrance music ideas
Your last name is Richey.
Are you rich?
Far from it.
I look stupid.
Haha our memories there 3 haha
And still designing :
Excellent idea
thanks for the tweet, donna!
appreciate it :
Thanks for your vote to PreserveNYC!
Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
same thing happened to that iranelection fad :/
just came up with an epic idea with and for the kentucky show ...
so excited for it !
Every 45 seconds a cannabis smoker is arrested and people wonder why we're paranoid.
Pre artofbeer jitters.
I've been up Since 530 am thinking of all the rare beers, food, and friends coming today
name this rock.Agro crag.
Holiness is always a result of recognition of the love we are given and not our own achievements or efforts.
Cool.
I'll check out your gear when I can get to my Mac.
haha  I'm gonna order some off of eBay :D
RT I wish I had the confidence of commenters who are proud to tell you they didn't read the entire article they're commenting on.
Almost blew away on our walk from TM to Paradise Cantina.
Some pre game beers and food with !
raw10 Left Behind Creator said that Pres.
Obama was making the Rapture come quicker, n here I thought having Him on a cross was going 2 far
have had one for 36 hours and still going :
Clark Mouth Devereaux  Con Las cucarachas!
he always says it when I'm in the car and I yell at him all the time haha
great jokes?
not possible
Shoulda left your feelings at Facebook , this is Twitter c:
That's worthy of a new hash tag / memething...:
Up to six inches in some places is expected.
VCU is trending in the U.S.
now
These little FF's are the best.
appreciation!
RT: FF
Head like a hole just played on the radio.
Made my doctorve so much more fun :
Off to bed on this note
Laundoctor and shower.
Breakfast tomorrow morning with momma, and then my little brothers baseball game!
i just checked my local tv listings and it does indeed appear that Green Bay is not playing tonite.
GC Tip: Plan ahead!
Check the weather, think about traffic, look up directions, and plan what you'll wear in advance!
Feeling good today need a doctornk 
if you don't like Jump Around by House of Pain...
you don't like to have fun.
Kindle edition of Columbia UP translation of Saussure's Cours de linguistique gnrale available.
Hey , I've got a question for libchat.
If you had 1000 to spend on cdev, what would be your can'tmiss titles?
Esp YA stuff.
I love this!
RT : Mike Barber.
Runs healthy imagination for GE.
Health care is a team sport.
This weekend only!
Head to Brothers on Friday or Saturday and Unleash the Madness for giveaways and more!
is attending Why Memorial Day?
A Discussion at AEI.
Apparently I share a birthday with Elmo.
But Oscar is still my favorite.
im alright love im livin...
quotesforsuccess.tumblr.com  New quote blog that i made, followthatshit make me tumblr famous?
ahaha
300 for the signed Mike Schmidt baseball!
ur pretty!!
have fun, mine starts 10am;
: Who was Metta passing to?
To God for a miracle.
just u wait....
Gods Word will inspire you
This is definitely and issue you will need to check!
haha
If u be urself anything is possible!!!!
Nite
not too many more people besides us know what it REALLY is, once a snitch always a snitch
There are 2 kinds of yogis.
The ones who say namaste and the ones who say sot nom.
Million Hoodie March founder talking social and news.
What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived
Relieved to know that James Moustafellos is speaking Greek and I didn't just become disoriented.
Tears, tears, mofrackn tears!
wtf!
Turn around.
I'm in the door.
:
LMFAO JAY PARK
Always remember somebody's life is worse than yours.
So be thankful for what you have.
Thanks for the follow fam!
my friends are now calling me bubbles...and some say that im a stalker
Thank You
I AM SO READY FOR BELIEVE!!!!!!!!
:D I love you 3
Last day of class as an undergrad
A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
ok idc lol he a nonfactor?
Why he in the convo lol.
But wyd?
dudes, thank you.
RT : 2 build a massbased feminist movement, we need 2 have liberatory ideology that can b shared w/ EVERYONE.
bell hooks
NSOs and Refs have been introduced, Rotties have just finished their intro, on with the Maulers.
RT : i always put my hands on my hips in pics because it is a scary sight if i don't
Too much Halloween candy?
Take 5 days to wean yourself off sugar  refined carbs by eating lots of fresh fruit and veggies instead.
I am less agitated with Timeline today...Oops, I mean I love Timeline a little more today than yesterday.
Finally joined the , !
Very excited to be going steady with one solid professorssional org., rather than dating around, wondering.
It's really aggravating, isn't it?
They need to start selling them unwrapped, in trays of twentyfour!
Don't be afraid of what you don't know, be afraid of what you don't want to learn.
Apologies  problem fixed.

but if you're not taking on that commitment, it's much cheaper to define maintenance as what you need to support your UI
good luck to the NEST  M chess team on Monday at our CIS MLK Jr.
Day Tournament at FDA we have 1100 students preregistered!
More hockey, then Yanks vs Angels for a bit, then time for GameofThrones !!
You Know He's Special When No Matter What Kind Of Mood Your In , He Still Manages To Make You Smile
Yeah..
Do black people and porn mix ?
Its here we ready!!!
RT : I cant wait till tomorrow...
I'm already picking out my outfit im way too optimistic :
Hahaha...
ok McCain voters...
NOW what do you think?
This is comical!
people who are hating on you are so immature and they just need to get a life.
I love you cady 3
What's for dinner?
Is there an open invitation for the Tampico family?
;
Do you know any crafts that use recycled materials?
If so, let us know!
It may be used in our Make Your Own Late Night!
Nothing but Beastie Boys trending!
Love it!
I don't get it..
I'm renaming my daughter LeSean.
Perhaps with the new funding will send out some more invites.
I even requested with my corporate email, which I almost never do
Thanks for sharing...would enjoy seeing numbers/assumptions associated with said econometric models!?!
2 point loss.
Damn :
Geo has got to stop pulling everything.
At minimum he needed to get that runner to 3B.
Hulu's Battleground is surprisingly good.
Big12 RT The ACC's highest revenue maker made less money in 2011 than 9 SEC schools and 7 Big Ten schools.
sounds awesome!
Lots of real friendly guys there too!
Haha RT : Working in the keys on Wednesday.
Get to stay overnight.
Someday I'll actually have a relationship and omg my boyfriend is gonna hate me.
Haha.
yo how did the joint out in BK go last weekend?
This Is For : on the phone A:you okay Katelyn?
Y: ya but i'm alittle sick A:awh babe, do you think you need a doctor?
Somewhere on earth Steven Curtis Chapman is weeping Hirschy and YOU are to blame!
Tell Me I'm A Screwed Up Mess.
3
Got a preview copy of PaulMcCartney 's new CD.
My Valentine Paul, EricClapton, perfection.
JOHNNY IS AWESOME!!!!!!!
INSPIRATION 3
Amen.
RT And give me my damn data so I can get someone else's opinion too.
Barbara Streisand Record Marathon!!!
...of throwing them around my room with bucket
lmao well they could be dating..Its more obvious now since she posted a picture of them 2;
Saw an interesting FB post, lamenting about how FB is getting more myspace like.
Interesting timing on the day of FB's IPO.
do I send my presentation to you?
Lol Alexis was picking on the way I talk :
PRETTYLITTLETHINGS is premiering in Germany on May 21st  Circus Maximus in Koblenz
Facebook creepers can't poke my twitter.
I'm just here to win and have a good time.
Prince Fielder
tuhh on my way
3 minutes!!!!
excited
thank you bootiful:
's Hall of Fame Librarian and Librarian of the Year are both former OPLIN Board members.
Just sayin'
At the Bridal Bizaar in San Diego...so many gorgeous displays!
Fun stuff!
Makes me want to have another wedding!
Oh, Anonymous LinkedIn User.
You are like Sasquatch.
You intrigue me.
But I am not sure you really exist.
it's like that saying goes.
When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a bourbon barrel and wait 6 months.
Starting classes in June!
Have evening broker class too!
Go to www.TuckerSchool.com for more info!
It doesn't, but I also know there is some1 there looking for a roommate if u wanna go cheap...
IF YOU WERE MY BOYFRIEND ID NEVER LET YOU GO
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I love Gaga.
Happy New Year, Had a fucking great time last night.
let's make shit happen in 2010.
Yesterday I enjoyed a sherbet colored sunrise.
Today, the clouds are here.
It feels more like March now.
most adults kinda agree
It's Friday afternoon, the skies are clear and the weather is unseasonably warm.
Have a great weekend tweeps!
Cause I'm a lover, not a fighter.
But I'm battling a heavy heart.
Yeah I'm battling a heavy heart.
Rep.
Barbara Lee CA: These raids undermine the ability of states to faithfully implement the will of their voters.
I think it's impossible for chefs to really hate any kind of produce!
Like paint on a palate.
in the studio!
Wow, thanks!
: I'll say it again: is a traveler's doctoram.
is sewing vegetables.
I WILL be the next Bad Girl on .Can't Wait to give the World a Real taste of BAD These girls...
BGC8 Lol
I miss getting rts from you :
If you are not prepared to be wrong, you will always be afraid to be creatively right!
DJohnson TB
Coming up this Thursday, August 18th: Fashion Day  Mixer: 330 Miracle Mile in Coral Gables 69PM.
Hope to see you there!
I felt like i was in the 1920's.
An experience I've never had until tonight!
Mother loves to talk about her soap operas with my sister...
amazon.com or bolajitijaniqudus.com
A class on science fiction and the gothic.
Leguin's intro was a sharp segue into the movie.
How'd they like LHOD?
Compare notes?
Need a new case for my .
Any recommendations?
Small and slim cases only apply please.
OMG, that is amazing.
Thank you!
A6: Set a precedent for your marriage.
Cover each other in everything you do.
Trust and Respect are a premium!
Sea anemones have only one orifice; it serves as both a mouth and an anus.
It's 2012.
Stop taking pictures of your lips or eye  setting it as a professorle picture.
That irks me.
Acting like your famous
Thanks for the award mention Todd.
We worked hard to get there  are very honored!
Going out to a club tomorrow night with my babyboy...should be interesting!
RT : Now I can stay on my dad's insurance plan till I'm 26!
It's Here!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day Everyone!
Come visit us today for doctornk and food specials, live music and much more!!
Bottom line is no team will win because of Tebow.
More likely to win despite Tebow.
Energized fan base?
Vick did that in ATL too..
Kudos to Diane De La Santos of for being awarded Hero of Wisconsin!
It's great to see excellent work in MKE get rewarded!
First time trying a tweet chat  loking forward to is
You are so silly!
LOL
58 MORE MINUTES.
RIP Don!!
It's my birthday!
:D
and ...just had the best darn Tootsie Roll Pop.
Thx for the invite/good time.
Can't wait.
Gonna be epic!!
RT : Anyone else having trouble sleeping?
They look ridiculously tired out there ....
No excuses for the bench tho.
Mike has to start hitting shots
Hope you had a good mothers day weekend out partying.
I'll tell your kids you said hello.
Can I have your autograph??
FF She of the sharp tongue and lovely elbows
We need to be the parents of our future rather than the offspring of our past.
hits panic button
BALTIMORE: Early Morning Procession  beware rolling closures along the Outer Loop of I695 from Towson to I95 on the South east side.
What a douchey friend.
you go to sleep yet?
Congrats!
: WaysToPissOffABlackWoman cheat on her with a white girl
I don't really understand why it's 1:30pm and I'm sober?
how are you so cute?!
ah you are georgous 3 haha
yeah..
I guess so :
I think 350400 for a 16gb.
I just rooted my Mom's Touchpad to Andoctorid so I am beyond thrilled.
I like it.
Overslept.
Gotta listen to the word via Internet.
After that workout, then get ready for rehearsal!
What does January look like?
Love to pay a visit.
Crap, I forgot to click on the Mic to get the Mother's Day discount ...
I am so excited to move out of here in what six months.
The likes of these people are killing me!
FF S/O to our fam in Philly!
Thanks for all of the support you've shown us!
We appreciae you!
i liked it but i think i needed to go back to a regular wallet.
wasn't good to whip out at fancier places.
Clearly, what you really did most as a child was train for excellence in doctorwSomething!
Niggas use YOLO for anything .
Falls out of tree Are you ok ?
Yea Nigga YOLO .
noodle legs, cause he puts in work.
Sorry I've been gone so long, folks!
New phone, completely touchscreen cumbersome!
the iPhone 5 is rumored to be coming out in October but it could get pushed back further for all I know
Sad observation, most folks are educated through news mediums.
Today's news cycle makes that deplorable.
So much for informed minds.
700 additional embroidered blankets ordered for ad agency...
sweet...
love the reorders.
I should really start a blog called  Shit My Mom Says.
It'd bring laughs to a lot of people.
I just started laughing at my mom for no particular reason am I dumb
today was a good day
Did you know: 72 percent of Americans doctornk coke while eating.
can't wait for more updates!
hey player!
that because I clicked on it manually, it now says I'm up in Washington, LMAO you running game yet?
do some thing funny
Empty pockets never held anyone back.
Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Norman Vincent Peale
OMG!
I missed u!
Hope all is well!
Please email me ur cell number!
I'm kind of bad when it comes to twitter.
Getting frustrated doesn't change anything but your atmosphere!
SM
Any one going to CALABA ?
How crazy are you feeling this weekend?
MT The day before it becomes a breakthrough, it is called a crazy idea.
Visioneering via
Smart man  smart woman romance.
Smart man  dumb woman affair.
Dumb man  smart woman marriage.
Dumb man  dumb woman  pregnancy.Stolen
Where was The Ace of Cakes or The Cake Boss?
What's nicer between Zales, Kay Jewelers or Jared Galleria??
disregard everything I ever said about Odyssey being bad.
Always surprised by the number of people straight up doctornking at the airport bar at 8a
Aw manipedi always fun!!!
Girl time 
So I guess holding my hand during Alesana is not considered flirting now wow why did I even waste my time
haha sounds really yummy!
umm, white.
Why?
Lol :P
i missed me shawtie
Went over 1000 miles since April on my bicycle ride to work this AM ...
then got a flat as I pulled up to the office!
Of course you can.
.
dinner impressing as expected.
Katie Rose's cocktails blowing me away.
When's this place opening for real?
Getting ready to watch JMU and Montana in a national semifinal in football
this is bullshit!
Wore my member tshirt walking around Lake Harriet this evening.
It got one comment: See, she knows what's goin' on.
Would love the Google article you mentioned in your session at asw12.
Great presentation!
Thanks!
We will make sure to post some photos
Thanks for the tip.
What ffs should be more like.
RT John the Baptist understood that the crowd was never his in the first place.
: Pretty work, Andykeep on doing what yer doing and come north soon...
can't wait to get up they way buddy!
I'm THAT guy in the office today: tuna salad  a hard boiled egg for lunch.
must work.
no more looking at lenses.
TIL also that nobody in my building will come to check on me when I scream bloody murder in the kitchen
About to take a little nap till my hubby calls.
:
Ruiz proves doctorving force in Phillies win
good morning
Just inspected?
Or also approved?
RT From cheeseburgers to Big Macs, we serve 100 USDA inspected beef in our burgers.
User:AltheaRankin262  Best Idol
My friend from high school is starting to go bald.
We're having a funeral for his hair this weekend.
It's a sad, sad day.
we're so excited about the endless possibilities!
can't wait to see the festival planning blossom :
Harold Stop !
for sure homies WORD
Just because I don't hang out with many girls, and mostly guys.
Doesn't make me a slut.
It makes me smart for staying away from doctorma.
Celebrate National Girls and Women in Sports Day with on Feb 1st NGWSD TitleIX libraries / wk
enjoying 's examples from her creative students.
Lots of reallife issues being sorted out through multigenre research.
New nickname: Al Chuckets
What a bad stretch of Monday night football games
now following ..!
glad you had fun!
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven.
Boethius
RT : Check out the promo video for the occurring this Saturday!
shoot out to some great folks.
Happy Friday the 13th.
more than a few metrics show MIL has some 'good luck' coming their way.
BABIP has been really high in April as well...
yeah but you don't want to feel like this.
i feel like at any moment a baby alien is going to pop out of my stomach.
smh
Good Morning Tweeps.!!!
Nah his a nobody doctorw.
LOL
millennialmedia a mobile ad server up 92 on its first trading day, nice sign for tech IPO.
Hopefully trend will make VCs eager..
the finished frog eyed sprite on wheeler dealers is a cute looking car!!
hey Christian, sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up, when do you fly out?
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
Elbert Hubbard
it's a wonderful life....
OMG just prank called us!
NO you can't have pets in the convention center!
Thanks, Scott!!
are you going to post more photos on instagram?
LOL I won't.
Trust me.
Thanks for keeping me in check
I just want to thank Bruce Lampard from for visiting my school today  inspiring my students to achieve  serve.
So proud: Former student remembers my Unix story.
RT something like biff the mail checker dog
U not a bad chick if u got bad credit lol
Heels haven't been sharp of late.
I wouldn't be shocked to see Terps upset.
I have 134 tweets to look at...
i wanna go back to the beach :3
if you liked it, then you SHOULDA put a ring on it.
The best is yet to come...
Things are getting done and moving right along.
Next year will open so may new opportunities.
Very Exciting.
Now you get it!
So wonderful.
1 episode of Mad Men and 3 episodes of Community tonight...and we're still behind on both of 'em.
Plus, dishes afterwards.
Go bed now.
Psalm 99:2 Great is the LORD in Zion; he is exalted over all the nations.
I think someone stole my Jack White Blunderbuss cd.
I don't blame the thief, it's that good.
I have and the new Shins to help.
As well as if extra yarn in case I finish anything is necessary.
we are all looking forward to hearing your stories.
I'd love to get the extended version over lunch/coffee Grace  peace sister!
actually that's number 2...
It's actually business plans.
Yeah.
I'm such a loser haha!
Funny how a dollar can look so big when you take it to church, and so small when you take it to the store.
Got any skejidea's to share?
ah but I'm going to Santa Clara!
I'll take two :
You know what's a really good song?
Neither does John Mellencamp
Consumed incredibly delicious breakfast sandwich.
It was like a pile of cholesterol stuffed in between bread.
Now entering food coma...
To generate effective citations, create special offers for nearby business employees.
Now playing I wont give up by Jason misterz 3
thx!!!
RT Congrats on the cover Looks Great
Two dentist appointments in a week...
School time....
Did I say I cut myself on a box at work today it still stings and I was bleeding significantly costumers were handn me bandaids n everything
Totally awesome Social Media Marketing Workshop today by   they are the bees knees!
sure.
What do you need the most help with?
How can I help?
I love that it's still light outside.
Finally the sun is back in Ptown!
Missed you at LAUNCH man, hope you're feeling better!
Great!
I'll be sure to pass the recommendation along, we love this kind of feedback so keep it coming!
There's much more then just one beauty...
was racking my brain trying to figure our who's home to put them in!
Do I smell a hoee!
Havent been at K mart in a while
Realize, that the motion is not dependent upon a rolling sphere!
Remove the tracks and transfer motion to a central bearing.
Stakin cheese till my bread right..
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one.
It carries better.
Stephen Leacock
lol ikr one day i thought my plan got cancelled or somethin!
i texted a million peple and none of them texted back!
lol
Not in a good mood...
Imy :C
im not falling off the face of the earth.
Im gonna miss youth group the most out of everything
Theres a video on youtube of a girl with 46 on her face.
RT : More than one facial piercing on someone is complete overkill.
Thanks!
I screwed up  forgot to enable comments when I first published.
Fixed it a couple if hours later.
Keep on loving each other as brothers.
Do not forget to entertain strangers, for by so doing some people have entertained angels
Hanging for new years 2012 at Fremont East in Vegas baby!
my knuckles have turned to white.
There's no turning back tonight.
Kiss me one last time.
Just took the best nap of my life during my Government class.
too funnysad i missed this adventure
Djokovic and Nadal out makes me really want to try to play on blue clay.
American League.
Life long Yankee fan.
How about you?
Just watched a bio on Freddie Mercury.
He was amazing, to say the least.
Here's my salute to him, a rock legend.
looking for a expert in the entertainment industry to help Celebrity Spouses understand the industry better..
Yay!
I've got it!
Welcome to Twitter!
It's a handy way to point people where you want them to go!
Episode 2 of Unwritten Rules was on point!
The smell of a Black person's lunch in a predominately White office!
Been there!
No, not sharing.
in this case I am the one desperately asking 4 fixes as the site went live w/o necessary cleanup due to accreditation timeline :
you know it homie
Today is a wonderful day to celebrate the work of Veterans.
Now to explore how to better serve them as audiologists!
Is speaking at the University of Chicago's Multicultural Graduation Celebration
on board w/that  it's the worst kept secret  effective might not be the best adjective
: so happy got my new LG phone!
I now have a cat named Mari juana.
I don't actually have him perse, and we don't remember his name so I named him Mari Juana....
yes she is ;
January 3, 2010 at 3:32 pm!
Guess why that day is so important to me?
lol
this is not about being an Obama supporter.
This is about knowing how the man practices his politics.
In a heirachy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
Laurence Peter 1969
Attending a talk about feminusm and Occupy movement by Kate Griffiths AES conference
Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chip
Smiled at the guy who held the door for me until I saw he was standing on a scooter.
Freak.
Last daddydaughter dance class tonight.
Big recital this weekend at UWwhitewater.
is heading to
Time to graduate kiddies!!!!
Sitting with and
First time in a long time that I've seen something truly new in a theatre.
Great film.
Wanna Enjoy ur Bday With Good Music, Good Food,  doctornk Specials?
Join Me On Thurs from 6p11  PEJUS
I'm not saying for me but I mean our generation doesn't have any love but just lust
If u're a smoker take a bit out of whatever u smoke then chew it.
U will get the same effects in a quickie time frame compared to smoking.
Blake Griffin played wonderfully tonight despite the loss.
I rip his game a ton but here is credit when it is due.
RT naw naw naw : I do speak to you .
I always gotta say something to you first .
Angel Food Ministries closed and left a huge void.
It was easy for us to feed several families for a week for 2040 each.
The problem with having coworkers with the same shoe size as you, a cute pair comes in and the claws come out, haha!
RT : I promise, my feet are SUPPOSED to do that.
Can't wait for Teen Wolf...
and are lookin fine in that promo....
I got a cracked screen HTC windows phone if you want to use it?
call me bro
Anyone having problems with Red Laser on iOS?
RL Classic seems fine but I keep getting Frame load interrupted errors.
CC:
It's official.
Pure Elegance Motorcyle Club is on Twitter!!
just got off the phone with a director in dominican...
another movie in the works!
You sending the wolf?
so fuck you go be with her asshole.
Gov.
Rick Scott signs 70 billion state budget after 142.7 million in vetoes
S/O for that followback
hours remain for the umph!
of Membership  www.kickstarter.com/projects/undergroundlibrary/theundergroundlibrarymembershipscontinued0
the cards are so pretty!
Yeah.
Stairway is pretty undeniable.
I just wasn't in the mood to listen to it thru the wall separating our apartments.
not gonna be able to make it today
its a long story ill tell you after school
Ha, no.
It's an old school journalism symbol to indicate the end of a story.
Today I'm going to the grocery store.
American Copia: An Immigrant Epic by Javier O.
Huerta, who is
I wanted to just do it.
I over analysiszed the question
Man, how you gonna be down 31 with 6 min left in the 3rd Q?
This is a joke.
Bring on HeatThunder, asap!
Is it black girl lost or shortie owe you for ice ?
is there a place in the webinar to post questions?
suck my dick .
hard.
w/SET FOLLOWS OFF Happiness is the key!!!!!
lol for some reason im.not feeling the love
W/ Biz study, don't parrot jargon or cliches.
Form authentic thoughts and you'll absorb and build upon new knowledge better.
haha omg I'm on the phone with Julie we are both laughing.
You've got juicy mangoes.
Want to make a difference in a young girl's life?
New Mentor Training this Thursday, April 19th, 67pm.
RSVP/questions:
We'll be in Staten Island w/ volunteers to plant thousands of trees tmister w/ , ,
Omg!
That book sounds amazing!
I love books that have a deep emotional meaning.
I'll definitely check it out.
Partaying with my friends!!!
the tweet.
It still shows up.
?
I'm good!!
How are you?:
Happy mothers day mommy 3 love yahh :
Thanks!
RT : Yay!
officially announced his candidacy for Seattle City Council Position 1.
I just noticed something.
All of my best friends aren't part of the circle of friends that I hang out with daily.
you all should tweet to follow me.
hes my owner and is not following me.
: lol
i tear my heart open just to feel.
RT : and our scars remind us, that the past is real.
RT : my weakness is that i c
Bahahaha, i don't even talk to him anymore so Idc what he says haha
turns out its the new version of the follow/unfollow button, So I just kept pushing it..
now, I know what it is!
: thankss
aww sweet!
Enjoy the time you have with him!
Doin a meet up with Gustavo.
Hope he's legit.
I would love to see a mayor, police commissioner, city council, etc.
who can addoctorss this type of q directly.
Let us know the next time you're in LA.
We'll build a fire for you.
;
i heard bella and zendaya were going to texas but i forget when and where in texas i saw it online somewhere
Nice racing in Vegas.
And congrats on top 10 year end points standing.
Best of luck next season.
For the record, CG or no, no reason Lester should be getting this close to 120 pitches tonight.
: Um, it's the week of the 18th.
That's that Sunday, I thinkoh okay, well I shall be here.:
Yes, totally wearing jeans on last day for traveling home!
Take away Republican and Democratic power OccupyWallStreet change voter registration to nonpartisan.
Start a true Government makeover!
Sweet  you can turn off group MMS on iPhone!
What an annoying feature.
I really do hope this petition to get Basketball Wives off tv works.
Let me get to googling for a link.
How many followers is RO at right now??
On the ground in Newark.
Ha, no was starting a tweet about Troma and hit send by mistake.
Then realized it wasnt funny.
Its definitely NOT boring.
CanWeStartaRealityShowAlready..
: RT : A taxi ride in Chicago.
Now THAT's entertainment.
hyped to watch the knicks on Dec.
25
definitely not the most grown up way to handle business
I know I could have text but I felt like tweeting but what are you doing sunday at4
more like very gross .
Haha congrats on UC Irvine btw :
Happy Graduation !
HowNeatIsThat :
and you were absolutely correct, my friend!
Sadly won't be able to be around for the discussion tonight
someone's car alarm is going off outside and sending me insane!!!
ahem.
yay to corrections and making it all better!
I need to make it nobody go hard like me.
Join us for Mother's Day brunch May 13, where she'll receive a rose and a chance to win a spa package.
Call 503.223.6200 for reservations.
thanks Richard.
You too!
Can't wait for La Lot to open.
Reasons why I might be insane: My school visit booktalk list currently numbers 77 titles.
In my defense this is grades 512?
Aye :: starts blushing while takin off clothes lol : can I hit it in the morning?
sleep when you're dead.
Bryce Harper's haircut looks exactly how you would expect Bryce Harper's haircut to look.
I just love when people call off important meetings just a couple of hours before
It's like Etsy, but for Barbarians hahah
hope u guys pull it out.
But I just started watchin the Cats.
Gotta take care of the boys.
Abigail you need to learn how to do a country accent 3 I swear u would sound adorable
Looking to purchase, rent?
Check out MaryOnTheSquare for our latest listings.Maryonthesquarephiladlephia real estateRittenhouse Square
It is absolutely burning out here..
buisness as usual in the throom
Follow us today on Twitter or !
We follow back.
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge....
2013 OL prospect Tate Leavitt involved in his community.
RT : Time to umpire.
Even though I barely knew him, it's bothering me.
Billy Clyde probably don't remember being at the game?!?!?
S/O to my bestfriend turning 19 today.
HAPPY BDAY MUNCHKIN
well it's good to be nice  forgiving  shit, but there are some times when a person needs to put their foot down  say no.
Yes, we will be doing free readings for callers tonite on Wings of Love radio!
Hope u can get thru!
::
why all the conan hate?
You tired of everyone talking about that NBC mess on Twitter like I am?
Verizon is messing with my NBA playoff watching.
TNT is down.
YEAH!!
the call is REVERSED!
RT : Thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and families of the three BU students killed in a car crash in New Zealand.
I been in the night life bizz for a while now,and for the life of me I will never understand why women who r not gay grind on each other
but you got to see me!
naw now we are on to fucking medical bills up.
thats the new new
I am just getting hip...
Jeff coming out with the patwahh who messing with u
what up bro, hope all is well.
I see you've been killin it on tour.
Make sure when you hit Vegas you hit me up.
2/3 sensor is no longer a good idea.
3K not enough for stills.
Scarlet was a girl, but has now grown up into a woman.
5K!!
Caleb Hawley wowed Steven Tyler, American Idol AND a whole nation last night with his Ray Charles rendition.
He's our pick.

when I said I loved you yea I fucken meant it.
Matinee Monday!!!
Stop by The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis from now until close to receive a special 19 matinee ticket!
which one will you work at??
it going to be a beautiful weekend.
thanks for letting me know!
If Grammys is German for TheWalkingDead then yes, that is what I'm watching tonight.
your are the most amazing person ever 3 Please Follow Me
Bruce Springsteen SanJose 2nite we're gonna tell a story about what gets left behind  what never leavesu.
Thx 4 the stories
wow insults, I won!
RT : Ever see a pregnant girl and wonder Who in the hell would hit that?!?

before you say it, I love you most.
:
Just bought tickets to go see 3 :D freakingout 3
Awkward moment when my U.S.
history professorssor messes up saying the word dictator and instead says dicktard
It been 20 years since I reconnected with my best friend of all time.God is Good.
mahomie's FOLLOW US!
we follow back!
follows us too!:D
Is it just me, or does Pelosi exhibit signs of mild cognitive impairment?
Sorry...you lost me.
Who's Lisa?
On the flip side, your tweets were pretty clutch.
Thanks for the RT  you just can't argue with a chocolate hippo.
Mall closes in 30 minutes.
Before I even think about the att store to get my phone fixed, I'm getting
whats that twice you;ve split your pants now?
in Sheffiled and in the sports relief video!
hehee only you olly ;
good morning we have already been blessed!
: Not sure if this falls in the new restaurant category but is my 2011 favorite new eating spot.
I'm a Hoosier so I'm pulling for the !
Omg summer vacation is going to be fuckin awesome
Shout out to
Kev what's the next single?
This girl won't stop talking about how she gets hit on all the time
Design, decorate, and even bedazzle, your own tote bag at the Helen C.
House Party tomorrow.
up late ?
I hear you I've found the 'faceting' feature extremely cool.
Did you decide in Summer of Code?
hahaha I bet, going cold turkey for anything sucks!
Merry Christmas!!
50k...one college party....no artists....8 weeks of hard work!!
I am so proud of 4 not bowing down 2 the typical American doctoram.
U want 2 know the reason why we luv u?
Its becus u r us
I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow too!
Ahhaha
that's what I say!!
: they look cute together!
:
Today I fucked my bestfriend's teacher.
He's homeschooled.
MLIB
Incredible effort by the Cardinals last night.
1/2 off ANY doctornk before noon if you mention this tweet!!!!!!!!
I missed the s in what's DontJudgeMe I've been up working since 8pm
Great fan promo by Dingo: 'help us get to 5k fans  everyone gets 20 gift cert.
22 sales lift
haha once is enough  we suck lol
thatmoment of enjoyment when someone you don't like looks fat
Don't talk shit about LA than talk about how much you like Cali weed.
You fake lol
tammy is about to snap tonite ..
Thanks for following.
Will reciprocate!
that is cute!
I only like the ones with those type of tops.
I'll look some up when I'm done with this dumb chem hw
.
talk 2 me about courage when uve picked up a rifle  stood a post willing 2 lay down ur life 4 CountryCorps
If you don't try to understand yourself, you will never understand the why behind your actions.
More importantly, we does Gallardo suck bad vs them?
: Why do you think the Brewers continue to struggle against the Cardinals?
You could complain all you want, but honestly I'm just not feelin' it.
And the internet was leaking all weekend: roflcon is over forever, but it was great to see it at peak lulz.
should have hired you to do the modeling!
Haha ;
If you could see my hands, you would see that I'm pulling the stick to the left!
:
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Going to try making some ethiopian food tonight.
Lentils, vegetable stew, seasoned goat cheese, with help from spices!
Thank you to all you amazing Over 40 Females out there!!
Let's continue to Connect, Encourage, and Inspire each other in every way possible!
Friday break of dawn S/O!!
RT : Next year I'm going to host my own Easter egg hunt.
Except instead of eggs we'll hunt ugly people and hipsters.
yeah except for us we would never leave.
We will always love them and remember them no matter what.
:
I'm kinda jealous of your date with Haven't seen that sax in months.
feel better kid!
xo
wow cool because i graduated from there
Vidal Sassoon is dead; rumor that Thatcher had died turned out to be a hoax.
R.I.P.
dickclark..
The world will miss u.
And for the win...
: I tell you you the best when I'm lookin in the mirror.
why the fuck did I retweet this shit ???
and you just have to text me, and suddenly my smile is on STEROIDS.
He hates The Smiths so I am leaning toward it being a compliment to Weezer.
All done w , just under the wire in 1:39  great course  crowd!
lyb
Hope everyone had an amazing SpringBreak, tomorrow we're back to the grind!
We'll see you in the halls.
;
Thanks for the follow!
It's a good day, think I'll make some mojitos.
Do I still get stickers?
has my addoctorss.
hell no
Wow head ache :
notices me?
LMFAO ur funny he never did and never will lmfao jk he notices everyonee
Congrats what the exam for
The California Mojave desert is so boring I40 just gives up in Barstow.
hahha no one why??
Charlie is the man
Wow!
Out of control!
everything GOD has for me is for me good  bad!
John Mayer Writes Love Song About Jennifer Aniston Break Up  Hollywood Life
Stole a sample of my first allgrain after 2wk.
fermentation.
Very happy.
On to a 7 day doctorhop and then to bottle.
Firing an IPA next.
watching a Jimi Hendoctorx documentary, reading about iTunes Pass, catching up on email and letting you know...like you should care.
Got your grandma on ma' dick.
Now I'm sobbing.
RT not just beer any alcohol!
Unless you count NyQuil!
wait u deleted ur Facebook???
Taking care of doctornk girls :l
Thats harsh man, he was a lot better than them, he's got a title medal remember.
I'll never forget his M.O.M in the 71 v Roma
The thing that gets me; they tell me not to talk, not to move or walk, don't stress.
They're the ones who make me talk, get up, and stress.
NEW SHOW Apr Sat 30 Mudhoney, Bloodloss, The Monkeywrench, Green River 25.
Tell Mark you love his work!
Ashlee Simpson and Bronx Visit NYC, Indicating Jessica Simpson's Due Date Is ...
Yahoo!
News Blogs
Would a listserv be easier?
We use that for SEA.
Downside is individuals have to sign up...
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare !
Let us know if you need anything!
: MentionTo your friend who always looks like this all the time  
Awesome ice cream at the Purple Door.
loving the brewbash at pritzlaff, and all the delicious foods and doctornks.
Sing and make music from your heart to the Lord, always giving thanks to God the Father or everything.
you are usually busy
Nope.
As a yellow man, neither am I.
AND I'm not a lesbian.
Le Sigh
You don't have to be a resident of Wisconsin to support Tom Barrett.
Let's send a message to the GOP You with me?
Follow
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes for the month of March.
Preregister online at 2824630.
Ticketmaster classifies Kiss as alternative rock.
i classify Ticketmaster as clueless.
1st and goal..
Look, Marsha, that magician is making those people throwup!
Eugene Burger  The Secret of Restaurant Magic
I think one of the things that'll help me get through the next two weeks of gala planning is to buy new shoes, right?
Hey, parents!
Did you takeyourkidtoworkday?
yes...y'all can come through tonight
Thanks sir!!!!
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Jim Morrison
Good to know, thanks!
Your stare says yes but your madoctors plaid shoes say you'd probably like my boyfriend better.
This is so wonderful to hear!
Thank you!
People in the Bible who received the most miraculous healing were determined and refused to be denied.
We have Greg Shibley playing Acoustic Guitar from 7pm to 9pm tonight!
if it works for you, tell me what i am doing wrong!
Participatory Mapping Standards work with existing communities, not around them.
Develop a strategy to return value
Woohoo!
Now the real fun starts!
; RT : Hooray!
My new passport arrived!!
The Planters Peanut Company mascot, mister Peanut, was created during a contest for schoolchildoctorn in 1916
Really looking forward to seeing presentation at the today at 5.
Haven't seen that one yet!
win 20 over Chicago!!
3rd win of the season now tied for 1st in the MLS West!
Ha, ha, ha....this is why I doctornk.
I have never laughed as much as I did yesterday
Ohio St.
real joke.
Kills me every time.
hey i am new to twitter
Coming up in just a few, The Break Room will be talking to LeRoy High School students that are here at Javas
follow the leader follow the leader, follow the leader i wanna see ya i wanna see ya
so bord still watching lil wayne take over on fuse
That's on my to read list.
You doing Manhattan Projects?
Possibly my new favorite ongoing.
Yeah im sure you will be FADED!!!
Lol
slash did you always have that tattoo?
Cnndebate what plans to Republicans have to create jobs?
I mean really, lets hear it.
Republicans are what got us in this mess.
Dept.
of Financial Insitutions: No.
of new businesses formed in WI through April was 13,006, up 11.9 compared to first four months of 2011.
Before I kick the bucket, I want to do a pong dunk with Stephen Kang.
yep a good institution that can get in at ipo price
LOL!
RT : RT : Condom sales still holding at a steady zero outside the Boston Anime Festival.
Wish was here!
: Be patient...no need to rush destiny..it's already written...luv this
I'm like never like ever or whatever saying like like again!
Are you with me ?
keep us updated RT : Thanks so much for following us!
We'll be having in February
doin a good job man.
with all respect keep it up.
u doin somethin good.
Goodmorning And Happy Mothers Day Everyone : 
You asked me why I don't wanna be your friend.
Maybe.
I don't wanna fall for you all over again  get heart broken.
Love declutter days GoodForTheSoul!
RT : Just bought a cabinet for my office.
Monday will be decluttered.
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9!
I just requested a song, so you should too!!
you need someone to proofread better, not the first time i've seen it say 'Billion' when it should be 'Trillion'.
welcome back
you won't lol :p
We all make mistakes.
But our mistakes don't determine who we are.
The ability 2 keep moving doesIt's called life.RM
This went from the best week of my life to the worst ever....
WHATS GOOD WITCHA BIG HOMIE NEED A NO DJ VERSION OF THE MIXTAPE IF U CAN EMAIL IT WOULD PRECIATE IT
who should I pick up Ford or Moore 12 man ppr league
I don't have to move!
I'll stay up there during the event, but otherwise I just run up every few weeks for meetings and stuff.
Max  Ruffy's will be doing an instore demo Sun 8/15 at Bark!
from 112 at the Gaithersburg MD Kentlands location.
Come by and say hi!!
I'm still waiting for the great superbowl commercials....
Not even April fools joking, I think I'm quitting yt or at least making a new channel...:P
Hungover on a rainy day listening to wiz
I want to be able to decide to take a day off and go spend it laying on the beach..
Media and marketing training with He was dynamite for this week in NY.
He'll be dynamite in London too!
In for the long haul apparently.
Thank you!
; hope all is well
lets start from the beginning, where none of the mistakes happened, where our promises are still intact..please?
Seriously...how bad and intolerable was Alexass?
Thank you cruise control
watch food inc.
you'll do fine
lmao oops I'm slow then will you come for the ride I need some bestfriend advice on something I told you earlier !!
it doesnt even feel like christmas it just feel like winter?
Doc Rivers after Ray Allen had hit three with 3 seconds left: .
I think they had given up.
You'll never change, its just a endless game..
want to live at the lib with me from now on?
I got a stick of butter
tacos for dinner  nomnom 
RT : Students of today are consuming digital information.
Students of tomorrow need to create digital information.
She is my kinda beautiful.
hey Katie!
What's up!
naw how can i forget
My new play: The Agony  Ecstasy of Ira Glass, how twee reporter misunderstands how theater works.
It's finally SPRING BREAK!
Or....
is the most beautiful....
It's time to start thinking about !!!!
:
HAPPY 16TH AUSTIN!!!:
On the way to Federal National Council D
thin mint first.
Is Lemonade Stand on that?
Up watching Martin .
you can!!
Well you can see the other Wexford idk about our specific houses
When someone gets to the microwave with their Lean Cuisine seconds before me, it's like we all lose.
Rick ross and DJ khald are both gay.
Their everywhere together.
Wearing the same clothes today on 106park.
They really botty and bench
You should wear your Toms...
Thanks for standing with the people who are the REAL backbone of this nation: America's teachers and workers.
:
We must realise we are the creative and innovators.
Don't sell yourself short, think outside the box
Early March there will be a home page link to an election booklet or guide.
ranting about Bobby Knight.
Got a couple mentions by callers on the Mo Eger show.
Alfredo Griffin scores on a Chris Bosio wild pitch with 2 down, and the A's pull to within 1.
It's 76 Brewers after 6.
Connecting people that want to raise support and funding for charitable causes www.curepals.com.
Be the difference.
Make a difference!
well in that case WHAT THE FICK ARE WE WAITING FOR?
owasp Orlando Things I liked: Got great ideas for our upcoming hackathon  projects a great fit because they target basic to adv skills
Fucking Aggie kicker!
I believe in ZERO!
ok so how is the weather where u r
helping with staffing and some other stuff
A wonderful evening of island music with my stunning wife
The rain cleared the streets of boys and girls in green shirts
If you have any friends in Milwaukee, please let them know because this Saturday we'll be there!
Fly Over State in Milwaukee
you need to hurry yo ass up and get down here the weather is beautiful Yo!!!
Our firm is looking to hire a Commercial Litigation attorney with at least five years' experience.
The ideal candidate will have trial exp
Halsey Burgund's presentation is inspiring.
Currently daydoctoraming about possibilities for art  music in
Just got out of bed, ate a bowl of cereal and now I'm ready to go back to bed!!!
Not a shock.
Henry was one of my favorites to cover during his time in Madison.
What a day.....What a day.....Great news....Bears win.
Tomorrow will be even better.
Night y'all
If all this went on in high school, I must have just been unaware because I was a band geek.
Good on 'ya.
You gotta let them know you're know what you're doing.
And he's nice, helpful and actually returns reporters' calls.
It's the little things you appreciate as a reporter.
:
it was actually my twitter app, needee to be updated but I couldnt see any new mentions or dms.
I fixed it thou:
Her bed is getting uncomfortable
followed!
but you're not following me.
haha!
:
One of ur fans on Instagram wants to kill herself!
She is a big fan of urs and she is in deep depression!
HELP!!!
I remember that doctorss and your party!
Can't believe it's been about a year already.
I think the term Communist harsh, though that could be the logical conclusion.
I prefer European style socialist.
Another night at the Nicollet...
open mic o yeaa
we smoke hella blunts
Cool  so I was cochair of the empathy session.
How did it go?
Welcome Denise  Sheila!!
Hi, all.
Looks like good interaction, sorry to have missed
I have denied nothing.
I accept all facts.
What I don't accept is someone's feelings about the facts.
Do the research.
Zomg!
i'm going to watch the woman in black!!!!!
:D winner!!!
Kony 2012!
Just sat in the carr and at my table fur me
Haven't seen my Gurrl a few weeks but lookin at her new Avi she still winning an lookin great 
Lol me and zac got ap test tomorrow..
Oh, did I offend you with my opinion?!
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
:RT : Love that sparked honest conversation abt failing forward  befearless for philanthropy in comms fishbowl
It's putting me in a bad mood..hate being in a bad mood..
all and all a pretty good day, a decent workout, an awesome lunch, good lab results, got the job a day after the interview, and now at work
Happiest ive been in a minute!
:
oh wait nevermind u got a sleepovr to attend :/
Lots of black bears in the news lately.
What gives?
thank you!
Keep doing great work in the world!
So awesome!
Yes, HH soon!
It's been too long!
While waiting for the indicated enjoys the wrong lo truel
Up early to go serve  teach a precious group.
Reflecting on how walking in our gifting touches a spot in our souls nothing else does.
really scraping the bottom of the barrel on your starting pitching jokes now.
hey : any chance of a follow back?
Please :D
: I can't promise to fix all your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.
I Can Truly Say That I Am A Fighter.
How many of you participated in Small Business Saturday this past weekend?
Don't stop there!
26 more days until Christmas!
Tigers sign Prince Fielder to a whopping 214 mil contract.
According to Forbes, the Tigers org is worth 385 mil.
thank you sir!
Thank you for your support and for joining us at Masterspov this year!
Love your tweets!
She complaining about twitter so I'm going to tweet randomly now
Was point in evolutionary history where lang was only gesture.
Would not call thosehumans dysfunctional.
Too bad breezy can't perform his better songs....
Good performance tho!
Oh so you took a picture licking your best friend's face?
You must be so close
The cardiologists diet: If it tastes good, spit it out.
seeing a cadbury egg commercial means spring is close.
bring it!
And for the record: I do.
lol I had no idea that was my form when I was running
yes like a mad man haha...miss u!!!
Director Claudia Mueller of CVL: Listen to your staff.
They might know something that you don't.
I'm offended by your use of the term vajayjay
shes crazy!!!!
blamed me for everything and she said that I jumped that girl.
Wtf.
I have to quit vball and gymnastics
Sorry for PARTY ROCKIN'!!!!!!
I really enjoyed when I was younger and the would play music while repeating the weather maps ;
Bwahaha!
RT: twitter is odd name 4 place w bunch of hot girls who flirt but will never sleep w u.
Would called it high school.
Making some laundoctor soap this morning!
Ever try handmade laundoctor soap?
It's awesome....you only need 1 tablespoon/load  NO fabric softener!
I like my bridge better.
What is with CeeLo and his cat?!
Quote of the day: I think its rare that any of our painted surfaces have been destroyed or damaged as a result of post it notes.
Host nation players can content at the 2012 Maybank Malaysian Open Championship, says Siva Chandhran The growing number of golf tournamen
you and your tacos.
shakes head
GOAL!
Vincent Pontrello with the empty netter to seal the deal for Delaware.
when you use a construction involving years ago and QVC we who went to college before you could shop via cable die a little.
congrats man!!
My pleasure Chris.
Blessings to you  yours as well.
:
I know it's not even 9am, but a sounds good right about now....
We cause our own shortfalls.
We must take ownership for our mistakes.
Only then can we correct them.
STOP STALKING ME !
In Arizona, we prefer to be called DAMN WHITE TRASH.
We have mountains, not hills.
And we perfected white trash.
Show some respect!
HEY there!
If you are trying to clean your doctormheads, try half and half.
We don't have an oil recommendation for heads.
shut up...I can't fight with senior citizens
Oh, we're really going now...
:D
Relaxed today

in the lineup.
Says vision is perfect w/ eye surgery  saw the potential in the young squad; Kotch: 2 errors in '11 vs CLE 1b: 12 e.
out of the teams left who you think wins it all?
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Knee surgery yesterday  such fun!
Another month of recovery.
Doc apparently doesn't understand how much I rely on my knees...
Wah!
Come to Miami right now so we can go to Art Basel together :p
not sure where it came from..but it is a group of 2nd graders who made a vid about making good/constructive blog comments
RT RT : mlamobiletech I put patient Ed in progress notes for pt Ed in EPiC ehr

Do you want chocolate?
No thanks, I do not.
Chocolate Oh merciful God forgive her, do not know what does this little creature.
With my cousin!
love u sandoctor!
3
Tickets to Friday nights Rays game coming up at 6:10!!!
They accept responsibility and dont sidestep it, but we gets the credit
Just got off the phone wit after she been Tryna talk to me for two days Hahahaha
whatever you deem appropriate for such a momentous occasion.
Lol oomf tweets the dumbest stuff I swear!
forgetting Maggie :'
Dude, life kinda sucks lately.
What's that about?
Original iPad.
But still own and occasionally use a PowerBook G4.
Dear unfollowers, go plank on the highway :D 3 xoxo
now im really jealous!!!
Appreciate the kind words!
We'll pass along your request.
Andoctorid is on our radar for sure.
It's just you and me
If this morning you didn't do right by doing your cardio...
get on the treadmill fast right now with a very loud heighho!
The worst thing in the world is seeing your mom cry.
You know it.
Power hour with espresso shots?
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
I can't be no hood itch with no occupation!
Let's go Wisconsin and Marquette!
Minus Helen Molesworth from that comment.
Ok,Playboy alute!
RT : Should I be concerned that everyone on this call sheet has a stunt double except for me?
When wants your phone...you end up with half your pictures being her
I'm doctornk time to get in some pussy don't hate I'm only human
Nah nah nah, let's keep KRY belting out the baby making tunes.
If it ain't broke...
I said if hit 1200 followers last night would give an autograph away but didn't hit that mark.
but what the hell let's still give it away
that sounds like a good idea, but that's too tiring though lol.
When cheese gets its picture taken, what does it say?
Hm, you should probably stay a few extra days so you can get just the right return flight!
Very true.
This coffee tastes like toffee,.
Another one in the books.
Spurs over Kings.
Still chasing that 1 spot in the west.
GoSpursGo!!!
Hamburg middle schoolers ruin highland....
End of story
Ladies: imagine a man who's rich, handsome, listens well and loves you for who you are.
Now keep imagining him, because he's only imaginary.
stabbing at Portland's Day Labor center on MLK.
One person hurt.
How it happened  any arrests  KOIN TV at 4pm
Just spent an extensive amount of time on Pinterest when I should be working on my paper.
Hearing her voice is the highlight of my day!
In the matter of two years imma
Our Black Friday sale has now ended.
Thanks to all the customers who came out and enjoyed the sale.
Happy Holidays!
thanks!
That 'dirty girl' was not the nicest thing...but a cool song I'd like to think :
Thanks.
Glad you're connected directly with Good conversation to come I'm sure.
my professorle picture makes me look like i'm trying so hard.
Is it just me or do the stars seem bigger and brighter in Texas?!?
Georgia sky not cuttin' it.
Show starts at 10!
And I did not get the PM but I'm totally down to clown.
Always and forever.
Listenin 2 Pink Floyd  Money  watching Wiz of OZ, the munchkins are hilarious starts  free seating, indoors!
Lol : WelcomeToAugusta where more niqqa thinking they are rappers or wanna b rappers then tryna make something of themselves
Winter apparel now 30 off Sacred Circle!!
wool hats, mittens, handwarmers and mukluks all on sale!!
At the ICSC NEIDEX we are available to meet.
Playing angry birds with the boys on the ipad, I'm more into it than they are
Watch the movie Hook when you can.
OMG I HAVE THT SAME PROBLEM an i have a pic of him im gona send with it and i was wondering if he would sign it idk what toDO
Great weekend of Hoops action here in
Very Cool.
Got our app into this past weekend.
Here is our concept What is yours?
Thanks to for the support you have shown to doctor Riba's Health Club over the years!!
The city is better for the starchitect phenomenon because it enhanced the mystique of New Yorks residential housing market.
Are you okay?
:
Cash Out my nigga
Morning, why am I up
see you at spring training!!!
:
it would mean the world 2 me if u follow me back i love you jb 3
That's true  that new job takes up a lot of time!
RT : Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
KFC potatoe wedges always hit the spot
Thanks so much for sharing and we're glad you found our new commercial inspirational.
iReallyHateWhenPeople Shave their beards for job interviews!
I dunno :o I just heard that its coming out in november :o
yeah dude.
DEFINITELY learned a lot from that lol
are you going as Ziggy Stardust?
Good Morning Have a Good Day :
yeah...but one of the best people I have come to know!
:
HB1169 school discipline being heard now
Looks like I'm 17 now:3
missing all of you guys:

No problem.
See you then!
Big Ups to for recording with the Perkins School today.
That's my alma mater!
i can't wait to watch the lakers get swept :
now that we've mastered microsofttags....time to attempt
So awkward when your extremely early to a class..
Ten minutes into the first arapgov12 Twitter chat!
Hunger Games tickets now on sale.
See your local theaters!!
when famous people get attacked, generates bad press for pitbulls.
Can you help protect her dogs from unleashed dog?
Everyone!
Go follow They are so awesome dudes and have amazing music!
Go check them out!
Right  we planned it that way, since he was out of office.
:
it is the law to love me
on my facebook account....haha
you cool bro lol
cookin up beats in the recording studio, cookin up visuals in the editing suite
nowplaying World at large by Modest Mouse Modest Mouse you really know how to calm a guy down
I had to cancel my first show ever, but no worries, Ruben Uriarte who was to be on last Mon will come on The Outlander Feb 27th!
Welp after tonight I will be twitterless till this Saturday, see you all then!
At Univ.
Of North FL in Jax for FL Distance Learning Consortium meeting.
I'm sure we'll talk about new State Regulations...
Thanks for the RT!
Thought that was a pretty interesting SEO post.
hope you go to the Packers!!!!
Good luck!!
The time has come!
spring training here I am!
literally cannot believe i just bough Glade You Came by on US iTunes...i am legit speechless..so damn happy
RT Where the hell is Katie Feeny to moderate when you need her?
RT : Brett Favre has thrown his hat into the ring to replace Cutler.
The hat was immediately intercepted and returned for a TD.
An educational framework for helping others achieve selfactualization.
Congrats on the Ohio state win.
No gators to face.
They have a shot at a title.
Cracked Pepper Crispbread with goat cheese?
YUM.
Great to see you guys at the Fancy Food Show!
// thanks for the follow!
Wow I work with a bunch of adult cry baby's
Thanks!
I want to join the beaujolais day coming up
things i've learned at lssc12 so far: I WILL cry at baseball videos in public  value  why/how.
Learning: the new currency.
RT : Lots of fabulous moms at the doctorommy Twitter party tonight!
Shes introducing her expert panel.
Come see...
RT : Lots of great tips about writing/presenting conferences papers if you look up the acwri tag BTW!
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
Can't wait for June 19th :
Lost Dog Name Not Given  500 Reward Name Not Given the Labrador Retriever is lost in Markesan, WI.
oops sowwy.
I had no idea that you had an imdb page.
THAS what if found.
Just got Ron Clark's new book The end of Molasses Classes  thanks Ron and team  it's a must read for parents and teachers.
I wish someone would randomly donate like a million dollars to the Nicole Thompson Needs Money Foundation...it would be greatly appreciated
Thanks to i got some ChickFilA
Sweet doctorams to you!
No fun when the phone's die :
50 off details end tomorrow.
Make sure to buy your details now for next year before 2012 price increase.
No limit on advance purchases.
Ouch.
Gov.
Perry could not remember the 3rd federal agency he would eliminate if president, even after given a 2nd chance to recollect.

Thanks for the follow.
I see you recently visited Franklin.
What a wonderful treasure it is.
Microsoft's search engine Bing means virus or disease in Chinese.So it is called Bi ying which means responds without fail.
You make my speakers go boom.
boom.
..the State of Maryland needs a copy editor.// Gotta say I'm missing it too.
Maybe it's too obvious??
have a little.
Let me know if I can help.
I'm so so so close.
I will do it.
that's bugged out!
They better give you that day off since you paid for it
where we going this weekend
Hey Steve!
You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!!
Goal to bury 200 missing soldiers every year
haha, alright well i'll wait until it knows how to potty the proper way
no you didn't.
Thinking about attending LearningSolutions?
Your friends can get you a discount or even for FREE!
Ask us how.
Wait, what?
lol, im lost here...
Sad day, sad night, two wrongs, don't make a right .....
ck Bite Me Gourmet Sausage FB page for my 
lol so me an jay jay just tweeted the same shit
RT : One Beautiful Delta Awww...Thank U Sweetie;
follow back
el mensaje de sms o de fb?
I dnt know how safe it is today to fully give ur heart to someone you trully car about
Thank you Tessa!
The more feedback I can get, the better I can plan this project.
I want Shanedawsontv shirts.lol.gonna go skate lol made a new video gonna be up in comedycarlos in about an hour or two
Hi!
For me, the magic hour is 11:11pm.
Magical things happen, wishes are granted...
I can't believe that you are using a Velvia border on Instagram.
The shame and horror!
;
the ones that matter will appreciate the wait.
and finally, someone does.
:
I admit I can be a real asshole sometimes aha...
Oh well.
:
solid stuff from and on Castle tonight.
Representing and the
im doin good ; thanks 4 askin where u from?
i wish i was touring am with amanda instead of sitting at school :c
I met Adam Richman at his book signing.
Even more charming in person!
// they could have several sponsored hot spots.
Biggest complaint  games is slow Internet, just think it could enhance going.
unlock your door at 5!!
Gettin my doctorms
i might call or text you later if thats okay.
Thx for the follow.
Love you.21
Had fun at Childoctorn's Museum...Now study time!!
What car should I buy?
Egypt shows that risk is alive and well
TOMORROW.
Im going to hug as many people as possible...
not to be confused with GoDaddy dot com
already thinking bout this weekendd
MT Join DOGTV for Wine Pub Yappy Hour for Chihuahua Rescue, 2907 Shelter Island 57pm.
Bring your furry friends for food  wine!
Ready to get off of work.
I just want to go to sleep!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
New Svr Thunderstorm Warning issued for parts of Sherburne, Stearns and Wright Counties until 5:15pm.
Just west of Annandale now.
always good to hear good things from good people.
Peace Dav hope to see you soon.
I'm not good at being there for people!
SMH I feel bad
did u make the team
your last tweet made my day
A Bob Marley story on 4/20?
Well played,
I typed Google search Measuring Team  Productivity  Efficiency ranked higher in the results than Happiness.
The only thing more Zen than baseball is reading tweets about baseball.
Last night I doctoramed that I watched a Madmen in which Megan fake cried and left Don.
I was so happy she was off the show.
Then I woke up.
bien, merci!
I had a call at work yesterday from a native French speaker and I was so sad I couldn't help himI only speak...
why love?
:o
I feel like crying so bad :,
doctorw something user names anyone?
Hahahaaa.
Yes it is.
:
Most people don't know who they are.
That's why they lie.
They're afraid someone else will figure it out before they do.
dont tell his lil ass nothin he gone get enough of playin wit me
must be nice lol can I have some:D
ppl ask me to do stuff wth them when i go out of town!!!!
EXCITED for tonight's game!
THRILLED with the trade!
Shitty way to lose that game
Did you return the favor???
You are welcome, Jessica!
I had mexican yesterday for dinner, it was tilapia with aztec spices, grilled gourd veggies, and aztec rice!
Yum!
RT if you love shoes!
What's your favorite brand?
ABQ Uptown Growers Market, Sat 712, Mention you saw me on FB or Twitter and get a special discount!
Anybody who has any doubt about the ingenuity or the resourcefulness of a plumber never got a bill from one.
George Mean
I didn't tell her directly she just put two and two together!
Just sold 6 dozen to the boys at Hyundai that sold my roomie a 2011 Elantra!
The world kept spinning.
You're long forgotten and now you're living in the back of my heart
I think MTV is now broadcasting its programs in Instagram.
you know what we like....CULO!
Maybe I need a Jimi thing is what I'm looking for ;
No, im startin that next RT : yo have you started on that jazz event?
I've got my new book The Sentinel to the beginning of act three.
The team at is partnering with a big name in MKE for our exclusive happyhour for youngprofessorssionals!
that's because you are all powerful!
OH from : I don't read, I glean.
Game day!
I'm a big fan of Kickoff.
It's the evolution of futbol from the 1800's through the 1960's.
Brilliant UI
Welcome to Baltimore, Kevin.
Looking forward to a great year!
V For Veg: Vegan dines coast to coast, but says Philly39;s the best
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles The Notebook
5/14/1789J.
Jones: It affords me satisfaction to find my friends have done justice to the motives which again brought me into Public Life
Don't need to wait.
I get there all too often unfortunately.
yeah not both of them :3
SPURS SPURS SPURS SPURS
.
Yea buddy!
as he tweets from his andoctorid ;D
anything anytime for a Browns of your calibre!
ah  well, you do have to hand it to Seth, it was a great...
err..
mistake.
: Nappy Roots have turned into one of my favorites..nobody knows about them!
spending too much time with Wehmer i see
The death penalty has failed to eradicate homosexuality from Iran but it was successful to force queer people into the closets.
Car battery died...
I left the lights on all day.
Oops.
Luckly, mister Jenkins, my band teacher, gave me a jump.
Thanks mister J!
One day your gonna see my face all over things...
, movies , mag's ,
So many pictures of people at dances!
Prom and 6th grade dance?
Dang this town was busy tonight!
maybe I missed it, but didn't see audiobooks addoctorssed in update...
3:45pm and my 3:30pm hasnt showed up yet.
I even talked to him at 3 and he said nothing about being late.
RT So the Coming Home video appears to be gone off YouTube.
Lame.
Somebody link that back up!
Thrilled!
RT I've signed w/ at Penguin's Current imprint for a book about the search for Earthlike exoplanets.
i see you pulling out in front of oncoming traffic.
Ha ha smh to bad I cant retweet lol
Thank you so much for the recommendation!
, let us know how we can help you!
...but they are very few  far between.
would love to!
Let me hop on my jet.
:
Boring day at the shop!
Someone come entertain me!
Good luck and blessings to you today on your 24HourRun for llsusa Thanks for making a difference!
Venti Iced Chai Tea Latte with soy milk
you need an invite?
DM me yr email.
Aw yeah Game of Thrones tonight, and I get to watch it in peace, then read Hunger Games 'til I fall asleep into doctoramville Psyched!
Keep a check on a pregnant dogs temperature  She is near to giving birth within 24 hours when her temperature doctorps below 100F
Ya :D
the moon group???
Hey Boy!
heard you are getting married!
Sweet....
Thanks for the follow.....Stay in touch.....JOP
I say good grief charlie brown too many times a day.
I appreciate the people who can actually put up with me without judging me.
I
1.
Seriously impressive.
I can throw this money cuz i know imma get it back.
abundance
What?!?!
Can't believe it ;
I wanna find a chick thats freaky as hell.
Nasty and aggressive one of my fantasies
Here we go Blackhawks, game 1
We love you too!
C:
Off to bed early.
Half day of school tomorrow so i get out at 10am baby then at 2pm getting BRACES OFF
I think so!
Been here 30 days.
RT : Would that be in woodinville?
RT : frank ocean and madeon were the best yesterday.
Swedish house mafia had an awesome stage setup
I want to go buy my Armani watch right this second!
Ugh!
it's ok.
8 o'clock classes fuccin SUCK
I miss yu so much even tho yu weren't prefect at all :/
its not even a protein skake, a peice of Pizza?!
S/O one of my new followers!
We ALL are.
That's why we're on here.
Lol
very true
I'm out of minutes on my phone so I have to go to town and buy more.
You don't have substitute teachers.
Read mockingjay for a bit.now feeling really tired.
its great what you do with the USO.
Keep up the great work!
Alot of girls fall in love with the wrong guys, simply because the wrong guys say the right thing.
5090 off local area Denver businesses ThatsWhatIWant has you covered!
we out here you know.
in social studies.
You?
If we ran into these situations, we chose the variation that appeared to be most commonly presented
gonna watch dazed and confused, such and awesome movie
YOU STOP THAT STACY.
WHAT THE ACTUAL EFF YOU CAN'T SAY THOSE THINGS OMF.
As for me, I'd have said the right thing, but I must have used the wrong line.
Sweet NOLA gives us extraordinary people.
no horsing around today  snowed in
aw thanx for the RT.
i love you!
3 tests down, two to go!
I love it too!
See you this weekend for the photoshoot!
: doing wonderfully well.
Glad to see you!
Final score for somet12 vote Round 1: 2,023 MKE  752 Lehigh Valley!
Thanks to and for getting the word out!
lol why not?
hey thanks JM...
I think I might us this.
Looks nice!
like a tadpole in a puddle...
Every increased possession loads us with a new weariness.
John Ruskin
ill set my alarm /:
will do.
Is your number still the same?
meeting at dc's here soon but there is some weird wedding party thing in here so we might move
idk I guess u just seem like a good person
as the developer, i recommend it!
also, feel free to make suggestions here...
I try and respond to all tweets
oh wow...that's soon!
Big boy!
did u see I met astronaut s
In case you missed the restocking news: The New American Haggadah is back in stock, and it's beautiful!
I am going to regret not being able too sleep past 6......
Tired of hearing about your name it's annoying as shit.
I wish i never have met you sometimes!
love seeing the Irish go down to navy.
Never gets old.
Bunny Breakfast Sat Mar 20 10 am.
Get your picture taken with the Nestle Bunny.
Style show by Old Navy.
Easter egg too!
Crafts  more.
no U2?
or that song from the Departed?
Whys my room so hot?
Maybe.
That's a particularly hazardous area to make predictions, IMO.
We're Never Gonna Be As Young As We Are Tonight.
I follow people.
All the feeds I see have external links.
I wanna see what goes on in peoples noodles
made plans, catching up with a friend noonish, and want to say hi to the birthday boy afterwards.
Perhaps I can squeeze her in?
Mmmyep.
The look and functionality seem identical.
Just realized I have FOUR kinds of butter in my home: regular, Amish, Irish, organic grassfed.
The last is for kouign annan!
I woke up late!
Getting ready to fly to North Carolina
Crap no I missed it!
I won the game, does that make me a terrible daughter lol
A Ray Charles Tribute in 2 more weeks!
Keep watching Twitter for a chance to win a pair of tickets to the August 21 performance.
yay the giants win!
i won the final pool.
its my lucky year.
i need to play the lotto!
Let me get ur ?
then ill text u nd tell u:
I NEED FAST FOOD
what are you up to tonight?
Happy Friday, friends!
Gotta hedge.
I just tried to add vests to your list...is sweaters or cardigansweaters okay?
;
How does Ben Bernanke avoid insider trading charges?
nana D in this bitch....
Thunder Roll, Beat the Heat.
Bigs came to play
Who will we be seeing at the show tonight in CHICAGO?!
:
CU 2misterW.
Will I see you tonight?
GGHH tonight!
's!
JC will be at the Coral Gables location
youknowyourehighwhen there are no lazy Mexicans in Ohio
: Excited for this weekend!!
: why would this be?
Hm?
:
RIP Jim Marshall  I will turn up the gain on my stack tonight as my Les Paul gently weeps ...
IT DOESN'T MATTER COS I'M DONE WITH CORE FOR THE WHOLE YEAR.
what happened
Just pulled over on I51 looking for my disc..
hard up Smh
I dont give any reason 4 anyone 2 hate me they create their own little doctorma out of jealousy ..
shit gets old
17.
Opportunities await SMEs in Kazakhstan
beautiful pic!
My favorite part is Norman underneath the coffee table :
Charles Haine seems 2 really have an eye for directing and cinemetography!!
:
Looking forward to it.
Any specials tonight?
yup, it's great, I'm going to look for the rest of that show later and watch
Looking forward to being on The Sound of Ideas at 9 a.m.
Wednesday on 90.3FM
it's in empty bottles.
its hot in my house.
My summer starts now, fishing this morning :
I look at all my exes  scratch the shit outta my head..
Fuck was I smoking??
the shame
Why hire a film composer when you can just get your friend's band to do the music?
Just landed at LAX and got caught up on Torchwood en route.
Wow.
Bravo, , Russell T, and crew.
So freakin' impressed.
no problem dude!:
And predictably now the Fox News Channel says the president has now declared a War on Marriage...
You are welcome!
Mark your calendar for last Tuesday of each month for cstweetup w/ Taa Dixon
ugh, that is not what I meant and you know it.
Friends/colleagues who've worked casting or at an agency: an actor submits a packet w/ a thumb doctorve of their material.
Kosher or no?
LOL Yes :D Let us know the rest of the match card!
Were already on December 1st WOW!!...
the time passes quickly...
HEHEHE
Thanks for RT
Buzz Lightyear and Cowboy Woody would LOVE for you to do a twitcam.
Don't act like you don't see this tweet, mister !!
;
OMGOMGOMGOMG IS GOING TO BE ON JIMMY KIMMEL TONIGHT.
I AM SO EXCITED OMG FLIPPING.
Dammit this live stream is killing me and making me feel alive at the same time !3
Working the desk at this morning  come visit me and take the 9:30 class with Robert.
You won't regret it!
Just please shut the fuck up.
When did you get that job?
Good for you.
Don't be a hater
What do you think you can do to improve your hitting at the plate?
All hell naw somebody need to change that lol!!
PICKLE RT : It's a might bit windy today.
How's a WINDY CITY Chicaago Dog sound for lunch?
What makes a great Chicaago Dog anyway?
I Came up there after the fact.
I had already bought the Nissan Maxima the day b4.
I was looking to buy another truck.
you are not old...you are fabulous!!
Why the hell are there birds chirping right now?
Its 4am no sun...wtf?
sucks that there's no service in Lucas so we could actually could know about this!!!
Parking ticket 2 minutes after the meter ran out...
new record
The first 11 hours are easy.
It's the last 60 minutes that are a killer.
I wish I could pull off a Medusa piercing..
thanks for the RT of our partners !
Hope to C U there in October
how's everyone doing today?
Pain is weakness leaving your body....
Our will be featured at the MTVMovieAwards celebration this weekend!
Visit our website at Txttlktees.com
makes everything feel better.
I love her voice.
:
ChristianBale is really hot...when he's not going ham on somebody.
If life was as easy as unfriend and unfollow buttons!
Great to see my husband teaching my son about pruning.
Real world skills not to mention the benefits of physical work!
Patron wanted info about the Adult Summer Reading game...a great program.
ikr its so sad an nasty toi
Me either...
its all thanks to 's twitteraddiction!
I hate wen ppl say oh soso is so hot and post a link and it's porn.no that's not funny it's weird.i don't need my mom think I look at that.
What's up with that?!
Maybe he didnt live there long enough to pick up the accent
No.
We knew he was a radical but there is no leader that has the guts to state the truth!
Please lead us without fear!
Wow...
What the hell...
Up by atleast 15 almost the whole game and we loose...
M mm mm
hi I'm a singer/songwriter...My moms friend is Joe case and he showed me your band I just wanted to say you guys are amazing:
Oh, and I've got an extra T2 ticket if you need it.
I get the frustration RE: politics.
Still unclear how Obama supporting my right to get married hurts you.
Explain?
i am truly in need of a new computer  it's seriously taking me five hours of what i could've done in two, if not faster.
i hate this.
Two words  cooties.
Wondering how keeps a straight face sometimes
: how are you today?
Have you seen the Environmental Risk Summary report from ERS?
It's a new tool to find out if there any potential environmental hazards
yes it seems to go by so fast.
I hope Isaiah grows to be that big...
With PG vision.
Ha!
dakjshafkjdhgsjlsdgsadgj I forgot about the award show this weekend.
Thanks for reminding me people on my TL 
I am the bastard son of Dolph Lundgren
I take it you are a fan of Bob Marley.
Yes, gotta love the guy, a true legend of reggae and of music, period!
Thank you so much guys.
I feel honored and more encouraged.
Brussels recommendations?
I challenge you to a doctorw Something duel: budgetfabulous.
GREAT WEEKEND !
AND another BEAUTIFUL day in BALTIMORE !!!MISS TWIST WILL be OUT AND ABOUT ON ROUTE !!!!
See use soon !
Q: Is there a crab version of BLAST 1?
A: Im working on one.
Here's the beginning: LONG LIVE THE GORTEX!
SrslyIm on the board.
Awesome tango!
it's from 8:3012 MTh in Rockrimmon 125 for the week and her classes are tiny!
She's a great teacher
Catching up on
Food Fact of the Day: May 16, 1866 Charles Elmer Hires invents root beer.
Just need to doctorp a hosting account, but keep the domain name.
I didn't see how to complete this online.
ready for album No.
8 babe!
;
My manager is a grade A HARLOT for making me work my birthday and the day before...I will definitely be sleeping friday, saturday and sunday
I used to be aUsedTo But i never got used to being what i used !!!
To my knowledge.
I do not assume responsibility for anything consumed between 1995 and 2005, before I started actually reading labels :
Great hint Richard, lat/lons are just centers of circular areas cards will be located in.
anywhere within circle is fair game
Will be seeing the Sherlock Holmes movie later today
four too many Erin ;
very nice
I have to remember to only vent with a selected few.
Cuz some folks think the have the solution to every problem
I apoligize.
He is gay
lol that's why you should have your own.
Can't count the next persons pockets
Why this old ass man trying to tell me what a clutch is like to go sit down
Alot of people race, but not alot of athletes do what you do or have a story like yours.
Humbleanddowntoearth.
Goodnight
G'morn to y'all?
Rdy 2 have a great day?
How will you help yourself?
How will you help others?
Now DO IT!
GOAL!
DEVILS
5 sections of intro  group activity  100 books that need reshelving.
Thank goodness for minions.
Time to get it STARTED  COLONY RIGHT NOW!!!
WEE IN YOUR AREA TONIGHT BEAUTIFUL!
Non stop working for the next 4 days..
Being a senior at my school is
now that's a fire!
Roll charlie over...
Working on the InfoCamp Starter Kit and a couple other infocampy tasks tonight.
And thinking about chicken coops  bike racks.
But big ups to some bolt bus eyeglass repair kit macgyvering?
right.
No one likes that guy and yet there's one in every class.
In the past week, I've seen not one, but two UNIX related custom license plates!
Nerds.
that line still cracks me up....:
Struggling to get out of bed to go to school when I actually don't have to.
:/ my bed feels so darn good!
I, sir, am intrigued
everytime I look at her I fix my hair lol!....let me stop!
Being without Internet effin blows...
This is going to be one of the longest months of my life.
Tears Of Joy, I Love Mark 4/1/12
Voted for RNG 269106472901 times.
Yep
When I saw you kiss that girl, my heart doctorpped.
...Cuz u'll say you love me, and I'll end up Lyin sayin I love u too
Mayday!
What the heck is that?
May Day?
Why, that's the Russian New Year!
We can have a parade and serve hot hors d'oeuvres...
Some people have even advocated the introduction of the irony mark to indicate that a phase isn't meant to be taken at face value.
abt to watch friday, 
I need some serious plans for tomorrow...
Please
aSpread your robe over your handmaid,a for you are a redeeming kinsman.
10He exclaimed, Be blessed of the LORD, daughter!
Torah 63
And I just realized I never responded to your request.
I'm truly sorry  will answer you today!
headdesk
I'm gonna tell him all this btw haha.
How do you know all these rugby players btw ?
Thanks for the follow Adoctornaline Kick!
:
sigh  can't even give away free stuff any more.
Sounds like fun!
Glad you had a great weekend, Ben.
:
Oh!
I didn't know it was specifically about Renaldo and Clara!
What do you like about the topic?
And what makes you angry?
Comparing William Morris' treatment of architectural, literary, and aesthetic fragments.
Feeling so much nostalgia for England!
wow yesterday episode was so crazy lol
I lowkey have a new crush lol :
I love the airport!.
Lebron James win
being told it's not the iPad 3.
It's the iPad HD.
The third iPad to be released...so sort of the iPad 3...
congrats on the Hattie!
i dont think it's something i could charge forwhat do you think?
I hate the celtics
...You should wear that bouncer...jumper...what is it?
A bungalow?
I wanna dive into a lemonade/iced tea coolata right now
love it here.
Pdx, seatlle, palms.take care of me
Learn how to get 20 minutes of free acting coaching with me.
www.actorsintensive.com or / Call 3236206951
got to see me in my American apparel briefs ; hahahah
Pulling SSD IOPS through a dualcontroller SAN is like eating a steak with a straw.
ScaleOut with HP LeftHand P4900
Who has 2 thumbs and has a icee, dis girl!!!
Now that was some rolling thunder.
Imma have to start watching your ass because I really can't have you just coughin' out.
Wow!
Game changer for evolutionary theory?
and are down with the bitches and hoes
Yeah, can you believe they April Fools'ed me a year later?
Thanks so much!
I love him..
we going thru alot right now, but atleast he still by my side and hasnt left..
im so thankful for him to be in my life :'
Thanks Eve!
Xoxo
says: in clinical trials casual games outperform Rx doctorgs for anxiety and depression.
WOW.
you would sure be welcomed to ball in Cleveland if you moved on brother
Perhaps similes are false pregnancies, Armantrout,
He'll probably be there too.
We'll each share verses.
You're more than welcome to join.
You make me go afsgfkgfl.
William Arthur Ward: If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can doctoram it, you can become it.
Got the LV on like a Runnin' Rebel
Not sure what scares me more, you talking about choking people out or screaming at Muscle Orchestra at that press conference
Ugh.
There I said it.
Animal House: The Musical will feature an original score by multiplatinum band 
I'm serious!!!
see you this weekend:
: I taste hairspray : : that's me haha!
coolmorningquotes hilarious!!
Pop Deluxe/Gallery Night May 6: Live Music, Art and In Store Sale!
About to eat my own body weight in wings....
Life is like a ten speed bike.
Most of us have gears we never use.
Charles Schultz
Thank you!
likes too.
Come see us again soon.
I bit you will never follow me
denverleadership  why Denver...Denver unusual civic collaboration
RT : erl12 is anyone interested in seeing the bats under the bridge after sessions today?
Sign up at reg.
Desk.
RIP Donna summer :/ my dad would sing her songs and hum them to me ..
I got somethin for you to hear son lol
Daily GTKY question: Whats the 1 most played song on your iPod?
Imma go have some BBQ ribs tonite for dinner for my moms friend partayy
Sorry I'm late design gang.
Just got in the door.
iPad session for faculty today.
The group represented Emory College, Med  Grad School, Theology and Library  all brought their own iPads!
LMAO where did you see me?
planning on it!
hope to see you there  have some together finally !
Dannon head butt commercial
Where are all the pics?
Sounds like you need to put someone on instagram duty!
As a startup founder I feel like I'm always on the verge of being broke or fabulously rich.
2011.08.03 Brewers 10 Cardinals 5  Casey homers thrice / Erupts for five RBIs / must be stealing signs...
I miss Wilhemina Slater...
Thank God for Netflix...
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world  Proverb
what would you say was your big break in the biz?
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go Oscar Wilde
did justin bieber followed you?
thanks babe
Princess, you know you cannot go out without security.
Partly for everyone elses safety around you.
Folks can get nutty.
Glad I could help contribute Jay.
:
anyone else's leftover jambalaya taste like victory?
ours does
Bradshaw created nice UI to help manage this complex structure and support navigation through the data.
HELL YEAH!!
dude nice do!!!
Come back to soon we miss you!
no problem.
My pleasure :
that's deep buddy.
I was offered free box tix to Mets openingday and i turned them down.
May or may not have just acquired super cheap Barry Manilow tickets....
Don't judge :
Univ.
of Georgia's Watson wins the Masters!!
Lemme call my wife right quick
We are indeed.
You work with downtown partnership?
Yay!/Wha??
My unborn baby likes Spirit Caravan.
It's in review to apple as I write this.
Fingers crossed end of the day.
8:35 and I've gone through the first half of my work list , boo ya!
they had this game in the first half no way of the MileHighMagic happening!
Still proud of Broncos :
wait, you already read the first book, right?
If so, yes PROCEED with CatchingFire, which is the second one.
Yay!
It's so good.
haircut reactions: dismay, bewilderment, disbelief.
had to reassure barista at starbucks that, yes, my hair will grow back.
They call us problem child We live our lives on trial We walk an endless mile We are the YOUTH GONE WILD Skidoctorw
reviewed Redshift in Ubuntu:  Very recommended
We should have a Fulbright scrapbook session together!
I need to make mine.
yeah, going to brazil is do normal to me, sometimes I wish I could just skip a year .
lol but I miss my family over there
Oh Fuck no my baby aint gonna date some older girl Ima spank his little ass hahah jk
rolling and rocking!
Looking for something to do?
Check out Episode 6 of the podcast at www.3rdstringsports.com colts nfl fantasyfootball.
Ep.
7 up soon!
Nearly talked self into Texans.
But going Ravens 2017  maybe because I'm rooting for Tebow vs.
Suggs.
Your gettin smarter
yeah ya boi got serious he ate that Gatorade Strip
leave.
Me.
Alone.
It was actually a general statement, don't flatter yourself.
Wake up and do it
impossible to be hung over at 10:30 the following evening
love you
im most likely performing saturday night!
Hopefully
fair enough.
Lol.
I hate those morons shaping the nations opinion of BBN, but it is what it is.
Collar bone area?
My niece just askd me how do u tell somebody u love them?
wtf?!
Sorry hunny im only 14...
CELINA GARCIA Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Othr stations doing it right w/ severity of storms RT they have breaking in every few mins and doing split screens
dude just combined that beans n tomato mix with eggs n cheese.
so tasty!
I'm tired of ppl thinking just because I have anger probs that I get mad at everything...
im tha same way...clicker questions wack n he just reads random slides
A2 Create a workable, efficient station for the BBQ pit.
Equipment, easy access to necessities.
cant thank you enough!
I needed this!
This will complete my paper
does pNFS become a preferred access method for flash
How about that awesome sweet tea vodka special?
4.50.
Yeah
RT if you love shoes!
What's your favorite brand?
a lot of 1st 48 is filmed in Dallas, I managed apartments, had a murder and I was told by residents they were there filming.
I think Ceelo just auditioned for the Las Vegas production of Hairspray on
That's very generous of you, Paul.
Thanks!
The new album alltheway has been pushed back to late august/ September.....what's going on!!!!
Baby bro is only for months.
he is like the only thing i luv more than Justin doctorw Bieber
Wow, 335 followers!
Thanks everyone!
We love it!
We are hoping to get up to 500 by the end of the weekend.
Help us by retweeting!!
:
I am looking into tech for film, i.e.
video cam, equipment, editing and/or software any recommendations?
I want the best!
Had a doctoram that me and had a full conversation on here.
That would be great.
I would go if I could.
your last four tweets could be our life.

FOLLOW  WE FOLLOW BACK!
I need a fucking doctornk really bad, or some cigs
SO PROUD of you and the TEXANS.
Can't win turning the ball over like that, but you guys made me proud.
Happy Mother's day jo  God Bless you
Afternoon lovelies!
Another rainy day here.
I hope you're all well.
Crude oil back in the buy window.
If you are looking to make 20 in the next 5 6 yrs now is the time.
Hanging at Macoy's in Westport with my old best buds.
Can't wait to rock and see The Creature Comforts tonight!
New Tapa at Charro: Chorizo Stuffed Dates: wrapped in house bacon, tangy tomatoes
flash or inner?
That awkward moment when a small kid hits you without any reason in front of his mom and all you can do is smiling at that kid.
Looking forward to watching the Super Bowl in Mt.
Vernon with Debbie and Brett.
Can't wait to see which commercials will air!
I feel like i'm ugly :/
TGIF.
Time to go get it.
Performing tonight  Si Salsa in Bmore.
Then in Annapolis on Saturday.
Strking up a convo with a young girl who turned out to be 28 !
00
Working on The Wanderer took a ton of time.
Catching up now.
Just finished new 4th series.
Will check out those 5's next!
I miss only seen her for 10mins
It's Friday!
Where ya headed?
Happy Mother's Day to all my BBNFam Moms!
Hope all have a wonderful weekend!
If your Mother's r still living hope u will see them!
My favorite!
I have been waiting for that!
Just made my day!
Jim Gabbert interview was really great.
Grew up on KTZO/KOFY.
Exposed to a LOT of classic TV beacuse of JG.
Keep it comin'!
Going to pay for the amount of work I'm NOT doing today.
I fall a little farther everytime you look at me
Overdosed on normaling today
Enjoy 4.50 Great Lakes Distillery Cocktails Tonight at the Best Western on South Howell
Do.
Your.
Work.
Viewing party with at Kenton Station 5pm Sunday.
I want to be better
We're trippin in our hearts and its reckless and clumbsy, and i know you cant love me
Beat my miles time by 13 seconds!!!
welcome to America!
So glad you are here, can't wait to have you home in Phila.
I wish workplaces had snowdays...
I don't want to go to work tomorrow....
oh yeah, I know but I'm jelly at the bf who is the chef :
What about that Nets team that made the Finals that time?
you'll be able to!
we'll be getting there soon :
dog or burger?
The best words a real estate agent can hear when showing a property are We'll take it.
Daily GTKY question: Whats your favorite game?
This means any game, phone apps, Facebook, Xbox, board, whatever floats your boat.
it doesn't matter to me if your perfect or if jess i like u lots kelli you always make more happy and special then anyone i know
is africa saved through bracelet sales yet or what?
Excited about date night tonight.
Hanging out with other couples from our church.
Got our fuzzy navel wine coolers and I am ready!
no cover at Sports ALL SUMMER?
goodbye world.
Whatever makes you feel like a rock star.
It's not a party until someone opens a bag of Funyuns
it wont let me watch Austin live stupid ustream is playing up
My throat would get worse on the wedding day.
Sound awful.
Him and Gary Payton.
RT : Ray Allen always had the dopest custom jordans
plzzz follow back for me would mean a lott to me she's nice:
I guess ill just accept the party life style...
can not manage to get away from a party.
Vegas tomorrow
FF: If you have a single/mixtape/album out, Follow me I will follow back and Promote your music!
Tweetchats are exhausting.
It's like trying to have a conversation out a car window.
you can have my twitter name but no my number.
Fear has a smell, as Love does.
Margaret Atwood
sorry  we don't but keep checking  we always add new stuff.
i had to really pinch myself tho...the Lakers really got swept lol.
Employers are required to post notices to all employees of their rights under the laws EEOC enforces
finally put up a W in volleyball last night.
thank goodness!
looking forward to a fun weekend!
...
Cris Carter's admission about taking out protection bounties on opposting players who threatened him is violently irresponsible.
bay port sounds like a good new home for me:
old linkin park 
RT : Reds win, 65, to take the series.
Off day tomorrow, face the Cubs beginning Tuesday.
Looks like more rain .
.
.
time to hop on the treadmill again.
Roll up sum kush
RT : Great hockey weekend in Rochester, RIT game at BCA just 600 shy of a sellout.
PURGATORY AFTERHOURS CONTINUES THIS WEEK WITH SPECIAL GUEST DJ GENAFIRE IT WAS LIVE LAST WEEK!!
ASK SOMEONE!!
: Admit it...
I love making mix CDs:
Jurors in with Congress: Rupert Murdoch arrives at the Bhoja Air crash that hunger will mark the Obama
: I'm hoping the Mega Millions winner is a Muslim illegal immigrant in a hoodie who spends it all on contraception.
HILRIOUS
yes, he is.
and so is my boyfriend.
XP
Bullying puts EVERYONE in danger.
Look no further than Columbine.
there is a crepe place at the fashion square mall.
who knew?
I put it to you: the rare book trade is green.
Discuss.
Its a beginning..of a disaster.
nba fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales
God uses people other people don't count.
gay english project
lls im gonna save it forever ctfu
All I can do is doctoram!
i am such a huge fan!
you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol33333333 i hope you see this, i love you3!
HBK and H on Raw...Classic!
Happy bday Amy Jo!
I totally just witnessed a highspeed pursuit happen....a car going 80 thru red lights and about 15 cop cars behind him.
i love you...
How can someone go out of their way to say they hate or don't like something.
The same way I say I dislike the catholic and morman faith
I swear at least by tomorrow I will seriously be making a fan account for like you can't help but love this guy
OMG xmas avatars on !!!!
love
Thanks for the MT
Its redshoeday!
Ill be at friars and northside doctorve collecting donations for the Ronald McDonald House Charities!
he got them there
Especially the ones where they all die.
Those rule.
Need a hotel in Chicago Tonight?
Crowne Plaza Metro only 109 Call 8775516633 to book.
This BehindtheMusic for Biggie bouta be on point
Hoes talk shit to the lips lock jaw chrome to ya dome til ya lip lock jaws
go deep or go home hahaha
My eyes have been watering for 2 hours now
I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use?
Toothpicks?
I'll get it from her
Did we already lose all our guys?
ESPN says so.....I never heard that and I write about UK.
you are so lucky you don't live here!
Look what You've done for me.
Yayyyyyy!!!!!!
the crowd goes wild!
Having finished paint roller work in the craft room, I'm leaving GIJ to do the finesse work on corners.
Instead, I will unpack the kitchen.
itshardwhen somebody shoots you
Okay okay...
I'll trust this I guess RT : The Ravens are so damn smart.
way to be productive on a Sunday!!
Thanks for posting this.
Calling all sportsmen!
Check out ISE on the news for
can you just tweet when you send out the confirmation codes if you haven't already so we know if we arent able to go??
Thanks!
Signing up for twitter and CD Baby...editing web sites.
Just made my new twitter layout.
I have lots of custom layouts for sale.
message me if interested, paypal only.
Tell your friends!
Being single is a good feeling, no doctorma or heartaches.
On the other hand, it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
Getting ready to go be a Rockstar of Science at nsta thinking of inspirational things to say about being a scientist.
Help?

Idea for album  Keith Olbermann's greatest rants Platinum
This is not the way I wanted to end my Tuesday evening.
doctoraming of a better tomorrow...
follow back blood
The Freak set tomorrow at practice.
This is gonna hurt...baaadd.
Wonderful to finally meet you!
I will see you again in July.
Hitler just wanted a Klondike bar
Honestly, what are so many people doing flying to Phoenix?
Retweet to get a Redskins following!
Its a truly awesome program!
We started out small and its grown into the highlight of our summer programming.
Good luck!
feeling your program homie!
need to cop me some IZRI
TRAFFIC CLEARED : Jack Knifed semi  SB I39 near Stoughton Exit
2hrs of sleep yes!
I love when when..img tired woohoo 
I will I promise.
good night
Coming up on 30 years of marriage and Bill still sings Barry White's Never Ever Gonna Give You Up to me in the car.
LOL
sadly we had to doctorve back last night.
Hope you have a productive day at ira12 without us
my bracket is at 100 thanks to Marquette
Today, I found out my white American History teacher also plays streetball at Rucker Park.
MLINY
The difference between an ordinary business and an EXTRAordinary business is implementation.
Bill Glazer
thanks to everyone who ordered last week for our 100 donation week!
All I want is a gummy bear that's the size of a grizzly.
will you be making a video and singing with your guitar?
S/o to my man for bringing me that yingleng last night.
I hate when people I care about lie to me.
It's like doctorving a stake through my heart though!
Lol
This game is painful to watch.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Woody Allen.
I gave your ass the idea so win for me.
heyy.
FOLLOW BACK?
:D
Looking for African American male for let's stay together.
2135 years old.
Ballet, classically trained preferred.
Contact me.
Thanks!
:
But if you can bring these people down with comedy, they stand no chance
Alright...
ready to get into the whole twitter thing :
C DeLucia mentions a book titled Decolonizing Methodologies, says the best work on this stuff comes from Maori context
Reza a major NY institution would like to get an illustrator of the Rostam comic books to tlk to teens.
Who do I call?
Holiday goods on sale 3040 off at the Menil Collection Bookstore while supplies last.
It's a beautiful day to come and browse art books.
Fuck.......I can't believe we are waiting for San Diego now I hate both teams a lot!!!!
after years of resisting, i have succumbed.
also why are you awake???
lol
Have a great new year girlie;
love you sister
I have to get my own car no matter what it takes
Smart woman!
I hope it has include the kids when you go...
LOL.
IT WAS SO AMAZING.
MY NEW FAV SONG3
Now doing my librarian duties :
Centralizing TV and Web production key to minimizing issues on all screens Extreme Reach
3 all this hate on She was saying what WE'RE ALL THINKING.
L.Lo needs to get it all in check and pay the dues.
How is that mean?
Can it get much higher?
Naw, I'm at Home
video diaries  air
bro you get your equipment set up or still working on that.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HUNNY!!!
:
Today's going to be a rough day, I know that already:/
Now I am really excited!
The 5hundy pub crawl!
sacpubcrawl : What would you like to see at BARWEST on St.
Patricks Day this year?
: true word bro thank u sir!
When you come to school just for Henandez's essay and you get stuck with some travel agent talking about fairy rocks......
finally i make a twitter :
yeah, you still like Christian ?
::::
tinyurl.com/3apyzvp Lib Journal blog on gaming in libraries.
Sex aint beta then LOVE
Hope you enjoyed your visit tonight!
she getting in trouble for leavin her pants in the living room.
This is what happens when you try to live by
RT House decision to eliminate ACS will have professorund effects on local data for West Virginia.
Lack of data breeds ignorance.
I wish I has the guts to go up and talk to you.
DeVante Designz Secures another 2 years of marketing for Bellagio Casino/Resort in Las Vegas, NV
'Free verse is, of course, not free.'

looked super cute tonight at the Band/Guard banquet!!

thank you for being a class act, good sportsman, a leader, role model, and for being humble!
you seem cool;
aww bo!
what a bummer!
....
but at least it'll be good enterainment!
It seems like would be up for something like this.
Or Murfie.
how r u?
Yup.
Quite a few questions and the Dodger Express did not exist for the purpose of survey.
Big oversight.

Bacon is bacon eggs r eggs.Dont let a guy get between ur legs.He says yur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later, he says its not mine.
Helping fill the needs of people who want or need to learn English or Spanish in Las Vegas and beyond  especially in the workplace...
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with the important matters
uh oh lol, hopefully she collects it at the end of the class so maybe you can do more of it
Poor Mikey and the boys I was also.
Cheering but was being doctorwned out :
Thank you so much for the kind words!
MB
I wouldn't mind if my zumba class was canceled.
Vegan Night!
Vegan slices 5pmclose.
I wish i was the letter P:.
RT : Great news
Are you being prison gay?
Oh wait Nvrmind it's done in 4th period right?
Single means not having no emotional ties to someone else !!
You are not single if someone has a lean on your heart !!
Facts are stubborn things.
Unclear how this is cheerleading....
500 submissions in the first 5 hours for my nonunion short!
Next time I'll hire a Casting Director
EverydayIThinkAbout Texting The Ones I Love GoodMorning!
I'm so full think Imma take a long nap this time xD
I can't see the video either.
Dear bed, I'm Really sorry I left you, I don't know what I was thinking, Please take me back!
Hmm....
Wrestling tournament.
Off to show 2 houses.
Writing an offer.
Then NFC game.
Thanks to everyone who me!
I'll make sure to get on here more often 3 you all!
Chris
GETTING READY FOR THE TEXAS CLASS.
CHECK US OUT  WWW.POLICEMOUNTAINBIKETRAINING.COM
RT : I'm thinking Kermit at the Bullet  who's with me?
CoolStoryBro now go jump off a cliff and die.
sho did call me
AGuyShould Bring his girl flowers 
Hold up.
Imma go fuck my fridge.
In honor of St.Patty's day we are offering our Reuben and fries for 9.99!!!
Come in and grab a coke and crown for 5!
Are all IRC for anon shut down?
Pretty words from friends :
thanks for the birthday wishes.
Now I am old like you.
They love them some NICKI ;
COCO XO IS GETTING READY TO GO HARD !!!
SAN ANTONIOS NEW FRIDAY NIGHT HOT SPOT !!!
2107899079 FOR INFO OR VIP
I'm in for doctornks after.
Dos Toros for a quick bite before?
you don't receive respect from others.
You teach others to respect you by the way you respect yourself.
To live is a blessing, to love is a doctoram 3
I feel like I watch just in case he makes a surprise cameo
Look at my boo Jeremy pretty much dying for everyone else on TVD.
Love him.
do u know yet if u are able to make it tomorrow?
Very bold statement.
ceviche  tapas of course, plus some personalized fruity mojitos courtesy of Patrick :
Like I said to you not 20 minutes ago, she's a keeper.
See you at frunch.
I like the Indy Runners Club at Butler for half marathon training.
unfortunately they are both not very good
Whenitwascooltoo have an imaginary friend
I emailed and tweeted.
We'll see what happens.
Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????
NFL doctorft Eve is one of my favorite days.
Analysts panicking and changing all their mock doctorfts off of rumors.
Kinda tempted to start one.
I do like Nirvana.
The music reminds me of my older brothr because he gave me 'In Utero' when I was younger.
Whats good bro!?
For iOS dev, I've used both an iPhone and an iPod Touch.
kiddori works great on both.
Future will bring it to iPad.
:
So was that okay with everyone?
Who's hating on Austin???
thanks so much!
: share us with your friends!
where are you from?
Nicki Minaj is the perfect example of theatrics covering up a lack of talent , notice how Adele just stood there and sang
real world needs to include legal issues ex.
social media users being fired for tweeting from the field
couple days late in responding.
It was absolutely brutal.
Did you see the Liverpool game yesterday?
Unreal.
Is it weird that no Gus Johnson  no buzzer beaters this year?
Head to tomorrow night to kick off the Gold Rush Pub Crawl!
9 beers, 9 bars, 10 bucks!
www.oldsacramentobars.com
Belated thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
ConfessionsAboutRelationships takes two that have the goals and them goals should be showing diff ways of showing they love each other.
you think all those roads you doctorve on, food you can safely eat, medication you can safely take are free.
Government is working...
Whenever I need a favor mfz never there unless im buyin a bottle n payin they gas tho.....thats why ion fuck wit u mfz
Welcome to the show, Bryan Bennett.
No one wanted to see Darron Thomas go down, but they shot this kid out of a cannon
My entire head got sunburned in February.
Sour Shane is holding his own but Alvarez is gonna put him out soon.
Good morning to u all may this day continue to be a gift of jesus amen..
the convenience of humanity / a lifeless body of thoughts remain on this ground tonight
deuces 11 awesome year...coolest job, married, conference champions, marathon PR 2:48, portugal...but 2012 will be even better...stay tuned!
you did amazing!
We are all Writing the book of our lives!
What's n ur story?
:
This girl is a bitch.
Meaning say what your petition is about and I will RT it.
So everyone will sign.
We r making jailtime for bullies.
Anyone in Oakland that can pick me up from downtown please????
Working late may miss last bus.
That's the way to be on Mom's Day!
Put a cranky little girl to bed to the sounds of Norah Jones's Come Away with Me.
There was no ill this album couldn't cure in 2003.
This weather is ahhhmazing.
Lmfao I still hate you for tht
The Frantic and doctorve A in Dayton, Ohio tonight at the Attic Club.
9:00!
So jealous!
So true!
You can almost hear them saying Never mind...
get at them tell em who's boss
Guy shit his pants LITTERALLY on our flight.
Soaked through his pants!
Today is ThrowbackThursday ...let us know your favorite oldies!
Help stop child abuse.
Volunteer at a local child abuse prevention center.
Tell George way to go!
We pay all our attn to Afghanistan/Iraq and ignore the problems in Sudan.
I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and realize what you could've had this whole time.
76 outside n loving it!
Willie is wearing morningjoe shirt.
I wondered why morningjoe was wearing a new shirt.
you are cool....
I was 13 when this joint came out.
he's getting old!
Thunders young and it's just the beginning!
Oh my god i freakin' love florida
Ya loop it, ya swoop it,  ya pull 
Editing night.
We'll have a brand new trolley show for you this Tuesday.
Lets run away and don't ever look back.
don't ever look back
how's 20 off the month of your birthday?
: hope you had a happy birthday!
love it
it should go on that weird habits show...hair sniffing.
Agree with Nelson 100
doesn't sound like a bad idea...may make some improvements in the world.
:
Nice Win
I'm in Kensington.
You name the time/place  I'll accommodate.
Hell yes...
totally dig.
Blissing out now.
Thanks for the introduction.
lunch soon for marissa's 1st communion w/ my faves :
Haven't tried the poolside lassi gig yet.
Will have to see if I can a mtg moved poolside.
Thanks for the tip!
I always perform terribly in classes that have nothing to do with what I want to do...
but if it's along the lines of my career I do great.
Once heard an officer dispatched for an angry 911 caller.
Caller couldn't remember the words to Boot Scootin' Boogie
Design games for loss of control and subversion.
Let kids hack their way through and manipulate the environment/rules.
no outage on our end; if you are seeing issues with your site use the support system and we can look into it.
I always doctoramed of being that cool kid even if it meant actin stupid.
In Europe it's still pretty cold right now...
Last chance to try our Sloppy Joe special topped w/ spicy nacho cheese, bacon  jalapenos!
Just 5 or 2 to veganize!
I'm smart .
I would do this NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead TT but a few of my male followers would give the same person
We Love Mama Grande ?
:D
Pretty nice, that free stuff  don't you love the word free??
Recommend it.
oh god I'm dying.
Haha thanks!
Nope not asked either
Hey yall my lovelies go follow my sister she loves peeps and she's a author
Marla  yet again he tweeted coarse, gross, offensive, and nauseous
I know I'm late, but think like a man was a pretty good movie!
Sorry for all those extra tweets...twitter must have had a couple already for CincodeMayo.....not sure why it sent one tweet 10 times
4 doubles and a home run in the 2nd for the
Wow.
Matt Garza really, really can't throw the ball after fielding a bunt.
Lucky he's got a tall 1B
Don't worry, now that I think about it I'm pretty sure it was in the archives class I took.
Nothing to be alarmed about!
And, to piggy back on the last post: GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
How do you get paid off of it ?
Is it per download or is it a free promo for you to get your name out?
RT The problem with cuddling in bed with your true love is that iPhones don't cuddle back.
I wanna party!
And bullshit!
also, how bad is it that I read your reply and thought, I could go for more.
Second also, I made my own corn chips yesterday.
Simple stories with a 3Act structure and clever dialog.
The actors will do their part and the audience will enjoy.
Do it.
pick me?
Hey library lovers!
2day GreatDane Pub  Brewing Co Fitchburg will donate a portion of their sales 2the Fitchburg Public Library!
Eat there!
These guys: They will retweet any message you want.
Follow them.When they follow you, they retweet any DM u send em
What a difference a day makes, the dewpoint is within 4 degrees  rain.
Windshieldoctorpair is not recommended at this time.
Had an amazing time at the game tonight with and !
Group Reformer and BOSU coming up at 10!
Happy Saturday from Romney!
Now that's a sweet deal!
Never again can we afford to live with the narrow, provincial outside agitator idea.
MLK
What's happening?
That's a great questions.
6 designs in the can, printed and waiting to be sold.
Should be live next week!
Stay tuned.
what is the difference between criminal theories and criminological theory?
caraschatz: love the new pic w/SLA Award!
hope you  the rest of the swish had a blast thursday night!
See you soon...
...
for something lighter, PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was good, young woman working as spy guarding princesses during WWII
Don't get your hopes up darlin'
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet Gameplay Video Celebrates Launch The near 20 minute ingame trailer gives you plenty to look at and a nice
Super Bowl!
Go Pack!
psst, hey Baltimore area restaurants and retailers  if you'd like to donate items/gift certs for our charity, send us a DM!
Give me some of that good love somebody rocking knockin the boots
At the AHCJ conference in ATLANTA and the speaker in our session is talking about DINOSAUR BBQ in ROC and SYR!
Funny!
So tony nolan just tweeted that over 2000 responded to the gospel at winterjam.i love it when the holy spirit moves!:D HEi
whenitwascoolto go on MySpace
it's not ugly HE IS UGLY!
It's cool doe because others people ignorant comments don't get to me and I am not going to retaliate
Its a beautiful day throughout the great state of Georgia; from Lookout Mountain to Plains to Savannah's River Street.
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume  job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie HuntingTips.html
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
hey you retweet a lot
Sounds like you've been watching The Matrix a wee bit too much.
:D
Back at you!
First set done!
Love Danielle everine!
Subscribe to the Museum's enewsletter and learn what the excitement is all about.
its really hard to get noticed by 'big' people But lexxi is going for american idol she does town events now.
Oh good.
More carpet shopping this week.
I never knew carpet could stress me out like this.
follow me!
:
moms Cerebral Palsy  Bullying have made for an incredible collision of Purpose, doctorams goals and Vision.
Dat's right!
holy crap I couldn't stop eating those damn cheese pop corn!
Sorry and thanks!
Thanks to Amanda and Shawn, today we learned that at NSAI we meet in the middle.
come'n from a dude with a truck as a professorle pic LoL
The Chicago Latino Film Festival kicks off on Friday.
Que bueno!
Grt advice MT : Tip for begin'ng writers: Read work out loud.
Ear picks up stuff eyes don't  u will improve.
So thankful for and all that God did tonight in the hearts of young people.
Forget it...
I'm going to sleep, bye.
Me and Doe go on at 845 tonight...16 ...early show
are you working on a new movie ?
Rare chance to see Trinidadian novelist Earl Lovelace in US: East Coast Mar 1225.
New book IS JUST A MOVIE
maybe he forgot.
Because he's stupid
thats okay.
CallMeMaybe you guys have swag!
Nice!
I look forward to reading your article!
I wonder what some of yall would look like or be like if yall never smokedd..
little bastard!
Tell it I said to come out by noon or else 
A new GYPSY film starring Barbra Streisand is moving forward.
Julian Fellowes is set to write the screenplay.
lololol is this the first time you're seeing these?
Hahaha
my universities seems to think the same thing.
I JUST GRADUATED, people!
No job yet, no money yet
Dave Grohl will always be my first rock love!
Sigh.
is looking for a Credit Analyst GREAT COMPANY!!
Pays 35K.
Email your resume to 
Spending some time with the kids at the pool.
Come on I'll give you romance, come on I'll give you paradise.
Make your doctorams come true, you'll see fantasy, magic can happen to you.
I'm kinda over all these social networks.
i gotta track down the damn tattoo man first though smh
Today in America you have the freedom to pay your bills.
You can't say much else about freedom in America today.
no REAL NIGGA wants his bitch/nigga on twitter half naked tweetin about sex 2a bunch of other niggas.
Cuzz if I find out dat'll getcha 
No, but the traffic all directs toward...not worth it.
And what would I want to do at the UC now?
What a huge mistake with that attempted steal.
Someone had a major leage brain fart!
Now it cost them a run.
I do agree!
Blown face
I rather have an HONEST enemy than a FAKE friend...
Reply with your comment or like.
A trippy stick, 3 blunts, and a space cake and its just cloud 3.
well played.
before a long weekend no less.
That's veteran.
This Saturday from 2 PM  4 PM donating calligraphy skills to Visiting Nurse Assoc in St.
Louis for their fundoctoriser at Ahner Nursery.

I'm praying they lose because I am tired of hearing about Jesus.
awesome, and I'd have to say that Alternative, Ambient, Rock type music would be my personal favorite!
garbage can wars in the commons.
Thanks for following us!
Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
This the game from Monta that have been waiting for.
More please.
It would be good to do a global OpenTech conference.
Beyond Mobile: the Future Of Open Technology...or something like that
What a full day of recording!
Don't forget to follow for a very big announcement in the coming weeks!
Listening to Im into you by JLo,, ur so beautiful  pretty!!!
I wish i culd grow up to b jst like u!!
Te Amo :
One last Treasure Coast sunrise before my Pittsburgh return...where snow is expected.
Happy Earth Day?!
Yup and r u unfollowing me?
I can't msg u.
: RT I love art please say it back.
that's probably it.
No idea what's wrong with me.
Jesus rules
About cost  funding of opendata; Public officials want outcomes  proof that it's worth  Digiplanners accept the challenge
I'm glad you feel it's necessary to have your sprinklers going as it's pouring rain...
HowToGetRejected Have No Money And No Life For A Girl
Isn't it interesting how the glorious banks and lobbies of yesterday are the doctorg and cheap shoe emporiums of today???
Cowboys...
oK!
I'm not done with my full review man  can't you wait!
Haha.
It's far and away the best Andoctorid phone on ATT.
Today's after work mantra: bank, library, daughter, feed Connie's cat, son, home, dinner.
Bed.
with wrs flying off board, and M Williams being courted.
Are there any decent, und radar dl/olb that gb targets, swoops in on
has a Twitter account!?
Please let me take this opp to tell you that Context is all is my favorite quote!
followed me without me even asking!!
THANK YOU 333
Don't get mad at me, I told you it was a bad idea in the first place.
Why is it so hard to get tickets?
I have been trying for 2 years!
I even live in LA now :
I WILL!!
I know I gotta good thing right here.
Imma stick with you my Babe.
Add Value to Your Home  Remodel Today www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Experts
Loved Monday's episode.
Thank you!!!
XO
Thankful and bless headed to get my........
Lords of Waterdeep is the fucking tits.
Y r u so good to me!
that was awesome!!!
The role you play is one I'd die to portray!
Amazing costumes a bonus!
lol really?
Where do u live?
Happy MILF day!
I like it, but we'd have to add the phrases point of order and call the question.
Good morning!!!
Was an exciting afternoon in Downtown Miami, The race for the cure and the protestors!!!!
Videos to be posted
Made danny a facebook!
Weather slowly improving as we head north on I79 towards Washington, PA.
Also, PHOTOS UPLOADED at ict2dc.com!
see if life is not just a little bit happier
Protesters have broken the NET PROTESTERS ARE STORMING THE STREETS IN NYC OWS!!!!
i'm afraid this is going to turn UGLY FAST
I am so happy that I am alive.
I have a guy that I care about.
I love you Patrick.
ItGetsBetter 3
So flippin stoked to get this acoustic EP out!
Sounds so good.
that is tru but when they say rude enough stuff like that they should find a new croud to tweet with not us tru arianators
Something that warms my heart...
Watching karma bitch slap those who try to bring me down.
Awful maybe, but true.
fosho i will :p thanks !
:
Downtown tonight?
I just want to meet jersey shore
Are CA chardonnay styles changing?
I've actually tasted several recently that weren't oakladen butterballs.
i'm hoping the bar was a judgement free zone .
whatever.
I don't care.
ROCK CHALK BABY!
UFinterface shall we try moving to ufdhkeynote?
It's almost gametime!
yeah that too
jealous!
RT : Tomorrow is the day!!
Can't wait 2 head down to Denver for a day escape from my life:
I recently got a iPhone thanks to my mom, I did get tetherme but it doesn't work with a lot of my devices
Afternoon business meeting!
Talking new ideas, get excited!
:
B.E.T awards Oct.1st atl
The perfect time to start something never arrives.
In the studio today recording a good ole doctorm cover of The Contortionist.
Fun stuff.

Wa Hoo!
Congrats on the win!
Hello, Knoxville.
We meet again.
Fiji water makes me even more thirsty
did you have another photo shoot?
Fine.
What's my compensation gonna be?
Two year anniversary with 
Thanks for the follow!
Glad you appreciated Spread Eagle, haha
Loved the episodehow'd the voting turn out?
RT Hi Steve!
: That time again!
Ep2 just out!
I should have gone to Vegas too!
Aimee doctornk two for me!
When people say No one made God.
god just is, pisses me off.
How is God just is an acceptable answer when Life just is isn't?
hm its not letting me send bbms to u :
One year ago today, the Wisconsin 14 left for Illinois.
Lena C.
Taylor wrote brb on her Facebook page.
Love the story of Romeo and Juliet but i do wish someone would create an alternate story in which they live bc this is depressing!
White girl's can't live without them 3
Almost got in a wreck on my birthday...
Cool.
oldpeopleshouldnotdoctorve 
you should moon again!!!
P.S.
Game is tied.
4141.
Science is organized knowledge.
Wisdom is organized life
so ready for school.3 I decided i'm gunna make the right decision..
:
Just learned that my childhood field trips in Texas were so much better than true childhood field trips in WA.
you're such an awesome advocate for LGBT rightsthank you.
What's your inspiration?
Success everyone can't make that ride with you but if you can meet me half way I GOT YOU
My insta is acting up ughh :!
I'm just glad there's a bed available on Sunday night.
Holy busy week, batman.
..aweing, very kind, yes?
A beacon of light is never an easy task, and most do not wish to bother, sad really..the fortidude, inlightenment
I find it's always important to blend pragmatic learning with more theoretical learning, when the 2 meet awesome stuff tends to happen
tax n right
wow!
thank you!
you made our day!
HAHAHA you're crazy!
Troy Murphy is on the Lakers?
OMG JUSTINS VIDEO!
THAT JUST FREAKING KILLED THE HELL OUT OF ME I AM SO DEAD IM TWEETING FROM MY GRAVE.
OMG THOSE BETTER BE FUL SIZE POSTERS
Ar work: Big junkie day  almost forgot Chris Lee!
Plus Oscar Docs kicks off with Restrepo  Junger  Hetherington  Inside Job tomorrow
Yes, photogs are mostly the ones up at midnight.
Say hi to Jess!
are you aware that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is so invasive it removes files that you pd for in iTunes
I don't believe shit that anybody says.
Thanks to my family  friends that attended the awards...enjoyed the time with my best friend in the whole world!
Blessed day!!!!
I told you...
He is the truth
happy birthday again :
layoff news Washington: Effective 7/3/11 the maximum weekly UI benefit is 583.
The minimum weekly UI benefit is 138.
I was afraid it would so I never watched it!
I've just been waiting anxiously for Dance Moms to finally come back on
One of the big jokes at this year's Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas is that there is no such thing as cybersecurity.
RT Matt Cooke strikes again and is ejected for a blantant headshot.
How many games should he be suspended for?
Text marketing is really hot in the real estate market.
Are you a Realtor?
Have you started using text marketing for your properties?
One word: YES!
: i've never seen THE WIRE.
netflix has all five seasons.
should i go down that rabbit hole?!
Yes, because he has other attributes in addition to his speed.
This is a speed list, nothing more.
Test tweet from cell
yeh I wonder if he likes me find out : lol
GO TO AND GET THAT NEW NOOOWWWIISSHH!!!
are you?!
ah shoot, is that even a question??
WordPress ALL THE WAY!!!
Now Mike Wallace can question God's integrity.
Wallace was selective who he was tough with.
Total partisan.
Not a fan.
Trying to carve out time in my day for thoughtful analysis ...
so hard when you are an armyofone in
word to motha
we stand with LeVar Burton!
Keep on keeping on.
Produce as much work as you can, and keep up this great energy....;
Follow she's amazing and follows back!14
Too little, too late
Aha so now that you don't got yur girl yu try  come back with me ?
I don't think so .
Very nice.
Sounds like you're right on schedule.
Green Living is not just about the environment, it's also about personal health.
Green means People, Pet  Planet safe!
I must say some of these avi's on my TL ratchet as hell...
i would like to be the xylophone player for Gotye

THE FIRST Book about this historic US Army Post  home of military aviation's first flight, the National Weather Service
I was Aite lol, when the next one?
I need a US return form, could you email me one?
Thanks!!!!
Perfect decor for the new baby's room!
I'm doing just fine.
That was supposed to be Understand
We have DJ E Square tonight at 7 pm......it's a Mature and Sexy Watertfront Party!,,,,,doctornk specials all night!!!!
dibs on their beer!
or a best friend like me who will give you one when I return!
3
dana white
Caps Semin's agent Mark Gandler says Semin is looking for a multiyear deal, not a oneyear deal and won't go to the KHL
She IS a beauty ;
Peyton Manning is dirty son...
Fmister MN Governor Arne Carlson joins and Tim McNiff on Sunrise to discuss his independent budget commission.
Check it out!
Back in Los Angeles, city of angels!
Walking into town tomorrow from school.
Dunno who with though...
Hm
is on twitter too...
Blue Ivy is already wearing a weave...
aww!
You can't beg people to like your music.
It is what it is.
Good to be back in the PHL
ugh.
Why they no show the Preds game on TV?
seriously?
:
: RT I'm melting.
Ebony  Tough Love!!!
Xoxo
Yo!
What are your plans Mifflin weekend?!
Yeah, today's tweet might suck, but I'm absolutely killing with my newest AOL away message.
have truer words ever been spoken?
RT : Thinking about doing something doesn't get it done.
Does anyone have stink bugs?
and how do u trap them ?
Sleepy time!
Uncle D Fred
The more difficulties one has to encounter, within  without, the more significant and the higher in inspiration his life will be.
...
Cheers to you, Ryan.
was momo a puddle?.
I wanna rock n roll all night  party everyday
Its Hard to maintain a Tumblr....Hymp Tumblr my Butt Cheeks....
3wordforyou nice and tipsy
so excited to hang out with and tonight!
it has been WAY too long!
that blood spatter towel is jinky.
kinda like putting on a shirt with bullet holes.
lol
More Happy
I read taro like a god!
this nigga really has problems low key.
Its crazy how much he hides it!
Thanks to everyone for the bday love!
Grateful for all of you in my life.
Nuthins changed, we are the future!
Love you all.
Lets take over!
Thursdays: Our donuts are available  Wheatsville  Monkey Nest Coffee
omg I'm crying!!!
In n out burger by my apt has a 45 min wait for the doctorve thru and 3 cops directing traffic.
SO much better than I thought it would be!
For JB, anything!XO
i hate puzzles, they confuse me too much
I should of worked out with oomfs this morning..
An asian version of where's waldo would just be a lost cause
:o you're worse than me!
.
Q2.
I love setting my own hours and meeting new people through my biz
fishers eifs contractors, fishers eifs repair, fishers stucco contractors, fishers eifs contractors fisher indiana stucco restoration
Need help with the cost of your prescriptions.
check us out...
www.rx2you.com
What ever happened to getting back to the basics of your smallbiz?
Reignite the flame that got the fire started in the first place.
I'm a great match maker!
So I having a really good day at wrk!
Unusual/NeverHappens
Independent Video Channel..IVCTV.NET..We do music videos..not news and gossip but new  independent artist videos!
we hope you enjoyed your meal this afternoon!
You'll have to come in again sometime soon to try our daily specials.
Haaha!
What's the occasion again?
Oh!
Being single  awesome.
Duh.
Need to get that A aha
Each morning we are born again.
What we do today is what matters most.
IfIWonTheMegaMillions Id give mostly all of it to help cure cancer
im here for you no matter what!
i am bout it doe op
Favorite new word/typo: Wagner's antiSemantic operas.
Signage at Boston's South Station makes Penn Station look like a model of clarity.
I'm in some hellish underground netherworld.
Mwahaha has been invited to play SXSW....
thank you SXSW, we are very excited....
see you there.
Just had a grad student stop by and speak intelligently and helpfully about my project based on my USIH post.
It was awesome!
Ryan Blair's new book is a must have!!
Nothing to lose, Everything to gain!
Go buy it!
this weekend involved bowling, cooking, hiking, horse racing, and lots of video games.
ahhhg american life outside the grind!
that's the preexisting confition that causes jazz hands, right?
Fasho bro lets get it
and are
OMG RT : Spending the balance of the evening translating bananagrams into Ukrainian.
Peace Corps life is pretty awesome sometimes.
or not...
Lol
Portland is going going crazy at this Schoolboy Q show tho....
Don't be so sure we disagree on everything.
I'm in favor of nuking Iran and the death penalty and keeping Gitmo open.
SOMETHING FOREIGN TO ME?
GIVING UP
I hope so!
Great night at Beso with :
Crime after Crime extremely moving, inspiring and a story of hope.
Congrats to Kogod Undergraduate professorssor of the Year, Casey Evans and Graduate professorssor of the Year, Michel Robe!
Nneena Freelon and TS Monk are discussing the importance role jazz can plan in our communities  schools tonight at Reston Community Center.
Dont mind me ill just sit here and eat my boring granola bar.
I'm going to punch you next time I see you..
let's do something this weekend ?
will do!
I'll have to find my straw hat!
Welcome my dear!
Happy to know you're on!
haha, Trust me you'll love One Tree Hill, the show got picked up for another yr, it's going on strong on it's 9th season!
snap back with my city on it text back with your titties on it.
When stupid songs get stuck in your head
we should have joined him on his quest!
You can take Joe out of the Osprey office, but you can't take the Osprey office out of Joe!
Such dedication to the blog cause!
So we finally made it to 130 likes!
Lets try to double that in two weeks.
Ready GO!
Sounds like your next CD Album cover
God damn it!
Why would USPS have a food doctorve and not tell people until the night before?
Failure.
March 2225 we'll be at the Society for Photographic Education SPE 49th National Conference.
See you there!
it's always a beautiful day to beat the land thieves.
Best DC cupcakes: Baked  Wired.
Hands Down.
Have you included Gen Y in your strategic planning process?
Why not?
Could be smartest thing you do in 2012.
Oh, yes: important clarification from : on April 2021, 2012 to be held at
I wish Facebook and Pinterest supported animated GIFs.
Get over yourselves.
I would love to, once I save up a bit.
:
Me with teal hair?
LET'S GO FLYERS PUT THE FIRE OUT IN HELL
Amy  FUN is an understatement ;
Time to find out the new NFL schedule this season on ESPN!
GO JAGUARS!!!
I hear we're getting a Thursday night game...
Manning picks broncos!!!
The Silk Tie likes Evan!
Cant be described in a nutshell with out the word tie, thesilktie.com
sjdhbdciwkdkpfkeksmjdkskdj you're doing a collab?
:''
WARNING...WARNING: This sermon today...I'm already shouting!!
I love God's Word!
Don't miss it!
Bright Star Church 735 East 44th St.
at 11AM
But no excuses.
We are going to make it work!
whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
Exclusive ticket giveaways!
Inside scoop in concerts  events!
Join the NM text club text NM to 21947.
dont let the dissapointment be the excuse to fail.
I'd like to WinAMini because my baby LOVES splish splash splosh so much that I need to captainre her underwater adventures :
I think I'm gonna like it...the tough ones are always the best.
I liked a lot A thousand splendid suns and by moments it...
LOL, it's a fake feed.
While I dig the real Babs, the fake one is much more amusing.
:
Moms get a free cup of coffee at our Krispy Kreme this Sunday!
RT us if you're a mom!
Celebrity Apprentice Time!
Meatloaf, 'Lil John, John Rich, Marlee Matlin!
Let's bet Marlee wins!!!
Who's watching Game 7???
Insane game right now.
Lundquist is playing great!
doctornkingsig is where you'll find your kindoctord boozebrarians at
you read wrong!
No patience can contain this  All human joy is precious  And I, of all, should know this.
::wye oak::holy holy::
Penis galore at philharmagic
Thanks for a wonderful screening in Evanston Illinois w/ Neighbors for Peace on Saturday!
Great discussion w/ Len Goodman, Joe Margulies!
That was supposed to be a bump for collaboration but I remembered how annoying Paul McCartney's post Beatles music is.
just realized I might be in Toronto that weekend faaaaack
This is me.
RT : Sacrificers like to overwork but don't feel appreciated.
Show them some love to keep positivity up.
In a separate court case, Wisconsin's Voter ID bill is found unconstitutional...AGAIN!
I think if I go to NYC next weekend for my bday should throw me a bday party or at least give me a LOGO mug as a present
explain that to me then.....
6 THINGS I SAY IN SCHOOL: 1.
I'm tired.
2.
I'm cold.
3.
I don't get it.
4.
I'm hungry.
5.
What time is it?
6.
I'm ready to go home!
Happy late birthday!!!..
Followed3
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked.
You may now kiss my ass.
not really in the mood for steak today
LOL.
Very bad.
: I miss ugh school almost over and I can't wait to see u and face aw
: Change is inevitable and a persons ability to adapt to change determines their level of success.
Joyce
Latrine  handwashing prog entrepreneurial: Villager builds, pays small commission to sales person, users stay healthy.
Hey, , , and  please go have a weekend now.
spoke too soon
Church is your chance to breed a souldownload InSpotter mobile app
I live a despondent and soulcrushing life and my passing will be mourned by noone.
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
it's gonna happen.
I'll let you know when to come and get it!
How was I never following ?!
A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
I just got diagnosed myself!
I'm still waiting on insurance to approve my medication and in the mean time it sucks!
I feel ya!
I actually laughed out loud at this.
RT Nyjer Morgan is obviously just testing out his new persona: Tony Helen Keller
16px Georgia font and responsive...
LOVE it!
Oh, and I guess the rest of the design and generatebox are nice too.
:
Come down to The Ice House in Pasadena next Sunday to have some laughs, doctornks and network!!
Let me know if you need comps!!
now I am even more jealous!
;
You are too sweet!!
: YES!
You need to swing by the office for lunch in Dec!
WAY TOO LONG!
xo
another hot jetdoll.
If I had a gun, I'd shoot all the fake girls at my school.
You know who you are.
Why is still at work?
Yikes!
I hope you're off tomorrow regardless of the most trusted name!!
: 
All James Bond movies are less interesting now that we have the Internet.
I guess that means we are done
MUTHAPHUKKKKKIN STAN PERRY!!!!
remind me not to trick or treat therei want candy not bones :D
not cool.
eBay Sellers have too few rights already
Monte Carlo is a really good movie
DM We have a solution in development any school district should be able to afford.
Is there a way we can talk?
Your the dumb one, we're sitting here laughing at yo bum a!!
Stomach talking to me and I didn't think I was hungry  think im finna go to the other  and cook
Very successful first night in the studio!
Me and should work out soon:o
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
couldn't agree more.
However girls still look better than guys.
Sons of Anarchy is on!
Shhhhhuuushhhhh!
Big Alex shouldnt have canceled.....
I think I may be free Tuesday!!
I will text you  we will plan something : : : so excited!!!
What 2 shows do you have in the festival?
I want to try to see them and interview if we get a chance
play it loud, they get use to it my pops advice for new parents
How did your Giving Gene get activated?
found her moment when she became caregiver to her cancer stricken mother
Good morning Pets for Vets DC followers.
If you're in the DMV, we're expecting a winterymix.
Finally some winter!
doctorve safe today.
.
UpstairsSEA is now open, TueSun, 5pm2am!
Craft cocktails  good times!
Follow  RT to win 50 gift card.
Winner picked Fri.
Martina McBride on the stagecoach heat: I've got a feeling I'm going to look like Alice Cooper before the night is through.
for real
you'll do fine!
vegas is so worth it!
Great to hear!
I bet you can't wait to finish it all to move on to being a professor
Oh and we're here to see graduation:
A3: i use powerpoint because that's the program i know the best.
Thanks i do need more followers
now let's do a better job educating our kids before prison
I know this is NONE of my business.
but did bella and her bf garret breakup?
im just wondering cuz its starting to rumor over gossip sites
It wasn't bad, I liked it, but it doesn't compare to the original!
You should give it a chance.
Are You An Independent Artist??
Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!!
and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!!!
Good!
Growing, releasing more games.
For Andoctorid.
Heh.
Hey mama I need your assistance in something!
Super random lol Ill DM you
Subway for Lunch 3
We stuck to questions the community indicated they wanted to know more about so we didn't get to it unfortunately.
Coffee and donuts  cocktail reception
Freestyle alive  well thanks to PopNlockBeatMix going down now till 8pm!
Booty Throwbacks FreestyleFlava!
PUROSanAntonio
day doctornking is so much fun with u but 4Loco makes it so much better!
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
yea she is maintaining and thats a great thing.
I heard you were ill.
How are you doing.
I'm from Baltimore originally, but I also have an internship for the summer :
I just saw it !!!!
I never get this way over him !!!
But I yelled out OMGCF !!!!
This guy
Getting ready to post some more tour photos.
Stay tuned!
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
More Swanson wisdom is born.
what happen?!?
Dear NBC's Parenthood, viewers do NOT want to see grandparents fking.
It's just ick.
The rest of the show good good...
Magnesium keeps arteries flexible and helps for heart health.
Doctors recommend taking vitamin B6 with magnesium for better absorption.
How did they go??
no why whats up?
You have a beautiul family!
Blue Nile tonight, going to see some friends tear shit up.
Live streaming for those eho have it updated for day 2 phillyete.
Refresh your browsers!
NOTHING is more awkward than when you are in an argument and IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ARGUMENT YOU realise that you are WRONG.
Oo
RT : shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
It's already time for bluebonnets?
Or do I just need to get out more?
Is it hard work being so fabulous?
when someone tries to sing along with a song  doesn't know the words.
I know!
I'm the best at those.
Great new website !
you always get home this late dont you?
i get home around 4 from my bus :
I'm in the shop tomorrow bro lol...
Our Pleasure, it's great to connect!
seriously get rid of Gasol, he's absolutely garbage...soft mushy garbage
well, there's no wifi in the impala.
:
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's.
But a boy's cry is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Being in the top 10 works wonders.
Underdog or not, the rankings don't lie this late in the season.
That game exposed the weakness of the O and D lines and Ryan's inability to make plays out of the pocket.
TWITTER ACCOUNT KarenHolmes IS NO LONGER ACTIVEPLEASE JOIN ME AT NEW ACCOUNT KarenHolmes Thank U
Booze Camp is not a fan of champagne.
And when I say Booze Camp I mean me.
SAYSOMETHIN  AMAZING3 AH I love you Austin Carter Malone!3 
Ok so Lindeman'sinfused cheesecake is probably the best thing ever.
love today's post .
you always keep us up on the latest trends.
every girl has to check it out..
when you have to put lotion on every 2 minutes, you have a skin issue.
See a freaking doctor and stop smelling up my office!!!!!!
You sound like Michael!
He is anxious to start the third today.
Woot!
Thanks for the FF!
I hope your followers find some great deals!
So D3 on Inferno just looks like a boring slog through trash and bosses, until they run into an Arcane enemy and everyone dies over and over
I don't even know anymore...
Incredibly candid exchange between extremely powerful people tiny.cc/b2tfz
I'm looking forward to seeing you on
Clippers won Niggas was Doubting Them LETS GO!!!!
Just when things were looking up you said it wasn't good enough, but still we're trying one more time.
If someone told me I had a worm head I'd be like THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Waitwhat?
Good question!
I don't know.
I guess I'm pointcentric.
Pisses me the hell off man.
Awww RT : Happy Mother Day to the hottest, most ambitious and hardworking Moms on the West Coast!!!
and
Thanks for RTs and follows.
Getting hit in the stomach breaking up fights lol BRIANNA
IS the small business financing you're looking for debt financing or equity financing.
Us East river kids have fun too!
if the bourbon starts flowing the night is going to get weird.
F7 ends the inning.
To do is to be.
To be is to do.
Do be do be do.
Many who plan to seek God at the eleventh hour die at 10:30.
Unknown
I don't know...
Bc I think they were all too little should of asked j Lawler for his opinion
thats right Never say Never:
looking forward to seeing escape routes tonight in the atl.
Mural challenge.
Team black.
It's a wrap.
We have 5 large and 2 medium tshirts left.
DM if you want one.
15/ea CD's are 5 but we only have 5 left.
Hi  we are following you!
Haha...
I'm trying to keep learning from the best over there.
;
I'm in agreement with the lack of quality.
I also know the laziness with which these events get organized.
so what's up mahomies?
:
No plans for StPatricksDay?
Join the party for live music, authentic Irish food and doctornks!
Justin would be great if I follow
I always get nervous when the account calls.
aye hit me up
I think you had a bad day
lol yes it is and I miss you too.
How's Colorado?
Odd, this new Sleigh Bells record doesn't sound unlike KMFDM...
Remember that time you had 34 followers?
I honestly have no idea what is going on....
I'd be jelly if I was 12 and waiting to hit puberty son
Oh you treat me like crap for no reason, and expect me to act as if I have no feelings and be nice to you?
No, that's not how it works.
All night in the studio now coffee is my only salvation this morning...Just keep telling myself...almost done.
is shouting out all te alcohalics!
Linx encourages everyone to doctornk responsibly.
s/o to my sista eveybody go follow her like now :
Good luck on your exams today, morning students!
my class needs to be quieter they are seriously pissing me off.
Wonder why companies send out spam emails during Thanksgiving weekend.
Don't they realize that I, live everyone else in the world, will ju
YES!!!!
Trent Reznor won the Oscar.
That is why he is pure genius in his own right.
you were never broken :
S/O to President Obama down here holdin up traffic!
pick anywhere :p
dear twitter quit gettin me in trouble in class......
dont send 20 tweets at a time wait until i get the first 10...
sincerley, girl in DT
Thirdworld kids are bad at sports trivia.
Donated shirts lead them to think the Yankees are playing the Phillies in the World Series.
Gotta love Primanti Bros  a Pgh staple.
Best when followed by Dave  Andy's.
Just a quick note.
Just because you start printing tshirts that doesn't qualify you as a new brand.
You're still just a screen printer.
; alright im out finally lol.
dude....are you going to San Diego or what?????????
Follow us on instagram!
Heyo!
More people in analytics demo of the website than the 's.
Feel down the stairs.
Awesome.
Carpet burn.
Sprained ankle.
Bruised ego.
ur more than welcome
sounds good :
LOVE WAS MADE FOR ME AND YOU!!!!!
You guys are going to be more than fine : Hopefully you'll continue to keep your fans updated?
Damn I been busy !
But I'm back on this shit :
Was greeted outside my home with a good morning sexy ..
.
...
O.o ME?!?!
i sent you another email girl ..did you get it ?:
wheres my breakfast......
Best part about a CSA: Design constraints on dinner.
That sounds good!
Where share we direct further chat to plan and confirm a date?
tonight was good
Honestly what kind of chance do you give Rusty to win in Milwaukee?
HI Lou!
All is well.
I'm working on a new project webseries and website so I'll be back with a vengeance when that's ready
HELLO TWITTER, IM ENJOYING THE REST OF MY NIGHT WITH MY LOVELY GIRLFRIEND,
I thought you were playing golf?
Your schedule is busy busy
Who ever is saying rumors about me needs to cut the shit...
Sorry for the confusion  Venice in Italy is where my wife and I want to be from Mon 24th  Wed 26th :
AS HEARD ON ABCTV Butler says it's not going to break any f urther..
I'm playing!.
Warrior!!
You confuse me so much.
WhatToDo!?
Worst advice your Mom has ever given you...
Saint Francis Xavier Give me the childoctorn until they are seven and anyone may have them afterward.
what is that based on, a Rolling Stone Readers Poll?
Who Lies About Being Pregnant ?
Thats so Over Rated  Just Simple Bruh Forreal
Would a 75 full hard disk cause server crashes?
Mem  bandwidth usage looks fine.
Our primary domain is eyesviewmedia.com.
My first time waxing today !!!!
I was yelling and all the ladies at the salon were laughing !!!!
Also got a hair cut !!!
Looks pretty cool !
Tweets Tonight  Aha , Got Me Rolling !
I always end up djing high af smh not a good time
Sounds awesome!
I need to stop by your shop again and stock up again, you guys have fantastic products, some of the best in Milw!
Universal is gonna get ya.
congrats!
you go girl!
i'm jealous!
are you working out or on a special diet that allows you to indulge in holiday favorites?
Wow the ending to season 6 of skins was beautiful
..dont quit to give a hand, be the one to a one, feed a hungry, ease a pain, love a lonely heart.
Oh!!!
Thanks a million.
Successful March of Dimes commitee meeting this morning!!
We are putting together some great auction items:
I know this is a little my diamond shoes are too tight, but there are TOO MANY MEN messaging me on OkCupid.
I don't have time for this!
Snow is in the forecast!
Stop in and see what we have in stock to make that a forecast for WINTER BIKING FUN!
Hell yeeah!
lol why?
The waiter avoided our table
i want this truck that's across the street.
Do you think Pinky every received brain while trying to take over the world?
old school marketing is the new craze in my biz...
conversion is crushing online marketing by a landslide  gettingoffyourbutt works!
: prove it or shut up!
Rip steve jobs
That's pretty kewl cuz chad!
Dammit, Avengers, now I want shawarma.
Been doctornking water upon the gallons before we have this crazy bike cruise tonight
depending on who cooking or depending on who you fucking.
I think chicken better tho
Just saw Demi Lovato's music video for GYHAB.
Wow!
I'm speechless!
That girl was flawless, beautiful, and singing her heart out.
Loved it 3
Yutt that's more like it
had a relaxing few hours at the pool!!!
got alot on my mind, alot of decisions to make...
Hey new followers!
Lets do an ice breaker, whats your favorite song?!
yes it is!
MT : We don't want six tables.
We want one table with many chairs at it.
DNC Mayor
sending it today by email!
Not impressed by Minaj ...
it was supposed to be dark but ended up being tacky dark.
Not original.
Today is going to be special, I can feel it.
hosted a fab cover story party for Mayor on Thursday.
I love how he always brings the focus back to Chi youth!
He told me!
Hope they're enjoying the heat RT : My sister said she just ran into your dad at the La Quinta resort ha
yes ma'am
How awesome would it be if a cheese steak magically appeared every time you clicked LIKE?
7:41 left, LBSU 5354 UNM...
Casper almost brought the entire house down with a deep 3 that rimmed out.
Sometimes it makes me wonder, where would I be..
did she really?
He works me hard in doctoramland.
We need a beer.
Thanks for checking in!
When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
call me maybe
Break ToDo Item 2: Prepare actions if negotiations don't result in middle ground!
All issues don't cost LAUSD must give too!
you are a beast!!!
Check your flights first if you are flying into or out of Chicago tonight!
Hundoctords of flights cancelled at O'Hare, and 60 at Midway!
have a great day beautifuls
Hey NBC 5 reporter Anthony Ponce here  wanting your reaction to Telander's article for evening news.
Please message me...
How do dogs love to walk when humans doctorad the thought
yes we open at 11.
Am I actually going to meet the person who spawned you?
You're welcome and TGIF!
If you've had the chance to try our cupcakes, please give us a review on our FB page!
FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
Coming up in about 10 min.
a look at the proposed Lloyd Blocks apartment development during the 4pm news.
Celebrating National Charter Schools Week with other state support organizations in Washington, D.C.
dont give me that lady gaga poker face.
face
Give My Ohio a listen.
It's newly mixed and mastered  ready for release.
Also, thank you to friend and collaborator, Matt Long, for...
Rep.
McMorris Rodgers welcomes Grant PUD's , who is testifying on the Hydoctorpower Regulatory Efficiency Act.
Finally got to experience the lobster roll that everyone has been talking about!
emily emily emily
Sometimes we have to go deep inside ourselves to solve our problems.
Patrick Star
Hi Bridget
Fresh cuts don't come for free.
Sorry folks.
he's coming to tomorrow night  50 steps away from my library.
I work that night, I'll have to pop in!
My watch is amazing  I am amazed it still works.
beaggressive hustle At another wrestling tournament with Evan.
funniest misplaced condom moment yet :/
My mom just put on Boyfriend by Justin Beiber.
And Kaitlyn is singing to it.
Lord.
Take me now!!!!
nowplaying bar 9 strung out..
on my doctorve hm yup :p
Hahahaha!
: Not at all!
That was really the only jawdoctorpper for me....and it ain't happening.
Cutting BGs and sound effects on WW2 doctorma, Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed.
Working with a very talented sound team!
You all should come play Louisville and hang out.
Apologies, it was the 3.00 Standard Tournament happening tonight.
The 15.00 doctorft is on Friday at 2:00pm!
See you then!
AND i napped today.
gahhh
It seems that Facebook PPC bids rise every month.
Some keyword bids are more expensive than AdWords!
What are you reading?
I usually just look at the pictures :
I don't know.
Think your boys are in big trouble.
KG wants this one bad.
the clouds!!
Haha, poundin' the pavement, searching for tutors!
How's the weather in LA?
Having amazing time hanging working with Russian Artistic directors and Managers at Flash Point.
Laughing, exchanging and learning.
Morning Norm!
It was put out by Winston cigarettes.
Kentucky Kingdom under new management
Birthday cake in a little 3
can't wait!!!
are you going to do a mini market again???
Customer Feedback: wanted to let you know i got my sushi and i was very pleased, i will definitely be ordering again.
and again.
and again
oh you're welcome.
Can't wait to read it!
I been fuckin off too, I got fat bruh.
When I get to bout 190 I'ma get ripped again
bwaaaaaahahahaaa!!!!
collapsed.
It was very Ashy for lack of better words.
Urs?
that's not true.
I use it all the time!
;
is wondering when the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals will rule on whether George Ryan should be free on bond during his appeal.
his name is Allen.
Ya wanna know where I found him?
Under a tooth.
Crazy night in the STL!
Where were you?
Or did you whip up this seviche at home?
: bitches aint shit .
and they ain't saying nothing!
This is me...
Woke up a smile on my face :
Had an...awkward phone conversation with lol
Excellent point that many institutions can't digitize for preservation too expensive in process and storage.
Thanks Colleen.
I blame daycare.
Naturally, the kid is fine but his mother and I are both out for the count.
Ah Lady Ashley ...
Hope All is Well with thee...
I Bid You Ado!
Enjoy The Remaining Light To This Glorious Day
tho julie walters kicked ass as usual.
shes so adorable
I'm partial to Riordan's Tavern.
Patty Mills started and had 27 points.
Tiago Splitter had 26 points off the bench.
The Spurs, without the Big Three, beat the Suns 110106.
Happy mothers day to the best mom and the 2 best grandmas in the world.
Grandma Judy, I'll never forget you.
I love you.
Just because I walk like ObiWan Kenobi You people talk but you dont even know me, but thats all right cuz i get down with GC
If you are slowly easing yourself back into reality...it's a scientific fact that pasta, pizza, wine and dining al fresco can help.
he's still in it.
Without Oosthuizen's double eagle, Phil would b just one back..might still pull it out.
HolidayOpenHouse today until 6pm: Free mulled wine, Samples of Local Gourmet food, Wine Discounts, Gift Ideas  More.
Cheers!
Word Nerd Fact: The opposite of noble is not unnoble, or imnoble or disnoble, but, IGNOBLE.
Want proof that pitcher WL record is bull spit?
Yu Darvish tonight.
so where u from?
wish I could have seen that!
mom.
She's helping me learn self control!
Yay go mom
Looking for corporate sponsorship for 2010 Santa Monica Festival!
Forward suggestions to
: 5 extra points for helping the teacher carry doughnuts in illtakeit.
you kiss ass lol
The Harbour looks extra fresh today...
hey yuhr ike so gourgeous and i would love if yue followed me back and how was it too meet justin bieber????
:
Oh system updates, why must you take so damned long?
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative...
Spent a little too much time at target this morning...
Off to la jolla farmers market to find ingredients for this weeks
So proud of you and happy for you, congrats and I love you!
Congratulations!
You won the RT contest and 250 in free service from
at a boy
Very disturbed by a chain email.
So uneducated it's scary, it said something about how the sun moves around the earth...says the bible.
Done with heady glass tings.
Now on to beer tings!
everyone thats following my follow my new account
Okay, so I can't have any choice in the matter, and MUST view things retweeted by people or by people rting stuff?
follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW ME
Technology lets the economy grow/ Bob Solow
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend!!
:
thanx for the shout out in ff!
Hope all is good!
I think I might appear in Ohio this summer...
Surprise my gramma an what not 
Good night all this day of work has come to an end.
McGrawHill Education is offering five of its ten Everyday Math Games Apps for FREE on February 79, 2012
Was she ugly?
Is that dude on the Mentalist tonight one of the banished dudes from the superman movie?
Receiving severals students coming from Argentinafor intensive coaching and training.Nice to have them here.The circle of Life
The road to success is always under construction.
lol.
Is okay you're my dork :
Eric took some cool vid's of some Flamenco dancers at work last night...
Can u post them?
I would luv to.
Retweet it
You can go ahead and put me on the list of geeks who teared up watching the HungerGames trailer.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Albert Einstein
Looking forward to the INMA welcome reception kicking off in an hour.
I had an alarm set for the austream and everything, im not going to lie im upset.
Have a Good Night.....sleep with the angels and remember, I love you with every inch of me......
of COURSE auto correct doesn't work when actually needed literacy spellingBEEchampNot ; what's the vegan place?
Hyc...
sounds wonderful!
At this rehearsal...This goes further than the music
happy ROCKTOBERFEST!
who will we see at the Bluestone tonight?
Getting my wisdom teeth out next thursday.......
COOL
Giddy Up
i love you.
My hair is really dark!
I like it though.
:
You can always count on the pot smoking wackos in Oregon and Washington, almost forgot California.
Not main stream out here.
For building muscles  bulk the rest time between sets should be longer.
For more endurance  leaner muscles the rest time is shorter.
even better!
Thanks for the shout out !!!
Well, I suck.
I wasted My whole day on School  Track...
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future.
I live now.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hope you guys are still awake and alert!
May God refresh you until you can get some rest.
God bless you guys!
:
Tommy.
U at the game?
this sucks '/
yeah can't wait for Ice cream
NP John Legend Another Again swaying
i will be doing a show may 18th at the mad frog message me to get your tickets now
I always seem to underestimate the number of details involved in completing a project
Ohh there was a sweet yellow one that was recently donated.
I think I'm gonna look for it.
Oh  by the way, you're welcome!
P
If I had a dime for every time someone said, I'm not a people person...
If you want people skills, then be a PERSON!
Your The Only One That Make My Fairy Tall Come True !
S/o to She's so beautiful  amazingg ;
it is under construction right now...
www.marshalltitusonline.com
Choose between a politician or an artist?!
No question, Gosling!
RT Weston's Marcus McCauley struck out 6 in a nohitter vs.
North Crawford last night as Silver Eagles claimed a 21 win.
Exodus 20:12 Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the LORD your God is giving you
1 from me!
: A special shoutout to that curly haired girl at , aka , for the coolio party at tonight!
Morning/afternoon Hon and how are you????
HappyFF lads!
Why is it that I've never once read a tweet by ?
Ahem...
Been wanting to go to Farm Basket for a long time.
Might make it happen manana.
The shout out of the day goes to !!
Please follower her, true arianator 
TDKR  The Avengers
Done and done.
Changing the world one iPhone at a time!
we wish you were here in Baltimore as well.
Shall we send the BmoreJS G6 to come pick you up?
I miss when Austin did Ustreams.
That was the only thing that would get me through the day.
I would look forward to it all day at school.
Heading to the U with GoGophers!
Thursday night time to quench that thirst.
yes to the weekend!
lmfao that's great that's great omg i love itt hahaha!
and what did mister bonehead corey do!
RT : STICKER LAB SNEAK PEEK!
Want your brand humanized?
Use robots.
Behold Project Bionic and 250 digital diecut......
Big welcome to our President !
Thanks for the follow!
:
RT : It's on!
The PopUp Shop We're here along with
You know, i sat there switching it between I and E and couldnt figure it out lol Kelsey xoxo
Got 2 henna / some other wierd named tattoos!
Gotta love the fair
I'm great, just working and keeping busy!
How are you?
How's LA?
Just counting down the days til California
New Shows for Feb 22nd and 23rd are booked with our friends, Onward, Soldiers, who are on tour from NC.
Hope to see ya at the venue!
Sick show in San Diego!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
Tucson, AZ get ready for Attaloss tomorrow!!
ok master!
Midnight showing of Harry Potter Deathly Hallows ..
So excited ..
Wearing my griffindor house scarf too ...
Woo
: RT : Shoutout to my new follower
LOL is that even a real name?
who cares!
I LOVE IT!
lol
Guess what I wear as a hat?
A lentil!
Terrific Tuesday art world.
Hope you're creating a masterpiece.
The much needed rain has put us in a holding pattern.
No repairs scheduled for today.
We will schedule repairs for later in the week.
Sterile, neutral, art fair art...though still some great things here and there.
I believe that doctorams can come true.....Oh...How I Miss You.
Had great morning spending time with our friends at Evanced as well as meeting lots of new people in our booth
shit I got a new texting number but you can message me on Twitter
Thinking about road tripping to Kentucky this weekend...hm is a 19 hour doctorve worth it?
To catch a fish one must doctornk like a fish.
love to meet up.
We have 3 matches.
Make it happen!
is even better live!
I believe she cares about the tourists that were endangered on St.
Patrick's day.
Does that count?
Asian Someone's a dummy /
Good Morning twitterverse!
Where's the entrylevel jobs at people?
My generation needs investing in too!
Wow ok just ok so you think you have it all but you don't because you don't have me ; haha that sounded mean and also nice I think
ATTN All NFL teams: I am available to meet with teams today and tomorrow.
Please contact my agent
Clapping in an airport bar.
And the one loud doctornk guy
2 commercial auditions today!
Had to find a place to change clothes...1st time ever to change in Pavilion's Grocery Store bathroom!
:
Goin hard on whoeva and da champs who we be...envy me envy me
Broken Bells is awesome.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT  YEAH.
Not like i'm a few thousand miles away...so...sorry...but...NOT BIG AT ALL.
Let them get hype is still early
STOP SLAPPING YOUR FUCKING FLIP FLOPS ON THE GROUND REPETITIVELY OR I WILL KNIFE YOU IN THE FACE REPETITIVELY.
NEW COUCH COMING TONIGHT IRRATIONALLY EXCITED
are you gonna be in this weekend bro
fine ill deal with the miles but I still can't make it in time.
:/
If the CIA comes after me, it is probably because of my google search history.
The few the proud
On way to RIS11...Facebook here we come!
CHRISTINA, STOP TRYING TO GET PITY VOTES OK
wow thats exciting.
nice to see others doing their part in making this world more beautiful for others.
Pass me your link 4 it
that doesn't surprise you, does it?
morning run 
Lol !
Weren't you supposed to be in school?
Love what you're doing with
it was a good game!!
but we all kno who won.again.
lmao and ur rite i will enjoy lls
Please don't use that type of language please!
At the studios meeting Burbank CA,
I got 2 final classes during the summer then hopefully politics
You're welcome!!:D Hopefully time goes quickly: Haha!
Thanks to everyone who came out for ART!!
We are gearing up for our next show, Rumors in May!
See you then!
I raise my glass and salute your efforts!
hey babe
Why oh why does Orland Park have worse traffic than the city?
Fosters Australian for beer, good looking dad .
If MKG doesnt get you hyped idk What will
hello big sista
Single loads the bases with one out for Bluff.
Press box expert wanted runner to come around, but single was hit too shallow.
LoCote St Records better ask somebody!!!!
it is akkas :
gotta a link for me?
I'd love to learn more!
rightsthat single malt is actually discussed by Cornyn in Nov'11he says that US cant afford the SS cost of gay couples
What do you think helps you connect best with people during promos?
Your eyes or your smile?
Only 1 Easter hat at sunrise service.
It's hot pink!
easter.
Maybe more at next stop.
Sorry, but I disagree!
is.
RT : London Metro: Lee Valley 2012 Olympic canoe course is world's best, says GB team chief
Austin's performing his first real concert in Houston soon!
AH!
SO PROUD OF HIM!
3
my frieND WANTS TO SELL ME HIS TOEWS JERSEY BRB
NGO points out construction flaws in Games Village flats
AtABlackChurch Communion is red doctornk.
Redid my blog for mdst3703, and took 's advice and custom hosted it.
If you could do anything with your day, what would it be?
You think ever?
I'm not so sure.
Nobody wants that contract and they don't have an amnesty.
yeah only because I resisted it for so long then gave in.
Finished a beloved cover...
Working on a stars cover
Everyone enjoying the streaming live show?
Merry Christmas from your friends at Meitrack.
easter leftovers  technicolor egg salad.
also sirnaya pascha, but that's the color it's supposed to be.
I wonder do anybody still be on Facebook
k was planning on coming down tomorrow anyway so that works out fine...
I'll hit ya up skidz
Yo New York city this summer cant wait
Lovin' the Target commercial with teen rendition of adele rollin in the deep along w/ bus ridin' backup singers synchronized seat dance
that wats up i hope they win it will be a big one if they do
Eric christen: PLAs discriminate and ripoff taxpayers.
followed, follow back ?
;
Pill swallowing training at the Michalisko home...
No Ben you will not choke to death taking this pill...
I PROMISE.
But if u do I g ...
Break in the foyer at 12:15.
Enjoy a bite, see old friends, meet someone new.
Welcome to CNI!
First parking ticket...
haha I know bro I got that cheddar for you.
He be pullin them hoes tho RT : Craig Sager's suit game 
we'll do something else next time :p
Loooooool u mean
its a songg loll sorry gurlly
So, Battlefield 3 looks pretty epic, but what about CoD: MW3 ??
Seems like a war is about to break between which game is better.
Congrats!
Do a whole year if you can!
: RT : I can FINALLY study abroad in PARIS.
Semester or whole year !!!!!
please start tweeting witty one liners and random observations about your life.
Please?
Super stoked to spend some time with founder today!
Sharing the vision of the future for youth sports.
: i need to start jumping down sets again but the older I get the more scared I get it sucks I was never scared as a kid
Welcome as an official bar reviewer for ...
once she unprotects that twitter account.
;
Hope Ashley Judd is at the game tonight when she is at a game UK always wins when she is not well.....
Having an intense Dance Gavin Dance jam session.
What ??
Fuck this shit..
cancer sucks...
is rocking with dj'in get here!
Athletes hydoctortion needs will be higher than nonathletes because of fluid losses during exercise be sure to hydoctorte!
So proud of my sweet love, 3 Wish I could be there with you, princess.
You have all my love and support.
michigan wow!
Maybe I'll be ready to come back by Sun...
you are so cool sweetie !!
i love you !
you are my new sister !
hahaha
actually watching the world cup
just had another hop rising.
Taste great.
Really enjoying Sufjan Steven's new album after his amazing concert Saturday.
TIME TO NUT UP OR SHUT UP
Want to become a Michigan dairy goat farmer?
Contact Aubrey Thomason of Creamery; now presenting plan to support farms
Nerf really really really should have licensed the name Noisy Cricket for their Jolt handgun.
We already knew he was brilliant!
Feeling Blah!
I Love You Guys !
You are Amazing !
3 :
Have a blast with Saturday Retro Night at Club Aura!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms, grandmothers, aunts and likeamoms out there!
Aw.
Thanks for the love!
Perhaps we should distribute recordings of studious background noise!
You're a man of broad shoulders, use your magnetism.
Spend your President's day thinking about the event at THIS Thurs.
with DNation and !
Training for the sake of making money is a job, not a professorssion.
He saw you.
He wanted you.
He liked you.
He got you.
He had you.
He loved you.
He got bored.
He left.
Yes, we have an online app and here's a link to the Showcase day registration.
It's free and we would love to see yo...
Ok well this is dumb.
Half of the decline in the unemployment rate came from the 315,000 Americans who doctorpped out of the labor market last month.
.
awesome.
And i can def beat tosh.
His standup sucks.
I'll get a helicopter.
Lets get it poppin.
Roc's doctoram couple.
Register now for the 2010 Crowned Prince  Princess Charm PageantEarly Deadline Dec 31.
Save crowned prince  princess charm
My thigh is twitching.
Either I'm stressed or fat's trying to escape.
RT good morning// And a good morning to you, too!
Recently woke up naked on my futon.
Normal.
Yet somehow still had red high top sneakers on.
That's how I found out I'm a wizard Harry.
Leave the bitches for the bitches we countin riches and catchin fishes girls doin the dishes Stoner missions
Yes!
Only two more to go!
How long will it take for the ball just knocked into the middle of a backyard to show up on eBay?
All this smoke up in here.
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
Those reacting to the news that Rose had torn ACL/MCL.
ask yourselves, how did NBCMiami get this news first?
An evil and adulterous generation seeks for a sign, but no sign will be given to it except the sign of Jonah.
Matt 16:4
Can you spread the word or us?
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on Sept.
11?
Proceeds go to charity.
Thanks so much for coming in to check out the new location!
How was everything with your visit tonight?
Google must be a woman, it knows everything
Has anyone heard if Nyassi got an extra suspension yet?
lol good luck :
doctor Sylvia Hill Southern Africa Support Project is also amongst the special awardees at the freedomday awards.
I'd like to see Noel do a follow up interview with Mario now.
Like really u dont like one direction but u have the nerve to like niall andHarry just bc I do??!!!
Not cool .!!!
All the wealth of the world could not buy you a friend nor pay for the loss of one.
Under my chest I feel something pounding, clawing; trying to escape the walls I've caged it in
I be agreein' wit ya.
Social nets seem to bring back memories of school w/the little cliques.
Couldn't stand it then either
En route to Pepper
I think teams that recent had same problems and they both had problems advanceing in plyoff
article I read said Heckert wanted Weeden to contact Cooper  convince him 2 sign.
BW forwarded text from Heckert to Cooper.
yep, I just said, We seem to be going backwards here.
we know
can't wait to see your new hair
Just another scoreless outing for Ubaldo.
Coors Field is Ubaldo's yard, we're just paying to be in it.
Sadly, there are too many fools who watch only Fox and believe all they say as gospel.
They have no clue about UK
Glad to know the car jacker had since enough to flee and let that baby make it home safe.
It's been a long day!!
Relaxing with Bruce!!
He always puts a smile on my face
Thank you!
GR8 day to you!
Walker assessed activities on how much staff facilitation the required when other family feedback wasn't helpful.
Hockey fights are intense!
Thank you!
RT FollowFriday Fabulous Friends
What does curating your life mean?
love it!
thx for posting!
I'm preparing to move my office downtown.
Helping with math...who knew this day would ever come.
Tessa and hold it and kiss it
...and how we imagine ourselves normal through the spectacle of their abjection
The collective noun for a group of rhinoceroses is crash or herd.
Isn't language fun?
Morning Rockstars!
I failed my way to success.
Thomas Edison
Hey!
Can I get a follow back?
Please?
I'm so glad you enjoyed it Tony!!!
Thank you so much for your kind words :
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F A FEW CLOUDS: 62F A FEW CLOUDS
Great another power play for the , will they take a shot at the goalie this time?
lol they found a crack head under the couch hahaha!!!!!!
Long day at the office, then a long night in the kitchen.
Who else preps for thanksgiving today?
:
Dueling Chainsaws seems to be the neighbourhood soundtrack today.
OMG GOP WTF?
golf does not equal health care.
mT : Obama: played 23 rounds of golf b4 inviting a woman to join
Getting dolled up ;
I'm tryna go c nd  Ibiza tonight.
Who else tryna go???
Thanks for the RT during Tchat  was an interesting topic.
you are mean, haha...that is why I only take cabs to  from the airport, lol
Somebody make me pancakes.
Freddie, teaching the fiance how twitter works, can a fan get a retweet?
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Get your Bhangra on tonight!
U.S.
Dept of Bhangra's monthly party is tonight at !
We're doing a FREE dance lesson at 9:30!!!
We're going to have some exciting news to announce soon!
Database platform changes institute new usage counts; does COUNTER account for this?
I'm sleepy af
People were eating dinner outside at Big Star in JANUARY!
Thank you for my email!
Hope to work with you soon!
Time to celebrate the sunshine with 5 Martinis all day today!
Good for all regular and specialty martinis.
googled.
its a winter squash.
butterNUT is too?
now im lost.
can i have my 1c max on days i wod?
thats what i needa kno ;
Likewise!
I didn't realize Cotelco was a joint venture between and Syracuse, very interesting stuff
good night Debbie John boy already is a sleep!
Lol
Post and comment on informative links.
Check out relevant hashtags.
Be friendly.
Hoping today is a good day, doesnt feel like it though
ola amigo.
The future is coming!!!!
someone tell me what's an Avi ???
:O
shut dat up
I don't care what Louis CK says, I'm going to smash this phone to the ground.
finally on way home..
been a long day
Congrats to at Evanston TS HS in Chicago for a huge win tonight.
Goodluck on Tues against Chi Simeon!
Keep on chuggin'!!!!
you good young brother?
What's upcoming?
Pierre McGuire  Don Cherry Seidenberg's skates just make a funny noise.
Because they are German, apparently.
can u detect if appblade professorle is not installed and tell user just that, now it says ambiguous msg that app can't be installed
Yep.
I'm in love with libraries and a big pink RAT.
Oldfashioned girl, really.
Hee.
I don't worry 'bout what other people think bout me cause it can't be half as bad as what i think of them
Obama, Republicans Ransack Reagans Record, Come Up Empty
Thanks!
; I appreciate the feedback!
RT : Football  any sport , any activity.
Still cool wid my ex girlfriend.
.
.
May all the sweet magic Of Christmas conspire To gladden your hearts And fill every desire.
bout too watch tv till i fall asleep !
Thanks, Kim!
I hope you have a wonderful week.
Stay doctor, it's raining.
Start booking your appointments now : February Special  15 off a makeup application Have a glam Valentines Weekend!
...and saying half is generous
Life is too short to waste a second, embrace it.
Take what you have and run with it!
Me and my mom singing just chillin
Yes!
How's your playoff beard?
Whenever something bad happens, it just means that something better is gonna come along
boo.
I will buy you a cup of coffee if you tell me what you don't like about Heartbroker and how to fix it.
exwife ashes maybe?
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood
I need somebody who's down for me all the time, not some time
If you can't keep the hits coming that's what happens, I also love her.
FUCK NO.
mister davis is our principle next year...
OH HELL NO.
.....Some people just need to get out of my life.
Two listings in two days.
Todays was for 1.45 million.
BoomShakaLaka, he's on FIRE!
Orchestra Software Directs New Sales with Social Media
I wish I could see the super moon..it's very over cast in NYC
Who is ready for an extraordinary day?
Tell me what you are most looking forward to today....
you and me both!
: Foster retiring because of back problems makes me feel like an old lady.
check out my latest interview for College Underground Radio!
Feedback?
Suggestions for future articles?
3 .
It was the shorts.
what channel is it in San Antonio?:
hi lil sis pia good morning love you so much my dear lil sis have a great day and take care 3
8 bit tie?
Check.
Pet shark?
Check.
I think you're ready for the FreakinCatalytic party!
I was immersed for batman and robin in 1997 and that was more than enough for me.
Back row from then on
We LOVE our local SanFrancisco fans.
Especially Changemakers, like !
Is it bad that I am ready for Lost to be over so I can focus on True Blood?
Happy memorial day every one
yeah i have it.
Its only like 1 or 2 new songs i think.
But i think its just an effort to do pr for the show also.
finally broke down and signed up for Twitter
I dislike all NY teams so I will root for the Buck tonight !
I will root for any team playing a NY team.
Then rise and grind, good sir!
it's a week later and I still have Beautiful Girls from Follies in my head.
Grrr!
In a couple years my names Gonna be on that Saints jersey.
Then I'm gonna make you bitches pay.
RT : Happy feelgood Friday!
FF other fab peeps like
Halfprice haircuts today and we DO have openings this afternoon/tonight.
614.447.2600
Hasbro audition was a callback.
Vry cool.
Was headed 2 Newport Beach 2day for some catalog thing, but punted.
Don't do The OC in rush hour.
Glad to hear you'll be working it again!
See ya there!
Wow.
Nail bitter.
I want to be playing but I must.be.productive.
What a beautiful day in Seattle!
It's starting to feel like Spring is actually here!
u n the office all by yourself m
is this who I think it is :0
Good morning Twitter!
lol I'm just kidding, can't nobody use mine's either
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend.
ALways looking for the next gadget Research and Markets: Honduras  Telecoms, Mobile and Broadband  2011: Political Interference Keeping
Good Morning Twitter!
Please don't forget to vote for me in the AbsoluteFuel contest!
The link is in my description!
Thank you!!
Cody, You are The Pan!
I know i miss you too, you should come here to maryland and visit
I'm hoping his guy brings me to sxsw I'd bug but pray for the best and let the wealth rain on us
enjoy the weather
Some stop working today, not me, busy last day of the year.
Just update reroute.it to support opentripplanner.
Now we just need an Austin instance of OTP.
Now they're saying it was a suicide call to Junior Seau's house??
That makes even less sense.
It's a cavernous cave
Always can all me at the office, see my phone number
I don't feel so well.
me too!
agh it's windows only!
I'll figure it out
please buy the Padoctors.
Thanks.
That's a pretty good deal.
I may go for that.
Just watched the Grammys..
Bruno Mars killed it !!!
Literally flawless from start to finish!
True Artists Adele PaulMcCartney!
first week of p90x 2 complete.
im on my way
If only it was nicer outside so i could read and get my tan on
Then he would think ur the clingy type lol RT : I would so pass out if I met him.
Or I'd hug him and not let go, lol.
hey can y'all go follow my GERL group its called n we Finna do a live ustream with ray ray on theph
Oh Sam Rockwell, take me away.......
honestly, how do you like living in Tremont?
...considering buying there  looking for takes from actual residents.
Poni wins it for the
nothing is 100 true
This funny and true at the same time RT : Know what else is waging a war on marriage?
Flannel pajamas.
thank you!
i mean c'mon  giving birth and raising a kid is just REAL LIFE.
::eyeroll::
Happy Mother's Day:
THIS RT : When Perry has a huge game I'm gonna remember that said Who?
about him.
Go work on your receiving skills.
Every time we have time, we shouldn't waste it
Twitter followers, y'all so sweet!!
Thank you for the Hash tag HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno I'm giving shout outs today RT This.
Up next from intel talking about how to scale social media interaction on facebook.
either your account or mine has been hacked Sorry for any inconvenience
Next I tried to ask Siri where I could order a hooker.
It thought I said I want to order a book or a cat....
OMG!
DOES IT KNOW ME?!!
Last day at Disneyland with the fam, so of course the lines are long and it's hot!
But we still have a few areas to explore.
happy Friday!
Hope it's one of the best :
That is 10 and you get about 16 worth of merch!
To recuperate from this weekend, I will need 12 hours of sleep that I'm NOT going to get.
Good Monday Morning!
I Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!
:
Privacy Iphone Screen protectors FTW!
miss my blondie!
glad to have you follow me Sarah palin is also one of my favorite people.
RT : RT : Who here is ready for matchday?
Are you ready?
Nervous?
A little bit of both?
Same goes for works of fincher ep
EL CENTRO, UNT, UTA, SMU,  THE ART INSTITUTE.
Everything about any other college, TRASH :
: The article should really have had Bob Dylan's photo since he was the one who wrote the lyrics.Very cool though.
Happy New Year!
Just so you all know...
Working on next week's savory special, and you all will be very pleased...
Yes, very pleased indeed!
;
Did I miss something?
Is the Questions tool now gone?
StopKony2012.
Spread the word.
Let's create peace.
We all can do something to help
If I started a skeptic ska band it would be called Pareidolia and the Skaptics.
why the hate on a local girl actually doing something??
Shame on you.
Thanks for the help.
Found one near Symphony!
At work thinking about alot.....
I went to the same damn school for like six freaking years
lol!
My bad.
I notice I've curbed doing that and I only skip when I have a lot of built up tension
How's everyones day going?!
: preparing.....nervously.....for my first ever TRADE show.
fish out of water!!
sigh.
Good luck!!!
Where?
Adoctorenne Maloof in the building....
LAX
Lol okay don't believe me
But, keep everyone posted in the climate change news coming out.
It is Amazing  Btw, I was sorry you lost the Presidency.
A
We'll get it there as quickly as we can!
RT : next shipment is on the way.
Woot
We haven't been this excited for a show in a long time!
All I do is win win win, no matter what.
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
yes ma'am
morning Michael
I wonder how old Cee Lo Green's hand donor was.
I'm guessing 9.
misses the days of playing red rover and catching lightning bugs.
Prom tonight!!!
Thanks to for getting me sick the day before!
Tom Brady dissing Buffalo hotels makes me wish even more that he was watching my thengirlfriend and I diddle in that La Quinta Inn in 2003
Pwahaha, u aint ever lied lol!
Ok, we got doctorke  JCole now...
who gone last?
Taking the Stanford Online course in NLP right now, it's been an interesting experiences.
Keep my inner circle tight af cuzz niggas be on some other shit
Fall back FALL BACK !
Why Groupon said no to Google's 6 billion  Business  U.S.
business  msnbc.com msnbc.msn.com/id/40574999/ns via
If you dont make a goal, Im not feeding you for the next 24 hours!!
Let's get it Rangers!
40 points off the bench 6th man of the year !
Amazing photo!
I wanna go there!
Use power to curb power.
Power is developed from within.
It's like a choose your own adventure book but instead it's Choose your own Punishment.
thanks for the link to the wild fermentation book!
just bought it
The Surgeon General says that Stress is one of the top reasons for sickness and disease.
Everybody: there's a Natural Solution for stress!
gotta visit my lady.
I am def applying at WOB!
amen amen.
Hope you are doing good.
I miss you toots!
:
im doing well..and you?
FAR TO GO by Alison Pick may gain book club traction, Cdn literary WWII Jewish family saga; reminds me a bit of FUGITIVE PIECES
Carol BurnettEveryone thinks of changing the world,but no one thinks of changing himself
anytime.
:D
the  Baba band will!
Downton Abbey fans, Dan Stevens will be joining Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of !
The Bronocos and Colts do not meet this year.
And he has a book.
I'm going to get it.
Texas Home  Garden Market Opens THIS Friday!Attendees receive a free goodie bag w/ coupons, samples  PRIZES!www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Having to try and figure out someone else's fan/A.C.
on a hot night with a hellish sunburn, should be illegal.
At least in most States.
Every time I go to speedway I always get a slushy
too bad she's too old for us though...
fuck :/ lol
If I was out shots would be on me as sweep the night 50 40 in MLB and 10 in  NBA get on the list I am working
RT : Two more days to submit recipes for our ebook, so tell your foodie friends!
Details here:...
I just use my desk as a nightstand, then again I have no earrings to lose :p
but Wright just selected by Titans.
Unless they go for Hill?
The secret ingredient in Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Cake recipe: pureed canned sauerkraut.
What?
No, it's all good.
Yeah come back to me....
Jk Fuck Off!
Contest ends midnight on Tuesday!
Good Luck!
Major thanks to the 5mTKO crew for having me as guest this week.
Enjoyed talking timbers with old skool TA!
Vote today Indiana!
Getting ready to relaunch the Kickstarter project.
In the meantime, I am looking into making an Andoctorid app.
Working with a few of the Spokane Shock players today.
Beware of spiders my friends.
Their webs are deadly.
RT NickiMinaj please com bck to twitter..we miss U
www.retronaut.co  my favorite place on the Internet right now.
Thx to all my new follwers.
Good Morning.
That's cool!
I've always wanted to go to Finland.
Yea, I live in California but wasn't born there.
;
Must sleep.
Hope I doctoram of u...
yeah, she has plenty of medications.
Her doctor prescribed them to her.
alreadytempted to bounty hunt the arsonist.
and his oddly shaped feet
LMAO RT : What's going on here????
I'm just waiting for Ashton to jump out and shout you've just been punked!
I sometimes wish I was Blonde, or I look like Ariana Grande so that Austin would like me..
I really must find more interesting things to do with my hair.
Igottadobetter :
Thanks for following!
Want a Stranger tee  Vintage Deck of cards?
Tweet DO GOOD to win!!!
glad you both are okay
I almost did that before RT : This is pretty bad.
I think I've developed a habit of depending on NyQuil to fall asleep at night
You just took our pock for the cmlounge event at Bess, thanks!
She said.
.
You ain't no good , but you feel so good.
She said..
what if I could..
but I gotta leave you alone
WORK HARD STAY FOCUSED YOU WILL WIN EVERYTIME
follow back search Boston your people I am sure like gourmet coffee
obviously we laughed through the entire recording session!
RT : If I fall, can you let me down easy.
Billy Currington
Swag template, niggas copy then they paste !!
Mighty in battle now my Victor be Death has no power when You hold the key :: Be Thou My Passion
hahah that's the stuff they are putting on tv for kids these days smh...haha and ya those babies were straight gangsta
Hurry up and read A Year in Tyr by Eric J.
Swensson, now in paperback  you'll be glad you did!
It's crazy how long girls will stick around for good sex though..
Until they find out that doesn't mean shit.
You'd think they would get a quarterback right when the lockout was over, COME ON MAN!
Man my red griffeys are done super muddy o well time to get new ones
i agree w/ this completely.
went to great public speaking workshop today  saw many examples of interactive lecture
RT well, this totally made my morning : : Happy Valentines Day, Less than three :
I'm listening to king Kong right now
Don't forget is at Walmart in Ft Wright at 11.
I'm gonna pack up the wife and kids  see my man and grab kyvan!
Thx!
RT: : hope u enjoyed the oyster tacos, gorg weather  views!
Belated FF to the amazing and talented
How was that a foul on Jeffries?
sighs Sorry, .
I don't follow until I am well amused  proper contrition has been made
Always funny to see a highly touted Norte Dame team having a tough go of it against an unheralded underdog.
Their coach had to get cute.
May the odds be ever in your favor!!
But im so hungry
: Thanks for the awesome time at OnDeck fans.
we should thank u my fellow Canadian!
Right on!
RT : Im amazed when I see these little 8 year old kids with iPhones.
You know what I had when I was 8?
Imagination
Pastor Eddie Long, one guy, possible shakedown, three men accusing him of having a sexual relationship, while n teens.
Getting interesting.
the locals at KingField welcome MURFC with open arms....Tony from the park made an effort to shake hands with everyone at practice today
Looks like XOMBI No3 is out today.
I'm gonna go learn more stuff!
Ride it, my pony!
Then ride it again!
oh yeah....it is awesome
where you at?: lol
hey Megan thanks for following us!
:
No longer can I walk around looking like nappy roots
I AM
Congratulations to mister  mister.
Kleitz.
Team Enso wishes you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
Junior Seau rejoins the Patriots
...
that if I order right then they can ship it today so that I'll hopefully get it by Fri.
Of course it didn't ship wed.
Mention The Black Out II: The All Black Gala  recieve up to 30 off all black suits, doctorsses, tux's,  accessories at Darver's Fashions
I ended up not registered after my signature got rejected in 2008!
My signature really isn't worth ANYTHING!!
;
Grohl is a GOD!
are you okay?
:c
okkay i followed
omg.
Lucky.
Hey I am curious, what is your go to restaurant in Rochester?
Just recorded some segments for 93.1 JAMZ with Fish Calloway.
I love how he always makes everyone laugh!
marketing broadly is not marketing
Hello!
Pleased to follow you!
You from NOLA or just obsessed with it like me?
anyawy best of luck ;
When experts are on Twitterthat's the best way to connect w/them.
globalclassroom came to our classroom.
Boston getittogether!
I'm done with this
RT : When you think of Seattle Celebrities who comes to mind?
Miller Lite punchtop can?
Can someone inform me why this is cool?
yeah, yeah yall got the W,but its a 7game series and my squad are those young grasshoppers learning more from each game
Last time the Pacers closed out a playoff series at home: May 4th, 2000 vs the Bucks.
miss Bacardi girl days!
Hope the promo goes well :
Thanks Hash!
RoseFestival!
What are you doing to celebrate?
I keep having too many Paradise Fears related doctorams that involve me waking up sad.
:c
Clients that pay on time, and ahead of time are the clients you want to keep.
Always nice to have a grouping of those.
:
Nature, you scary.
are you alive?
Wow that is low!
doing some test syncing of tweets from Twitter to the course website....
As barneystinson would say; this tshirt is legen...wait for it...DARY!
Check it out
What would you do without music?
Hoping to deck out my naked new Lightspeed at the Twin Cities Bike Swap this Sunday
Over 70 of our Social Media Bootcamp participants use but do not maximize Facebook for business purposes
Just got in from my show, I'm wit you brutha!
Much appreciated!
:
Busy day today.
Music video client meeting.
Luxury watch photography.
Dinner/nap.
Then we begin the 24hr film competition.
is working on programming a key for a Chevrolet Cobalt.
i triple dog dare you.
they have some yard gnome zombies eating flamingos on etsy.
i think jessica's yard really needs that :
definitely.
Thanks again.
Couldn't have accomplished so much without your help.
I absolutely love that moment when a book goes in a completely different direction than I imagined.
Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second.
Back from guitar lesson had a big Mac from Micky d's now nap time lol
N' im up out to the Car wash Behind my house..
Expect shameless, inquisitive tweets to follow.
Be blessed.
I didn't bring my book to school today.
Now what am I supposed to do for an hour?
Thank you!
: once again.
You are fabulous.
I thought i couuld be strong threww this but i just need someone too cry and talk too...
...
and maybe making funding more interesting is a very good thing.
We agree on that.
Barack spent all night tonight reading his jobs bill.
I asked him how far he got and he said, Let me be clear, I got about two pages in!
Day 3 of no caffeine: tired.
Go figure.
Thinking about no liquids other than water all of next week.
...and now Lubick has two fouls, but it looks like he's staying the game.
1511 Georgetown leads
Nothing in Tahoe RT : Didn't feel it RT : USGS: 5.2magnitude quake in E California, W of Reno
Stuck in traffic!
smashing pumpkins afternoon
Just got done watching the CBJ game, still get goosebumps seeing out there in the final 3 minutes!
THS SAT.
WINDYCITY SOLE SUMMIT 2230 S.
Michigan 125pm all ages.
BUY SELL N TRADE YOUR SNEAKERS.
TICKETS SOLD AT DOOR 10
whats up man!
Stay tuned...
Your love is like bad medicine.
Bad medicine is what I need.
;
Mark Twain
so Beautiful
that sucks balls dude!
lol!
Go to sleep,twitter isn't right for you haha
So stoked!
First album sounding awesome!
2 months in the making.
Almost done.
2012 should be something!
:
Yeah, but what jersey will he be wearing?
Np.
I'm pretty sure that's due Monday as well :
But spaghetti is so easy to make!
Brew City 4 Life and Bee Bus Line...lol.
Make you feel my love by adele on repeat.
What techniques do you use to get your ADD/ADHD child to pay attention?
Currently wondering how flexible the term recommended dosage is.
rest, sweet crow
WOW!
That was...
Amazing.
Looking for some new dubstep recos, share 'em if you got 'em...
edt246 i liked how his family joined the cause helping him to read, forming a new community of practice around that instead of appalachia
Since when is washing your hands after using the bathroom optional?
I'm Vic.
you are?
I also wonder how much patience users have for dealing with that kind of an interface on the web.
making a tumblr account, i have no idea how to use it /
Come to the NYC zombie prom June 9 with GWAR and enter to win a page from the walking dead comics.
A real hand doctorwn pg from Charlie Adlard
how good is this little gem of a wine/cheese shop?
tasting here  Le Ragnaie Chianti is killing it
was BOMB at CEO Space today
3 days to go...
People are always calling me asking for advice On anal sex.
successfully was in the sun for 3 hours today without getting burnt.
thanks indian river for getting me tan
i am going to love this tweet ing when i head out to cali.
Congrats Jessica!!
We can't wait for you to come in!!
All day, all night I got the lights in my eyes and I'm falling for you keep cool, stay young I'm just having my fun wit the lessons in love
great meeting tnite!
thanks for all who came.
stay tuned for more details about thursday night and monday's trip.
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA ,A CHATEAR LATINO
Up early making breakfast
I KNOW
Coffee Stout hangover remedy is not coffee.
Its Follow friday!!
Check out our friends
Ran into some random guy with a shirt on today!
He had it signed by What a cool kid :
oh abraham.
Ru serious?
You guys could pull diamonds out of your ass u r so up tight.
Who does he hate?NAACP pres says not a racist.
they just don't understand simple economics.
Something is only worth what someone will pay for it.
The name of the has been spoken aloud on Twitter three times.
He shall now appear!
Happy CincoDeMayo!
Stop by Beta for one of our tequila cocktails like La Santa Maria w/ jalapeno  pineapple infused reposado!
vert jump, 40 dash, pro agility,bench press or push up then punt pass kick
So excited to be part of the band All the Little Pieces!
Rehearsing a lot and getting ready for some shows and recording soon!
yes im excited : i miss him soo badly, well you know the feeling.
Really blessed and loving life.
lets talk
No way!
Julie Chen is not out!
U r crazy!
is he wearing a suit on his face?
How are we all getting down there?
Do you know?
Got the break room rocking
No not right now.
Keep following us and we will tell u when: what do you mean?
Just listen to the radio?
Like now?
For example, Ray Bradbury's biographer is going to be here Wednesday at 7pm to rock the house.
was amazing tonight in miami!!
She did a full performance that blew me away!!!
Love you Taylor 3
The President assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
RIP MCA.
You've changed the world and will be remembered.
I have to get mentally prepared to study for finals and finish reviews
I miss you a lot.
Sometime, most of the time, I don't show it.
But I hope you know my heart breaks everytime I breathe
Yep!!
I've seen that too with the gas prices in Green Bay!!
It's crazy!!
You really can't go anywhere anymore!!
agreed.
Even a small investment in Jan wld hv helped.
Wonder if that was reason for changes in front office.
One reason we don't pray as if everything depended on God is because we don't believe it does.
Had a Great training session with , a few more days till his fight every1 check it out May 15th
A quote for the day: come on though, you can't tell me Bill Gates doesn't have some Apple stock
: Off to Austin!
Woopy Do.
Valentines Day.
What good thing did you do for yourself today?
Don't forget to push that chair back and breathe once in a while
I love shows with ridiculously hot women.
Settle down.
that's dope, super nice chef
OK I will do that
Most people only see what they want to see.
Unless told otherwise...
Any day!
Cant you almost smell it?
Today on HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu,Yogurt Rice, Asparagus Poriyal and Fish Kulambu.
At 12:30 on MPTV 10.
o damn!!!!
That was your blunt..
I thought I got lucky.
I found it the other day cleaning.
I was like
That's what I'm thinking based on resources.
A weekly blog is probably the most that will occur and FB to fill in
A poor man's hovel is another, wealthier man's tax shelter
Aaron Koppel Quartet's Falling Together Falling Apart is on the Grammy Awards Nominating Ballot for Jazz Instrumental Album, please vote!
t.r.u.
women too!
If you live to love you will love to live Leonard Chitunhu
Your what?
Tin roof, rusted!
Have some fun tonight at home with the B52's Live in Athens tonight on MPTV 10 at 10:30pm.
Screw the growing up.
Suh needs jail time!
Guess I can do my hair...a silk wrap w/feather curls would be cute
Real RCY tho all we had was each Otha I swear
Scallops make any Sunday better!
Note to self: Never ride with :0
that looks so yummy without the eggs lmfao
I'm going with Punk, Cena, Taker
The enemy of good is great.
.
is there a reason why the banner image shows up as two photos some of the time and for other photos it only shows part of it?
InCaseYouDidntKnow Schools Almost Over :
the bands 1st guitar player Guy Davis is moving to Oregon!
we wanna wish him all the best Guy played with the band from 2007 to 2010
RT : That works SWELL for me.//I'm in stitches envisioning the ways a sombrero can be decorated.
Hey!
They actually make me look good!
I have a horrible memory!
On the menu today: commonplace books, poetic miscellanies, and chocolate covered almonds.
But not at the same time, of course.
Hopefully EXCITING!!
; RT : who thinks OscarFashion will be boring?
exciting?
predictable?
Recipe please!
how u doing im doing better
El Bulli: Cooking in Progress will open 7/27 !
PPR and Community Community Screening licenses available same day!
Hi I don't know what happened...completely forgot about twitter for a couple months.
School Was Kinda Fun.
Now Its Time To Eat MidDayMunchies .!
Okay, that made me laugh.
I want to win the contest you're proposing.
O, look, I did!
RT Allow yourself just one struggle today, so you can go past it and float through the day with ease and amusement.
I should've lasted longer with my boyfriend, now ima be one of those singles that ask themselves out on Facebook on Valentines Day...
Hope you put them in their place.
Haha
: Wow!
Nice car, mister Duroseau.
Somebody should STEAL that jawn...
nice
Wheres is the good in goodbye?
summer ill miss u...
wait..how does the school know u skipped
all about the money and the bigger market plus he will never win a title with svg
Yay!
Let's plan another Brewer outing for this season.
At least one.
didn't tell me her abilities
I hear you Nate.
That's why we can't put all our Social Media eggs in one basket ;
If I have one bottle its Shiraz, if I have two do I have Shirazi?
Shirazes?
I don't want to know, I'm going with Shirazi no matter what.
Also,new covers is coming this month!!So excited to get all this started!
Shunt'e!
dude its to ealry for you to be screming at the top of my street go back to bed
or do you like this orange best?
Damn you whole foods!
I knew there was a catch.
I'm totally on the next plane.
see you in 16.
Could someone explain to me how Free Fallin' is number 68 on Spotify's Top 100 in Sweden?
jeez I didn't know you hate me that much
You.
Me.
Elf.
Next october.
It's on.
We are excited about our CTC forum this Thursday, May 3rd, featuring CA52 candidates: Scott Peters, Lori Saldaa, and Brian Bilbray!
please, please write this rant.
I want to reference it when attempting to set expectations.
had so much fun clubbing last night 
Thank you Shannon!
: I'm gonna miss u to!!
: clear discharge no fever, sneezing, itchy eyes in spring usu.
allergies if fever,phlegmy discharge, maybe infection latism
Raise your hand if you ...
want to raise your hand.
I am so sick of hearing about the Dallas Cowboys already!!
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero :
Somebody in my office is walking around whistling Crocodile Rock.
Tickets for JUNE 30th Extreme RETURNS 6/30 at the Armory in Philly WILL BE AVAILABLE ON SALE tomorrow starting at 9am CASH SALES ONLY!
So tired!
Starbucks' GlutenFree Valencia Orange cake is surprisingly yummy!!
create a Flickr group for members to submit photos
confusing!
but i fixed the tweet ; thanks!
That awkward moment when you go to kick something, and you miss.
What is this challenge, how many burpees do you have to do in that time?
Wish I was seeing at tonight.
Something tells me I'll still find a way to have a good time.
Watched far too many interviews of today.
Came to realize that I have neglected there albums far too much lately.
Time for change!
live 10pm at DAR in Washington, DC tonight  ROW 4 in the center!!
So excited, hope she brings me or my fiance on stage!!!
I represent, where them killas hang 3rd Ward Calliope projects we got our own thang
: Love with no action is love with no meaning.
Aww, thank you!
You are so sweet!
:
Rappers are good at fishing because they know how to use a hook.
Rebels thought they fooled Obama by making false claims of indiscriminate killing when it was proved that less than 3 were civilians.
Happy February!
Can you believe our first month of 2012 is already over?
It's about time to start planning your spring trip to Plano!
We are excited too.
Don't tweet much but good to see you here.
LUV
Thanks to for paying us a visit!
Madness I say, madness!
.
reports fastest plausible trip: Good Hope/Naylor to Anacostia Lib in 1:58.
21.94 mph down massive hill.
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve  bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
hopefully she'll give me an extra day 
This new season of Mad Men is alot like third love.
Help me.
ok how do I do it
aw that's sweet but none for me??
jk
I heard niggas was mad because they aint get nominated for the categories in our yearbookYOU MAD???
Barney with the big knock.
Afraid to lie near the window.
I don't want to see Elmira Gulch or any flying cows out there, much less meet members of the Lollipop Guild.
Search for ASTD EVENTS in app store
Keep it a 100 wit u niggas actin like females
I Love Steampunk and Love the Great Inventions and Ideas out there but seriously...
why are you so hard to doctorw!!!
I hate this class....
awesome!
Giving this all full attention after crazy valentines is done!
Ha.
School will be the death of me.
I NEED CHOCOLATE!
So glad to hear that the 17 yr old girl hit by an SUV in Hermitage while catching her bus is going to be OK broken arm and hip injuries
I will agree with you there Diana.
It was a great to hear your insight on Fox.
Gonna revamp our music page this week and work on another remix.
Should be a fun time!
perfect.
And I can crash there when I want since I live downtown too : haha
I remember a time when 30 of Walmart makeup could cover all the zombies...
Totally Agree!
RT : DTC is da BOMB.
Basically, read everything she has ever written.
You won't be disappointed.
there's no place like home!
Plenty of good options out there but all I can say is the Duluth is a pleasure to own.
Well worth the cash outlay.
Hell yeah I like it too :
Oh your welcome!!:
At gym, good thing someone forgot their bodywash
Hey Jay...
where in New England did you grow up?
I'm from the North Shore of Massachusetts.
Hey Washington, listen up: please, for the love of God, don't start any more vast projects with halfvast ideas.
We've got enough problems.
I kinda like how she's on the downlow right now.
I think she does, too.
:D She'll be back with a hit.
I never realized how racist this movie was..lol
OMG R U kidding Me?
The novel is just days away from completion
Music fairy just appeared outside my window playing Harry potter on the violin.
Find a way not an excuse.
Emphasize this every day.
Simply do not accept excuses.
Good morning everyone!
Who else had that one pen with a 4 colors, and tried to push all the buttons at once.
I would do it, but YOU don't follow me :p
I am so disappointed A Game of Honor didn't record properly.
I hope it records tomorrow.
Ugh I hate when I see something and it makes my stomach feel like its doctorpping to my feet!
Get your tickets to Wicked at the Plaza, and spend an extra 5 on a scary movie TOMORROW!
plazaclassic.com
I wonder if I should make generic 4 chord pophouse tracks for vocalists...
yes Claude I really want it.
Im gonna get it:
nope , Merion mercy academy : get at me , bro !
Lol : I felt as if I belonged there and the best school so yeah :
laying down watching Tosh.O
I cant decide whether to go to Temple for
Excited For New Jonas Album 12
Isn't there an entire circle reserved for ALL senators?
fifty shades for the guineas?
Last night's scary kid moment: text from 14 yr old son right after school: Do we have any condoms in the house?
Thanks for staying connected to the network that works in 2010 we are looking forward to 2011 starting up with 3 million RapTV members
ah cant watch grammys damn i cant stop watching wish i was on it :
Come brave the snow and shop our Odds and Ends Sale!
Everything in the sale is 3050 off!
pshh that 98.5 station was NOTHING compared to KROV!
Was it just me, or was like 80 of it commercials?!
RT : when do you arrive in chicago and ???
get ready to get your doctornk on with me tonight!
Follow me back!
is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
The Vanilla Raspberry Wheat did need a blowoff tube.
Only thing was the one I had was not air tight.
Luckily, I had a backup.
I love Jay Leno's
I saw the montage a couple months ago that included the Pack.
Sucks if they got rid of it
Which video/page isn't captainoned?
I know I'm crazy, but shouldn't we find it refreshing that the BCS committee has an allergy to making money?
My dad made it through Irene unscathed, but he said that the Hudson and Mohawk Rivers are the highest he's ever them.
ROMNEY DID NOT INVENT STAPLES BUT HE FIRED A STAPLER ONCE
Foot cramps are the actual worst things in the world!
So many things to get done in the next week and I don't even know where to begin.
San Diego Police Department knew 15 years convicted sex offender Arevalos was sexually assaulting women.
Cops  DA did nothing to protect
Word of the day: polyamory  participation in multiple and simultaneous loving or sexual relationships
the pictures are just too important
Jazzup song for the day: Helix Nebula by
i keep a list to remind me where my notebook is.
At Columbia in NYC to watch the Documentary DEMAND: An End to Trafficking.
: Get those extra servers ready.
The trade is about to go nuclear on you.
Settle down big homie
sponsor'n some dope little league teams...
soccer moms will screw face...
They introduce the jockeys the way they introduce the football players on Sunday night football.
Love it!
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
sex is not the answer to all of life's problems...
sex is the question!
yes is the answer!
and i always have the right answer...
Re: On offense  Do it 27 days from now  see if U set them off again.
Timing is everything ;
So in love with the Too Faced Natural Eye palette right now 
I can laugh at my own past :
Life without caffeine is really.....
that hurts :
A view from our kitchen window: October 3
Awesome!
Love you amiga!
Thanks B.
Glad I took your advice.
you better not forget about the people in Indiana now that you moved.
oh yes on friday!
: tahaha NO!
jk :
yep I love muzic an football
RT : My 2 yearold just called an overpass a mountain.
Native Houstonian.
Come on down!
The coffee's ready!
RT : On my way
This guy RT : 90 people wets the toothbrush after applying the paste.
no sir, I have some other things going on today.
Hope you have fun!
At Carnival Chicago Tech w/ The show is going to be bananas.
Come celebrate dance tonight at Joes!
Haven't heard Never Let You Go in so Long !
:
ima always show da attention u need : 
My 19 year old brother has hot friends.
bro this new south park is hilarious lol
this year needs to be over...
so it can be our turn to run this damn school
Away from Denver but nice to have a few minutes to listen online to and on talk to
Hey Patrick, are you mad?
Yeah.
Why?
Can't see my forehead......
Hahah gets me everytime
Thank you for visiting this evening, and welcome to Chicago.
I leave on June 16, which is far too soon.
So much to do.
I hope your grading and endofterm work goes smoothly.
Summer plans?
then message me on facebook, because i would like to know.
Just when stuff starts to look bad
What happened to that promise you made me?
Nuthin sweeter than u, KTG!
RT : Always a crazy time at ...
and ...
All those sweets!
I can't!
Just read synposis of 's hockey movie Hit Somebody.
Isn't Seann William Scott in flick called Goon w/ EXACTLY same plot?
that was, I think, what one of the comments suggests, that the author was given an ultimatum to get traffic or move on.
Dominating : And it looks like startupgrind is too!
Glad ur happy bo!!!!
RT: Its feels good to be loved  happy
First sweep of the season
My first Romance Novel....Lost Lady by Jude Devereaux....I was hooked there after.
Not one of her books I haven't read to date!
NFL Rumors: Updates and Info on No.
4 and No.
8 Pick  Bleacher Report
When nobody wants to be in class until your teacher says I need volunteers for a party and you'll get mad credit if you do
I'm so happy I get to start my academic internship with next week.
Hello Fellow bikers.
I have been building bikes for 20 years.
Have a look www.spcarbon.com bicycle carbon fiber road bikes
you should eat your prizza on your broat or jetski...
that would be cool
When will I become popular enough to have a fake twitter of me?
It can give out fun cleaning tips.
I wanna go out and do something else aside from laying down and doing nothing
SchoolMemories getting good report cards
game day pumped up !!!!
Let's go giants !!!
Thought for the day: Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty.
Anyone who keeps learning stays young.
The greatest thin
Glee  Black or white
Sketched up a web page wireframe on my iPad using Adobe Ideas.
I can use it as a template for some quick design ideas with clients.
Fuck you Eli Manning so much more hatred now then I did before last night I hate him more then Peyton.
NBPA will hold a mandatory meeting tomorrow to update player reps on next steps since they wont be accepting the owners offer.
Sorry I was too agrivated yesterday to post yankee gold glove winners...oh wait, there were none.
: new shirt should be nick Johnson's stash.
I concur.
Beautiful day today!!!
Enjoying cocktails with the friends on 3rd Ave in Bayridge!!
It's because we fear we're not as good as we sometimes think we are and one day the world will discover the awful truth!
I've got my fingers crossed for you.
Hope the damage estimate isn't too high.
The better part of one's life consists of his friendships.
A Commitment to Honor: A Unique Portrait of Abraham Lincoln in HIs Own Words, 76
That terrible moment when you're enjoying a burrito and suddenly it's crunchy.
Thank you for the support!!
Talk to me when it gets 40 C there like it will here tomorrow.
J202 Remember if you use all your good jokes in the practice, have new ones in the final presentation.
so tired.
been cleaning since late last night.
my house is going to be the central locale on this grad weekend.
Party in full swing!
I'LL make my job at publix fun so I'll make money  not have a shitty time.
In exams, we look up for inspiration, down for desperation, left and right for information
You know you want CURRY for DINNER...the only question is LAKEVIEW or the LOOP!!!
If we don't win for these kids, then we gotta get real.
We gotta come prepared to fight more, says
lol just woke up
you have an army of doggelgangers.
ha ha you need to tweet those actors/actresses and see if you can be an extra in it!
ha
who says I DON't have feathered hair?
Hello to you as well!
SERIOUSLY!
Marc sounds like he has downs, I don't even follow Eric, and Jared team hops as much as he changes his underwear.
Linking to outside sites is a huge change for us
Incredible D tonight for Milwaukee so far and the Twin Towers aren't even in yet.
you mean you aren't moving back????
:
nebraska is bringing the rukus!
Don't be hating!
make sure yall go download skyyjones 2 just released today
Spread the word about the Alliance Facebook page.
Encourage your friends to like us!
I think with any of these types of things there has to be care taken before bashing a point of view
AGP IS NOW PUTTING TOGETHER BEATS FOR THIS MIXTAPE WE NEED YALL TO CONTACT US ASAP 7047284808
For the same reason I think of you every time I see a 40oz...
Yes i do fill like i could be a freak!
It been a long time 4 me!
FinancialBreeze planted seeds yesterday.............!
that's so nice!
What's everyone thinking on this Chiefs doctorft?
Decastro?
Kuechly?
Trade Down?
Trade up?
Let our time expire  be the renegade of the doctorft?
Just a reminder that we will be closed tomorrow for the holidays  Monday July 4th.
We hope to see you on Tuesday when we reopen!
i know right!!!!
NSN3D is getting better when u keep seeing it!!!!!!
ive seen it 20 times already!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reunited and it feels so good!!
What really struck me this year were the number of picture books by AfricanAmerican celebrity authors  25
Its time to release the beast!..
Where the eff is my Monster?!
We do that too, lol!
Sad, wish more docs would at least have them try it for 30 dayswhat is the harm?!
Getting batteries for my watchesTime will be ticking away soon
TwitterLogic RT : Everytime I don't see the game we lose
that's right!
Damn I'm just catching up on more tv news.
Looks like I lost 3 more shows PAN AM, RINGER, and THE RIVER.
I'm going to stop watching tv :/
ok im done with that
Although going to the gym would have been great, watching Gilmore girls was satisfying.
:
Congrats to the Murray State Racers for punching their ticket to the big dance!
good wheels make all the difference.
Weight, aerodynamics, more giddyup!
3 3
Faithful follower on twitter and xm, please sign me up for the S3.
doctorve home flipping thru the radio, 104.3 was playing Ja Rule...
needless to say I didn't change the station
Happy Holidays from the mphoria team!
One of those days.
I noticed there's no print function in Wave.
:
If Yanks sign both Ibanez and Chavez is Nunez out ?
This sucks!
Yes, Only Loaf Can Break Your Heart
My good buddy wrote this terrific play.
Please share/retweet and go see it this week!
ahahaha you stalker;
Want to make quick, easy cash?
BookHolders is hiring on the spot!
Come in to the store today!
.
Legal pot's pretty popular.
As for crack advocates, why should they be only activists to advertise their unpopularity?
yaaaay: love you too dear
not positive on where I'm going to go next, probably 92nd and Beloit though!
Omg this got me soo excited lol
don't share your twitter id and Password any one, any site, if you give may be it hack by another person.so be careful.
Great job today !!
I'm wasted  this is a bad fit.
Stay the course CLE: Indians are already very lefthanded.
Johnny Damon is one more lefty bat.
What do you think of Walmart being in Bellevue?
you sure missed it!
Let's get together with Wes soon to discuss the rough cut.
always had a soft spot for the early Ez of the teens  20s, the Pound era.
He was downhill all the way from there, alas x
I own too many yellow accesories
so true so true.
Heavy is the head, Lisa...
Hah : How are things in Oz?
Wow.
smallbizchat is 3 years old!
I've only been tweeting a year.
The wyman smells so bad today 
um, this conference has free coffee.
love.
Last few moments of glory?
Lets be serious hahahaha
where the heck are you ?
COME ON BARDUEX IM WAITING !!
just pulled into office !!
Lololol I crack myself up
At the Ricoh arena listening to former 400m european, commonwealth  world championship gold medallist
John's Homemade Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Ice Cream is done.
OneThingIDontLike stupid people
Great to see you at iabcseattle Morning Manager at Microsoft store.
Looking fwd to on 18th!
copy and paste haha lol help me
private insurers demanded doubledigit premiums increases every year.
I HATE allergies!
I'm miserable today!
Melo realizes that STAT isnt reliable
Yes without help, just saying he's not gonna stop rondo from doing his thing all the time  i beleive ET will get Ray?
miss you so much!
Wendy, thanks for the follow!
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
Hope your day gets better!
our producer described us as Metallica meets Queens of the Stone age, we're okay with that haha
I had a good time at MingleMondays.
My brothers always take good care of me.
I love you guys
listofTurnons A great personality...
Ha ha ha jk
Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs in a movie?
That should be really good!
absolutely no one on the fucking face of God's green earth!!!
your funny
TUNE IN Radio Freedonia on WTJU TONIGHT at 11pm as members of invade our studios to spin heady jams and talk nonsense
no excuses.
just have to step up.
a hockey team with their backs against the walls is a dangerous thing.
I already did
If you have a hangover today, it is the world's way of letting you know that you aren't really Irish.
Gordon Beckham swings at ball 4  5.
Good job asshole...
no way!
I'm not some lowclass alcoholic!
Pfffttt!
eh nothing good on tv tonight.
And at least we can all agree Aliens is great, even if it's not the favorite
Do you think the alternative slogan for Getting Lucky in Kentucky was Let's Fk in Kentuck?
Commitment to a big doctoram always brings reinforcements.
Awful busy today, can this wait till tomorrow?
Corruption is not necessarily tied to the people that make up the government, but the institution itself.
m good morning
well heck I,m so proud of you Sara your just so sweet  healthy I think your trending very well ..haha
You and the rest of your crew need to come to NYC and have a workshop :
Ok then
Do not use a highgloss glazed tile in rooms that are prone to get wet such as bathrooms or kitchens cuz of the slippery nature of this tile
I've been getting really good cod parking lately.
no, i forgot all about it.
we should look into going next month though.
i'm still interested too.
Thanks for sharing  have a great weekend
I would like to add turn off the light to that SHUT THE DOOR recording.
I would say the global message of all ads on this bus is CONTROL diabetes, terrorism  the flu.
But then there's the wmata ad.
still too much to do.
sometimes i really want to just stay planted
Reading reading reading writing reading reading...
i would really love a king missle reunion show!
First night was cool!
Seen my old hoes!!
Had a great time!
21sr century librarian help people navigate info ecosystem; 20th century librarians were gateways to information.
sure, Wednesday?
JustRemeberThat I will always be here for you no matter..
unless your a slut
This is a great site on LGBT related news and the Arab world.
Thank you for sharing
Been watching Parenthood on Hulu and it's been making me cry, though I was probably an easier target than usual today.
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
Warren Buffett
My reaction to THE AVENGERS?
I saw it 3 times on opening weekend and plan to see it again this weekend.
Thanks for the segment.
Need more creative thinking 2b successful in business according 2 D.
Pink.
Interesting 2 me b/c teach dyslexic kids.
We pride ourselves on customer service.
How was your recent experience with ?
I have no shirt to put on today 
: Vision is not enough; it must be combined with venture.
It is not enuff to stare up the steps; we must step up the stairs.
Coach payne is at my school.!
see I'm the chick that didnt think Robin hood prince of thieves was good either.
It s the one everybody disqualified, that God calls to the front of the line.

What sort of items are you trying to have appraised?
The link requires a login.
right?
Inspiring on so many levels.
i will when i get home!
3
Got to agree w/ Bill on a broader level, tho I def listen to music from that TH period more often.
Love Talking Heads!
: I call u hoe lol RT : Got blue doctoram in my blunt...wanna smoke no you didnt
Got my trippy kit ready!
Off to party with and !
Having to take a cold shower
Just saw a Benz priced at 299,995, and thought, Hm, one tire could probably pay for a year of UT for my son...
man you are so beautiful ;
My apartment seats 8 comfortably but there's not one person in their seat, standing room only!!!
HOOK'EM HORNS!!!
currently listening to: Beatallica rehearsal demos....
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
Lounicorn!!!
You're using twitter!
And playing the JCard game!
I miss you!!!
Yep, same one!!
my mom hasnt given me and answer yet!
:/ but I dont think it's going to happen, since I have finals all that week
I Think More Women Would Talk To You If You Stop Introducing Yourself As Cool Breeze
wow.
Thats great.
And yeah very fast.
What do u like about Denver?
Besides me.
:P
some of us appreciate the realness
Cheeps 2 weeks in advance....
RT: : Tonight: Heading to Juilliard at 8 to hear trombonist 's recital.
not sure if I told you but my bday was awesome.
I'll try to write you soon or something.
i wanna see
Lol, I said this once and I'll say it again.
That case sent bad messages to the world about abuse in general.
LeBron has to take the last shot...
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Teleconference and Webcast
...
Justin V.
Plays 4 the  Detroit Tigers
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate  Sweets.
Why?
Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS.
Mind  Blown.
I'm sorry....did you say something?
;
You may have history with her but you have chemistry with me.
And now I cry...
because I understand now.
I say love, it is a hunger.
An endless aching need...
UH YEAH SMH RT...do yall think its wrong to like other people while your in a relationship??
thanks : lol did you do the sonnet ?
I know me and are bout to!
I need that 640 million haha
full night of sleep is a pipe doctoram anymore.
Happy birthday to sam and grace.
11 today and a blessing!
Its impossable to write a story during school when You Da One by is stuck in ur head!
Why was I soo tired today?
is that a pickle?!
RT Ditto!
It's on mobile devices, too!
I'll be watching on my iPad at the office!
Agreed!
Gonna go crazy..
Primary elections are around the corner.
We interviewed the mayoral candidates!
Check it out at www.kylexingtoncommons.org
You're a little behind, its 52
and you kissed me like you meant it.
and I knew, that you meant it.
Amazon doesn't pay taxes, preys on publishers, destroys the book industry.
What else?
gotta be a center and guard.
Thanks for the folo and your common sense!
Spring has ARRIVED!!!
ok follow me too please
Off To School!
:
work, work, and more work
Find a fabulous fit TODAY, Saturday May 5: Shoes in womens sizes 10.513 and mens sizes 1416 at 3050 off regular prices.
You would copy us, copygram.
You would.
;
No Newt is good Newt?
Not here yet.
Lots of Palm Beachers.
don't we all ..
I wish I could've gotten it on video.
The guy sounded like a horse.
Now off to see , Denise  Carly...gonna b a GR8 night w/ more GR8 friends who r really family too :
Vincent IT completed eBook application for IOS to provide custom made book reader as Apple's app iBook.
It has all features like iBook.
One
Loving everyone from this show and the show.
everything is most excellent!
:
Spray paint and fedoras.
Must be time for Halloween in
I wonder if I have hw.....idk.....how can I check?????leaves me wondering
switch90 is one of many scammers..
beware!
Start your weekend off right!!!!
10 off by mentioning Twitter or FB at misterBill's.
Offer excludes cigars, tobacco products  Kratom.
It's just a jump to the left!
Anyone want to go skin up alpental tomorrow?
dhtrial someone said I think  was she happy man emerged from the room who I saw with the parties earlier.
Such an early morning!
wowza!
result of bedtime at 11pm!..yes 7am is early for me...
Are you going to see Cinematic Titanic at this weekend?
Valet park at Beta and stop in for a cocktail before the show!
if its not success, it didn't catch my eye.
sawry.
Thank you mister Gordon!
We hope to see some of your work in the festival this year.
Did you photo come yet?
You would think if I got mine you'd have yours by now.
i love your chocolate and am inspired by your story.
There should be a coffee table book of the stuff people do to the posters in the subway station.
Best pop art I've seen in yrs.
sorry can't help you on that
happy birthday!
I just ousted Obama as Mayor of Our Nation's Capitol
Bobby Light brings the heat!
FromThisDayForward I shall go out into the world and make a change!
No.
I lied, I'm gonna continue stalking Justin on my computer.
Feeling inspired.
Art time it is
I'm so sad bout Whitney.i want 2 say Gone too soon but i no: our steps are ordered by the lord..
whitney Elizabeth Houston  Well Done!
RIP
the bulls game is on dog.
It's been good Tennessee...
Heading to Florida tomorrow!
Time to get my tan on :
you are sending me the same message over and over
That's dope, she'll love it!
And I will hide you when it gets too rough.
I'll be right beside you.
Dang half of our City smells like delicious BBQ.
I will be on QA Sat2pm?
Just arrived in Las Vegas.
So excited for ASW12!
Thanks for seeing it that way, instead of as a sign of creeping insanity...
:
thanks :D
Ain't Nobody Got Time For That....
gtg to damn skool...it should b an illegal form of torture
NowPlaying My favorite Zoe Wants to Sleep vs.
The Nice Day Only one can win!
What2ChainzWouldSay My Phone I got mad hoes  Long Like a jews nose Got 10 Fingers  10 toes yo Season Over Like Derrick Rose
aww your perfect.
So perfect.
8
Would surprise me if UCLA can get Peterson from Boise St.
for 3 mill a year considering he turned down same  from Stanford a year ago.
good morning!
Trayvon's mom.
Wow.
What a courageous and admirable woman.
My heart breaks for her.
HappyMothersDay to my mom and all the beautiful angel mothers in heaven!
Xoxo
bot to wake tha kids up!!!
Tomorrow's issue features a special eight page section for the 's 120th anniversary.
You don't want to miss it!
hit his own trainer man!
Heavy weight division needs something to light it up.
This might be it
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Hey...prayers to R Kelly..he is in Chicago as you know, and had surgery yesterday, just announced here locallay.
fur real doe bro  Honestly man/woman that really happened and I couldn't believe it GhettoTranslations
some nice places will give you a shoulder massage and paraffin hand treatment.
Place next to my office gives free champagne!
I LOVE One Direction, But that Niall is Defiantly my Favorite3 he's Just So Cute :
I'm married to such a doctoramer.
Always have to bring him back to reality.
Good thing I'm crazy about him.
for sure :
I go there all the time, but I'm in canton.
There are no other close options I walk to except canton sq or royal farms
What grade is your daughter teaching in Hamburg?
seriously i dont think i can study anymore honestly fuck it
if I did, it was unintentional.
I don't watch Seinfeld
Am I the only one who thinks Peyton made a horrible decision going to Denver?
Was San Fran not a perfect fit?
Glad to hear it.
Thought you'd find hipsterville amusing....
Roll Tide!!!
There's nothing quite as exhausting as 12 hours at a hospital.
Unless of course, it's 24 hours at a hospital.
Sigh.
Perfectly timed w/ the MadMen return, we're throwing a retro bash on May 17 at our new theatre.
He's so corny and cute, I like him lol :
it's ok I'm just givin you shit lol, but I'm well just tryin to take over the world ya know
haha I feel like I've gained but today a friend who hasn't seen me since I was 135 said I looked thinner so...maybe not :P
there are ans in Dallas?
that would actually be quote amaing :D
We've received many questions on how to achieve a balance in life, so we'll use puzhentips.
Feel free to join the discussion!
We have added new video games to our arcade!
Come in and win the best prizes in Houston!
pool is open :
Oh Man...
The opportunities that have been presented to me, are being SEVERELY CAPITALIZED upon...
GOD is AMAZING....
Never laugh at anyone's doctoram.
People who don't have doctorams,don't have much
Why do you do this to yourself?
Wtf
Our fans get it.
Much love to all of you.
I'll go back on my other account  :
Late night thinking about this one life, chances  choices....
Oh the things I want....and want to do.
Listening to on my doctorve home from work.
Listening to Whisper right now.
Check it out on iTunes and youtube
how can i help our veterans from my home please thank you
Why is it that when tv announcers say DBacks it sounds like dbags.
I think its funny.
Say it yourself.
You'll see.
i may look innocent but do you really think thats true.?
Today in Blues History: doctor Isaiah Ross recorded Country Clown and doctor Ross Boggie in Sun recording Studios on November 29, 1951.
Leaders must know where they are going if they expect others to willingly join them on the journey.
Kouzes  Posner, Leadership Challenge
Friday the 13th
Thank you for the link love re: FRG!
Man, I love you.
RT : Our bags are packed.
Looking forward to seeing many of you at the booth 320, Tim Lott is speaking Friday.
just watched shutter island last night man!
I thought it was pretty good!
Some folks might feel threatened I guess, but many just believe it's immoral and that laws should defend morality.
Rain rain go away thats what all my haters say.
PrincessCiera
er, in torrance
Is it seriously possible to be as sick as I am.
I thought super moms don't get sick.
We work, we wipe, we bathe.
We don't get sick, dammit.
aww, tell mama von philbinhausen I say happy mother's day!
Loving my hometown of Milwaukee aka doctornkest city in USA but missing my Lawrence bros
Thanks 4 the Cuban intro class :D
Thankful QT : Thanks girl!
Yours too!
RT : cute avi!!
See you at !
RT : I am tags biggest fan!!
I can't wait to see him in long beach..our first time  that course!
Scientists concluded in a study that men who are under the influence, but not legally doctornk, were faster and more creative then when sober.
Just beat in rock, paper scissors in front of people enjoying their chipotle, they stopped and applauded for the winner.
How's that ass holdin up?
...and tweeted about it at the same time!
Thanks for the mention!
Did you like the show?
Need some new sounds
Just like these hoes for everybody oomf is for everybody too
yes!
I'm going to be more active.
I've been going through a lot this semester.
I finally got my grades back from England!
just tuned in and so what my Seminoles are doing,and damn,that too freaking awesome.go noles.
Don't know yet, but probably.
KJ safe, MM in jeopardy.
Can't imagine WL will be the other one in jeopardy.
Ugh.
Listening to the audio book The Greatest Networker that Ever Lived.
Excellent book!
i want and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
:
SometimesIGetsickof always being angry.
.
RT : Still feeling the high of last night's concert!
That was some good holiday cheer!
OH MY GOODNESS LUCKKKKYYYYYYY!!!!!
:O
That's a good one.
With works in progress, I always worry there's a scene I forgot to write down but think is in there.
aight im out.
IWishYouKnew How much I miss talkin to you!
I own some those stocks, but all of them near their 52 week highs gives me pause.
Yesterday, I learned that tutus aren't just for the ballet.
They are also for St.
Patty's Day.
Not cool!
It seems as if recovery takes longer now, unless it's just me being an IMPATIENT PATIENT!
Don't give up this lead!
u listent to those tracks yet
I'm tired tired tired!
I love me some Ace hotel, but they've gotten pretty stingy.
so sneaky.
They give ya 25, but ya gotta spend 100.
1st is the worst, 2nd is the best, 3rd is the one with the hairy chest and that sold the most songs on iTunes.
Well done
just found out that i cant go home till next friday
Same here.
working on money
Yup, sure am...
living in Old Regent.
Have a good first day!
can't wait to see your loveyou makeover tomorrow!
What's the best app for managing multiple twitter accounts?
At we've shifted from content creation to curation  interacting w/ audiences in the places where they are
Of course!
The hair.
My hair's too perfect.
That's what it was.
I feel better now.
I dont always shit in public but when I do I make sure its in a handicap stall
im not seeing the prestige in this stat!!!
hey  you're in LA?
doctorp by the CfA / open plans happy hour tonight 810pm at Library Bar!
oh my gosh I can imagine, where is that?
Ill even settle for waffles in the toaster 
.
saved the US auto industry.....you're welcome
Those are some of the weird things I find on the internet.
SMH.
riding solo
Vinson Neighborhood Library/Hiram Clarke really innovative.
A gym and a library!
nothing much how are you
I live down here.
WAY more to it, but the misinformation in beginning formed opinions.
Cant debate this on here
nplead One important aspect of a high quality leadership development is that there is constant feedback provided
cool ..
no problem :D
Northeast Ohio wants on Cleveland's Late Night Talk show for Cleveland's station!
Orlando scares me...it's like doctorwing Crawley Town in the FA or Cardiff in the Carling...
I bet you can feel my glare right now.
Nokia workers followed Egypt lead  staged walkout protest over Microsoft deal but used flexihours to do it!
Now that's people power!!
Piano practice to the MAX!!!!
We provide access to affordable, quality bikes to those in need.
I know...
But yes I did get my daily oxygen !
Did you get yours ?
Kind of digging after using for some time.
What Twitter client do you use?
Rx2you.com is focused on helping those in need with Prescription Assistance.
After hitting 9740 doors and making 1915 voter contacts this past weekend, we couldn't be happier to see Earl Ray Tomblin remain

Boy on My TL so lame Smh
Thanks for registering for UMBCsocial.
We look forward to seeing you at the unconference on 1/27!
If you have been able to see further than others it's because you have stood on the shoulders of giants.
'I just want someday for every citizen to be able to marry the citizen they love'  winstonsalem resident on amendment banning gay marriage
5000 feet 10 miles and 4 hours later I am back in the real world.
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, they don't work out.
Maura, are you going/at the SAA meeting in Memphis this week/end?
Would enjoy the opportunity to meet  talk.
You know it's not a good day when u find yourself wanting to be working :/
Reason 1 why working for yourself is so great: when websites don't work, you can walk away and come back to it later.
:
lol....probably so
My daughter is taking me 2 c Mary poppens 2morw 4 bday.
She said she thinks tomorrow will be the best day ever!
In the sequel they take their capers to Mexico
Yay it's Thursday..only one more day standing between me and the weekend :
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 46
free burrito from baja fresh!!
print coupon out online 
Fun afternoon at the Georgia Dome.
The Bucs didn't win but they hung in there.
is awesome, but miss superman on the bongos like
What's everyone doing today?
I need a buddy for tonight.
I figured.
Site says TBD but wouldn't make sense to randomly take him out.
Thinking you need to bring back some of the salmon scramble from the currentbreakfast !!
Today in 1867: U.S.
Secretary of State William Seward reached agreement with Russia to purchase the territory of Alaska for 7.2 million
Damn blocked me..
she must of gotten mad after reading my tweets after I slammed her last night.
At least she read what I said
Superbowl Sunday!!!!!
What are you doing for the game?!
La Fin Du Monde!!!
Yay it was fun!
You deserved it: Next up viewing party!
i had to go on the mobile website :
There are some people I just don't want to hear using the word 'super', like the president, or my gynecologist...
Oh, to write about cats or business...How about both?
Happy Weekend!
are you still in k town?
Actually, the asparagus WAS pretty nice.
ohaustin  Oh Austin, you make me do strange things and like them.
North Carolina brutal.
You'll learn!
Newt, fellow Hershey Resident here.
We met on plane to Hono back in 1999 or so.
Still list that as 1 evt over 4.5M miles.
uh ohh...
Is there trouble?
I got yer back:
consensus authorship  low lexical diversity...
hmm
Casinos Internet  is it a scam?
Colin firth
Moon is a coldblooded killer.
No two ways about that.
Don't play brown eyed girl in your cover band...
To achieve greatness, sometimes that envolves bringing out the best in one another.
Who's watching Clips/Thunder?
Excellent game!
Who's ready for some ?
You're so welcome!
getting a paper cut on your toe 
Hahaha my older brother thinks he can hit me BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME DUMBASS I can freakin deport ur ass back to Honduras 4 hittin a minor ;
Instead of focusing on my training for the CFL I should've focused on my acting!
Robert Downey Jr is makin over 50 Mil on Avengers 00
Off to Kyma again this evening for dinner  looking forward to another great experience
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
The sun is shinning!
Here in Seattle, that's like a free doctorg!
Thanks for referring us!
FF on Sunday
Turns out Charles Barkley HAS won a chip.
He just keeps it on his shoulder.
did you really just break up with over twitter....
that's the name of my pillow pet !
ReallyThough.
: Your mom
are they guys?????
There it is!
AH!!!!
IM SO FOLLOWING THE SHIT OUT OF HIM
During a video game guy doing back flips and stuff person that doesnt know what they r doing pressing random buttons staring at the screen
awww any places that are must see....first time there in a week
Yup, agreed.
And it's not like I don't get it.
They are almost 40 years old and 10 years removed from that music.
don't cut it :o
I predict the email I just got from is the best  and most important  email that will grace my inbox all week.
kickball  work
It's called Sarcasm Bitch!
I blame mc hammer and silk the shocker lol
Rondo today has the first 20 ast / 17 reb game in NBA history.
Is it unamerican to hate ketchup?
My cats nickname is Romo Lol :
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy.
51 and Gray/Town of Windsor.
Hwy.
51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area.
Use alternate route.
So sorry!
Can they tell you why?
Did they ever test your antibodies?
My RE does not do that; but I just asked for it this time
if you like iOS appearance, just download a different like golauncher and customize it to your liking!
Started reading Penelope Lively's Family Album.
I want to live in her words.
A5: Yes, unless you have wealthy parents who are willing to hand down their empire.
LMAO!
We Can Have Sex The First Night Fuck it YOLO .
But If U call Me Talkin bout U Pregnant Its YOYO !!You Own Your Own
Ed Sheeran.
That's all that needs to be said.
I put the hug in thug.
I'm convinced NBC precancels shows before they ever air, to fill space until they create another Office or 30 Rock.
I'm really back on Twitter and Santa has already messed up.
Michele Bachman got a Cars 2 racetrack and some kid in Iowa got 10 point bump
did you mean that men fall in love with their cars?
Had a doctoram where I was a waiter serving a burger in which the bun was big slices of summer sausage.
Awesome idea, or REALLY awesome?
like to hear how Tilestream works for you and what OS you used.
That's my next project.
my roommate would kill me
Have fun at the game !
Tweet us a picture from your seats!
Man that looks so good !!!!
Save me one
You must be so proud
Purple City All Day!!
it's one of them.
Bitch wasn't in the gym shooting jumpers with me
Hi jennifer i like avril' she is so cute .
very true but if you're already doing od triathlons then youre halfway there!
I love pot.
NEVER SAY NEVER!
AMAZINGG!!
I LOVE YOU
I can't believe how amazing your tweets are :DD
that's what all my paychecks are going to !
I'm so excited :D
apc power control: water leak detection systemserver room data ...
:o lies.!!
He didn't tell our group who the group leader was.
Lol
AbusiveBoysIKnow cuz he hit linda wit a midget cane...jkjk lol i know it was a accident doe bt i wda made yhu pay me like 10
my son pointed out that dwts played 2 songs in row from animated film, Flushed Away.
Is it movie theme night?
Helene only slightly.
Welcome to Twitter and back to !
We missed you  and in general!
Vegas, What is the craziest thing you've done on StPatricksDay?
:
nopeiwouls see it if it were here in la!!!
Mention this post at the Cow tonight and get a tasty 5 rita!
Giddy Up!
dear, lil wayne..
get your shit out of zumiez!!
good cause I'm off then too 
thanks!
they LOVE the snow.
that user pic is sort of incredible.
Lamb?!
It was so foggy I couldn't find the school so I turned around and went home.
First OJ and now Braun.
Love it!
suWoO To ThE
I did, and the Cider Island!
We won't lose viewers after all!
MT : Randall Terry no longer running anti abortion commercials during Superbowl on GJ air
on a party bus right now getting boozed....go gmen
Twitter slams top five spammers with legal suit for selling tools that send out spam tweets and clog up its network.
I have now BDay me 15 :
WHY does my boyfriend insist i look like Kate Upton and WHAT can I do to ensure that he doesn't ever change his mind?
Have fun  bring me back a baby ketchup
here's a solution for Strikeforce: make an 8 man Lightweight GP.
Enter Eddie  Gil on opposite sides of the bracket.
if I hear him say one bad thing about that show...
I'll move his whole room into the second floor bathroom
Thank you for helping break down doors for other African American gay professorssional men.
Your message is uplifting!
are you sure pearl?
lols no you silly!
Agh!!!
Why would you use nonUTF8 characters in a webonly database?
It will be OK...
this only solidifies how much I hate the new england patriots
cool: haha soo what are you doing?
Both twitter and facebook are blocked at my school.
I agree twitter is the best for personal pro dev.
Would love to use it
gesundheit!
Bless u!
Other than me not tweeting very much lately, I don't know why you wouldn't see them.
I didn't block you kids...
How does AZ match up to FL for SpringTraining!
I'm going to see Bruno, you know?
major problem of teaching staff we dig is the conviction that all the things are unbearably cool and must be covered.
It's Tuesday, great day for an Ahi Poke Salad, Kangaroo Tataki, and a Sake Sushi roll Come see for some magic.
Happy 100th Birthday FenwayPark.
Here's to another 100.
Early morning hustlers get the goods first.
I've resigned myself to the fact that I am getting a cold.
Going to try some NyQuil and coma sleep tonight to knock this cold out.
: Come out to the Ritz tonite presents the MARS BAND Sewells Point Rd.
6138.
We playin live music FREE NO COV ...
Could never forget you sexy :
Will today be Frank Spaziani's last day ever affiliated with Boston College?
I sure hope so!
An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.
Yogi Tea
Working on a presentation but lacking the inspiration for it.
If the Pacers are going to make a move over Heat it better be tonight.
sleep what is that?
Ill check in the am fam RT : how many spins we getting and which one everyone is fucking with?
The sleet is now coming down hard.
Probably won't be long until the power goes out.
At least we have a lowtech Simpsons jigsaw puzzle.
Don't speak to the man at the wheel.
Whoa!
I didn't know there were 2 to be had!
Thanks MM!
So many great things happening at the end of 2011 and I'm really looking forward to helping even more clients in 2012!
Feed milwaukee holiday gala at turner hall tonight.
Doors open at 7
hope all is well, follow back so we can DM
jjewels is amazing.
I can't wait!!:
you are the GREATEST
Thanks for the RT!
are you on AIM?
When does TurnToYou come out I the USA?
Ring ring rick ross ft future..
A.M.
swim in the rain...
you dont go to sleep
lmfao, omg, you would have me throw myself off a building for a panda?
you're okay with that?
bitch.
lololol
IFTTT Triggers Loyal, Nerdy Following
Haven't watched one NBA playoff game smh
:D Love your tweet!
Shower time...
I need to get serious with this music thing
...i see you creeping....givee it up ;D
Cutler, Bennett Touchdown Bears!!!
Awe thanks!3 and sorry I haven't tweeted you in a few days, Ive been really busy.:
I wouldn't bother they probably won't even give you the play time because it's all politics and shit it's if your known or not.
awe thanks!3 your so nice!
Today's TakeTheSpring Apr7 rally shows has matured organizationally while maintaining it's spirit.
A true rarity.
Bravo!
Not at all.
I get off from watching.
I enjoy all aspects of sex, including the visuals.
And I like to maintain eye contact.
yes.
just need those teeth behind them...
So I'm flying Minneapolis to Chicago, Chicago to Oakland, then Oakland to Burbank???
Who planned this flight?
Up doing laundoctor.
YES I do my own laundoctor.
You must threaten to shrink his foam!

the Obama Admin has stopped defending DOMA, and the IN Repubs have pulled their Right to Work for Less bill.
Its a decent day.
I hate when I forget to start the washing machine!
Hope bryz zteps his game up tonight shaky the last couple of games
Starting Singinintherain I could definitely use a good musical, here's hoping it delivers :
the one night I fall asleep early for a test and I miss a live show from you :/, please do another Soon!
Stop winky facing me too ahah
Decide what to be and go be it.
The Avett Brothers
Thanks for the follow !!
ididnotreport because I didn't actually tell him no, there wasn't any penetration and it was kind of nice to kiss him.
Still terrible.
Just got the house feeling a little doctornk Work in the am  has fun tho
idk man.
he is looking for some one who can make it to the shop w/in 30 min tops if they are called
Thanks for the RT, pretty lady!
I appreciate you hanging out with me at the party!
;
um I really don't kno
A fish dies by its mouth.
Mexican Proverb
100 Followers!Thanks to all that helped with RT.10th person to tweet join the gang  gets a FREE TSHIRT only 1 tweet so far lol
i thank God everyday we can control our bowels
Good Morning LA!
x
Nice work and pissing off supporters by not letting RSVPs in at your SXSW event.
Glad I shoot canon and post to
I'm trying to imagine...
it's because justin is there and let's face it, he IS incredibly appetizing
Snowing all morning.
Meant to ride to the market but I have a good excuse not to now, right :
Our Pearl Store turns 10 today!
We're rewarding 10 customers every hour until 7PM!
Stop into the PEARL STORE ONLY to win.
we also have like the most lefty batters haha.
Matt kemp is a scary mf
Student ownership of mobile devices/smartphones is increasing 71/year  they are overwhelmingly positive  use of mobile devices.
I know this is a late congrats but well done floweralley magic.
And just to think a year ago it started in the 2011 Ashland
How about yourself, as a media creative what have you been doing?
Really interesting overview of coffee and brewing  hope they keep this up, it's great education about food.
So watch the Spurs or play GOW 2?
shouldn't you just let them win?
you made me feel better about my Bucks hopes every year on TBJ today.
Permanent letdown.
and for myself!
Love them!!
I have seen more guts in eleven year old kids
well, actually, I think it was a couple years ago but thanks!!
Me too.
He is an angry, irrational man.
Ooh, good choice!
Godard can certainly be tricky.
Have you seen Alphaville?
The glory of Anna Karina!
Decisions decisions...
Typing incessantly while going 80, on the other hand...
What a relief it is to know for certain that budget airlines are equally wretched on every continent!
Good for you.
Race is no obstacle if you don't beleive its an obstacle.
Its America, you can be anything you want to be.
I love that I'm a Zumba instructor  that the instructor that started it all for me a year ago, remembers me in every one of her classes!
I dont know how you do what you do..
Im so in love with you
Well they know how to spoil an old broad dont they?
Betty White
: You cant change what has already happened so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.
tonight house of blues going to see los lonely boys
Correction Arri Alexa.
Deakins says Film had a good run.
I freaking love my man so much!
He's the best : nuff said
Woo!
updated point total for team Brilliant Violations: 163.
D2L11 BV
like using sour mix when the menu says lime juice
yea I seen the lil sweater!
Brook didn't look like it was listenin to your ass tho!
Maybe next time in espaol
As much as we try to give ppl the benefit I have come to realize that some ppl are just dumb.
Lol
your Virginian accent barely showed
Thankful for for leading my new member class next Sunday while I'm out of town.
Glad you liked it!
I'm officially signed with the Bicoastal commercial department!!
I LOVE Greta  Niche!
Not to mention a possibly doctorpped Air Jordan cake.
22 people, if I just counted right...

Use to send REAL doctornks, shots,  cocktails to friends  even yourself!
Best part is the doctornk costs 1.00
I have a dance showcase tom!!!!
:D
Sorry I can't reply to all your guys DM's, twitter won't let me the last week!

i'm an over achiever, so how about i start a team of leaders, and pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver
Breakfast is the best meal of the day.
That is a fact!
I guess you could say I'm in love3
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
Maltbie D.
Babcock
10prettypeopleIFollow um..
all of you guys!
; 3
I am feeling a nap time
Thanks for the follow.
its really awful unfortunately.
The joke here is I was feeling lazy so I took my bike instead of metro
Wine and Canvas LA tonight!
At Jillian's Universal Citywalk!!
Such a fun job!
Love spreading creativity!!
3
yeah tensai has clown shoes so he cheats
stay safe guys!
Mom: Why'd you do that to your hair?
Me: It's prom, YOLO man!
Mom: Poker face
I wonder what happen...
: Whoah, I think I found a fact error on a student's resume?
Awesome.
j202  Fact error or creative copy point?
You know that scene in Greys where Meredith cooks for Lexi and no one wants to eat it?
Yea...that is what it is like when I cook.
:/
To the lady next to me at bob hope airport serenading our terminal with a dazzling rendition of Ahha's 80's smash 'Take On Me'...
awesome.
Yeah, I was thinking about how I may never own a Blazers jersey if that happens.
Why am I so obsessed with the the secret life of the american teenager ;
not mine/can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g.
hiring and shipping.
Fun graph
hey girl how are you
J.
Cole..
On my way to a scrimmage..
Indiana v.
Kentucky when i get home after it.
: I will be back forsure , u should join too RT : it was great to meet you also.
Tell me more Rufus.
69 degrees N Central Indiana N early March wow what a wonderful day thankful 4 every moment
yawn showed up to the tree playground and totally forgot to bring anything to do :P
com  Tomb Raider developer Crystal Dynamics announced today that Cory Barlog has become the newest member of its development team
Love new Spiderman lyrics: I'm a 65 million dollar circus tragedy..
I hope he doesn't fall....
what are they trying to say?
I am confused by the provincialism of this ourpark campaign.
Does DC want young professorssionals to go home?
Had to hook up tables mixer and vid set up, so many cables looked like I was building a damn bomb lmao
dumped dump dumped ha
'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' Renewed For 3 More Seasons huffpost Proof positive: There IS a God!
Question: Why do YOU want to see online poker legislation pass?
RT : Business Insider: When you count the unemployed, underemployed and discouraged workers, only 47 of the work force is...
After watching buried life I wanna do that!
Kinda wanna slide out tonight.....hmmmmnm
Grab your gasmasks
Quote of the day: Awesome people are named Emily.
So true,
its 12:03 am here.
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY.
:D
Hey Hon and how are you??
DEFCON: good talk about captainring stray RF signals and data leakage.
Easy and cheap, hippa implication.
Stuffed cabbage makes me giggle
Replace me
Picture??
RT : someone's trying hard to bring overalls back into style
Watching cyberbully  I'm about to cry :.
My heart  prayers go out to anyone dealing with this 3
Nah, his baby mama was better looking : RT Whew I thought I was the only one there for a bit lol
yum!
Then you need to come visit me sometime!
Ha.
I'm not there tonight though.
Nearly every elem school teacher in KY would teach social studies.
indeed bro
Well in that case, I guess I'll be seeing you at the University of Michigan later this month.
Thanks for registering for UMBCsocial.
We look forward to great conversation with you and Rob M.
on the 27th!
on the airplane on my way home : i have great company : umm an actor from Hunger Games?
oh yea : im having a great time :
txting my bf to give me a goodmorning kiss at school
Which is my fave of the contraband books?
I'm reading Zinn's A PEOPLES HISTORY.
Intense.
All about the 1.
U?
This is heavy.
I need a lover.
And a fighter.
I need someone who will fight for our love.
will you be that someone?
I just wanna move far away, and start over.
the reason to tweet at Gery is for the exact reason we are having this conversation.
Only people that follow him...
Almost to 700!!
So it wasn't a stretch, you mean?
lol
RT : Hey !
Some of us girls from are coming to the biztimes expo on 5/17.
Heard you're doing a seminar!
stands in corner
Long work week
Zayn is always hated on ppl saying he's a terrorist  well people say I'm a russian spy/terrorist just cause I'm russian japanese irish
nice tweeting shortcut.
I am going to start scheduling tweets!
Ew retainers feel weird
IM THE BIGEST ROBERT GIRL: RobertsGirl!!!!
shut up!
just did
I don't live in Australia, so I don't know why I need to know that.
I'm not so mean that some1 would kill themselves over me.
White girl did you Violate the Collective Bargement Agreement!!
john Phipps told me
RT : Always love a great healthy cocktail recipe!
Green Sloshed: Organic Cocktails for a Boozy Earth Day:...
When I try  pinch you..
you run away like a little.....
bahahaha
come on into safari cup coffee.....mention the tweet  get 50 off your breakfast sandwich  coffee
umm im friends wit him now my name is stategurl14...i didnt know u had one.
we not chattin now though
got alot of things to do
I actually wanna be blocked by some celebs like Lil Kim, or something.
: LOOOOOL
The top gets higher, the more that I climb
Why in the hell have a white guy in one of his pics  ew lol
Such a nice day
no prob c;
Through 11/30.
The Capital GrilleMilwaukee is offering a special Wine  Dine Wisconsin Autumn Menu 39 per person.
morning annoyance: because it took instagram so long to get an andoctorid app, my handle was already taken.
I'm now jordanafp.
blech grrrr.....
New York : You?
Why aren't you following me babe?
There will be no problem, as far as holding out on my end, Raji said.
I'm a rookie ...
And increase defense spending by 500 and protect the world for idiots Kim Jong IL and that clown running Iran.
Funk Master Flex!
These aren't my shoes :
overheard chat that sums up the 1  my wife went to Harvard, her boss went to Harvard, his boss went to Harvard, the CEO went to Harvard...
OnlyAtConcordia will the power randomly go out....
KAY COOL!
Does that mean going ohm early
The Ravens need to take the energy of the Pats fans and visualize it as their own.
thanks tejaaa : how you been?
Wait is Cody Simpson dating Kylie Jenner?
Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for Tshirts and Apparel, Large Plotter for Banners, Stickers, Sign
4real i here everone says its borin.but who am i 2 judge i never had one aka.
my mom wont let me.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
Oldstyle businesses won't be obsolete, they will actually be an crucial component of this new civilization.
teehee i liked josh's relationship status :P
you can totally do bikram!
I like to switch it up between bikram and vinyasa, I like both a lot
The Difference Between A Boy  A Man Is A Boy Will Ask A Girl 4 A Naked Pic A Man Will Ask A Girl/Woman 4 A Pic Without Her Havin Make Up On
Happy to see you R in ABQ tnite.
I was at JWT in NYC  produced the Merrill Lynch spots you were in.
Welcome to ABQ!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Just made a Cool Runnings joke at Ricketts and only a few people got it...sad day.
let's talk about this via text, cuz im gettin off hah
nope.
Arriving into FTL today.
What's worse than being caught up with everything?
Working ahead and then having to do it over because no one else is as efficient as you.
.
Awesome work bud
signed them both:
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 61
Check out The Real Triliogy I new video feat.
Layzie Bone on Youtube
Although Grey's AnatomyPrivate Practice are 2 of my fave shows ever, but I'm so behind on both I can't watch live.
Have seasons on DVD tho.
measuring stick, that is in the mirror...and you have to be better than when you were the day before.
From what you have
i was thinking about bristol or dega what the heck i might go anyway
Just because you hope He doesn't does not a factual statement make.
The kindness part should be present regardless.
Will mlanet12 work for instagram?
RT : is there going to be an instagram hashtag for mlanet12 or is the same?
RT Submit, Write, rework monologue and exercise.
That's today's morning/early afternoon agenda.
I informed mom that FCD was normal for his age, but then I doubted myself on when it should be addoctorssed.
Thanks for the info!
Katie always gets stuck with the crazies like aunt Susan
best 4th quarter scorer...that's not choking...
maybe what they should of done is to have a GA section in the lower bowl in a top half of a section.
I dislike the fact that in 2012 we still focas on the color of one's skin.
We should be so pass that.
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!!
It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!!
: 33333
2 hours away for the Swayback tickets.
Listen to Whip on Post 303 for details.
Off to read Catching Fire!:
Interesting!!
Thank you!!
Our Pleasure!!
RT : Thanks for following!
YAY AUSTIN FOLLOWED US :
Liquigas Cannondale bike is very pretty.
Very simple compared to a lot of them.
ObamaSummerJobs  Algae Trainer
Thanks for the follow: RT SCOPEBasel Pass Competition  get a SCOPENYC 2013 Day Pass!
Every night before you go to sleep, think about the good things that happened to you that day.
Sleep in appreciation of them.
M/etal Up Houston Blood Tribe is coming to town 4/13 to destroy you all with MercenaryX
Start off December right with LOVE OF EVERYTHING, The Daze, and Max Dvorak at Coffee House in downtown Madison!
December 1, ONLY 7
Follow for great Twitter advice.
too bad he can't pitch...
r u calling my butt big??
: RT : anytime, anyhow.
I'll ski up and down your soft Miami butts.
How could you go wrong with lychee martinis  ?
Glad you  the ladies enjoyed your nights!
Cofounder of Pinterest is saying they are redesigning their professorle page, and that should roll out sometime this week
Guess my audience for Jason  Lizzy is shrinking.
My 5 year old is too young.
Wonder if that means 610 or 79 year olds?
So amazing and inspiring!
you know what?
that's it.
I'm gonna say it.
I think Dev sucks on
lol, i'm scared to ask my mom if she'll let me camp out.
aw have fun and be good!
Come on, catch one of these fuckers who are booing in a super close up.
just got some Stewie pajamas!!:
unfortunately, no...
ICantEvenLie I'm in love with you...but the sad part is you don't love me back
No one watches you to be 'only human'
Thanks for the follow Justin Menard!
:
Have we mentioned that we have a tape machine now?
We will be making things sound warm and punchy very soon...
seriously people...i'm not here to make your lives better...i need to make my life better:
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Kurt Cobain

Lots of loss for Oklahoma lately.
: Keeping his family in our prayers.
Ok, ok, you're getting warmer, at least you're in the southeast : Please come to Charlotte, NC this year!!
hahaha the call me maybe song we remix it to Follow us maybe!!
hahaha or we should talk about forks?
!!
: It's strange watching something we lived through not so long ago ...
GameChange
Do you think WBC loves their childoctorn?
Seems so strange, putting them in harms way at protests.
Is that Child endangerment?
Just curious .
God Has Blessed Me
Time to watch Halloween 1  2 the Rob Zombie remakes!
Happy Halloween!
As of today I LOVE Ann Romney
Awww!
is it misterright :D
Fly by night?
that's what I remember her from, too!
been meanin to let u kno that video touched me
will u be at tonights game?
RT It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
Had SO much fun with you!
Thank you for everything!!
3 Let me know if you need a dancer next time youre in town!stay beautiful!
The breakfast at the Hampton Inn this morning is a mad house!
I Kick The Niggas Out  Let Tha Money Stay .
I hatee the limit our characters in eachh post !
Loll I always have soo much to sayy in just 1 postl!
Arghhh.
Gotta limit my words.
i followed and liked your pages and everything :
We ate at the Filipino buffet this lunch for just 6.99.
So good!
Miss my home..
I'm in tears LOL : Hey YOU!
Yea YOU!
I see u tryna fold up that colts jersey...naw don't be Tryna switch it up now!!!!!
Peace comes in the shadow of faith.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
E3onG4 I wonder If UBISOFT made misteraffeine take a doctorgTest.?
I think misterocaine might be a
RT Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength
No its Hill Valley although I cant imagine hell being much worse!
MT : It's like we're in Hell or something.
Art by Tim Stapleton and confections by Pastrygirl  it's the best First Friday ever!
me either until a few minutes ago.
but from who posted it...it doesn't really surprise me haha
Without you
The people who remain somewhat popular after being on a talent show like Idol or X Factor are almost always disappointing.
its absolutely terrible how little we care..
I used to be a very foolish girl...I refuse to be a foolish woman sn: Oh what a fool believes.
My sign says THIS SLUT VOTES
Yesterday I also slammed on the best meal I've ever had at Ho Ho's  Man I love that place!
My tummy does too haha
RT : I've got a layover in Dallas on my way to California today.
anhourcountsright?
// u should hook up w/ In CA
marvel comics made me a lefty
Let's Go Doyers
Tell me this wine geeks!
Do you have a favorite...ehem, Malbec!?
Haha work for the city..
New schools listing website: Lycoming College, Gonzaga University, and Berry College
Ok, for the ppl who are following me or whatever, please help me figure this out, I'm just not getting the hang of it yet!
thank you love salute 
First snow
nah I want it in person cuddn so I can see yo face when I beat you ..
lol.
I like that.
I don't talk to nobody strangers when I'm doctornking and having a good time.
Excellent idea though.
K Day...I see you
Count your blessings be thankful
BIG s/o to The album is DOPE!
InstantTurnOn my future male model coworkers  lol
oh okay :
Lakers are doing it again.
Zombies and vampires are very closely related.
Bed!
Big test tomorrow!!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plaindealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate for Cleveland Clerk of Courts
TY I think Phones are Down but Cell should work.
Just not in the Basements.
I am sure they r ALL ok  Just WORRIED
Prez is here at SDGE Energy Innovation Center selling tickets for our Clairemont Garden Tour  Expo.
Stop by and say hello!
No, we haven't.
As long as people like you are saying Slavery was a long time ago, get over it
If you're looking at my phone while I'm typing something, you may get elbowed in the face.
Loll, so...
i still love sports.
If they had a REAL girls football team i would do that too.
,u out ther n iraq?
What's your SEO doing for your business?
www.upfrontconsultants.com.
We thank you for your support :
Dang bro.
I gotta get three in a week or two.
Bow bow when she walk with that long silky hair u know she really down she wearin my underwear
bullshit.
I also hear the solicitor general did a pretty terrible job of defending it.
the liberal judges had to jump in to help
Thanks for the follow!
It's technically for the Senior class...
but it's open to the public.
Also, the weather is perfect for it.
Good to hear!
Kisses to the kids!
xox : Lita Everyone is well.
I was just checking on you haven't heard from you in a while.
Simple Period 3.0 for iOS: Menstruation  Reproduction Tracking Calendar  prMac
it's depressing and disappointing right!?!/: Lakers are letting me down!!:
Spurs vs Jazz Game 2 tonight!
Thanks for the St.
Pat's tweet!
Hope to see you at the parade!
Did you enjoy a meatlessmonday???
Laura Carlo on the air from this am waking up listeners and all of ClassicalNewEngland!
www.classicalnewengland.org
lmao...
No I didn't ruin ur life I just CRUSHED them!!!
Lmao...
Don't forget me, I beg.
S/O ALL DEM TWERULATORS!
What a FIN nice day out in Portland
I dunno, the one you created seems pretty epic.
Sets the bar high
this is why I love you kim3 lol
Can't wait for gay wedding crasher season...
hot chicks are SUPER easy pickins' at them joints.
Have fun 3
well..it looks like all the Tigers fans are doing a good job of raging already.
yes you are sexy as fuck too bella3
She had to have, right?
its causing major complications elsewhere in the materials budget, of course.
my boss is not pleased.
RT : S/O to my team everybody go and follow...ES party June 16th be ready!!!
RT RT : On TEDxReykjavik in October I would also like to see Clara
Whose passing was announced at the March on Washington in 1963 ?
less than four hours until Harry Potter time!
woo!
you're welcome
this may be true but can you bring it ????
and stop crying about your son and your man
Dont waste your tears crying over someone who doesnt even deserve to see you smile.
where you been THUG PASSION
Ack, did I miss an rsvp too?
I favorite tweets when I find interesting links in them, and use Pinboard to automatically save links in any favorited tweets
thanks stranger!
Aren't you amused by my recent Twitter addiction?
Ha!
good morning everyone!
there's too much blood in my caffeine system, need more coffee ricky tick
The kids who cut today wasted a day on my opinion.
Thanks for the mention of the petition!
Paul
do it
it says.jpg and the pic size limit is 700k....the pic i'm trying to upload is only 164k....
Heading downtown to shoot the tall shipsWith a camera
Got the news yesterday, wife is going in for surgery Nov 2.
Forgive me if I'm not very witty the next couple weeks.
i have had at happend you could get a refund if they didnt warn you about before you purchased the room
This cloud coverage is malarky.
Where is my supermoon ?
haha!
Great idea!
My goal is to b done by Christmas!
looks amazing!
Apple Announces Independent Factory Inspections
she does this awkward thing with her hands, and told me I'd stayed up all night without even cleaning my room.
Lloyd LJ of the EWCA rules on another KSF Ltd.
case: EWCA Civ 561.
dude.
thingsthatmakemesmh ......
GUYS.
hump day is where its at!
I never settle for less.
Something's getting in the way.
Something's just about to break.
I will try to find my place in the diary of jane.
Persuading Ethan to come out, yay
thx for rock's da runway!
here's just wanna graduate already and move out of their parents house.
is totally
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go Gophers ...
Lets Go
During pregnancy workouts, focus on your back to prevent or relieve back pain, and yoga for your core.
Check with your doctor first!

I love how they're acting like culture is going to change.
This is football!!
Sucks to wake up and find out like that.
I think I ate too many oranges today :O
GRAND OPENING: The Man Cave Barbershop 10 adult cuts/5 childoctorn's cuts 770.864.2414

thanks for a great time last night!
Only problem was we didn't have much of a chance to catch up.
doctornks sometime before Barr Bros?
stop spamming me.
Youre so annoyig.
You dont understand how much i DONT care if someone is saying bad stuff about me.
Leav ...
I think the reason people love dubstep is because you can dance to it how ever you want.
No Soulja, 2 step, Dougie, Wop.
U just go bonkers!
I'm listening to Deuces by Chris Brown
Want your news published?
Send a press release to via
sorry for any confusion...I'm way too wordy for Twitter.
:
Anyone falls in love sometimes, I don't know but you but it aint no crime.
But you gotta think, unless you're turning water into wine, Christmas must be the worst birthday to have.
: Outback did suck!!
We never go there and I won't go back.hate OB!
She likes Lil bitch ass thug douches  Anonymous
I DM it to you
Go Rangers!
I've been watching your videos all day haha
Mornin'!
How was your Thanksgiving weekend?
The details are not the details.
They make the design.
Charles Eames
I love you too, Gorgeous ; you mean the world to me...
Even when you act like a grandma :P sweet doctorams baby
Do you keep your car in a garage or carport, or is it usually on the street exposed to the elements?
id love a copy of your presentation, it was really great!
Not sure if I can DM you though..
So glad they brought this production to Chicago!
You feel the SOUL!
I bet LA would not have sounded this incredible!

TY for responding to me.
I'm a huge fan and love that you are doing this.
Getting ready to go to school sigh
Follow my tweets!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
For fresh variety of news and news video please visit www.tncnews.com
GOOD WEEKEND...BACK ATCHA
ah man, I'm watching E.T.
and something keeps getting in my eye..
like, dust or something.
dab
Gravitate towards prosperous, cheerful, and gregarious people.
Never associate with those who share your defects and weaknesses.
NHL and pointless fights
baking fresh bread between working on plan and RedSox opening day game.
great client calls today!
all my new followers wasssup god bless!!!
Exactly?
Exactly.
I didn't look that closely but it seems the attendance is still higher than the average Marlins or Indians game.
Dick Clark died??
I thought he would out life me.
I can't believe I ever thought beer didn't taste good.
Cuz It is so refreshing!
oops I mentioned ipad on Twitter...
now I am getting spam
i got it for christmas and from walmart :/
Dear students: no, I will not email you your individual grade.
You can  should look it up on the secure site b/c email is not secure.
Ordering Physical copies of the album this week!!
Found a folder on my computer called lifestyle passwords.
Don't remember making it, but am curious about contents.
Excellent food  service at Central in Old Town.
grammy time.
sup, tweeps?
And why did Wade look like he really was about to fight??
yeah we should : btw your tweets are awesome 3
Cool you wanna ignore my call and turn your phone off?
Two can play at this game.
Off to bed!
D:
I will not let the devil steal my joy.
4 oz tubes of NOW available!
Contact ur health care professorssional 4 samples or to purchase!
Great gift idea
Ive found if you're the smartest one in your group your group is too small Find people who will challenge you to stretch to the next level
I supported Arlen Specter for president in 1996.
Apparently this makes me a supporter of ObamaCare.
Shoutout To Our New Followers  thank you!
I love Glassjaw Boxer.
But I don't know that I call them top 3 material.
I just need a week away to figure shit out.
Getting ready for Irene.
Going out for cookies icecream.
Essentials according to my family.
Wish me luck.
Ok TigerWoods is All Square and on the prowl with 3 to play!
You Deserve all the Success
Dude, I think I jyst saw Dave Grohl grabbing lunch at Con Pane in Liberty Station.
you should have your arts folks look into it.
ragecomics are about to dominate my iMessage conversations.
If David Prosser can do it to Ann Walsh Bradley, I want to see Ruth Bader Ginsburg put Antonin Scalia in a head lock.
let's set somethin up!
Once a girl was singin ass, ass, ass 2me.
This early mornin a dude sings cake, cake, cake.
I had to google the songs!
: wTF
Nigga's Gona make me turn Gay ; I Swear to God !
Like a BOSS lol
Ohmygawd, doctorma is for little kids.
Get outta here with that.
2nd4th grade, I only wanted 2 things out of life; 1.
To be Avril Lavigne 2.
Marry Billy from Good Charlotte.
GC was the best band ever.
I really enjoyed hitting golf balls last night.
Tonight it's time to hit tennis balls.
It's all about The Swing!
Hello to Rev Lora!
Congrats on the ordination!!!!
Yet another European art institution requests my permission to reprint an article in their forthcoming publication for 0.
Finished my location scouting for tomorrow morning's Swimsuit shoot.
hey guys, most people think that ordinary people cant sing!
but i think everyone can sing but in there own unique way!
RT if u agree x lol x
Center for HungerFree Communities featured in today's : Experience meets Expertise at Hunger Conference
redesigning my Capstone poster for the third time.
yay I got my phone back
i forgot how to tweet.
AM 1620, while doctorving on 90E: oh hey motorists, the thruway's closed.
thought you should know.
well, happy doctorving!
enjoy that hurricane!
All I can do right now is think of crappy times and if I done things differently would things be different?
Questioning this a lot rn.
Watching love addiction on tv one, never give up on love.
3.....so beautiful
Working on a pot of french onion soup.....and a bottle of wine.
Oh shit macaroni!
i almost got caught O:
rip my prayers are with ur family
We'll be okay.
Lots of warm tea and soup this wkend though.
Damn.
I was gonna give a shout out to from the airplane crapper.
Oh well.
Maybe when I get on the Space Shuttle.
StoryCorps staff mark stories on a scale for reproducibility for radio.
Is there a way to predict this rating based on numerical data
I'm about to be the girl who falls asleep in the waiting room.
pinterest may expand platform to include video soon
Can't wait to be at the Double Door Inn THIS THURSDAY for Remy St.
Claire CD release party!
How would you get at a guy in class?
Lol Seriously, tell me how you would :p
Damn just took all of my piercings out...i feel naked without them :
Enjoyed Russian Style afternoon tea today at Katia's in SF.
Loved using the Samovar.
: I'ma take you all the way down Smashtake em down take em down down!!
Today has been....
I miss you guys too!!
RT : If you play it safe in life you've decided that you don't want to grow any more  Shirley Hufstedler
so Obama thinks LeBron should go to Bulls.
How much is David Stern gonna fine him for those comments?
I am?
I was last Friday on my vacation.
LOL.
so board need something to do ...
I'm too tired!!!
it's a poor UX that requires all these hoops.
I installed this a.m.
all I get is a blank screen w title
In our imaginations we believe that love is apart from us.
Actually there is nothing but love, once we are ready to accept it.
The rest of this week I am Living on the Edge!
You're not going to believe the shenanigans I get into in my live shots!
Tune in:
I just received Christmas presents.
From family.
Via UPS.
Putting in hard work is the ONLY way to success
Close to tears.
I am so stressed.
watching videos of housepets makin friends with dolphins.
shit hits close to home.
Does anyone have insider tips on what to do/where to go in Montreal for a wknd?
Asking for a friend...
Thanks for the shout!
You're the social magic that makes flourish!
If yu say so
So happy you like them!
I immediately thought of you when I saw them.
:
have you given any thought to coming to philly and checking out the work is doing?
It's a great story line!
new job requires me to train for 2 months, I will have a studio in my semi though.
Great pitch froze him
I bet you guys really appreciate us waking up in the middle of the night to watch your twitcam right?
: x
The money spent on renovating Kauffman Stadium would have been better served in a fan therapy program.
Why is a shutout inning too much to ask for
I did it for about week and then got to busy with school..
But I started to feel more motivated at the end of that week haha
Stop being soo judgemental make sure u fix whats wrong in ur life before u start judging others
Almost one year later: Pakistan says Osama bin Laden's 3 wives and 11 childoctorn have been deported to Saudi Arabia.
that's sad.
I doctorad the day we'll have to go through that too.
Dogs are 100 love.
Relativity raising 200M via Ron Burkle against ultimates for 'Mirror Mirror', 'Act of Valor', sports.
At the airport super early for once.
Had fun but can't handle any more Vegas for a while
I need to stop being lazy all the time..
It's ok to love where you LIVE but never forget where you CAME FROM......
Cleveland bred me
Best interview question for candidate to ask.
Number 4: Where do you see this company in twelve to eighteen months?
Hello!
Goodnight my dear!
Sleep well honey!!
Iloveyou!!
Keep ur head up!
I really can't wait to be at church this morning!
I love seeing you all!
See ya there!
Oh my god can I sleep all day?
Nope..?
Damn.
RT He's that one person that can make me smile like crazy just by saying Hello.
So true!!!
There is a lot of talk of Jason Booher to Holmes.
Great interview w/ Coach Haith
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?!
i love you holland3
James Franklin and the Commodores already have 9 verbal commitments.
Vanderbilt had 0 commits at this point in 2011 and 2010.
right!
This is killing me...
Gorgonzola Bacon Burger...
couldn't be better for lunch!
You bet!
I'm honored.
I wonder if they would like to leave a sticky note on it?
Thanks!
Tell them I said hello from Iowa!
It is impossible to overestimate the immense need that humans have to be listened to, understood, and taken seriously.
Who else is coming in June?
Time to schedule a mid year toast  inspiration trip!
follow this sexy chick please..ill kiss u for free if u do
The world should sit down and have a collective beverage at the Old Miami
April 22 The lift off
I'm Madd Nice To People The Only Time That I'm Rude Is Only When People Decide To Get Crazy With Me !
Loud noises!!!!
Viva il Papa!
at Vatican City all day :
Guess it's finally time for laundoctor, cleaning and a work out...if I must...
Hooray!
Soon for the NYPL open source  before SRP 2012.
Ready to doctorve a real Powerhouse that meets all your expectations,  then some?
Come test doctorve the Ram4500!
MelloyDodge in Albuquerque
RT : 4th and forever is the best show
Make time for everything!
Don't ever stop doing things you enjoy doing..
Elections and debates are getting more exciting than football
I'm glad I didn't outright laugh!
tonight showed that Boston isn't as superior as they claim to be
On Facebook, theres a page called Pet Lovers for Obama.
Im going to go check out their recipes.
Oh my, this IS fun!
What are the top three music cities in the US?
that's right: doing indesign edits and watching old noir classics
Ghostbusters took over the 1 spot from Tightrope on this day in 1984.
Who ya gonna call?
Fully support this.
RT : I might have to name my first child Middlebrooks.
Boy or girl
no.
But I am coming!!!
When's the last time we saw a face off on ?
Anyone?
Ok, I know I'm not the only one that gets frustrated by airlines and their constantly changing prices!
Omg the tmobile girl's not wearing a pink doctorss!!!
I'm not gonna let any asshole get in the way of my happiness.
I see you googled my name..
i tried yours nothing popd up
Good morning to you!
Tomorrow it's Cave Creek Park again: the mega mountain bike climb .
.
.
May I spend the rest of my days here?
Dialogue from first novel in the April Curran series.
That's not a bald spot, Lucian said, it's just an area of hair taking a vacation.
In love with the money don't love these hoes !
Please speak on Homosexuality
Just placed a new order of product including restocked Crescent hoodie, New Tee and a top secret Lovesick launch...
I'll be the first black guy to freeze to death!
yes girl work!
Good Morning 33
5 minute talk with ?
I think so!
add your birthday ideas!
We had so much fun!
We can't wait for our interview with Mike tomorrow!
We'll be posting pics  vids soon!
hahaha that's you mister model you..i do not have
I don't think there's a firm answer to that question!
I'm glad you're finally feeling better though!
:
in health class right now.
GRRR.
BORING!
Missing my baby girl terribly.
Going out looking for a job today.
peace.
malware disables Mac New Mac Trojan disables Apples automatic malware updates
blue pear, the newest hipster joint, good texmex food poolside; Dinks is surprisingly good, too.
yes, I was on the end of a I have to not that I mind but it's a bit insulting when you know it's really a I want to
time always tell
As well as from those who falsely hide behind it...
The U.S.
vs Wong Kim Ark was a BAD call that needs to be corrected immediately!
I loved what you guys did, and anyone who takes offense to it needs to lighten up and get a new perspective!
: nothing like waking up to snowfall.
IT WAS SNOWING THIS AM?
With basketball behind me time to focus on the election, the and book design.
Varied but focused.
Can't convince people of anything UNLESS you pretend to be sure of yourself.
how have we not crossed paths?
Thanks for the RT :
Reminder we trade your carforcash We also trade your car for cash.
oh lmao.
I'm a freshman and I know SOLs don't start until Wednesday damn.
Off to sleep early so I can catch the lunar eclipse in the EARLY morning!
Just tapped Schooner Exact's Black IPA.
just pay it forward.
when you get out of school and your all smart and what not, and someone needs your help..
make time for them.
oh, and I accidentally stole a gym towel.
Wished I could go to code4lib north.
: Wil definitely follow twitter backchatter, if any.
Enjoyed talking with EastlakeBonita Dem Club  SanDiego County Young Democrats social tonight.
Two great groups of local activists.
Review: With The Iron Lady, Meryl Streep makes it pointless for them to even nominate anyone else for best actress.
Thank you for the mention!
Is there a merchant you want to see in our network?
Email
everything's going really well!
Just so busy!
Moving this weekend, and somehow I ended up with 3 jobs......
Anywho, how r u?
maybe some of these girls got to used the same line too
ya now how to get picked for that part
know what?
He is a cunning bugger, nothing a trip around the Sally Gap in the boot would not cure.
No respect for the old ways
I thought of you two because of your global humanitarian work  compassion!
Hope this reaches u.
I feel that God has blessed me with great insight.
I love sharing it,
Made my own sushi finally.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers!
Follow Let's make BREWlievers a trending topic and show support!
What do you think of idea to ban cell phones in cars completely?
Anything else you'd choose to ban?
I hate
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to your tweets.
Good Morning!
HUGZ
Just got up watching TV don't feel like getting doctorssed
Pudge Bros was my fav pizza in ABQ !
Don't knock it till u try it!
: Watching the game by myself today!
: game4 becauseitsthecup LetsGoRangers  you are not alone.
All Rangers fans are here.

wow, that was close there in sending Belt.
But we'll take
F.S.E in 8th pd today.Some people got big balls its crazy but typical.
I mean come on..
now that's hot.
hahahahaha.
Pinko Is that short for Russian?
White hate russians, move to Oakland if you dont believe me.
what an amazing time!!!
2011CIA I'm looking for you Awards!
; Up in the balcony.
u do to
hahaha I love roller costers and you?
:
Monk was an absolute genius.
Unbelievable.
Is your weightmanagement just an exercise, or a lifestyle trait?
Modified lifestyle is key.
Source: WFU 2011.
Just wanted to say THANKS!
to all the peeps that came out to support NFMLA and the amazing filmmakers youguysrock!
My dog dodoed and got his but whopped lol
Beavs blitz, Masoli lets it fly, great play by DB Lance Mitchell to knock the ball down
I need X to win this.
you and Zack Efron are a such a cute couple together u guys should be together I Love U please follow me!!!
3
Chuck is down to 10k, from 30k starting stack with second nut flush v nut flush..
: Nelly is at his table, too!
I fucking love when i catch kid cudi on these talk shows :
Here's To The Girls Who Have Blue Eyes:
back in town this weekplay date with Jenny and Jennifer?
getting hot here in Texas but nice rain yesterday.
Yay for for getting a twitter account!
When will Nissan get smart and start Pull Ahead program for it's lease owners.
Make me want a new Nissan again!
Cool!
I Joined!
didn't know he was in town.
Would have totally bought those.
:
follow me please
oh no!
Heading to tonight at 7ish for our weekly outing.
doctorp in for a doctornk  say hello!
How was it?
never heard much about it....
To those demoted, please respond with facts to justify your acts not excuses and whining.
These guys badmouth lawyers until they need one
Im heartened to hear that Im not the only one who is constantly looking to twitter for validation, but not always finding it
Holy darkness Batman.
I am going to cry.
runnies still on for 6?
tryina make three places.
I've written 2 sketches for National Sketch Writing Month!
No, our arg is different: opendata can powerfully enhance a wide range of diff goals, including acct'bility.
for real!
Caitlin is in the shower.
Emilio is on the couch.
yo if we have tickets to downlink at the music box, do we get in to your show?
or how does that work?
Good Morning twitter
The feedback  interest received lately is greatly appreciated.
Some have asked about our discoveries, we will continue to share links.
Thks
: Dividing up territories and friends postbreakup is painful, but taking back domains and email forwarding?
OW.
OW.
OW.
Really?
I keep getting too attached to my textbooks to sell them.
.
What is your favorite song we play at our shows?
buy some extra pints of custard for the team...upset special
watching He's Just Not That Into, too : love this movie!
No Jim Rome this week?
Who will I listen to on the radio?
Is fabian calling the jungle this week?
: I want this forever.
The previous tweet results in me stopping at a stop sign thinking its a stop light.
Yikes.
A little overblown.
Steinmetz takes shots at the Warriors.
Are Blazers fans that pissed about Roy's knees that they are having Oden do microfracture as a doctormatic distraction?
You were saying ...
Florida has some of the best dance club DJs I've ever heard.
Great article.
I'd been struggling with the logic there.
Is ice a doctorg since it reduces swelling like ibuprofessorn?
Stuffing my mouth with nachos with :
Watching blackinamerica with
Thanks for the RT!
have a nice evening!
I suppose my 'netmask' test was flawed.
Good to know it was as easy as aptget install netmask ;
I still know my password buddy, see you tonight tho!
Ha
And whose more perfect union are we forming now, with what face of justice, and how tranquil a domestic front?
Casting reality show!
Have a friend in a bad relationship?
Should they break up?
Email your story:
he didn't really answer your Q??
Well, as long as you solved a plot point...LOL
Bring on the dance moves Chris Brown...
Love
Next time gadget, next time!
Berryfolks, Fenway has Creamsicle, Coconut and Original now.
So even if we're not feeling Summery, we can still eat like it!
Having been the GM of a major public broadcasting station, there is always time to sell.
And that's the nonprofessort model.
Only if we understand can we care.
Only if we care will we help.
Only if we help shall they be saved.
Jane Goodall
hey gorgeous: mind following me please?:D followme back austin:
He's had a good tenure with the Pack, but with Starks/Green/Saine, there's more to look forward to.
4 HB's?
No way.
I'm so fucking bored
I saw a car crash!
the guy who hit a limo looked like kris humpries!!
or however you spell his name!
lol i think it was himx
CLGL now up 120 hats off to THE EDITOR what a way to start off the week
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:23
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!!
SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
wanna jump in my car, go wherever you are cause I need you by my side
Fina blow n grab dis bk
Hiding in my bedoctorom with jams on and wine on the nightstand.
Sad only 2 nights left of Bachelor , until BP3 that is...
You get paid to speak, eh.
How cool.
Fringe renewed for a fifth and final season...that's some great news right there.
Getting better each and ever day.
Give all the glory to my god!
BREAKING NEWS: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates.
we LOVED seeing u Janet.
U rocked the house!
i can talk on so many different levels, anywhere from the street corner to politics.
i have a way with words, a gift n a curse.
troof
giggle...
If anyone needs to be Razzed about RT'g you...
It should not be me!
I'mAFan :
fruit,nuts,pb and j sandwich.
RT Once Aquarians made a decision to end the relationship, there are very few chances to win them back
if you have concerns, you should bring it to the library for immediate consumption.
do you feel comments like that help support the diversity and inclusion of D.C?
AND of Ward 8?
Mondays are my most favorite and my most unfavorite day of the week....
Who knew that was possible!?!
thank you for the follow Josh!
106F.
I am melting.
do it!!
haha
Officially sick :
Cant wait till Aug.
to see you guys again.
ChicagolovesBTR follow?
Whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger?
That's weird.
I just keeping feeling weaker and weaker.
we like that xtina is not trying to make friends on
Late night bites tonight from 11pm to midnight...pizzas by Pandel and sundaes by Rockman.
Perfect night cap!
Stone cold nuts.
often folks have NO clue about their body language, so maybe a semiunconscious bit of both?
Mississippi State opens the second half on an 82 run but UMass responds with a 70 run of their own.
UMass leads 5039
Best race of the day coming up IMO the Mile.
Goldikova alone on top in the exotics?
okay mom damn lol
for Halloween I'm going as Kim Kardashian in her sex tape...
Wanna go as Ray J?
We could get the party bangin'...ya dig
hey!
give us a listen :D.
we're new to Vegas an we have two professorssionally done Cds.
Check it out :
Could not agree more with that statement.
perfect day for lunch outside at the campus.
love this place!
SHOUT OUT TO MY SET!!!
That's right.
N,Q and R trains sweep passengers away with no left over residue.
doing trading operations at Artisan Partners
Hope to catch your gig this weekend!!
DailyHookahTip71: For a fruitier smoke, mix berries with the water in the water base.
Or even throw an orange slice in with the shisha.
Shout Out To Richie....
Listening to Usher in bed by myself...just a practice run for tomorrow night
I'm interesting in hearing more about your company link me?
Great seeing you yesterday!
:o
thanks Susie you gem.
: Mayb she won't then again mayb she will!
twitter won't let me post a picture!!!!
WHATISTHIS!?!
55 off doctor cleaning on www.crowdclick.com!!!
Well just contact one of us to make via phone/facebook!
RT i need tickets.
: and you guys need your pictures...
Ouch.
We'd like to change that.
What's up?
Way to go have fun :
Special recipe broasted chicken served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beens, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09
I'm reading up on the Chicago Manual of Style w/r/t .
I guess I'm supposed to walk around smiling like Sister Marissa
D: refreshing your page like cray.
So if I get this new job paid rental cars, hotels, food, and paid for travel...
I'll be getting reward points like a mutha fucka
Board positions available for this year's show.
for more information.
living, learning, giving, earning, no matter my circumstance
Only a few more days to get ABQuirky !
We are reading through your submissions and cant get enough!
Keep them coming!
That depresses me.
Roommate is pressuring me to make decisions.
maybeheisright dowork MovinOnUp?
Is this your adopted meaning, or is it the origin as you know of it?
Crap.
My crown just popped out.
ewwww!!!
r u kidding me u moron
We're working on a few flashmobs and pranks, but not quite ready to go yet.
Soon!
Linda Chavez has some serious selfloathing issues.
Please vote AGAINST the constitutional amendment in today's NC primary!
If you vote for then you are judging thy neighbor!
Sorry I wasn't talking to you...I was talking to the computer.
talks to himself when writing web markup.
Got on last flight to dc via standby.
Scariest flight I've ever been on.
If you don't have at least a little selfdoubt you probably aren't doing it right.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.17
Wednesday night at 10, goes to the northshore and professorles some kids trying to slow doctorvers down in a unique way.
I'm Presbyterian and will be forgiven if wrong LOL Are you off of Lent yet?
Dog is all current on her shots and ready for a weekend at the lake!
Next stop REI!
For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice.
T.S.
Eliot
my last tweet sounded like an obnoxious greeting card
I got that fettuccine on them
Liquidators is looking to fill a few for new sales positions!
Pop in  fill out an application!
WHITE LIGHT!!!!!
tired like fuck man
Damn avengers sold out for this time.
Gotta c the next showtime
Big week at PARMA: Student Composer Competition, announcing May releases, preparing METHOD MUSIC Sit In page, and more..stay tuned!
RT The day you create today will speak volumes about the rest of your life.
Create well!
4pm yoga class Chicago.
New playlist!
Beatles, Brett Dennen, Ravi Shankar, Matisyahu, and Common.
Sounds great, right?
it's great just be prepared to blush, a lot!
Haha.
I'm not here to judge:.
The things we do for love...
: Finally getting back on my routine!
It's never too late to feel great!
To make this launch as sexy as possible I'll be doing the entire reading while wearing my seventh grade retainer.
always time for more
Sounds like a pretty fantastic day at the Ashmolean Ancient Greek kylikes or skyphoi?
But did they get to play kottabos, I wonder...
I will, mom.
Thought about you the other day, hope all is well!
Condolences to Willie's family..
I hate that the world has one less genuine blues artist!
I should go to bed.
Don't tell me what to do!
Its 2012 And You Still Got Minutes On Your Phone?....Bless Your Heart....
I guess Jesus sat out the 1st half.
Hopefully he has a miracle up his sleeve for the second.
Funny, those are things I'm very good at.
It's all that reading I did when I went to a good public school.
Great, I can't wait.
Thank you again for covering awesome local companies/activities!
I think I should quit tryin ckuz there are no signs of victory.
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color.
Thanks BaltTservic.
Boys know the lyrics to WMYB.
That's legit.
Have strong popping HEADLINES sprinkled throughout your sales page
Blahh fuck work !
The only good thing about it today is that my gf is here
Nice banners, IDB!
How's the Wings game going
Are you annoyed by the constant smudges of fingerprints on your smartphone?
Great new product that you can brand with your company logo!
Keep Sneezing .
I knew it was me.
I was trying to see if you would figure it out.
Howard says pedestrians on Main Street won't pay attention to increased lights at Lot 1.
Hey,Reality Show Junkie Tweeters I hear that Basket Ball Wives will be taping a NEW reality segment at TONIGHT
tell that hubby of yours that I said congrats!!
I'll adopt Homer Simpson's campaign sloganLet someone else do it!
Housesitter with Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn.
Not only is Goldie a funny and talented actress, she also gave birth to an amazing whore.
ha ha  how do you think that conversation will go?
RT : Amazing fights.
This was exactly what FOX was hoping for when they inked the deal.
Agreed.
kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Fri, May 18 4:30p: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
This early.
Yes.
Much needed.
So This Boy Kept Staring At Me At Lunch , Tomorrow Ima Cuss Him Out
Experience is by industry achieved, And perfected by the swift course of time.
William Shakespeare
You're welcome?
does she know what sex is?!
Who calls at 2:30 in the morning??

Got inspired from a conversation w my manager.
Another song done.
I'm feelin it
Great day to be in Boston!
We have awesome weather, a marathon, morning baseball, and we're shine at NECB!
when i look at u its like watchin night sky or beatiful sunrise theres somuch they hold its like those stars i see u came so far
Subway sand  belch did you hear that???
send some pics and video from the sessionif u would CDiazReps Preciate it
Hit me up for your ADMIT 4 FREE Pass 2NITE!
NEW SATURDAY SPOT!
ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
RT
Maybe that's because you were skipping school ; RT I don't remember you being absent 9 times!
Just logged on and here you are.
How was NC?
Man can I not wait for today to be over.
Wanna curl up into my bed
That guy that took three is the best!!
Comcast CS, why oh why do you keep hanging up on me?
Don't you want my money?
Fix your darn phone system if you can't transfer a call.
you mad bro?
Nahw , I ain't even mad .
Survivor time!!!
Hope this week can be as awesome as last week!
Bullying Prevention Tip 4  Stand Strong and Speak out schools on the issue, it truly is that important..
Today I filmed a commercial.
Who was in this commercial with me?
The CEO of Time Warner Jeff Bewkes...
Doing great.
Hope all goes well at the doctor.
Let's talk later, OK?
Did you get my email?
LOL!
I had to look up what IRL meant.
Glad to know!!
We can always do OTP :.
Houston Janitors left negotiation table after 5 corporations refused to accept new articles.
me too!
you are totally not fat you look really hot your sexy sweet heart !!!!
love you keep being champ ok !
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I think is right.
Typos breed in the night.
Sushi time ...
uh......when?
RT : That's why dave chappelle got out of show business, they wanted him to doctorss up like a woman  he refused
Hey NYC!
It's another beautiful day in the city!
What are you doing to enjoy this weather?
hate being sick :
Colin to the rescue!
Haha.
What's up homies?
FCdish HAM is so easy to carve.
just think of all those muscles as individual roasts....
Watching the reds hit increases my blood pressure doctormatically.
Please, please, oh please can we get some help for Joey Votto?
Through the power of the Cloud I accessed a report linked to my on my Mac.
Will be demoing at SCON12 next week.
tech2012 facilitiesbased competition is dead.
RT : Apparently, the Dawgs should never play at Madison Square Garden.
I mean, would we not make it Brewer focused?
BCB provides a built in listenership, even in fanposts.
psycho is not a bad thing ;
is ill.
NoCover : let's send him all the love we can to get him feeling better
Coulda swore I saw martin luther king jr at the dallas mavs game sitting dam near courtside!
I love you Evan!
RT : Hey remember when a 747 with a spaceship attached to it buzzed Washington today?
Man that was cool.
you coming or are u doctornking pweee fweezay?
thnks for the retweet.
i was shocked, i screamed lol.
thnk u this is the first time u have noticed me :
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
Booked my flight.
Girls, I can't wait to see you all in Nashville.
I'm so excited!!!!!
RT : What's the topic?
Plato's view of the fall of the world, away from political order.
A dense read.
Ugh I cannot find my phone!!
what was it?
No worries, Kara.
Go Pakcers!!!!
In Vegas for the SX finals
I'm trying but Im just too excited
what channel?
Good Morning Twitter world!
Here's hoping every one has a safe and enjoyable Labor Day holiday!
Be safe and take care!
All these throwbackthursday pictures are making my day!
RT : Watch the people you hang with..
You are who you hang with.
Are you the strongest one in your circle ?
just got my beach bag!
So cute and for a great cause!
Floyd Mayweather vocalized his support for gay marriage today.
Small, but HUGE.
A prime athlete in a machismo sport speaking out.
Bravo.
I hate Rick Santorum as much as Rick Santorum loves to take charge of my uterus.
Yep!
You did.
So that's where we are as fans?
A person cant be in the top 5  we, let them, let us, know when they're ready to rock?
well i cant txt everyone though because it'll cause problems...ugh now i know why i stopped...blah!!
high school is over :/
Gasol's D was outstanding, proper shows on pick rolls great footwork and hustle Bynum should learn from him watching the film
Flying to CA at 6AM Sunday...and its daylight savings day...i foresee a day of fatigue.
Become a fan of misterD's on Facebook and follow all of our projects from start to finish.
We Love to Paint  and do so much more.
Lic
Yeah, same here!
Haha
Haha jazz looking like ish.
gospursgo its raining 3's.
People say we boring.
I say we winning ha!
IF you can tweet about your beliefs in God, I should be able to as well.
I know!!
But don't worry...
plankwarsround2 will commence soon!
psh Wes like you don't know me!!
has doctorstically improved the quality on my life during snack time!
Finally something that tastes like ice cream sans N's allergens!
I know i'm chunky.
omg no need to point it out DX
nvrmind,.i c it below now
From the hood book of 2Chainz Get head while I'm readin, call that shit Facebook.
WE HERE MEOW
That sucks!
I think he's the missing piece in Miami
RT : if you don't have a vision for your product to make the world a better place then you won't get the best hires Lanyrd
new Orleans wants you back.
ASAP.
She said so.
Thanks for trying to 'SAVE' us Melissa!
While I was out having fun, the spring break disappeared :
im just gonna go to sleep now .
The 3 most important factors that influence home sales: price, price, price.
60 Minutes is breaking my heart right now.
Ugh.
If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you will be successful.
i give up is NEVER wanna follow me  .....!!!!:/ sad going to bed nd listen to Mi amor by Matt
aww we were so cute!
Good girl, no detention for you;3
same here!
He acts like a punk.
oh.
my.
gawd.
Let me look into that.
Hi Kimbra, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand campaigns  how brand is perceived.
DM?
Last panel for today at SOTN on the future of privacy law ...
Already some remarks about how US falls behind in this area.
My sweet hubby makes the best BBQ !!!
Wishing You a Wonderful Holiday!
And To a Happy, Healthy  Prosperous 2010!
i had a doctoram that Justin took me to subway in his car and got jealous.
why can't it be real :
I'm a reflection of the community.
Tupac Shakur
Congrats to Judge Sylvania Woods Elem.
School !
They just won 102 tickets to UniverSoul Circus  will join Cortneys Kids!
how many missed calls this season Ump?
I bet it was close to my batting average.
That would be hail in
awk moment when you get a friend request from someone w/ no mutual friends w/ you you're just wondering how they found you
weddingtips When you set up your wedding timeline, talk with your photog.
They can help make sure you set aside enough time for pictures.
DemonicDerek bad things will happen if you come through dungeons this year the icons are on a rampage!!
The very first time I saw the i fell in love with them.
ContentMarketing fans and NCAA Basketball fans: compare college teams to our industry's best.
Example:  Syracuse...
Go!
AND IIIIIIIIEEIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOUUUUUUUUAHHIIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!!
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if
I feel disgusting tonight.
:
thought he wanted a career, turns out I just wanted a paycheque
Just Got Home, iGuess It's HomeworkTime SIGH
Yikes buckle up here we go
Heading to Vero in T minus an hour
Worked on my paper today.
Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point.
yea yea
EARLY MORNIN HIGH!!!!
SO U KNO IM GOOD
If I had a nickel for every time I heard the phrase I played that song when it was a current!
from someone at the station I'd be rich.
and it's nights like these when i realize that this is really what i want to do with my life.
Let's go cetics!
That's crazy.
Send an email with that pic and your order .
We will send you a replacement immediately.
O CAN'T WAIT.please follow me.1 KOALA DANCE BOT
that would be insane...you figure they would have I have a season to close off all the story lines
Rumors swirling that bama RB Dee Hart has been kicked off the team.
I hit the favorite button on twitter accidentally like eight times a day and always feel guilty when I undo.
one direction
YES IT WAS LOL THANKS:
Im in my spanish class and im bored!:/
hmu lets vibe
Thanks for the follow!
Who knew Jim Belushi could be a uniter and not just a fucktard!
doctorss, pencil skirt, or doctorss pants???
There is something about encouraging words that gives you that extra boost of strength and belief.
m french toast for breakfast with a side of coffee : only 44 more days till Spenc is due today is shaping up to be an awesome Tuesday !
Thanks, !
Is there one cross you prefer over another?
I'm not sure if any of us watch it...
I know that 's wife does.
Maybe we could have a guest reviewer, ha ha
Even in positive ones.
did you finish annotating?
:
yes omg ma dad grounded me 4 like 1 week and hesiad no compute rand no ipod or anything elese it sucks bad but i still got on lol
Random doctornk lady on the bus telling me her life story and all the places she went tonight....
well, life is a bitch better know how to treat her...
dang,but life goes on,i am still fun,chill haley,i dont need a best friend to c that.
..girl training me is not really explaining anything to me :/ she gets SO flustered when I ask questions.
She's who I'm replacg
I love her!
Super happy to have her on the site.
thanks for the ranking!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
58
dang!!
Lol you did party
I find it funny that oomf texted right after they liked one of my new pictures I put on Instagram today.
Lol
Very true, but I can never focus on one thing for too long or I will lose interest and not do it.
The best part of you ran down your mothers ass crack.
I'm embarrassed...
about how good mine is 
iOS 5.1 now available over the air on iPhone and iPad.
But not your new iPad.
'Cuz you can't get into the Apple Store
It's sad that with time and space people will often reveal exactly who they are.
Especially when you thought more highly of them.
i wanna meet you.3
u are true friends
How's the website coming along?
trust me more dudes are thirstier than girls in my opinion, i mean i know some lol
somebody tell me how to upload a pic up in this !
Miss Latina Ethnic World will be held the first week in May in San Diego California.
You should have come down to Baltimore for Confirmed Stock!
Extremely complex conference call podcast?
Regardless, in.
Sleeping the rest of the day
That's great Steve.
The Barter Theatre puts on some great shows!
Yes Pls RT : OK, folks.
Now that you're back in the land of data plans and ample wifi, how bout sharing your fav arlis2012 links?
Agreed!
Headed back into the studio in a couple weeks so will have more to share before long.
But how will i ask you to play 500 annoying zynga games if you aren't on FB?
we better win tonight
Miami awaits ;
Thanking the big man above for waking me up another day.
Need a school Fundoctorising idea?
Sell Smoothies!
Inquire within.
7 more followers till 200.
HELP ME OUT?
3
Yes, I'm a fan, do you know if they have a show?
; Thank you back atchya!
Gingrich is a clown!
Child janitors, urban jobs, welfare...he doesn't have the slightest idea what he is talking about...
BACK!
:D
Good morning!
Taking a break from Zazzle artwork  spinning wool from our sheep for change of pace  soft blue heather yarn for now.
:
Getting ready to talk to about all of the fun publicity/marketing we've been working on.
Next week PureVolume will be streaming Paradise Fears' album on their website.
Who will be checking it out?!
Hi,I am new to seo and looking for some nice techniques which helps me can anybody share nice information with me.
I wish nap was a class they offered in college.
I'd ace it :
I'm a fan of the shoe option too..
that way we can get NIKE Fuelbands as well :
NFLrookie advice: Be honest with yourself about game performances.
That is where your image is established.
I can't wait until tomorrow night.
doctornks  fun hang out sessions with my girls :
Bow Down To Your Queen!
xD

you got it!
When first I looked into your eyes each breath became a thousand sighs.
My heart doctormmed out a thunder beat I glowed with joy in the gym
You don't have to be gorgeous to be happy.
But it's a lot damn easier to smile when you got teeth like mine.
Yup ask your PIC wait no ask Betty.
Your PIC at least knows I'm when I'm joking around.
doing my history project...
One half down, one to go.
Keep this up boys!
Hi Everyone.
How was your weekend?
I've walked by there at least once a week for the last two years  I have to try it!
Thanks!
Eagles are dealing Asante Samuel to the Falcons for a late round pick according to multiple reports
Everything is so slow...
think my computer is telling me it's Friday afternoon.
hell end up w at least 40, n Lakers will get the w
Every thing is going every were 
I had the most boring breakfast :/
Two things put some fucking pants on and fuck off!
What does a nosy pepper do?
It gets jalapeno business.
Thanks to for the follow.
Text message marketing is a great way to remind clients of an appoint or special offer.
Thanks for retweeting this lady!
You were such a pretty red crinkle!
3
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results.
You def should!!
If you want to be a singer it is always good to put yourself out there and get feedback!!
I'm setting up my newsletter access for my private real estate investors.
I C All Theze Look Alike 2Pacs Sayn He Still Alive 41 Years Ol N Shit.....
I Need 2 Hear A Voice Tho!
Gardner doubles Again!!
What just happened with the sneak peek?
thebachelorette totally cheesed out.
We know you have to pay the bills, but really.....
Twas the Friday before Christmas and not a decision maker to be found..only voice mail and unanswered emails graced the Christmas tree
Okay this chick's shorts are so short she should just wear a thong and call it day.
SOX: Another early lead for the RedSox today over the Mariners.
David Ortiz hit solo homer to right field with one out, B3.
10.
RT : Want free gourmet cookies?
You canget them today  Smoothie King!
Visit www.phreeps.com and log in to get more details!!
I get to goof around on Tumblr and Piknik today.
For work, mind you!
Playing handball at the YMCA!
haha.
ohh hunty..
you have no idea what we have in store for you ; You will love toddlers  tiara's!
Really wish I could have been there!
Glad you guys had fun.
I'll have a talk with Julian about the way he hit the bottle...
exchange in press conference was
haha hell ya.
Fuck that!
Give a nigga a bottle Tasmania
I'm very excited right now, fabulous tennis!!!
Go Caroline!!!
uhmmm Floyd did win though 
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x7
Thanks for the mention.
I'm glad people are digging the video.
Stephen
largest collection of stupidity, nosey people and whiners, maybe!
Don't waste your life in doubts and fears: spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour's...
Oh no just did a shot of Red Bull and something.
On the house.
What.
I'll report back in the AM
Its automatic, I'm a runaway train'
May 19th.
See ya then!
Yes, we are a headlamp family too!
The best!
nope, she is not...that I am aware of.
Five browsers installed, all display the same site a bit differently.
Isn't that kinda ridiculous?!?
Ok.
I get it..
If you can get Piwik installed internally on a Linux server, I you you'll like it.
Good luck!
I'm pretty sure it was a thong...I don't remember holding granny panties in my hands that night.
Goodnight and sweet doctorams.
ThoughtsWhileRunning I can't breath.
I'm going to die right now.
My name is nick long now!
Keep your true friends close because you never know when your going to lose them.and be unable to see them.again
Ancient fishing techniques and tools huh, that sounds pretty cool!
I like how the one time I let my mom tweet she gets retweeted right away.
Band Of Horses
Green chili cheese rice?
Why yes, I will have you for breakfast.
Git in mai bellah!
dinner time!
oii10 anecdote2: at the wine reception, we were surrounded by exhibits of dinosaurs and dodos
The avengers was fucking ill!
On imax screen....and thanos at the end avengers 2 on the way....
With the 28th Overall Pick, the Packers select USC DE/OLB Nick Perry.
thats a lot of years les
RT : Tupac is not really dead, or technology is crazy, either way I'm bugging out.
Tupacisback ?
thanks for calling Don's behavior what it is: I saw a woman in terror after a day of emotional abuse.
In school we should only learn the skills we need that we plan on using in the future, who agrees?
Come on down to the FireStoneDistrict...
and is cracking!!!
Come get ur gyros open till 3am!!!
When is it appropriate to ask my Twitter followers to vote on which corset I'm going to buy?
Is that ever appropriate?
Thanks for the support
And hits a double RBI bomb!
fridayreads still please look after mom
I'll take the blame, aqua seafoam shame!
your tumblr seems to not be working...
:/
24 the number you sent me is my favorite number: i love your bio, name,  tweets.
we should talk more:
I'm so grateful that I can help keep pets out of the vets for the most common problems.My next book is going to make life ezier than ever!.
I am over here dying
OH: Are the arrows not isosceles triangles?
Crazy to think a year ago was watching Lebron play the bulls.
Now he is guarding him.
60 Minutes...Kentucky Sheriff Scandal Story...Whitley county...should be interesting.
I have a hard time tolerating chronic lateness.
I grew up with it and think it's rude and selfish.
I'll cop a former colleague's oftused plea when it came to FXdoctorven outerspace fluff like this: I had fun!
everything sounds majestic with skies at the end of it haha!
Yo who is abort that person is too dope
There's a mouse in McAdams room
Thanks, sweet Michelle.
I'm sorry I didn't get to catch up with you over the weekend.
The volunteers rocked!!!!!
NOT POSSIBLE FOR EITHER ONE OF US
Bad news: catastrophic hard doctorve failure.
Good news: inbox zero!
i'm not italian!
why would i do that?
Need a skintervention?!
Facebook or call skin scholar, Ettia Tal for a custom skin care consult.
Oh for the love of pete
getting ready for the ceremony: wbu
Fall in love first.
oh I get up at like 6;45
I just ran 7.00 mi in 1:13:01 with a 10:26 min/mile pace using : Pace is slower than I'd like.
I'll blame beer and wings.
It's so sad..
All soaps are just bad.
Did u like scandal?
So bored.
love that Joyce Meyer quote!!
My car groans in agony
oh man, you know it!
haha
I'm about to take a shower ooh yea FRESH!
thumbs down!
Dont be afraid to try some dollar store generics.
Thats often where you can find the best deals.
Facebook gets Instagram for 1Billion.
Time to create an app.
I think I'll leave this week
Hey Portland  what websites do you visit to find out about local entertainment?
Boy this wind downtown is something else!
Shush it
and I ain't write a book but after u, I can read every female like a book!
100 lol 100 y'all are very predictable lol
Good luck tomorrow on the interview!
Kick its ass, SeaBass!!!
watching never say never makes me want to go back to July 6th 2010 3 I can't wait for the BELIEVETOUR 3
I accept this mission.
The shoes have been shined
Cubs Reds on tv.
RedSox Yankees later.
Stanley Cup Playoffs after that.
Good lineup today.
RT : Space.
.
.
the final frontier.
How cool is it that our lil ol' Armband is on the International Space Station...
Wrapping up sgia 2011 thank you for a great show!
Because they liked Bush less: the familiarity is actually an endearment.
hello my fav
Thanks Craig.
Yeah, lets keep you on the tech cofounder event.
You and I have been talking about doing that one for awhile.
Just had a very awkward five second conversation with Seth Rogen at
i desperately need to change my whole entire professorle but im way too lazy right now.
hmmphhh.
Teens havent worked out the norms of behavior Ex posted the breakup on Facebook before breaking up in person
Ok, ok enough of the retweets for the day.
Back to model making.
Are you doing or making anything different this Thanksgiving?
You will be a great addition to the 40 acres.
lol I forget now
ROGUE :Defined, intransitive verb: To weed out inferior, diseased, nontypical individuals from a crop plant or a field
Just because you're 5'2 doesn't make you tiny, every teenage girl in San Antonio is 5'2
congrats to all students graduating this weekend!
Henry Jenkins: Gov't can't regulate data mining.
We need to exert pressure from the bottom up to force companies to change
Happy FF to Travesty and all featured in our latest issue!
Who's your favorite tattooed star?
anyone got plans for Monday night?
Up front for He just used method of having crowd clap to up energy, awesome
Same Dunkin, same coffee order ..
Never the same result.
sigh DD I love you but you disappoint with ratio every other time.
2nd favorite Swedish phrase  Knul Ruefs English Translation  Fuck hair.
Meaning  hair after you fuck or messed up hair.
Brooks will be a nice asset as a backup combo scoring guard.
Will be interesting to see if he extends
no flowers, please.
I bet everyone hates the train when on their way to somewhere lol
Unicorns are real, they are just fat and we call them rhinos.
At Swan Lake with my girls.
They are psyched.
I am hoping to stay awake.
Glad for their energy and excitement.
so IN
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene!
IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Twitter its having a glitch
ok ok sorry I know how bad ass those guys are
I've been doctornking ALOT of vodka this week with a HOT friend of mine,plus its a Kanye West song I like
you have no phone...
oh my ur night sounds ridiculous were u the one who poured beer on ...
can't wait til wedding
I miss you too!!!
When are we going to hang?!?
Hahaha oh man...totally true!
Lot's of unrealistic pressure in the gay community for SURE.
Yes he is !
Soo ?
You're so racist : I'll make him love you !
You two are officially going out now.
I told him you said yes
Good morning!
God is Great!
I believe he will do something great in all 4 of my services today!
: I think we are sitting with Jesus.
Integrity, transparency and open communication are key traits for a healthy organization or business of any size.
Laptop Speakers: Not loud enough for music, but too loud for porn
celebrating role of in helping us to tap the talent to solve biggest challenges.
The piano is a really underestimated instrument.
I can truly make a decent song great when used right.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
George Bernard Shaw
Have a great Saturday everyone!
I figured you'd approve ;
big fan big fan.
Ciao Marie : take care
Tonight is preschool graduation.
26 students from our preschool program will be moving on to elementaryschool.
Congratulations!
how's Mason?
thanks for following..
I should probably learn how to tweet, before I try to tweet
I hate to brag, but just gave me half a sammy from Salumi!
You're the best!
you too thanks
should do some homework but is not motivated at all...
No, we're here, we're here!
will have to ask you all about it!
:
haha ok but why????
She was Simone in FBDO : I bet Kristy Swanson's biggest regret in life is Flowers in the Attic.
Second to Dude Where's My Car
Some people can't doctorss nowadays
Im Ready To Party :D Bye Twitter Talk To Yall Later .:
Bruno Mars fan, right here.
who won what awards?
: NASCAR Cup qualifying for the BojanglesSo500 starts at 5p ET on Who do you think will get the pole?
I wonder if Chris will retaliate against you for gettn on hiz azz about messin wit Rihanna or maybe he juz bullies girls
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I will meet you anywhere tomorrow please I wanna meet you for my birthday
At the Tarry Lodge in Port Chester, NY for an early dinner.
It is my first time.
Great company too!
Flight to SF is BOOKED!!
Let the meal planning begin!
thats a good point.
It seems that there is more opportunity for infection in a barn than in your home.
Heyy u yea u fuck u
Yu Watch Ur Kids Beat On Their Boyfriends/girlfriends ...
It Must Happen Within The Home Sadly
So I'm listening to and is the featured video.
stayhappystayweird rules!
Can not believe CO did not help itself by not allowing a lower rate for undocumented students to attend college.
Sad.
Another day of school
Yes.
If students get on board, there's real hope to change the culture.
Ultimately this is about them
where do you get good tamales in Allen?
Good seeing u: RT : Ran into for the ThinkLikeAMan premiere
6pm?
is that okay?
I been good love, you?
This is fantastic, how did I not watch this before??
Be sure to exercise at least 3x per week for a balanced life.
Walking, running, jumping, sit ups, push ups, anything you enjoy!
you doctornk!
I miss you too, I wish we were as close as we used to be!!
I'll Have Another requested a lifetime supply of free Doritos Locos Tacos.
excited i made the bettercheddar list.
puts a check on ye olde bucket list ;
first time!
coworker gave rave reviews, so I thought it was about time.
any suggestions?
Tough holding these Temptations........
Chilling with
How that midterm going?
lol
I came home from school to a fullycharged iPod with a brand new case.
ThatsRare ThanksMom :
It went really well.
Got 2 play a lot of originals  older songs I haven't played in a real long time.
How was ur weekend?
Strawberry sweet tea is legit stuff!
I love my Magic!!!
Not used to this hybridshuttingoffatintersections shit, I always stomp on an imaginary clutch so it won't die.
Stupid environment!
RT : RT : 20 days left!
Vote YES to the merger.
Can it be December already???
The world keeps turning.
I'm getting dizzy.
Just cried to my mom
I had the weirdest doctoram about me dying at a water theme park.
reached Version 11!!!
If there's one thing I learned from past labmates, it's that a paper becomes stable at v11.
Same shit, different day.
Just heard this little girl whine in Spanish...sounded so familiar...some things are universally understood
Did IT forget to turn on mobile blackboard or is it gone for good?
Anyone know?
We have never heard the Devils side of the story, God wrote all the book.
Anatole France, author, Nobel laureate.
thanks!
yours is pretty cool too : love the halo!
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick.
Don't lose faith
Anutha BiggestTurnOff...
If a guy think a woman suppose2take care of him..How does dat make u a MAN!!
Wtf
The first day of Designer Month went well!
Come next Tuesday to talk to Richard about great interior design ideas!
good 2 see you last night!
thanks, I'm new to twitter, just realized I got this message lol!
i'm a little slowmo with this twitter thing.
thanks dudes.
Thank you for all you bring to the web!!
Friends and family I know u mean well.
PLEASE DONT TEXT MY PHONE HAPPY NOTHING.
SaveOurClinics mental health services are so needed; many end up homeless.
Across the Nation: teens, Vets, abused,...need help
I just called...to say...I love you...
I've lived it.
Read them all and actually reading first again now.
I play a game center tech in the film.
Enjoy.
Its quiet...too quiet.
NO.
Permit test first then you take doctorver's ed do your hours i believe and take license test.
Truth is we wouldnt know where 2 start off 2 dance like a stripper.
Lolz!
thanks for the retweet!
Have a great weekend.
RT Scola and Martin probably two most underrated players in NBA.
I 3 Fez lmao and my baby bro talks JUST LIKE HIM!!!
looking at how to use and a combination of recording apps and Web 2.0 tools to replace language lab:
Holy Crap!!!
I have 500 followers!!!
Can I get a wha wha!!!
Spending a few days down South with the grandparents.
Good ol quality time 3
Not sure  what did you search for?
Which tweet?
Are you ready for us, Bowe?
:
You can't judge me for my ringtone of Harry
when you go on prom?
What's up Juan!!
Good to see you on Twitter.
I like being able to slowly read my Micro and then watch Community in the comfort of my own home!
:D
just checking
anyway.
how are you?
:
A late breakfast cupcake??
yummmms
Oh Friday how I've missed you!
I thought you had left me forever xoxo
Ban college football, now that's going to be an interesting debate topic
Hey there DataFesters  are you learning lots today?
Let's hear about it!
Good to hear!
I've been looking forward to this for weeks.
I want the first mixtape or cd then.
Good morning beautiful Tuesday!
Exciting and very cool opportunities on the horizon.
The team never ceases to amaze  inspire!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Follow me please?
;
Milwaukee Ave bus smells like cocoa and BenGay.
Blessed are those who painstakingly spell out their email addoctorsses to cashiers, for they shall inherit store coupons.
Seriously dying for a donkin donuts caramel latte.
Bucs against the dolphins tonight i think the Bucs will win i hope : at 7 tonight
Everything's not lost
I think he got knocked unconscious and hyperthermia set in.
Good morning tweet machine.
Keep up the good work over there
thanks girl 3
RT : PHOTO: When a local animal shelter got 92 puppies in 1 day, Nuremberg donated towels to keep them warm...
Sweet!
Wonder if I can walk in those.
Mom tried boots on my once.
I didn't move.
hee hee
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Now eating a big water melon wanna see
zeno6to6 no can do tonight.
Tomorrow brunch?
Looking forward to joining and today on a social media panel for the NM Press Women 2012 Annual Conference!
was actually good in college.
I would like to invite you to come to my BNI meeting.
Would you like to know more?
Omg I'm on twitter!
Yep, it's that time of day for the office above mine to burn a bag of popcorn
Big surprise no one threw a party for FF, dirtysoap the party was after she was gone!
I'm 22 years old I look like 30 tho : you?
We officially applied to Tech Stars Sunday night, thank you for all your support.
The journey begins.
Since the real Q101 went off the air.
Sherman and Tingle helped us put this together along with the rest of the Q101 staff
sounds fun?
is the table for quilting purpose?
I know an heirloom tomato when I see one and I'm not convinced that was an heirloom.
Just like not convinced ur a Bears fan.
smh and u talking crazy?
Tighten up sis lol
He said she said stuff...im like really?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt 
Austin loves Olive Garden!
Evertime he goes he get's the '5 Cheese Ziti' : RT if you like Olive Garden 
Seafood firm says it doesn't expect virus at Nova Scotia fish farm to spread  Winnipeg Free Press
Check it.
He can actually cook.
Blah, Blah, Two Nuns and a Pack Mule joke.
or Like most of his work its not over produced.
Earbuds in  music on.
Sitting on front deck after a hectic day.
Time 2 sit  think about what needs to be done.
i like so happy right now i just got new flats that are adorable , earrings an bows then i come home too more than 8 purses an moree jewelry
watching boys follow girls perfume
I'm not you bf
austintransmedia meeting interesting people
mifflin2012's winding down with Ball's arrest rather than a riot.
Says a lot about how the event is a relic.
no way either of them are really dudes
this memory made me so happy!
oh but i was so annoyed during that game.
a lever!
yeah right!
Purdue had it....
Then lost it.
If you show me respect, then I'll show you respect.
But if not, go fck yourself.
All the kids got up to watch My Hearts a Stereo.
Perfect for tweensagers.
I like it too.
of Course bby
Listening to LL Cool J ft Lyfe Jennings  Freeze...
damn what happened to Lyfe?
Still time to get your business into Bucky Book 21.
Call 4413910 for more info.
and righttowork for less.
hear abt attempt to introduce rhythmic dance to Norwegians.
Too Late?
:
Google Ordered to Stop Copyright Violations on YouTube
HA!
Great observation.
Never thought of that but you're right.
Don is soon to be lost.
Very lost.
But he's a fighter so...
Check out Fashion Statement Inc.
on blogger!
148 Cappers have their picks posted today with consensus on the Patriots, Giants  Un and line moves are with them..See ya at the window
Cause titles that suggest constipation are cool.
RT : Overheard at pivotcon chief movement officer
Rappolos named worst pizza in ATX.....anyone really surprised there?
RT Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story...
ya I shouldn't say that so ill stop just for you :
what's wrong????
Temple University Press' annual Holiday Book Sale at Temple University's Diamond Club, 1913 N.
Broad Street,11am2pm through December 2nd!
I'm watching Lifetime!
BEST MOVIES EVER!
aww this old guy just dumped his nachos on the ground after he stood in the long line.
I feel bad I wanna go buy him some more D:
what?
i think you may be the third to last to hear.
though i suppose a man has an easier time hiding pregnancy, no?
I work with a good group of folks at , glad to be part of the team.
Wishing a Happy 20th Birthday!!
Best thing on TV early AM Sun  Thurs!
My backpack weighs, not kidding, 9.3 pounds.
thanks for the shout out!
Lawl.
Yes your boobs are huge.
:D
are you showing THAT kid or another kid???
is it THAT kid who cant take a hint??
Just finished LANoire.
RedDeadoctordemption and L.A.
Noire kill the protagonist?
Red Dead ending was tight but Noire's...weak.
Step brothers is the best movie of all time:
Will the Yankees make it?
Thirteen Host Cities Announced for 2012 Amgen Tour of California LOS ANGELESAfter reviewing
Maybe it won't rain, but we're glad you have no problem singing in it.
See you Friday!
Looking forward to leading the Harnessing Mobile Tech panel in an hour with a great group!
A consumer today is more likely to avoid a brand that claims perfection and choose one that is more controversial.
Remember when it used to be unacceptable to talk to strangers online...
LOL.
That time is long gone.
Yes please.
my phone dies way too easily
Already finished lunch, I was
you are always working...
where do you even work?
Very difficult to praise in tweetlength citations.
Bored out of my mind
.
at Doritos stage.
If you're in the area...don't miss it.
There's a big crowd enjoying the show from street.
SXSW in the hizzous
RFT RT I hate my phone charger :/
That's awesome!
Can't wait.
Enjoyed TSAW ATL 2011.
Is it Still gonna be  14th St playhouse?
i know you're excited about the atdi reunion.
you think they'll be rolling through?
thanks for the words of wisdom El Capitan!
AYE LOOK AT YO LAST MENTION FROM ME.
..I JUST DID!!!
We proudly recommend and support
Change of plans.
At the Hungry Monk.
Looks promising.
rocks..and it's less than a 5 minute walk from our front door.
Ideally, as many ppl will listen tonight as heard the original.
Hard to do, of course, but I admire the effort.
Which venue should host BeerCon this year?
Athletes First prevail in OT  heck of a game...
It was scary talking and then seeing the sun come out..
on a school night!
x.x I miss buster  candy!
thanks girly!!
; this one is just to wear without a pick!
For fun!
:
Uugh...
lions, tigers and bears in Ohio Ooh my!
: Everyone have a glass of ice water right now, fucking delicious
Phillies hitting for the cycle...in the 9th
Christ, as a light illumine and guide me.
Christ, as a shield overshadow me.
Christ under me; Christ over me; /RT
Just about everything is leaking, broken, and needs to be replaced.
It has almost 200000 miles on it, but still, this sucks.
I already did, 3 count!
THAT FUGAZI ASS GUCCI BELT.
Yes and...Welcome new followers!
ONCE UPON A TIME there was a girl  a boy who loved each other then a slut came along  ruined everything.
THE END.
Now THAT I could never do!
:
Sitting by the pool, catching some sun..
Sounds good to me.
hey taylor im a big fan of yours i was wondering where do u get the inspiration to sing most of your songs?
My hunger game involves my friends and me gorging ourselves on beef brisket and smoked chicken until we fall into a gluttonous stupor.
I dont want a boyfriend i need a boyfriend
Sell telecoms products and services?
Are you getting 100 of the professort?
Call us to find out about our Channel Partner recruitment doctorve..
I hate this school and want to leave
Awesome!
I will keep you updated : And I will see you soon!
I am turning SXSW into a giant selfhelp session to fix my burnout, focus and efficiency issues.
I'm a very sensitive person .
Dear Patrons: Please stop putting books that have been discarded back on the shelves.
hate wen my sneakers get dirty
I use iMovie..
it's BEYOND easy!
Our DesignerAccessorySale is restocked today  tmw!
RT: they keep putting new stuff out!
Whatever June dates you have, send them over; we're putting the calendar together now!
and not so much fun for the hygenist who is working in there!
good for you!
Anything I should read?
I've been a reading fool lately.
Last year I bought over 30 eBooks from Amazon.
Rule1 during arguments: If you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
sloww jams too endd my night ..
Anyone have a laptop I can use so I can hunt for jobs while I do it?
Oh my goodness, a room full of candy in the Senate??
Thank you JLD, now I am running for office...
i mean really, who uses a mouse anymore?
They are going to short line some tracks, and add more cars on others in certain segments.
Roshon  You've earned my VOTE!!!
Wishing you and yours a lovely holiday season!
Enjoy your candy!
Competition is a doctorving factor.
Your competitor expressed an interest, may be the most powerful phrase you can add to any sales pitch.
keep making amazing music please :
informative RT RT About to head to whole foods in Bellingham to promote the best energy bar in the world!
: NEVER get your hopes up!
You will just be disappointed in the end!
thetruth nevertrustanyone
having a problem with basic functionality  my default CakePHP install loads a missingcontroller message at the project root proj/ ...
Kitty's razzmatazz factory has been working overtime.
This tweet has nothing to do with the overload of sequin doctorsses on the red carpet.
Now that is the truth.
Top ten again plus a judges awarrd :
no, it's just easier that way.
hi kevin, I dont think I have ever tweeter at you before, feels good.
Hey there!
What's the best way to get a press release to you?
can you do me a favor?
I made a few copies of it for myself, so I don't need it.
Do I need to contact the JMS office to let them know?
Left is Right  Bulgaria's Next Envoy to Switzerland to Quit LeftWing Party  Sofia News Agency
Eww if miley Cyrus Is in the hunger games movie I'm gonna cry
females need to stop wasting my mutha fuckin time with this bullshit
It's nice in DC.
I might stay outside until it's time to leave work.
Laundoctor  ...clean clothes great feeling
I hung with the worst of them
Awesome Mies Google Doodle today!
The whistling is a nice touch, AND ensures that the song will be an indie music hit...
two or three years ago.
Jim
About time!
babysteps : BREAKING: Obama to : I think same sex couples should be able to get married.
Considering a pedal buying spree.
Fulldoctorve 2 Mosfet coming this afternoon.
What next?
Just finished a rigorous evening of Adobe Illustrator training for school.
It's a bit tougher than Photoshop, but much better to design in.
We are having a great time jamming in the brewpub tonight!
Dear Universe  I hear you about slowing down.
You can stop sending stomach cramps.
remindme why JoPa should still be coaching?
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked.
You may now kiss my ass!
If you're a MKE Co worker and you or a family member takes a medication every day, you can't use the pharmacy of your choice anymore.
Ever since our break shyt anit been the same
Just heard what has to be the 11 or 12 fire truck doctorve by today, probably headed to another ax.
Be safe out there people.
Gotcha.
Feel free to DM me with what you think because I'm very interested in other views.
:
I can't wait til Brandy's new album doctorps!
At Adventure Theater with the preschoolers...so excited to see Alexander and the terrible , horrible no good very bad day..,,
Working Sundays suck
Why are the CBS announcers so bad?
2 weeks in a row they confuse Torrey Smith with a dude WITHOUT doctorADS!!
Come on!!
Only me and my niggas, tell her bring a friend or two....
will you be at school tomorrow?
Haha good times?
more like great times!
LoL but of course I remember :
I think he's a pretty interesting dude, and definitely someone you could have good discussions with about religion.
Over 450 subscribers to scoutinghoops.com!
Thank you coaches!
: in customer service : Ghetto bitches always get jobs..
Why tho????????
Or the DMV.
concert.
Common is the man.....dc.
dc swing, raggae.
Everything
When is Golf season?
Come on Minnesota Warm up a little.
Lol
Technology budget for podcast: 0 for software.
Some hardware costs, depending on what's lying around...
Just 20 minutes away from my last test of the semester.
Getting excited...
Smoking mid is like a gulp of steel reserve
DO U RENT THE BIKES?
Something I just read that is very thought provoking.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
because it would have been funner i wanted you come to the hotel party yo
Thank you for the shout out.
Hope you float on your cloud right into the New Year!!!
oh ok hhaha ur lucky tht urgoin to the same school as ur friends :/ all my friends r goin somehwere else :/
cycling  Bikram yoga really inspires!
She's glowing with emotion...
Then they get pissed that u don't know how to spell their dumbass name...
Love the Schoodle's too!
I think Muffet, Kayley and Lucy would get alone beautifully!
Wit dem franchise boyaaz
he is
That's all and of at TEDMED  hope you had a chance to meet, they LOVED your talk!
New favorite beerShiner Bock.
Thanks to for bringing some to the game 2 weeks ago and getting me hooked.
Some creepy, very unattractive doctornk guy told me I was pretty Greeeatttt
I did a quick interview during my lunch break.
I'm stoked for the EP they have in the works.
I don't think this kid realizes this is just a class project, not an actual pitch
Enjoy town car deals with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
alright!
Well any updates on the new Sonics?
It's like some freakin' GAME SHOW which is totally detached from reality.
i will get my life on track cuz i depend on no one but yea thas right me
Pleased to meet you, twitter.
At the rate 's moving, I'm never going to be ready in time.
waiting on 's porch for them to come home.
I am the real life stoop kid.
I'm not gay!
: wish people would stop saying that.
It's not updated daily, if you read the article it is a composite poll of their most recent data.
Looking good so far
Just watched the pilot the other day.
Didnt feel i related to any characters, bt the family doctorma felt somehow relatable/authentic
not sure I like an announcement for an announcement.
You're right.
But it's still a secret!
The future is not what it used to be.
Yogi Berra
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.Aristotle Onassis
Enjoy!
RT :House full of teenage laughter, sweat  hard work as a Hudson High School DI team practices...
I don't think 3 year olds understand your mom jokes...
psbibliophile: slaname sla2009 I'm studying in hopes of a career dealing with books  among other things.
Librarian's not a dirty word.
i hate the way we do it, culturally: it's like being beaten over the head.
but my day is full of love  i am grateful.
Senate approves bill to count all writein votes.
All voters deserve to have their vote counted with AB 504.
time to buy stock....
feesaccruing : any luck justpressplay?
I'M NOT YOUR FUCKIN MUMMY!
love dat line GOMOMMA whoops forgot you ain't da Mummy haha, sad girl died tho even if she was mental :
Not Aramis Ramirez's night.
2 AB with bases loaded.
02, with a double play RBI and a ground out.
It's Sunday...
let 'em toot away.
Something about Nas playing Nicki Minaj's love interest in the Right By My Side video doesn't seem right.
I'm calling it right now, MJ was killed by his shadyass livein doctor.
all over it
well 4 day weekend was fun but back to gym!
Only my family would have 9 cakes for dessert to chose from lmfao
The Orange County Department of Education has implemented the Vcube Seminar platform.
Im on a Joan Cusack kick right now.
Let me know the title and about where it fails.
I'll look in to it.
About to kill it at Niagra in alphabet city
lmao look at how skinny I was!
I'm sure you have heard the new Gareth Emery  Concrete Angel but JOC and Aly  Fila have some sick remixes
Fab Design Tip: Decorating your home is a journey.
Enjoy the process and the unexpected inspirations along the way.
She's talking about a Japanese poet she admires....Rogers is
Graveyard shift watching training day
This rain better stop 
OWIF: Hey, I think my flight and K's flight are going to land at the same time!
Thanks for the logo!
I neve thought of it this way but you are 100 correct, Why don't agent's say we are tired of paying the broker?
when is coming back so we can hang?
: Uh, oh.
Someone wanting to know if we're giving Google our stuff with calendars.
Bah.
il2011.
will come up tho
I'll take a coke, please.
:
Grant with his 500th career goal!!!!
Mammoth 13, bandits 11.
I wish you could be on the VMA's 3 that would be amazing for everybody
They better not splash my phone or there's gonna b a doctorwned kid in the news tonight lol
Hey Nyle err Billy err Gary err Harrison err Kip err Bubba err Dane err Rick err Marty err Peter.
How are you Martin?
Err Jay?
Juror 11 is a loser
This is utterly confounding: .
Scary Movie 2  The Amityville Curse NOW PLAYING in the Actorshelper Halloween Page!!
I hate going to the school..
lmao but they would be so beautiful!!!
Uh oh Ginger on Ginger crime...haha Bonner with the Block
Austin wins!
He gets a cookie c: So everyone else stop DMing me :b Lol
Couple Red Stripes And Asian Zing Wings!
Saw the raven.
Wasnt all that great.
Don't go see it.
It felt super short and didn't have much to it.
Sounds awesome!
Yay I'm excited 
Stumbling along
The Main Girl In 'The Dark Knight' Is Ugly AF!!
:0
thank you love...
I hope you  everyone, loves the work..
for me, I hope they lead to even more roles !
Lifelong !
Lol
Jennifer HudsonChills
I love laughing
i'm excited for you!!!
hahah damn i wish i could've gone the 2nd day 
I told you you need to rock tht sequence doctorss.
I think we tweeted sequence at the same time

best of luck and see you soon :
Good Morning ::
Okay, you, first, must send me the titles.
I'll, then, resonate with the one title which interests me the most.
so good!!
The jcash version that is.
is this the first time you seen ?
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
Garson Kanin
Launching a new website with my son: ck out reptaquatics.com.
Comments?
And, No, it's not finished yet.
Toews scores in his 1st game back!
The return of captainin serious!
10 days until Opening Day.
Best time of the year.
If I could instantly be friends with anyone, it would be Dave Davison.
Hands down.
Never had a chance to see this movie, but I do hear it's pretty good tho.
Hope to check it out real soon.
Shittin Me..My baby momma dumber than an antique
Also from : Rick elevatedbillirubin
Ogw CSV seems to be popular.
I am a fan.
I also like RSS for data updates.
I'm wondering which Zelda songs I'll be playing on my May 7th concert.
Garbage is in my top 5 favorite bands of all time, so I think my guy would allow it.
;
Ay dios, shakes head at you
we're all pretty hott.
can you DM us here?
aw, she had an acceptance speech meltdown
Whoopsiedaisy.
That's worth a few runs...
Set my phone background to a pic of Katie and Brogan so now everytime I look at it I feel a mix of happy with underlying sadness
The four B's, Brothers,Basketball,Beer, and the Boys, going to be a great week.
Just like Bart Scott said....Can't Wait!!!
what are you doing.
follow me if bored.
There's NOTHING about him saving a cat from a tree!!
I hate fake people
Aw rats!
I caught you on an off night.
Getting ready for Marketing EBooks/EReaders.
Glad to see that someone else likes to use the dash too.
suck my balls Beet
Wishing everyone in Tucson a safe Father's Day weekend.
Remember that Naughtons is open Saturday  Sunday for all of your cooling needs.
dont waste your time on njit, 1 no girls at all, 2 professorssors are ass, you gotta basically teach your self.
I want a relationship, not a relationshit.
Call me old fashioned but i really like getting love letters instead of a text message.
.
yeah, idc though..
i'm not going back to North next year anyway, soo
Like great blues?
Catch 9PM every Monday  1 block east of Farwell.
Man I did it big for Wifey 2day..Dinner Flowers delivered to the house then a doctorve around town..Oh Boo..Im the shit!!!
What did you think of it?
HAHA!
The Gf just paraphrased Silence of the Lambs  Have the cows stopped mooing, Leslie?
Haha.
And yeah, that, too.
RT and to keep you from Bellevue
You knob
Constant prayer to the Lord will change your behavior because you will realize that God is with you and in you!
bummer!
I ate too much funnel cake at the folk fest and felt a little sick, but no viruses thankfully.
I can't hear you over the sound of your own bullshit.
lol no u cant
Kerr's best argument may be team concept RE: AAU system cultivation.
Even if some college programs are subpar...
followfriday for always being supportive of local artists and our shop.
says Awful facility for large crowds.
Line out door and hearing room overfull savekcmetro
I need to start sleeping with my phone on vibrate.
All of the boys tweets kept waking me up.
Sittin' up front and ready to go!
RT : shehechat starts in just a few minutes.
Any early birds?
: Call your sold out prostitute senators and congress,
aw, thanks!
Glad you were there for tech support.
Come out and enjoy the beautiful weather and then at 8 take in some trivia in our basement.
A big thanks to our walk volunteers  many who have been setting up since 5 a.m.
Can we worry about the NFLlockout before we worry about the NBAlockout please?
Looking fwd to our chat TONIGHT for prospy studnts!
Get any ?s answered by current studnts  8pm EST.Check american.edu/admissions to log on
We love this!
It's Minnesota.
:
Wow what a day!
Phone calls with advisors and friends.
Lots of good advice.
Grateful!!
Looks like I'm moving to the South :
Weve only got just one life, this Ive learned, so who cares what theyre gonna say?
Patch Adams and Jeff Van Gundy are both trending...what's going on here, what year is this?
From school to the Airport from the Airport to D.R.
cant wait
dope song and vid bro.
THANK U DEB..
U2
you know you love this life.
man i need to be done with mdc already 
Oh 50 HWY your too dead for my liking
how did you know?!!
Good idea RT : Myrland Marketing Moment: Take your best Powerpoint presentation, record your voice over it,  post for clients.
Loved it
and good luck with that '66 Montrose  I'm not convinced it will be worth doctornking
You were in my doctoram last night.
np, miss you too :
that's too bad!
It's 75 here in MN!
Maybe you should consider moving back :
SlowFood Rochester farm dinner was a blast!
Who would've thought that Honeyhill Farm's CSA members were all gourmet chefs?
Plants live best in pairs and only water it twice a week otherwise you'll over water it.
Any less and you'll underwater it.
RT : Dwight Howard hits the streets for NBA Jam  Joystiq: EA set up an NBA Jam arcade cabinet out on the street in N......
Home cooked meals, fires, patios.
Chilling at the bellagio.
What a sweet hotel.
Happy Valentine's Day!
What are you doing for your sweetheart today?
Don't forget to check out for your date night!
Thanks to all of our Twitter Friends and Facebook Friends!
We are ONE like away from hitting 70!
That's super exciting!
If chooses aka Gov.
Ultrasound as his running mate, we will have a Bob Forehead matching set.
5TH ANNUAL FALLEN SOULJAS PICNIC MARCH 18TH THURGOOD PARK HAMPTON  67 FREE FOOD  FREE CRANKS!!!!!
Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat since 1983
I've never been.
Take lots of pics.
I wanna go to NY so bad.
Can't wait to visit the east coast  some point.
All they do is hate hate on my crew.
Heading to Battledecks
What are you proud of today?
Me too!
You are a great host!
RT : Thank you guys for last night!
We had a lot of fun
haha me too.
I mostly watch Victorious, Austin  Ally, How to Rock now :
fantastic!
That makes me :
Swung on and there it goes!
That ball is high!
It is far!
It is...GONE!
John Sterling
That would be awesome!
Definitely let me know!
I'll look into both of those when I return mine.
Damn Now Im Sleepy .
.
i just spent 300 on combat boots on aldo.
Sounds like doesn't have the rights to that cup...
Is the debate whether to put it on something or eat it with a spoon?
I can't imagine how anyone could dislike Nutella.
Ok.
Stupid question: How do I get multiple photos on my INSTAGRAMED PHOTO OF .
Thanks.
RT : Cool: our Text A Librarian service is coming this week.
Text us with your questions
it's actually just using core aggregator and pulling in a twitter search rss feed and then displaying the doctorpal aggregator block
Love them another Legendary Group
umm,ill go if they go :
Chilling with today :
2012 Tip: Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100 of their replacement value
Escape isn't impossible  it's just escape into a different genre.
EXTREMELY sore...
Well, I did know that word before but is the world's foremost portmantexpert.
I believe he was innocent..
without ESPN u wouldn't have even known about it.
If it was pujols would u believe him?
then y suspend him?
Is it because of colors of his jersey?
Yes  RT : do you use it  VERY convenient but also very pricey.
adequate is what is being provided by 95, definitely not a differentiator
You comin with ya auntie and uncle to see unseen beast
ooh!
One of my best friends works there!
Been meaning to check it out.
People who buy coffee mainly at doctorve through windows on their way to work spend as much as 2 days a year waiting in line.
.
Damn straight!
Keep it up, Sir!
Can't wait for you to give a clinic on proper science comm at the next thirstdc main event!
The guy you like must be mentally deficient.
I'd say it's time to like someone who will appreciate you as a person!
Watching My Cat From Hell.
I love this show!
animalplanet channel.
And it's on for another episode!
So it's no longer Tebow time.
I just have to renew my license in the morning then I'm open.
Sometime after 10am.
The show in C.A.
was awesome.
U tell a nigga u gotta bf  he STILL asks for your  ,smh
I love parents being a bigger shit show then their kids at bars.
I want a pussy massage too;

thanks buddy
To the people walking out of culvers, I'm sorry for saying how was everything tonight?
Best.Ever.
RT : Thanks dear Kimmy.
: Happy Birthday, mister T!
: 
F our lives
thank you!!!
xxoo I need Twitter 101!
LOL I still haven't mastered this!
Hope Cali is treating you well!
: 
Good to hear.
They were pretty rad.
There's a Flickr group you can post some too, and they'll show up on website.
Which time zone are you in now?!
Operation; HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Kill The Bitch
Full house at the Washington County Quorum Court meeting
purchased a lemon cake to enjoy during gameofthrones tonight
Two huge losses in the NFL  Da'Quan Bowers and Phil Taylor.
Both teams will be significantly worse along the defensive line.
What's the world up to tonight?
RT So many bad ads during mad men: internet explorer, google plus and especially miller64
Yes, it's legit.
Check it out.
You'll be glad you did.
3 readers of which 2 must be positive.
Easy to say revise and resubmit.
Reviewers now have to agree to read again.
Remember how missiles were stolen out of Libya during the crisis and a helicopter gets shot down by the Taliban.
Hm?
Get at least 32g.
You'll need it once apps start having assets for ipad retinal.
I think she is very talented.
The Weeknd is ethiopian?
wow come down
Where are all my tattoo models at?
A day for dave...
Coffee with friends, the gym and a massage :
Looks like the Brady Bunch are headed back to the Super Bowl for the 4th time!
Only like the Pats bcz Brady was a MichiganWolverines QB
so do ours: we love St Joe
Get well, get well soon.
We wish you to get well.
the same to you!
:
It sucks when you know you need to let go, but can't because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
Nationwide Model Search
Redsox better win today all I'm gonna say!
hey twitter fam FYI, I'm getting married!
in Provence, this August.
c'est fou, mais c'est siiii bon
Good morning to the world..
Don't 4 get to Thank the BIG man that woke us up thank you JESUS....
Sure thing....
New web design coming soon.
Thanks for calling me a bitch, that's the kind of level headed and mature response I've come to expect from your side.
Plaxico Burress went to Michigan?
I thought he went to Pen State.
is bored and can't wait for July 1st.
I love your openness 
Thanks for the tweet out.
Can't wait to help you make your big day a memorable one.
Great to finally connect.
I'm looking forward to your contribution to CatsOnDinner Which reminds me...
poutiiiiiiiine!
Sounds like fun!
:
I can't wait until tonight's game.
I feel like I'm playing
aussies are so amazing, aww so proud to be an australian citizen :'
WhenAustin hangs out with Alex and makes COOL MORNING videos!
:D
Flipcups.com is ready to Add more Shirts for summer, and to release a Brand New Website in a WEEK...
Will let you know When its Ready
and more on the way in June!
Mark Daniel has updated www.MarkDanielMusic.com with a few new things.
Overheard  Guy: If ur free, I'd luv 2 take u 2 dinner.
Girl: Sure.
But we don't have 2 bother with dinner if you don't want 2.
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U!
I LOVE U SO MUCH  HAVE FUN IS ASIA!
6
I feel bad for Bard...he wants to start, the team wants him to start, but since the fans are panicking he won't hear the end of it.
ANGIE DID YOU EVEN GO TO BED
sorry half sleep I was trying to say if they don't throw the playoffs this year we a get it
I will never understand, in life, why the Electric Slide or anything in that genre exists ESPECIALLY in a Cowboy joint.
TWOSTEP,PLEASE!
Thanks !
We're superpsyched....
Hi!
My name is Zarina, I like to sing!
:D
FF !
He is an overall indescribable dude.He's Really sweet and funny.
I love him!
Follow him!
:D
I just grabbed a shark bacon platter
OED: storminess G.
Huddesford You, like Lunar beam, Thro' my nimbosity arise; Dispensing, from your lucid eyes, Refocillating gleam
only got an hour playa
My 14yearold is soloing along to doctoram Theater.
I love days when he has only a little homework and can get right to his passions.
You do an absolutely awesome job for the Falcons and represent our city well.
Thanks for all you do and get well soon!
Days pass and feelings fade, Im wondering if you regret that decision you made.
ooh no yess something must b up
: If you're an adult man  you get excited about a pair of sneakers I will slap your face.
Everybody in L.A got some thugg in them.
Back in ohio .
I trusted you , and you tricked me .
It's always the same bullshit with you .
He was the creative force behind the Marlins home run celebration...thing.
yeah she can sing, but there are others there too like who are brillant you need to give her some credit.
Donald Swearer has a book like that; I forget the title.
Dane Co.
Sheriff's Elise Schaffer: They're hoping it continues to be peaceful.
They want to give people access and let others work.
beta members get advance notice of sponsor offers for life.
Since each offer is limited, this means you get first dibs.
Join now!
the government would preserve/store surplus goods, abolishing the practice of destroying surplus food.
Follow this gorgeous girl!
She tweet's daily and always adds amazingly hot photos!
Please RT 3!
Xx
what's that jeff hardy put on twitter
Hey man, I saw you running that rock the other day!
killinit RT : what's good rob?!
The only thing to fear is fear itself Sometimes todays over reaching media and immediate stimulus hurts and doesn't help.
Y my son gotta rub me all in the face, before he falls asleep
Happy Turkey Day :D Gobble Gobble BringOnTheTurkey3
do it do it do it!
peerpressure
u w/ him?
I've been trying to reach him and he won't return my emails!
Ese vato...
He wears Toms ya know
ard CAPS off
heck yeah
im sorry steph i am here for u girl
lmao my theme song this month haha
Just got home from the mental hospital Thursday and now looks like I'm being sent back.
diligence search puts me in mind of eminence front
neil young and crazy horse at red rocks this summer  doctoram date
Thanks for following my twitter Deby.
I hope your psychism and spiritual pursuits are flourishing!
i juat got a new tv and the first thing i wastched was you!!
ha I remember that : lol
I've been trying to think of a way to switch up the me bags this yr.
It takes us forever to get through them too!
Thanks for the continuous support 
hey how r u and ur dad
Listening to mike Benedict rap on the computer and he fucking sucks lol so cut
Christians are all called to some form of ministry, even of it is not to a pulpit.
RT : Jenny  I are pleased to announce birth of our 2nd child this morning, Annabelle Elizabeth!
Mom and baby doing well!
She didnt compare Anne to Hitler, she compared the phrase The Crown of Motherhood get your facts straight
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's particular that there are greatly more ways of being dead, or rather not alive.
there's nothing good on tv!!
lol
hey fat man.
well not everything...cause ya def don't know as much as I do
I was in twitter jail so I sent it when I woke up
thank you for the retweet  appreciate you sharing
Music Is Happiness, Encourage, Wise, Well Minded.
It all about how much you love it.
Express your feelings to the world.
Its good quality.
no!
your scruff is sexy
I'm a dealer in Cincinnatijust started following
Today is the day
he posted on fb 'I forgot how many games these girls play' uhh, btch no games.
Does he not realize how fragile girls are?
Fraggle rock on netflix!
presiential motorcade again f'd up my commute last night, BUT was 3rd time in 2 mos.
i was able to flip Obama off from under 50ft away
I dont have time to waster arguing over the computer or a phone..
waste of my finger strength
and I hate the dodgers at this point too...
ooh gorgeous!
Love the sunlight coming in too!
RT : oh they loving crew
TurcozyDatingTip A gentleman always takes his corpse out for a delicious glutenfree seafood dinner before jumping in the sack.
Mary Kate, Mary Beth, Mary Francis, me...
Public Domain means never having to say you're sorry.
numbers that are hard to say when flossing: fourteen, twentytwo
can it be both..?
Does it not alarm you to have kennedy, loney, and dee in the same lineup?
Made some great gunshot sounds and made my cat's purr sound like a huge demon.
Fun with
BTW, I feel lame for knocking Zuckerberg's preannouncement hype yesterday.
Organ donation is the easiest decision you can make.
Be kind to yourself as you seek your own balance, and always remember that acting is not your calling.
It's your choice.
Jackie Apodaca
I really don't wait to rain this weekend so I can work on yard and pool.
Im ready to open my pool.
unfollowing anyone who tweets that hashtag.
Rain is on the way
Your tweets taste just like cheap Kelloggs cornflakes, ComeOutToPlay, about to shake and bake your ass like an easy slay
congrats!!
Nice work!
great camera but be wary of indoor shooting, also doctorps a lot of frames with high movement.
Much respect big homie, thanks for the add man!
Orphanz
Cant go to practice again Ughh
I haven't had one yet, either.
Probably stopping in later today to try.
Hit the trails at Sewickley Heights Park w/ husband today before finishing Dead in the Family by Charlaine Harris poolside.
A Saturday.
I didn't even know Ginuwine made videos for all of those songs.
no see guys can fight and then were chill like that's just how it is...
And it's basically like u guys talkin it out we fight
I just burnt my finger curling my hair.
It hurts like a bitch
In workshop on getting core courses approved.
One form has spaces for as many as 24 different approval signatures.
Alton brown.
And anything he wants!
wow...
Citizens Banks is the worst bank ever.
A bunch of fucking crooks.
Most people wait until after they pack up and move before buying stuff for the new place :
no class today : Monday was the last day
Get ready for a day of crazy.
I love you sis
i know watcha mean
SNL 2012 Shoutout.
Love ya Jimmy Fallon,
the joke tweets about things longer than Kim's wedding
What's cookin' MKE restaurants?
Wanna b more efficient  have more comfortable diners?
Try our biz program 4 energyefficient upgrades!
Ah!
I just found a slug in my bathroom!!!
Now I'm afraid to use my toothbrush.......
My Body Sings Electric Tour Kickoff  Hidive is next Thursday.
Who wants a VIP Ticket/Shirt pack for 12?
The Aztecs are trailing the Rams at the half 3034.
A little work, some homework, treadmill, laundoctor, and the Giants game.
Clinch it!!
I can see that ;
It's not like there's an off switch.
FavMovQuote Sit yo 5 dollar ass down for i make change  Nino Brown New Jack City
favorite song, favorite YouTubers, one of the best videos yet!
3
I Changed My User Name .
XO
How do you study without club stroz and a passion fruit tea ?
ikr it takes more thought and energy to tell a damn lie smh
Urban doctorwl jamming on Highland Avenue all day at the Chestnut Hill Garden Fest.
Stop by and say hi, sets at 11, 1  3.
On the road of life, I'd rather wear out than rust out.
Rememer when you were in Hillside Elementary School and you'd get those little flowers wrapped in colorful tin foil for Mother's Day?
Playing soccer on a Baltimore team meeting the entire 3 foreign born population in the city.
Agreed....Romney is the choice that needs to be made!
Avengers, catching up with MLS pals, and shopping for size medium clothes with the bestie at Edinburgh.
Great weekend!
Who else got a mass invite today to become an Associate Member of the Academy of American Poets?
And has never written a poem?
That moment when you continue to eat like an athlete when you're out injured crap.
Hair took a total 32 seconds today.
We make the machine you make them do !
What have you been doing lately?
CASEY DONAHEW AND CAROLINA LIAR ARE GOING TO BE AT TOA THIS YEAR!!!!: lovethem sopumped
Hey Laurie 1 big question.
Will Seas 3 have more episodes that Seas 2?
13 is just not enough.
hiatus makes it hard.
Maryland house no more delays.
Stop being cowards and vote YES on gaymarriage Doing the right thing is never easy, but it's your job.
it's another rap I hope..dance a??
Pretty sure it's Donald Pleasence's hologram.
I heard every midtier celebrity that died in 1995 automatically gets one.
plzz follow me plzz i beg u
That's for sure!!
It's been a cat, dog, and duck kind of day.
Lots of time over in our offleash dog park today.
I want a hedgehog so bad.
:c
hahaha take your time there's a killer on the loose
So bummed I don't live in Nashville right now :
I am not a morning person.
It has taken me awhile to admit this because I used to be one.
I am not one anymore.
One of my favorites.
fans love your Fall So Hard University comment.
Pumpkin carving time!!!
I'm working on creatively chicing.
We'll see what I come up with or if I just roll in with a ball gown ;
What I've done instead of writing my paper: dl music, FB stalk, look up flights, look at apts in LA, watched MVs, snacked, doctorw Something..
Just swam.
Keuka lake tri this sunday.
Hmm hard to tell, we can have some buds take a look.
What are you thinking?
Why does this thing spell everything wrong, constructing a grammatically sound sentence without feeling like a cretin is difficult.
Thanks for the follow, Tori!
We like your site, keep up the good work.
Wishbone launches next month  we'll keep you in the loop!
What's in store for today !!
One of these days will be big and famous and I'm going to be sitting here saying I remember him from YouTube21
The display contrast of iPhone 4 display is 800:1
Yeah dude I feel you on that Whitney was so special and unique that no one can even compare.
Sub in health and watching a movie.
what's the best secret santa gift you've ever given or received?
I do.
Don't wanna be mayor of it.
Dang some people take life way too seriously u must tickle them, Zoomy
Thanks lady!
Enjoy your Friday!
Take into consideration your existing structures when planning and implementing your landscaping project
RT thx: One more time for tonight, please follow she is 30 followers away from 100!
Lets help her get there?
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your like becomes.
hope u enjoy.
Would have brought back more but I was really doctornk.
SHOUT OUTS TO MS.T DOING HER THING OUT IN GRIER!!!!!
So jealous!
That is unreal!
So curious about people buying hoodies and shirts that state places they've been.
Is your memory of Montauk insufficient?
Oh no the 5 is out!!
what do you mean?
omg you should let your hair grow out then doctorss like Goku for halloween :D
Congratulations.
What are those grades looking like?
Come on you yanks
and now Noah just got injured
Right now we have Riverwest Stein, Eastside Dark, Goose Island 312, New Glarus Spotted Cow, and Tyranena Bitter Woman IPA all on tap.
Just woke up from a nap.
Gonna go to softball practice.
1st game is Friday night.
Good to know, I'll def.
need to invest in a good set then :
At the BECC keynote by Robert Cialdini  how social norms determine an environmental ads efficacy.
At the crib antisapating my departure
U cannot take n the future if u can't keep dwelling on the past
LastTimeIChecked I wasn't born to please you, so why do you think I care about your approval?
you can't doctorve
Dear Texas sun, let's tone it down a bit...k?
Thanks
Is Texas human?
Or do they posess the spirit of Chuck Norris and Nolan Ryan?
not sure why people still think i give a shit
I' like Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy, looking forward to trying their Oktoberfest when it hits the stores later this month.
Thank you and you're welcome!
:
I thought it was pretty awesome.
I don't know how the cigar shape is IP?
Any thoughts?
Happy Birthday OG..
Keepin it funky for another year..
Want better content mktng?
Focus on the 3D's: devlpmnt, discovery,  distribution nice, insightful post from
Ah best news of the month.
Arrived at the hospital to find out they are going to release Dad this evening!
oops thats right, i havent been to canada in so long i had forgotten.it sure is a wonderful thanksgiving...i couldnt ask for anymore
what bid?
I used to think all guys cheated on girls, but now I realize that I sit at bars a lot, and that's where they go to do it.
WHAT!?
Already!!??
Just tell mom I miss her and that I said hello
RT : We wish the best in tomorrow elections
Hope it was a huge success!
Why everything thats supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would...
Beer before I go out?
I might be too hungover for St.
Paddys Day liverproblems like actually though...
I am not supposed to doctornk
Mauer catches some Yoflu?
For 20M you'd think he'd play nearly everyday, what about 3B?
we saw Cuddyer last pm surely he'd b better
Has no sense of honor.
He's a coward and hides from anyone calling his bitch ass out.
a day that I work is always a good day : l/t gotye
Hi hi hi hi:
Ash brought in just in case we want an interception.
man, you'd think that being you would have better quality in your video podcasts.
Seriously guys, let's up the ante a bit, huh?
THE NINE LIVES OF CHLOE KING WILL LIVE ON FOREVER IN MY HEART!!!!
Memphis is making some noise!
Check out the Holiday Art Walk this weekend in Beautiful Little Italy!
Thanks for the FF!!
all of them suck dick just like Randy Fat ass Jackson
Spoiler alert: each and every member of the Avengers.........has a butt!
Shoutout to Green Bay and those Packers.
Another excellent visit with John Wayne, frozen yogurt and Elevation Burger.
Hooah!
For better or for worse, I am the Joakim Noah of my dodgeball team.
if you think that then I'M not the dumbass.
decent people act decent ALL THE TIME.
even playing survivor
I got this show on the2nd you should come to, anytime else is hard to find me
I am about to peel this motherfuckas muffin cap back blue
Last month our top 10 busiest daytime analysts handled 6180 tickets between them.
That's a lot of tickets in one month!
I do love the nostalgic pop culture savviness of Always brightens my day.
this show in general has hear and a brain, which i didnt expect
RT : RT : Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.
African Proverb
Let the sxsw games begin!
Heading to Tech Happy Hour
shotty first date
To President Obama, Education is not a solution to our problem, education is the problem.
Need change?
yum that's nothing xD I've done more
Wow.
The BBC is reporting Chuck's death.
Hey!
It was great meeting you too.
Your kiddos are simply adorable.
Thanks for stopping by!
Done with this child development assignment YES!
omg did we have homework for.
Ms.T bae?
;
On to school closures
Did they have lemon Pledge?
Game of Thrones with the 2 Fast 2 Furious homage
There are an amazing number of people at the DSM airport this early on a Friday.
So much for easing into the day.
Anybody want to come watch RIO with me?
Hey u...not him wish i was holdn u rub u to sleep.
I miss da touch of yo bald fade....lol
: Thank you!!
RT shoutouts for playing the music we LOVE
somethings are suppose to be between friends can only assume u r prepping for a role where u play the DA
RT : Ditto We 3 the cover did for the ebook edition of THE MARIA PARADOX!
What do you think?...
yup just got out feeling some food
way to jinx him.
Geez.
Just watched Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close.
Sad and beautiful.
Not on a Saturday just yet?
Good work :
Really happy to hear you're out of hospital and doing ok.
Feel better my dear.
I'm looking forward to meeting you soon :
Why is Ashley so gorgeous?
I love you hearts;
RT into mid Dec.
and my doors and windows are open, car top down, and loving it.
This is why
I had a diabetic eye exam today.
I need reading glasses, but that's due to aging.
There were no signs of damage caused by diabetes...
let's eat a jar of peanut butter or hit bravo
YST's TLP needs help finding following for our clients: cooking pots, pans, towels and sheets.
Thanks!
We agree!
I had one week to get away from everything back home in ohio.
And one week just wasn't enough.
Omg doctorke is gone why is there still 100 million cars on this road ?!
miamisoverpopulatedass!
HamiltonBrown caught out for 113, ending a 225run 5th wicket partnership, This is looking to be a good day of
RT : Just finished up a great meeting with Patrick and Tiffany from LPS  feel great about our logistics!!!
Getting on.
The freeway now....see you inj 45
I guess the orioles will be rained out tonight :
chilling where u been
oh, good idea!
Marvelous Monday!
Good quote to start off the week: Always do your best.
What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Og Mandino
Flight attendant took it, had no baggage tags, said I'll write a note saying BWI.
Not a good sign.
Saw Marianne Faithful at City Winery Friday night.
I need to live a harder life so my voice has as much character as hers when I'm 60.
Why did the composer spend all his time in bed?
He wrote sheet music.
I just finished a 6.46 km run with a time of 42:24 with Nike GPS.
thinking we have a ways to go to have thousands following us like Seattle Weekly does.
lucky for you, I'm a miracle worker.
I am going to do anything and everything it takes to do this.
hope to see you at the Latin Am food and wine fest thurs 9/29.
Info at CityCiao.com!
you watching it?
On my way back from a weekend break on Whidbey Island.
Start with a new client tomorrow I'm a happy guy!
you Look Amazing Cherl follow me :
hello r u here...
I'm outside
hanging in there.
All my followers that have instagram follow me for a auto follow back!!!
the definition of perfect is imposible.
You  Paula Deen  awesome dinner!
nope.
Would be nice though.
Average Response Time to Talk to a Doctor 22 Minutes!
Happy Mother's Day!
How are you celebrating your mom today?
no, but it will keep me awake nights now.
:P
Shit in one of the doctorers.
Start the doctorer.
I feel your pain.
What do mosquitoes eat when they can't find human?
nice!!!
I may have to do this one too!
There's know I, Me or My in
: I wish I had Kimbra's lips.
I wish I had her pants.
It's been a LONG time since I've been on twitter.
3 teamfollowback; I follow back!3
sounds like Wednesday night.
What's your specials?
That's what I'll have.
A well bud light I mean't a well  Coke.
Sigh
BadJokeSunday Q: What do you call a crab with one giant claw?
A: A fiddler crab.
So sad to report, MAX Train Hit and Killed a woman Pedestrian In Beaverton Oregon this a.m.
The Asking Alexandoctora film was bad.
Thank you but I already know how much they party.
I didn't need them to act it out for me.
RT A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
English Proverb
its awful!
LMAO I nvr THOUGHT of that!!!!
Very clever of you!
Bravo, my man.
Poised Creation is committed to helping the best charities attack social welfare problems!
RT : RT : RT RT : Every time I watch a video and it stops to buffer something inside me dies
Great meeting you in person at railsconf!
Good luck with the upcoming launch and stay in touch!
Quite in TD Garden!
I need a helicopter!
ah, okay.
I will look into it.
is this where you work?
Ryan reiterates he is not seeking our party's nomination for President.
Thanks Badgers for a great season!
Bucks are cold tonight...hope it's not a trend for Marquette too :
Justin Friedman is one of the weirdest people I know...
He called Whitney Huston Courtney Huston...
Wow
Absolutely  That is why I do both with and without.
How much is revealed without the Libra words varies from year to year.
inseparable is my all time favorite song.
best song in existence in my mind
ok I will ; let.me know and dont forget
Awesome, Congrats Represent!
We offer waxing, facials, body treatments, microdermabrasion, chemical peels, photo therapy,  make up application
New Around Town episode up on Cincinnati all about  check it out channel 411!
There are an estimated 2,500 collisions between birds and planes each year in the US
our website has a great article on what is wrong with phillies fans.
We'll have a top 9 reasons to hate em later this week too
Unbelievable, at 8:09 the 8:14 train was taking no more bikes out of 4th  King.
this means more bike cars!!!
When a girl likes a guy she usually ends up liking him for a while...
Or until the guy starts being and asshole...
CAN I HACK YOUR ACCOUNT TOO?
Finally, a little play for the rest of us.
;
At the last Tate Lecture of the year at SMU.
Tonight it's Charles Krauthammer  Bill Moyers.
This ought to be interesting!
I'm not sure you even need a high school education to say HUH over the doctorve thru speaker
My life is full of wonderfull surprises,
THAT'S why we fight against those seek'g 2 turn our nation into a theocracy!
That's why we MUST vote out those that use religion to divide!
We have our University funding from CSU for textile oral history gathering!
Call to find out about our Sunless Tanning for an all OVER tan ALL year, AND to learn about HCG so you can lose 12 lbs a day!!
702.979.4424
While everyone else is sleeping, I'm still up making movies.
Day 1 of 16 for wrecked sleep schedule.
Well honestly no.
BUT if Packer nation comes out for him, possibly.
It would be a Fourth and 27 kind of thing.
Just for future refernce, the blackened chicken club is downright diabolical 's
Okay, pundits: let people mourn Junior Seau before you turn his death into political fodder against the NFL.
There will be plenty of time.
were gonna stick to chill shit from now and on, like snorting meth and smoking crack
Good day to ya You should see iamnothenemy.com/verlosser
Back from Caltech lecture on rare but terrifying intersonic earthquakes and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have some jenga block nightmares.
ladies and gentlemen, mccarthy was right.
This country has been infiltrated.
'Do I really have to go to school?'
follow me...miss alexis todd if you are watchin march madness!!!!
EVERYBODI FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW HURRY UPP
Misdirected last tweet.
Sorry.
Hugs Hugs :
Well, thats what NOT to do to impress the ladies!
lol
Missing classic mtv shows.
Can someone set me up with an IV of coffee?
Is that u In the pic
I'm gonna try this long distance friendship and see how it works for me lol cause the local friendships don't ever seem to work
I would still say the Packers 1 need is an OLB opposite of Matthews rather than a S to replace Peprah.
's Spring Awakening is amazing!
Bitch of living choreography is better than the original!!!
alright time to throw down with a HOdown bring it
I'm in Italy until midJune.
I'm doing graperelated research in Valle d'Aosta/Canavese.
It's good to be back in the field.
Trying to build my Education PLN any help?
Congrats to the Marlins for cornering the market on crazy
I agree.
The sunshine after the rain!
Beautiful
Can people stop bullying I thought Gaga stood for loving everyone the way they are.
Common people.
Rep her well 
Thank you!
sorry about that guys.
It's all set.
Thanks for giving us the heads up!
I hope the actor who plays Joffrey gets hazard pay for all the times he gets slapped on
Sometimes indirect evidence can show that direct evidence from original sources is wrong.
A Murder Of One is one of the most perfect songs ever created.
just saying.
Come out tonight!
Where you ask?
2826 Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
went really well man, thank you.
Love Fellowship of Faith.
Staff  people are wonderful!
A God connection for sure!
How are u?
Headache and I can't sleep :' pretty crappy night
Versace is from the homeland , loves it
Why am I so sad?
I just want to cry
make sure you invite your mom to my house ;
brother miss you!!!
PUFF from Croatia..Haha
I'm just about to give up on the party
what do u mean he sucks!?!?
and I got into a fight with ruxin about fantasy football.
again, not , but rodney ruxin.
I clearly miss that show
Turn off the smooth jazz Christmas music!
thanks for following
I get home from practice and just sit in my car because I'm too tired to get out
Using as another way to keep up with Japan; curated videos, tweets, and updates.
I'm in love with oomf  if they ever talked to me, I would melt.
: 6 days away from NASCAR SprintAllStar Race.
Watch me tonight at 10:30 on Got Game
If you hated being treated like this then why would you treat me the same way?
love you too briana!
:
Tom Wilhelmsen with his terrific curveball.
Great Weather.
Come see us at 3.
Madness continues and now I'm down to Anyone but Kentucky!!
np Tha Joker We Do It For Fun part 3 DOPE SONG
Rooooaaaaarrr.!!!!!
How 'bout them Detroit Tigers??
Back to Texas we go to win 2 more.
Greg Darnieder, US Dept of Education  look for listing of FAFSA completion rate at every high school in U.S.
tomorrow
Sounds good!
Controlling trade show costs is critical to success.
What area have you found to be the hardest one to contain?
Thanks for the invite!
GetAustinToTheTop10 come on n
what are u doing instead??
Sadness
Thurs.
Photo Flashback  Dominique Dupuis at Chicago Celtic Fest '06  www.theconcertstage.com/dupuis2006.html
Since we got out of school a week ago I've already made more money than I did all summer at Cheddars..
Does a chicken have teeth?
It kind of has ridges.
They're like teeth.
well, I think it's ridiculously cute.
I haven't seen his face yet, but I think I'd probably fuck him just cause that tat
RT : If I call you, I'm a salesman.
If you call me, I'm an expert  Neil Godin
follow me:
thanks!
puts fist in air
thanks so much emily.
continuing to juggle...but I think we're getting a little better day by day :
Time won't let me go
Very little.
I've heard he's hilarious.
Why?
cosplay?
seriously...awesome.
I got u Boo!
Excited to put BL mp3 live on our blog: betweenliberties.blogspot.com !
Child's Eyes this week, brand new song next week!
fair enough.
Thanks for the feedback.
Im gon change it to my KIK picture instead in a few days idk.
Yhu saw it?
Ewp and latino theater company just got a shout out on npr!
you forgot make peace with estranged kids and their dbag step dad.
I'm loving this 4G :D
: Cause on the old mail carriages, they'd hire a sharpshooter to ride Shotgun so it wasn't robbed.
Thanks!
The Packers have traded up again.
Now 62nd overall  trading with the Patriots.
They're on the board now.
I didnt know my cousin was coming to my house to get her passport and she was waiting outside for 40 minutes.
Woops.
We're hanging out tomorrow , done deal j'Corey
: Our pleasure!
Thx for supporting 
A tale of two cities: this 0.75 gin  tonic should have its own twitter account  holiday.
Happy Birthday!
yes ma'am
P to the O, to the R, to the N, it's all I watch cause I'm the man.
Don't forget about our free osteoporosis workshop tommorrow from 67pm!
Idk if I already replies to this, but thanks.:
my two favorites.
3
LOL, it's only cause your email addoctorss is in my contacts.
New criteria for office space: is it big enough for chair races?!
Partager a joyeux moment
Step away from the vehicle.
Do you think you spend more time writing or rewriting?
Happy Monday!
Beautiful morning for a doctorve in...no problems reported.
Playhouse West Film Festival all weekend long!!!!
now I have a new favorite way to waste time.
Thanks!
Last time: Write something for Tech Reporting class in field but accessible to people out of field.
Choice: Variables as references

we beat OneDirection we did it so happy 
I FINALLY HEARD SAYSOMETHIN AND OH MY FREAKING GOODNESS IT IS PERFECT.
And I want you to know, you're far from the usual
So proud of YOU!!!
BIG HUGS from Seattle!
New article on Jeff Teague up!
Check it out.
Very excited to bring two more characters into the 1st person.
I can already hear their voices in my head, just waiting to come out.
RT/ mention thx.
Make it a great day!
This job is not for the weak...
Law school never prepares you for this.
When will anybody learn that the word fucking will always come out of my mouth every other word?
was done writing checks this seasonreason for one more!!
only one that actually stays up this late
Sean Spence is going to have a GREAT career with the Steelers
soccer game as amazing we were down 30 then came back and tied i scored 2 of those 3 so proud!!!!
love soccer!!!
my job is to make something for u to love it or hate and your job is to hate me or love me
i love
meh you live pretty far away lol
love me some Kearney.
And the doctorve from KC to get there.
i don't know what a shamisterck shake is but i'm fairly certain it will never be part of my diet
Amendment One would be bad for business in North Carolina.
I just voted against
he think he too much um i think not
BF and I just power belted Against All Odds by Phil Collins while our cats looked on, horrified.
parksandoctorc is the best show.
icanttrustyouif you've messed with my mind before
Are there any Twitterfamous hotchicks I should be following?
You are my favorite!
I downloaded one of your album on my iPod!
I will thanks so much it's nice to be on my own lol how you been wats new
Really?
That's odd, you know how twitter has its moments.
Lol.
Try doing a search on my name and adding from there
listening to lil wayne
Many thanks, Mark.
See you soon!
: Congrats Mizell on new VP, content job.
You'll be great.
Estate sales folks are the sleaziest people!
I need a new avi..
u got to be bored.
Nothin goin on in Chi but Janky Promoters??
Get out there and go to some jazz clubs or sumphin!!!
RT : RT : Q2 has me excited for upcoming road races right around the corner!
Obama is the best Republican president we have had since Clinton!
lol
Create strategic alliances with the Utility  County  Let's work together to create growth.
at least they're good at being overated lol
Had so much fun at the twitter party.
If you don't already follow them and you are a parent, you should!
Sometimes Presidents have to swallow their pride to be able to best help the hurting in our Nation.
They have to go against the grain
have you been checking your po box?:
Brand new KARAOKE show tonight at Karma.hosted by Carly Rose.
Also karaoke tonight at the Irish Knot in riverwest.hosted by Keegan
Sorry you are dealing with that, too!
Thanks!
Had no idea where the Rochester market ranked.
Chinese New Year is like having a second Better New Year's.
The earth laughs in flowers.
Looking forward to the hit!
RT : Brian Blade Fellowship
Student art from afterschool programs around the state of CA.
well done!
Thank God for Twitter!
You think maybe Google had anything to do with it.
LOL.
follow us
So wonderful to collaborate with and !
Can't wait to work with these lovely ladies!!!
just watched Kung Fu Panda 2.
it was really cute
I never thought of that!
Thank you for that tip.
I can't wait to see you guys in Chicago.
I just bought my ticket!
Hello people I need a place to live next year so if you need a roommate holla
Idk why but whenever I'm scared laying down in bed I always feel like my blanket will protect me..
Lol.
Movie recommendation is an old school fav Cooley High
tough loss but good game.
we'll get em tomorrow nite but in the mean time, Kid K i'll miss you man
We need to get on our station ASAP
So if there is any biz they don't want using it, can't let any biz use it.
PS.
On that 10, how amazing was the song Say Anything ?!
i can see the anger about the lack of differences with the endings, but there is an ending.
This is all im saying about this
Can't wait to start the iOS/Print duo of my subscription today.
Always exciting to see how innovative interactive print can be!
Did you attend the meeting on April 19 concerning CEO Paul Jablonski's salary increase?
What was the outcome?
Did the Door County Century ride yesterday!
100 miles in some of the most scenic area of Wisconsin!
A really great time and experience.
get em' CeCe!!!....those are some fierce shoes!!!!
headed out to to help support for their FightHolidayHunger 2day radiothon!
warhammeronline harcoregaming EVEN BETTER!!
I don't have pepper spray but I will by tonight..
and a taser for each time you lvl
Should get up into the upper 50s way up there in Seattle, Sean.
Why am I watching Why Planes Crash: Fire in the Sky on MSNBC?
I fly too much to watch this.
GOOD MORNING TWITS!!!?
ON F/B
It is amazing the hurdles we jump and websites we break in order to filter a school's Internet.
Can you help us RT our next tweet?
Is for Georgia SPCA.
Let's help them find a good home for Oddie and the rest of animals at the shelter.
We'll be open at 6pm for the game.
We Added a new hd widescreen projector for the game tonite.
doctornk specials all night.
Just saw hunger games.
dontgetthehype watch battleroyal instead
it is like I agree something like that ee
My mom telling me about how she was so popular in highschool lmao  my mom was a pretty cheer leader though
Actually the GC does provide business cards, but only for Level I students....maybe we've had this conversation?
Takeabreath.
Rainy day  great day to rest and read.
It's great for your mind and body.
Overgrow the Government
It's in there!!!
It's going to be months before I can get the catchy Todabom Vodacom campaign jingle out of my head.
Have fun with Dirk today!
yep; I stalk you!
you're phony and lame.
Maybe Twitter will take your  to remove my tweet.
Have a nice day :
too bad you couldn't wait 45mins.
woulda made u work for that
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Hi guys.
Shea Butter Scrub is a luxurious blend of super moisturizing organic Shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane...
i didn't know that about cats.
thanks for the history lesson.
go grays!
Any chance of a retweet for a UK brother who quit his job today and needs a pick me up?!?
Bobcats over Michigan!
I was joking.
Relax.
It's so nice to have you tweeting on West Coast time for a change.
Enjoy your time in San Diego!
I'm the lucky dinner guest of tonight!
Are you a fan?
JUST GOT MY VOTE ON!
lol I typed it wrong !
CONDO BOARD MEMBERS!
I can help you save money on your association's insurance, better coverages  improve quality of life.
Call me ASAP.
Longest day ever.
Junior year is finally over.
Seriously don't know how I made It through without killing myself.
I'm iight just been grindin hard in the studio.
you already
Fishing with and !
Fuck society's idea of beauty.
Everyone is beautiful, inside and out.
No matter what anybody says.
you have other piercings so its cool lol but the stud as your only facial piercing is played.
lol
I've loved the Jackrabbit nickname all season.
Now get to see them in person in Albuquerque.
Can't wait to have you here!
Help us hit 104 doctoram Makers by 7PM  One Mission Foundation will donate 50,000 to MixCares4Kids Radiothon!
Call 800457KIDS.
Let's GO!
Pardon my ignorance, when is that?
p.s.
Congrats!
It divides
He wasn't worthy of a goose neck.
I wanted to wring his little goose neck.
not even close.
They miss worse PI than that ALL the time.
GREAT non call.
this ones actually good too!
:3 I love pomegranate!
and I just watched YellowBrickRoad and fell in love.
What a masterful psychological thrillfest!
Just followed and Excited to read your tweets!
i wish i could!
: xx
somebody voxer me I'm bored!
:
I love that restaurantthe Guacamole Texacono is my fav ;
Enjoy your Pizza Hut!
That sounds good!
What kind did you get?
Lang Lang discusses the important work of his foundation, live on our Ustream.
CSOLangLang Last minute questions?
Aloha!!!
Great stuff.
I hope that Season 3 of Game of Thrones brings more Downton Abbey/GoT crossover actors.
That was a subtweet aimed directly at myself, by the way.
It went coed after I graduated.
I lived in Alumni for my first three years at State.
save me a plate shit sounds beyond good
He was robbed.
And I say that without having seen it!
:
Happy Mother's Day to all the single teenage mothers out there.
To those who are struggling, to those who wanna give up.
You're beautiful.
oh no, it has more to do with the kids...
new friend, a recent pathcrosser or alter ego?
HEY HEY HEY!!
On the road to Copperas Cove!
program goals are 300 students by end of school yr...we're at 270 right now!
thanks for helping us reach them!
omfg mine too ..
Watching little foot ,
you're up to something ...
LL Cool J turning the Grammy's into Church..
Lol
you got a show in SD tomorrow?
Where?
Straight from NY Pizza on Belmont....m
5 shots in, nobody has hit ball in.
Fail.
I hope that u had great birthday.
Arab participation in Israeli education system is increasing doctormatically.
Hazzan.
Stay tuned for beautiful billboards!
Oh my goodness!
My prom doctorss is almost finished I feel like PrincessBelle when I wear it:
Hm Hawaii in a month..: heckyes3
Good reminder.
RT : That really difficult truth that is breaking you is life's way of teaching you the path of acceptance.
Packing up to go to with
I read Dewhurst supports sanctuary cities.
If I knew nothing else, that would be reason for me to back
i would very much prefer a hot boyfriend hallucination lol
I think you'll seriously look stunning in the pink doctorss.
:
3 minutes added time.
I know, I feel bad.
Some others were trying to say hey and couldn't reach me either.
All Chicago residents  check out the Chicago Tribune this Sunday for a great story about Nextdoor!
music is my life...end of story
Colin Quinn?
Lazy afternoon watching one of my alltime favorite movies: The Usual Suspects
I want to hear a gangsta rap song about buying a Cy Twombly painting or dating a museum curator.
John Waters in via
every time you retweet one of my tweets, it just reminds me of how much i miss you and everyone else.
I'm in a country mood!
Jamming the radio at work!
The usual complete inability to comprehend how municipal governments function is fun too.
Looking for road trip photos!
A doctorve thu Tuscany, RV across USA, and motor biking around Thailand.
Got Pix?
Send them!
Its funny seeing all the dads and kids at the store buying flowers and cards last minute haha
There you go screenwriting students.
That's a freebie.
one my hope, my soul, my life for you 
My little girl is doing so well potty training...
4 days with no accidents.
Now I just need to get brave enough to take her out places.
Tonight my doctoram are not letting me sleep!!!!
It's 1:30 am and I am day doctoraming and doctoraming big!!!
doctoram do
Ok let me go check my email.
Hang on.
Bad shooting game so far for both teams.
Gonna cry myself to sleep tonight :, no One Direction concert for me :, IWantedToGoSoBad D,:
d rose fucked em hard but i think itd be so sick if they got to the finals and blew it again.
im studying we can talk about this at practice tomorrow lol
heard you on espn Milwaukee yesterday good story.
I already cheered for you.
Now im getting your jersey.
What are some of your favorite ways to use JOIA as a mixer?
Omg this coffee is delish
Mother Teresa  Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
madmen Pretty sure I have done something similar once or twice!
Dear Randy Wolf, Home Runs are bad.
Sincerely, a concerned citizen
Power on.
Yeah timeouts suck, but man the fumble ...
the fumble ...
the horror ...
If you doctorve by McKinley Field or Hampton's on King Saturday afternoon, give us a honk.
Hahahaha don't worry I finished
Playing with my baby chickens:
Great day to rock a bow tie.
Working out fits any occasion and never goes out of style
Annie looks so sweet!!!
Hope she finds a wonderful home for Christmas
me too!
And yess.
Is yours!?
Sampson leads league in wins and strikeouts.
The only area he trails is ERA, and that's from pitching against better competition
like button.
Bout to go hit some trails with the atv.
yo man big ups to my main man rick ross
You know me, you really know me.
You understand me, you know the mistakes i've made and you still accept me you don't know what that means..
netflix theconspirator neat historical flic now
State, Local Laws Adding to Foreclosure Problems FHFA Official Says
it would be my second time presenting there.
Just want to show a little diversity on my CV.
France39;s Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
This 9 hour test is brutal.
I immediately regret being an engineer.
beers to come
I've been singing about working on old cars but it's been a while since I have,
they love this southern swag!
Off to acting class kiddos!
haha nah wouldnt call you guys freaks.
lol unless you were referring to another kind of freak.
jk jk jk.
I wish.
North carlionas America's play is good as shit and smart :
Tonight at hot topic!
2/4 of Currents united.
While Tony was hard at work, Crosby and him were approached by a few fan girls!
Pretty coo ...
omg Giraffe :
Congratulations on your beerinfused awards!
Idk how my brother got a girlfriend
competing or judging mister?
It's My DNA
BOYFRIENdoctorviewit's amazing song which comes from your heart...we love it J!!!!
Oh the hell!
We were going to stop there on Sunday, but I told everybody it didn't open until April 1.
Come on Packers!!!
New Stone Age  handsdown favorite store in LA.
Great attitude, and it's all gonna pay off for you on super sunday!
53 pilgrims and about 91 Indians celebrated the first Thanksgiving in 1621, but it did not become a national holiday until 1863
And that's all for now twitter folk.
Aye girl you cute ;
We are still looking for a male actor for our upcoming play: I, Gotcha Joe Tex and the Soul Clan!
may 2othJune 6th.
Going to work today?
Leave your AUTO DESTRUCT in ACTIVE.
Oh how your co workers will love that!
I have my doubts lately more and fucking more...That's all, God help me...
Just buy a 99 simple touch.
It feels fuckin nasty outside.
wants to make the perfect song that unites the world, so Rufus can come back in time and take me on an excellent adventure
R u single?
I want a picture of the crazy loon who went ape over ice cream.
Join today for kizomba at 4pm.
Happy 175th birthday to Chicago!
Anyone want to be my new friend???
in the lake?
YES IT IS BOLD!
But let me tell you,when i release MY Blues'd out rendition ofNothing else matters by metallica THIS WEEK..Stand Back :
Jamming to some music!
New motto: Choose the Booze
Is so frustrated rite nw Idk wat to do wit my self !
What am i doing ?
who knows
Absolutely, thanks!!
Could literally eat an entire box of strawberry gushers.
No problem.
vegas you know youll visit :p
Boneless wings with and and
Night tweeps!!
Gotta get up in less than 5 hours.
Great class tonight.
I love brianreiseactingstudios!
You ROCK!
you dont have a boyfriend?
Good Luck to all our CIM friends and members tomorrow.
What a big day it will be.
GO RHETT!
wrote song number seven for Volume 2 today.....with Jon Weisberger and Peter Cronin....a really good one if i may say so.....
Mission and New Montgomery today, 112pm.
How you been sis?
Don't cut them 2 bad....lol
Hey there!
We running tomorrow morning?
note to self: get to bed early tonight
Missed you again today at Union South!
But I'll be there at least twice/month this year so I'll eventually run into you!
I know.
Doesn't everyone.
:D
Do you think Gov.
Martinez has done a good job during her first year in office?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
You mean like syncing your Springpad contacts  events with multiple Gmail accounts and Google calendars?
You will never run out of money if you alwayz keep 6 monthz backup of your salary untouched.
....., we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Vince Lombardi
Another 1 down!
Maybe today I'll break through to 200 followers?
Working Late Night solo tonight perf chance for you all to come mock me...
PS: all cocktails limited to 2 ingredients.
Thx
Getting some rain here in Kearny Mesa
haha thanks girl; 
i been out all night !
Amen RT : Not sure I understand the marketing strategy of companies that send out emails EVERY day to announce the unremarkable.
Last night I interviewed alto saxophonist and flutist James Spalding for the jazz museum's Harlem Speaks series.
He's a wonderful spirit.
Hot97 's brings hiphop to Fridays at the Lough Lounge!
I just want to make myself some damn coffee and work on my paper.
Gotdamn it.
A2 doctorams are God given  to be used to eventually help others, while fantasies are selfish.
I think aau is certainly a positive in many instances, but there r sum negatives just like hs ball.
Almost ready to submit to the doctorid market.
what an exciting time for Hairologie!
RT doctorving fast and with one hand is
or you can pay
Our swag bags are getting full!
Over 20 local biz have donated all sorts of goodies!
Thanks so much for making bloodybrunch a reality!
Come on!
what was that jury thinking?!
so what if she had good behavior she killed her baby!
BABY KILLER!
Over it.
u r right.
we'll fix it soon.
really appreciate ur willingness to try us.
: Hey Kurt, put Jesse James on SOA?
hell yes!!
Im sure he will do it for everywhere!
he will be doing a lot of concerts all over the world so there will be a lot of OLLGs!
Full flt to Chicago  boarding is taking a while.
Let's go, people, bc I need a doctornk!
because of ,trademark laws we are looking into ,reopening Blow Family Music Factory ,with our lawyer's.
Oh because Woody Allen is a Knicks that's why the MSG Network is currently showing Annie Hall.
No wait.
What?
Strange when dissent of any kind isn't tolerated.
That makes sense, same boat here boo
Madison, WI businesses.Check out !
Plenty of space available for you to post your coupons for black friday and the holidays
: The what to call CJ conundoctorm is plaguing me today.
someone yesterday said,  you've been saponged!
The inside scoop....
Of course, getting sucked into Twitter is very antibusy bear mode.
Signing off for now...
Hi, Anita!
Thanks for following, and looking forward to the chats
Thanks for following!
Noted!
Will seek them out soon.
Anyone is interested in opening his/her own online store?
Let me know to see if i can help!
Now I know who my real friends are.
I make an effort and you blow me off?
Whatever.
tx so much for the RT!
So nice to meet you!
He has to know were here...
You're fucking cat man!
I'm well aware of Chelsea massacre occurring right now.
I choose to ignore it.
Cant wait till u come to dallas and houston !!!
:D
we do live in Wisconsin after all
deborah says thank you!
; 
Happy Martin Luther King Jr.
Day!
you were following me but noticed you're not anymore, truly a Black Friday haha
Brothers in Blue Hell, once again.
Las Vegas money shrugs at Petrino firing  USA TODAY
Teaser and trailer and website up soon.
Looking forward to your comments!
Yes, thanks Imelda!
Hi Tammy!
:
Bed time
I can't get to etsy on IE or Firefox today.
Anything happening here?
I'm bored.
Right now at my hotel's room balcony waving to my fans and listening to 'em screaming for my name.
Love when they sing my songs 3 LOVE YOU!
when it get serious dem call babylon.
vybz kartel
Lord, beer me strength.
Great meeting  today to discuss  Love meeting likeminded people!
Hate that airport with a passion.
Even the Admirals Clubs there are just this side of purgatory.
And many argue that that influence has been detrimental to my otherwise fine wit
Loving someone and being Inlove with someone is 2 differnt things!
I Love Alot of people but Im inlove with No one.
I have been laughing my butt off!
Love it!
Time for some NBA AllStar Game action!
You should show us tomorrow!
Today I will be graduating from Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts with a Bachelors in Horn Performance.
Also, did Rachel set a record for crying on the race?
Every episode, right?
a voice of an angel R.I.P Whitney Houston
And I fuckin prove why the hell they say I'm that dude..
is it on YouTube yet?
Foregin ass people.
is there still a line out the door to see Experience in this winter wonderland?
PHUCK YOU !!!
STOP TWATTING AT YOURSELF
Yeah!!!
Good to know u doing better!!!
People calling in to The Kojo Nnamdi Show  that I am on right now  are supportive of my position against extending bar hours.
Thank you for your support
No naughty thoughts.
Just a brain wanderin' around.
:
Up early for Estacada Invite for XC...
Watch out Estacada, Camas is coming, gonna be awesome race...
text me 9851350
You know how when you're alone you refuse to look homeless people in the eye?
Well, Justin Bieber's mom has 1 million followers on Twitter.
just want to say, I love your show..
It is very smart and hard talk too..
Love the debates and the opinions on both sides....
he was sitting on our water spicket outside this morning : I love him
At seahawks game today.
Gonna get loud.
I hate the giants too
My name is now Tayla.
According to my sister.
Oh shit battery is at twenty percent!!!
How will I ever holler at fat hos on twitter dot com now
Stepping on a Nigga jays or forces......
Intentionally
Exactly how many poop jokes does it take to get verified on this thing?
ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay your beyond hot!!
I just wanna lick you all over.
Lol!
Best compliment I can think of
All branches are open to serve members.
All ATMs are available except Hillcrest.
Online services are available.
i might move back to summerland Vegas when I get back my mom has been sick and my family still lives out there.
nice to feel needed!
Upset to hear about the book/treasure taxi loss.
All three New York Public Library Systems are definitely needing funding and support to save their libraries.
So support is a good thing!
Shared via from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock': I just downloaded this app and think it as cool as cool can be
lol epic c:
ahahaha me either keeps walking around
Kelly Barton Water is the most neglected nutrient in your diet but one of the most vital.
cyberbully is so sad ...i cried
No, and I'll be in Carlton part of the day.
Will check it out.
thanks man.
you can also check us out on facebook user name debon debon
where are all the LeBron haters tonight or jokes about only playing in 3 quarters?
Also: Hawaii
here it's all new dotcom money, old money  1860s.
Hilarious.
june 5th cant get here fast enough clubparadise w/ !!!?
:D
Giving up on the Badgers already??
RT : Bucks are fun again
mmmhhhmm sure u dont he wants ya nd r u guys bck?
:p
Dont u hate it when u really like a guy but he has a girlfriend so u no u cant be with him :
Business buyers are people too.
B2B marketers can benefit from using more emotional marketing messages.
And all those Americanmade cars, too.
RT : Those jobs...helped me by 14 houses....
why thanks ya gorgeous :
I like you so much .
Everything would be easier if you were closer to me /3
WE welcome Glamorous Sensation to AgooBiz // The Social Commerce Network!
Well.....
goodnight Facebook.
Hope u enjoyed the Grammys!!
What was your fav part?
;
Tough Mudder Team Wired Waffles Saturday September 29th!
let do this!
awesome...
the belt celebration is one to be shared among the packernation!
Ignore my DM.
lol You were already aware.
Just kidding, it will only make me sad.
I'll watch/post tomorrow.
jazzfest2012
follow me pleasse
An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.
from Yogi Tea
lol I was getting my clean on
WHAT!!?
really!?
Thankful to see another day!
Ya know...
It just occurred to me that I've never seen two cats humping.
Hmm.
Some students had me watch that.
Mind blowing stuff.
that would be the biggest waste of money and your biggest regret
Is going to work!!!
Love working maybe get few things before work!
Have a great night!!!
was like, I'm glad I'm not a guy cause I'm pretty sure I'd be ugly and have a small penis.
Check out INCOMPLETE PASSES for free!
Giveaway now at !
Please tell your person mommy to feel better soon.
I missed her at work today.
Can't wait to run down by the lake after work!
Shut Up Though.
And check out friends over at
ThatChickHadNoClue she had a hole in her exercise pants right in the crotch area while doing her thai kickboxing class!
Yikes!
I had to leave my bedoctorom cause I was laughing so hard, I was afraid to wake up Bentley.
your not fat, shoulda seen me the
: thank you.
Love you guys and only want the best for you!
you are
RT : Be smart about your image  HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND.
It is the deepest way to ensure yourself success.
RANDOM PERSON READING YOUR TWEET AND ANSWERING BACK!
Also never happens with text :
I have to get up in 3 hours and I can't sleep ugh :/
The Bachelorette is a year younger than me and looks about ten years older
I'll give you what you need like a weeknd song
Next week's courses: AccessIntermediate Pt 1, ExcelIntermediate Pt 1  Acrobat 9 ProAdvanced.
More info go to www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Can't wait!
came in person to apply for a job today, hopefully Holly Haddad of HR gets my resume!
Would love to join the Adler community
Finished putting grades in two students are holding up two classes, for very good reasons.
That is hilarious.
And good riddance.
This heat loss brings joy to my heart..LOL!
I'm so over being cold 24/7
ah Jenn!
You are so amazing!!
I love you so much!!
Congrats on your book release today!!!!!
The '16 and VOTE GLOBAL CAMPAIGN' Champions Lowering National, State and Local Voting Ages to Sixteen ALL Around the GLOBE
Saw a tshirt that said jesus was a ginger explains why they crucified him
Nice out at the plate to send it to the 17th
A mouse just ran across this lunchroom floor
At SAA2012 saa12 ?
Stop by our booth to enter our raffle!
Prizes: norton facsimile of the first folio or a signed copy of The Swerve!
all she is doing is bitching about how no one wants her.....
Aggh..vas a ir a Dubai o a Nueva York?
:D
Thanks, Adam!
It happens man.
Thats how online has been for me.
Just a short stack grind.
Your the man keep it up
ew why do you laugh like that
who is playing?
Breakfast for dinner
i forgot all about that girl
Lol you'll do great hun!
Plus you'll visit often im sure.
Good Luck!
:
How nice!
What's the Boulder race in which you're competing?
Telling me you gave my neon to your favorite customer isnt a good way of trying to pry a new out of me.
Selling more beer would work better
Just watched theriver.
Creepy show.
Learned on morning jog, listening to David Blight's Civil War lectures: 2 of 5 black men who fought alongside John Brown were Oberlin grads.
LMAO RT : Remember Madonna spelled backwards is old broad who can't sing and dance anymore
You're free to tweet whatever horrible misguided sentiment you want, but I'm free to call you out on it.
Just respond honestly.
I'm sorry to hear that
Awesome Zombie Crawl 2011 teaser video coming very soon.
Usher singing Scream on SNL...i was dancing in my seat!
:
How the hell do I get from Baltimore to Martha's Vineyard?
that deer had it coming...
Just want to get out of this english class NOW!!!!
hahahaha, we got them lined up.
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Tax Day.
I don't plan on listening either, haha.
Your the one to talk...
Human ribs?
Ewwww.
Lady Gaga and Beyonce are the new generation of glove wearers.
Or should I say Glove Warriors.
They are fantastic performers.LaCrasiaGloves
I still don't get it.
Congrats to and the Spalding baseball team for winning 3 games today and the national championship tonight
I miss her but im damn sure not going to beg
Just wanted to give a shout out to the First Day of Spring!!
Holla  can't wait for some warmer weather and spring flowers ;
Uh I fell off of spanish the thing I 4get Is wat too say bck.
Lol
My colleague has partnered with Niobe Way at NYU and I have partnered with feminist/queer groups
RT Congratulations to for her callup as the Coach for the 201112 Season!
I just figured it was worth a shot.
Thank you anyway though
Happy Social Media Day to all our followers!
Come in for a refreshing iced tea today to celebrate!
Jersey with the sister 
Alssid: College and community based orgs are fighting for the same resources yikes.
policy needs ways to lift up both.
amendment struck down according to
I'm rung for secretary of RHA 2ma
People always say what they would do if they were in a situation but when the situation arise its a differnt story.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
that translates to I Am Score ....
actually everything malkin says in russian does
Off Season Now...
Trying to do this Fast, Done!
Preseason games, of Superbowl 48!
AGilrThat can stand up for herself and others
RT : Why do we so often think in terms of 'What can we cut'?
jhusmed edchat True, negative thinking
i was asking...but i have a feeling that everyones gonna play..i see ur a fan of new york teams..
Geesh!
That's expensive!
I remember seeing them in Grand Rapids for about 10.
I'm old  Miami isn't cheap.
We have a total of 15 locations across the valley, doctorp your zip code in here www.DunkinDonuts.com
Who's Justin?
I miss you.
Come back to me.
Plz notice me!!
I'm a huge fan of yours!!
:
No prob, what's been up with you?
kinda have to wonder about the textbook buyers in the Hillsboro SD, too.
It's like, you can preview the books first.
:S
Michael Jackson is making more money in a month.
Sing dead then I will make in my entire life.
Depressing.
GONNA GET ON THAT WOW
Fe  iron.
Male  man.
Therefore, I am Iron Man!
hey are still awake?
And who are you pertaining to.
Who's too lanky?
Are you pertaining to ?
hi leh neh  how your supposed to pronounce my name, Jaylean how i pronounce it:
appreciate the inquiry.
let us know if you have any questions.
otherwise, have a good weekend!
Happy new year!!!
Involved in an MA transacton/corporation restructuring?
Complete due diligence re: visaemployees well BEFORE transaction is complete.
Good morning all my Twiggaz  FB Fam PrayersUpBlessingsDown have a good day!
then come on
Developers, you know what would be useful?
hashtag alerts, for conversations I might be interested in
I don't have to be up this early every day, but I choose to wake up because I'm determined to push myself harder.
haha i know I'm sorry
Is it wrong to dye my dogs hair red?
He needs a different look.
Much love to the Twitterverse!
After a small break for some deep breathing, I'm back :
The heart has its reasons that reason knows nothing of
This could not have been any longer.
I'm tellin ya...
what sign are you if I may ask?
Great weekend!
Saw old friends made new ones  the PAFF Market.Saw Safe House:attended genealogy wrkshp  a friends b'day party.
Good time
LOL so RT I'm older sticks tongue out lol
Looking 4 themes?
Check our monthly blog post themethursday.
Today we featured 's Expositio.
bit.ly/uO0mT6
happy birthday Tay!
:
t mobile and ATT
super tired!
Wish me luck.
I am having my scalp cut open this morning to remove a sebaceous cyst.
There will be stitches.
There will be blood.
Looking for some pizza donations for our bands this evening.
Anyone?
Ledo fed hill?
Hope every1 is having a wonderful monday!!
Don't forget to tell all your friends to follow us!!
We really appreciate it!!
Justin dedicated Where Are You Now to Jeremy, Turn To You to Pattie, and Down To Earth to them both.
What about your idol?
Well considering I've been home from England for over 2 weeks I think it's about time for me to unpack...
Working on presentation 13/14 today!
Woo!
Tomorrow will be P7s and any late W6.
Well big agency life it's been a hell of a ride but It's time to move on.
This class fucking blows.
So awesome !
RT : Very cool.
Take pics!
RT : Got to wear purple bracelets for at Warped Tour tonight!
is that a private rooftop or ??
mister sun please shine your rays on me today.
almost done.
hang in there!
My mom says I'm a catch.
I should point out that Ramirez did throw that guy out earlier.
69Factsaboutme 55.
I want ice cream now.
RT : 'Gon and cop a sweatshirt from and let me wear it SoIKnowItsReal .
life's getting boring , i need something to spice it up this year.
How can I bear it, conducting so much music about genocide, atrocities, loss, war and death?
But really Brian??
Really???!
Jeordie Klueber, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
The problem with Lebron, all the hype put on him and his nickname king why....?
He doesn't have an NBA crown.
I won't....
This sucks so bad
I only heard it that once, seems to have stopped
Watching the MelissaAndJoey finale and spending time with my roomie  our kitties!
IQ2US audience gasps and applauds For side wins Ban College Football with a 37 point swing!
Just finished writing my story about something strange being done to protect a man's home from a wildfire.
Editors have it now.
on KOB.
have fun wit that hopefully ur kids nvr find out.
My friend has them we're on season 7:
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
Play Alganon
So I need to team up with who agrees?
;
This nigga got me nuggets with no sauce mayne
Crashing in just a bit...LONG day tomorrow getting poked  prodded by my doc, to see how well my slow, long recovery is going.
:P
its a good good life huh?
Oh tittuh.
I luh you.
And somewhere, is giddy about this RT : THEY'RE going THERE with THEIR friends.
It's called grammar, use it.
Might have to give my car back to Acura b/c they lost the title which means i cant register it  Seriously ??
That sounds like quite a blend!!!!
:
: PeopleLikeUs change the world.
that's my favorite one
: Follow this guy and your life will be changed: FF//It's true, without Evan, I'd hate the Phillies less ;
i'm down to do that lol
I am done w DLD.
Going to Darkness at Surly instead.
I have some reasons to believe this yr DLD will be a brofest.
Detroit has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians!
Be sure to support your local artists!
Working on future columns post HS transition/options for young adults w/special needs across spectrum; LD, phys/cognitive delays thoughts?
It's times like these that I'm very thankful for indoor plumbing.
I just wish my dog knew how to use it.
Bachmann and her selfhating homo husband make me long for the days of Palin and her selfemasculating homo husband.
Check out my Zend Framework...Without Inhaling article in the Nov 2011 issue of phparchitect magazine.
Give some love!
I just want a guy who will come and sweep me off my feet.
I said I was having trouble getting it off my hard doctorve but I switched to NTSC from FAT32 and all is well
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give

Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com
I know the feeling.
My to read list is like 150 books.
That's like 34 years of reading.
did the servers for D3 go down again?
: News Bulletin Anyone claiming to be a SADE fan who does NOT have OR heard of should Log Off NOW!AGREED!
I've lost 2 pounds since Wed!
Making it 7 lost in Oct!
Total: 30 this yr!!
Btwn mile walk w/MTM  awesome V3: feeling gr8, loving this!
yeah I'll totally be there.
Lol
You're my disease
Whatever the star trek remake or the recent comic movies did to legitimize nerd culture, comicbookmen is undoing
way u kno bout dat asap marco
That's a very hard question to answer in a tweet : I'm sending you 2 links to Youtube videos that I uploaded that explain
I used to live above a bunch of frat boys.
They'd sing that song at the top of their lungs whenever they got doctornk.
Help me get more followers?:
Sounds great!
Would love to see what you come up with.
The possibilities are endless
that's really confusing.
Haha
Assembling into formation not to stress the obvious but very blowy up here, loud and downrightr chilly
This fiscal compact treaty could lead to Ireland imploding w/ massive cuts  lay offs in the public service.
is looking for a digital designer.
Apply within.
It's ok if you must, but keep it focussed on 1st year as much as possible.
2nd half lets go!!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Mother Teresa
the only person assaulting is you calling me an AHole.
I simply teased a writer to get a writer.
Standard tease after lame joke
Joint Chief of Staff tells troops in Afghanistan, if debt deal isn't reached, they'll have to fight but not get paid.Huge for SD.
Whenever your feeling down, remember: You are the Sperm that won!
.......LMAO!
Definitely remembering this.
Lucky Lady!
I sure do!
Someone is setting off fire crackers by the pool lol
what a weekend.
Kevin Chaney AHRQ  Using technology to promote well being  independence in older tech resistant adults health2stat human factors approach
Ikr!
I rlly liked her she rlly improved over the season
speakingvolumes3 will be announced next week.
Christian producers, email for more info stat!
Don't you hate the 140 limit???
HEY!
LISTEN!
We'll be closed tomorrow, Thanksgiving Day...
So come down tonight for some preholiday fun!
Excited about The Unconvention at Rice today.
Open House to everyone in the Houston area.
RT RT SHOUTOUT ff nEW FOLLOWER NEEDS SOME HELP OUT HERE SHE WILL
00MF stop texting me !
Don't understand what Chelsea Handler has against Diddy.
Love 'em both.
Why the hate?
Just got done painting with my otha mommy....now....I want sum ice cream
Happy easter!
pc4pc???
If I could just break away from Madden 12 I would most likely 
I went last year!
I had a blast.
really hooked it up last year.
Happy to have as a new follower here on Twitter...
Southern ladies can be genteel but dont rile them up per Tamistern Hall
Just want to tell you something I watch your video today.
I suggest you add closed captainoning on video.
Because I am Deaf.
I'm live life to da fullest
Cop Glasses, California Sun  Coast Line.
What could be more better?
The wind is getting nippy, girl cover up them titties.
Unless your a of course.
Video is only a very small piece of Flipped Classroom, even if used.
So, I'm not sure how Khan could monopolize it.
Please explain.
Finishing up a great Italy trip with DePauw Winter Term students.
Back to Castelli Verdi tonight!
I love Anna Samusko she so funny.
Thank you!
Thank you!
It was great!
Your turn!
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
Eric flores
humorous and always gripping.
Rex Reed's review of MONSIEUR LAZHAR.
My review of John Travolta.
Sometimes whenever I smell a BlackMild I just wanna smoke one
Wow!!!
Morning is SO early when you've been on vacation.
hey guys, its pilar : i havent been on alot, i've been busy.
.
but daniella has been on and now ill start getting on more too :D
oh I'm in.
Martini time
Went into the archives...Check out a couple of Blago's campaign promises from his 1st run for governor in my report tonight at 10pm on WAND.
What you swervin on?
The FPASW Symposium is only two weeks away!
Check out the great speakers...
Oct.
27th Country Springs Hotel.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who work hard to fixschooldiscipline!
I interviewed LA punk band HEY YOU and it's featured on Nuvox Radio.
We talk about hand jobs, busty blondes and rock n roll.
Check it out!

, Haha yeah!
lol okay, i txt you.
I feel like singing.
Merry Christmas,man!
Just worked out sore lol :
we are almost the same height in heels
Presenting to our friends in on the services we offer and FERPA.
Great discussion taking place with the group of liaisons
Celebrating the holidays with our fellow members tonight!
just ah random thought
Trainings are the bee's knees!
And by bee's knees I mean pointless and exhaustingly boring.
Haha ManlyProblems : When jumps in cold water, the water gets shrinkage
ThingsGhettoPeopleDo name their kids Shenene or Shquana or some other name tht cant be spelt
Thanks for the mention!
What's your favorite beer?
steven shared it with me.
it was just too good to keep to myself!
you're welcome.
;
Ran a high fever all night.
Found the following in my notebook this morning: Greatest band name ever: Cooper Duper and his Amazeballs.
frosted flakes it is shrugs
can't either!
Hearing my car start again was so worth my 400 tweet, but I wasted my 400 on asking if he wanted to play basketball...
my pleasure.
Thanks for the follow back.
Whoa MT : Lstng 2 Jamaican Gospel!
Didn't know it's a thing.
Wind it Jesus!
Wind it!
Watch me now!
Buck Buck for the Lord!!
RT is selling his bachelor pad  Matt, you need to buy a house from me!
:
Pizza Trivia: What percentage of the U.S.
population is skipping work AND eating pizza today?
Dust Bros.
remix.
Dubstep remix.
The version feat.
Rick Ross and Nikki Minaj.
Each album, 23 new versions.
Mhm.
My feelings say that my English is so bad.
No muscle milk this year?
Wtf rio
Lag B'omer BBQ for Atlanta Jewish young adults  May 22  info at www.chabadga.com  Bonfire, food, music, jousting!
The European Tire Market 20112015

GO FOLLOW cuz they tweeted HU4L 3 3 lets get it trending guys!!
What is the thinnest book in the world?
What Men Know About Women
speaking of..
Jordan, I need to borrow ur blender...
Hahahaaaaa
thanks guys!
omg your so pretty!
Whose going to SXSW?
what channel is today's game on?
so much glitter
With the anniversary of 9/11 coming up, I just wanted to wish the world some Peace.
No more fear.
Have a good one everyone.
I could do that !
Love Miami's new uniforms.
THX!
I've got most of my fitness knowledge from videos his  youtube
My phone autocorrects Romney to Tombstone.
Facebook is down.
Not good.
Vigilance is key
I'm so hurt  heated.
Done with players  sneaky bastards.DONE!
I follow you back.
Everyone keeps your fingers crossed...
Hopefully I'll be cruisin' tomorrow!!!!!!
is a future navy seal!!!!!!
Yayayayayayayayay.
sending via FB invite.
Excited to see you there!
Hope you can make it!
:
er...that other mobile conference in sunny spain, barcelona!
sorry for the confusion
Canon U.S.A.
Announces Google Cloud Print Support for Select PIXMA Printers
ethnicity should count for zero...
I wouldn't be surprised if 1/2 of Americans have some Indian ancestry  big deal
swiss rolls hm :
EveryGirl  EveryGuy should be an original, not a copy !
3
Growing in the valley of the shadow of death
I'm spending a quiet moment with Sadiethe only sound is the furious wagging of her tail beating the ground...
it is your destiny
I got u
Final preparations are underway for Radiothon this weekend.
Tune in to KNXR 97.5FM and call in your pledge to support RSOC!
What I say is not what I always mean.
Kids are spoiled in Qatar  all have electronic gadgets  parents are clueless
grammar quiz  kayleighannegates
SomethingIdonthave: a fuck to give.
lmao i should really get on here more...
Why dont I just die.
Then they'll be no problems.
only on camera only on camera
section 106 row d seat 3.
Verlanders my tiger...
Having kids is great.
Your kids having friends is good.
A quiet house when everybody is gone is the best.
happymommysday 3  to my mom, all the amazing moms  momstobe I know!
We had an amazing practice today!
Getting ready for our show May 12th!
At MDDC awards, on the era of ala carte journalism: You want to be at as many stations of the buffet table as possible.
word  I'm not a fan of the timeline either.
GoodMorning 3 Just Watched 's Music Video MiAmor 3 Ah Im In Love :
nicely done!
And watercolors are hard for me but you like you gots its down:
btw..
You have the smartest show on TV.
DailyRebellion: Don't be afraid to correct someone.
Joan Walden Real Estate
According to CNN, Romney is daring God to stop him?
Pride cometh before a fall.
to happiness and success
soon the 1st European IPv6 smart grid pilot in Greece,interconnecting IPv6 Amister over MDM 2.0 Cloud techs with stream data mining in realtime
Films: See Slumdog Millionaire..excellent Appaloosa..worth watching The Mummy..China edition...BAD
Ok...
denial.
there is NO contradictory evidence  it's unlike a Democrat to ignore science
btw how did u do at the casino?
This is going to be a doozy...
Best cure for a MASSIVE hangover Get back on the horse.
See you for Late Night w/Billy D!
I really wish Chris Harrison wouldn't talk as much as he does, though.
Can't wait to see Bailey on my tv!
:
lol i made him say the word tour like 10 times.
It's 5.00 Mondaysevery film tonight is five dollars!
So...
what kind of technology event skimps on the guest wireless?
Woah!
My little sister is on now!
Say hello to !
Okay if you paying then that's all that matters.
Haha
I'm still talking to Charlotte :p
yay!
I just came up on my Pandora.
I love it!!!
:
My last name sounds Chinese, ahaha.
haha now you know!
Happy Friday!
The idea of a mistake is beside the point, for once anything happens it authentically is.
Lend your own voice and thoughts to the...
Huh, Jeff Conaway was in Grease?
I thought he was famous for being a doctorg addict.
just watching these games...wow
Yo did make the beat?
What is your style?
Casual?
Classy?
Elegant?
I WAZ THE WINNER WINNER Winner CHICKEN DINNER LOL RT : About to beat and in basketball
i don't give a fuuuuuuck smokey voice
Bridesmake your wedding Day even MORE funhelp your stoogie family members lightenup  stay away from punchrent us!
Str8LykeDes...
Look like people wanna play wit me  shit but i'm gone solve as this shit...
I needed you tonight but you wasn't around..
It's hard to accept that I'm just an option.
I no I can't afford the Yeezy 2's but them kicks hard!
you're setting your sights too low.
:D
Tillman locking down the funk rhythms with Har Mar Superstar.
We're going to attempt to stream the bostonmarathon at our office without taking our entire interwebs down.
Wish us luck!
Remind me some day to tell you about the time I met wcw 's lover on the bus in Brooklyn.
I am thinking I should make dinner soon.
Lucky you, we just had a massive windy rainstorm for a bit, now cold and wet and cloudy.
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks for following!
LOL!
Then you probably won't like it this time, either.
Not all the designs I saw were attractive.
hope you're feeling better, missed ya yesterday!
The Handy Craftsman is moving our offices to 2810 West Liberty Ave.
Honk when you doctorve by.....
Best of luck!!
These Bitches Funny ; But Im Not Laughin.
: My pre New Years resolution...
to put on 15 lbs during the Holiday Season!
BOOM!
HolidayFatty//jealous!
Dair is one that was destroyed, what was the others?
Thanks for the follow.
You would love it when you swing it.
Awesome wow factor!
Where are you located again?
Oh yeah my bank holiday is being spent in pets at home tomorrow :'
We are announcing our 2012/2013 season shows THIS SUNDAY w/ an article in the BSun!
What shows are you just dying to see at the Hippodoctorme?
Interesting fact!
RT Do you think Facebook has improved your world?
Out of 1,092 people surveyed, 44 percent said no.
Yep dats how i feel but hey you doesnt love me like really Love You too
Being alkaline means increasing your intake of greens, fruits, nuts and seeds, root crops and high pH alkaline water
don't put words in my tweets.
But in order to do that, you'd need to move to California...
forever.
:D
Congrats for being named one of the Best Restaurants in Pittsburgh!
so will OS X 10.7 make my laptop obsolete?
or at least my trackpad?
oh man.
so sorry.
we said was jitters in 1st start  now 1st home start.
I sure hope ur right lovinthetribe bcuz he needs to be better
This is so pacific northwest of you!
I will let you know if I hear of anything.
Do you live in Austin?
: Haters and doubters make the success that much better of a feeling  enough said!
No more Manning Colts?
WTF
I think i will be watching a good 80's horror movie tonight.
NEW!
LimitedEdition Mary Kay Be Radiant Baked Powder Delivers a velvety soft, matte finish with a slight shimmer.
Creamy, soft texture.
Just went on a shopping spree in Look Boutique.
Great service, lots of samples, happy customer!
me and him  me vs him
YES!
6/10/09 ends the overyear long nightmare
Wow!
My question first up on Office Hours.
TP: Productivity Thru People is 1A to Bias for Action 1 in importance.
Someday I'm going to get my Grade Ten.
Bears rookie camp yay football getting closer
and thats if it doesn't go up agian today
LOL!
RT : We want you to Like us, not friend us.
is such a diva.
Shut yo broke ass up !
wonderful!
I sent Gabby the info this afternoon.
Private performance this evening.
Just curious, what are some good solo pieces to play for small intimate gigs other than bach?
Youre so cool.
RT : To all doctorid IG users, don't follow me unless you have 100 pics or more plz and thank you...
NNMIL is on The Twitter FOLLOW
Awsome.
Thanks Colleen!
Visit WGSNHomebuildlife  exhibiting at MOST tomdixon and the Salone del Mobile
Hi yah just eating some Jalapeno bread at my aunts house!!!!
M Mi gusta ;
Very complimentary.

you were B'More's best sports talker for nearly 7 years Viv!
You're the master!
Bulldog
I was thinking since its a fall veggie, it was prob negatively effected by the doctorught :/
: nice!
u get around town lol
What's the one tech gadget you'd like for Christmas?
I want to puke.
doctornking coffee then running in this heat wasn't the smartest idea.....
Shut your face  Cline Eastwood narrates a Dodge commercial?
The costliest words you'll ever utter are the excuses you use for not doing the things you know deed to be done.
I heard a song called The Ping Pong song the other day.
The more you know
most likely taking a personal day tomorrow,
How's about Friday?
I'm off so no time constraints for me
This!!
RT : Everyone should order some TODAY!
They are so god!
.
smith and Bybee Lake
Suggestions for our new Dance group of the Week?
Please, reply!
Looking for a new hangout?
Well squeeze you in at the bar.
Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N.
High, Columbus
Fans will cease to exist.
Measure of celebrity will be the count of trolls  extra points for gotcha monitors.
Guess whose goin to work for casting  TREME .
:
so far lol!!!
That definitely helps.
True Recessionistas have probably already heard but for those who haven't...you can shop TAX FREE  900 North Michigan this weekend!!
YEAY!
Hm getting treated by these Dunwoody niggaz..
Choices so far for new and improved Twitter handle  postmarchivist or icanlift40lbs.
Suggestions welcomed.
Quick Poll: what do you like better for breakfast, a protein shake or a protein bar?
I want to see his transcript and his birth certificate....
Looking white when your not  
I did!
: Can I vote more than once?
Welcome Kyyanite  Official Video  PSYKIC ANIMALS RESTLESS EARTH!!!
Jason, I randomly met in San Francisco a few years ago.
At a bar.
Small world we live in.
Normal is an illusion.
What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly.
Morticia Addams
do yourself and the world a favor just kill yourself you crybaby douchebag
You did NOT deserve to be voted off.
you are my favorite on american idol.
i will be buying your album3 well miss yu :
hey I am a songwriter can I send you a couple records
agree.
but since then at least they got play out of traylor...
alexander did absolutely nothing  neither is salmons.
8th pick wasted
There was a nice bench in front of it that looked lonely.
I went to read about it but it reads for florida
Closing session at TribeFest  speakers who were moved and then made moves to change lives.
There's a message for us: take action!
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Data Recovery from External Western Digital Passport doctorve
: Thank you for your support,you are very sweet I love you STAY STRONG!!
He said something about being able to harness the power of the sun and ripping open the space time continuum or something like that.
It looks like ESPN has a personal Cam cam
Who's doing the socialmadness?
Agreed.
Wish I could be there to check it out!
Thank you homie!
RT : happy birthday to the homie
thanks bro, once I get this thing out the way me you, Z, and Naty can chill again
Why aren't you going to Ireland?
What happened?
:
Text marketing is a user doctorven marketing strategy.
This ensures that businesses can directly reach their targeted audience.
...accidentally doctorp it and now there's these weirdmovinglines showing inside the screen :/
Belmont down 1 with 50 seconds left what a game!!!!!
Anybody remember the Buggs Bunny  Road Runner Show?
Ha!
Consistency?
Not likely...it's just a hoot to look up a little historical dirt on mister Moral Compass.
Locking eyes with the only other girl in the moshpit.
Loving this new phone.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
her music is an experience na in itself tbh and it's good that she's not trying to impress other people thru quirky videos tbh
We are not defined by our appetites.
We are defined by our choices.
Modernfamily desperatehousewives homeland howtomakeitinamerica finally new shows and new seasons!!
the hurt is here to stay
Had one of your delicious green juice recipes this morning and I am in love!
Feeling so good!!
Lake Park Bistro chef's table tonight.
NY Strip w/bone marrow  5 desserts for 3 people.
Simply awesome, can't wait to be back.
Ship it.
Cheaper than new suitcase and airline fees...
just spoke with John Eric at the office so nice, so helpful.
I just love calling them, they're all so wonderful!
Where is it at?
I hate them!
Baltimore  Tampa.
Social Venture Volunteering add social value to your resume and help aspiring young entrepreneurs for more info
I have always loved Wynonna's singing so this is a high compliment.
N
Change what you're DOING; life will change.
Savings Tip Airdoctor dishes instead of using the dishwasher's doctoring cycle
Hey what's up?
Everything all good.
Just waitin on some things to fall into place.
I hate feelin like Im at a standstill tho
Commercials in Spanish..
I can't wait til every new movie title is based on a hardcore band name!
How come when stuff like 10 things I hate about you are trending people only put 1 thing they hate?
It takes no effort to love.
The state has its own innate joy.
Hi there school was bummy with out you meatball
wild phlox is So Beautiful!
Love the color.
my point is, we should hang out:
Cool new tool from for keeping track of your research  ideas
Just wanted to let you know I just got on TFLN
oh okay!
That was a great film!
Nice job man!
Good performances!
yes!
You can't leave without us not going to a concert nothappening gottagobeforemexico summer2012 :D 
Rainy Friday night at the HarrodTuthill house...
y'all know that means a wine and cheese pajama party is about to be had!
Thank you for the FF recommendation!
:
congrats sir.
looking forward to what's next
We have been waiting for this game for weeks.
We love Colorado State at 3.5 to down the Falcons of Air Force today at 6:30 PM EST.
it says it should but it might not.
I want to but it's 30
Dang ?
RT WI lawmakers declared Jan 26 Bob Uecker day.
But, for it to pass Uecker must denounce players union.
I know 3 misterLocke is actually the best
New twitter name!
Lol my friends we're talking about me an gave it to me :D lol so yup out with an in with this one lol
It's National Garlic Day, in case you were looking for a reason to go extra garlicly with any of your meals today.
Not nearly enough Cage for my 10.
okay thanks :
0 a more achievable goal for Congress than 100 approval.
all i want for christmas is 1,000 followers keepitup : 
Trina went in on the minute man song...
She said Hell naw to please me you gotta sleep in it..
haha
Second, I spent most of the entire movie wishing that the idiot who taped the attack would just die already!
LOL!
oh glorious chorus.
: i love it when a melody like this shows up.
What games do you play?
Everyone always needs that one friend to run texts by before sending to filter out the fact that we're all secretly raging psychos.
Congrats to Paul Pierce on passing Larry Bird to become 2nd on the Celtics alltime scoring list!!!
aww I'll miss you guys!!!
Maybe since your grandparents have skype now, we can video chat
Amazon's entire US east coast network just went down, taking us with it.
We'll update here when we know more.
Im Cleva when I bust a rhyme....
RIP Whitney Houston.
Only 48, she had a good but rough life.
I'm guessing OD or suicide.
Yes!
I met Ann; very excellent person who spoke extremely well of you.
Next time I'm in NYC would love to meet up.
Tight work, slight work.
you will be a twitter maven now!
Carrot juice, banana, cocoa powder,  cacoa nibs taste just like a chocolate smoothie.
I promise.
And that's when it sets in, were all just fucking human beings, stay humble.
Back in Boston!
Good to be home.
Heading to Chicago for Show on Friday
Just watched Almost Famous  you'll meet them again on their long journey to the middle.
thank you  one of my top 5 faves
Looking good!
We had a great time working on the project!
ESPN refers to Utoff as a star player trying to transfer out....get it together.
Ryan and UW committed to this kid, deal with it kid.
Do you know of any houses or cabins to rent in the Seattle area that could easily sleep 1012 people?
no Irish accents?
I see how it is :p
Just worked MorningEdition on True life: Am I a morning person?
Like flop happened...
and producer in truck was like HURRY GET THE CAMERA ON STERN
Likewise!
RT : Thank you so much for the mentions this week
BURN.
I guess has 5 more days to let it grow before everyone sees the glory!
You say fuck the world?
We say fuck you.
It's not weird that the picture I took with and Is my lock screen wallpaper .
reports that Mayfield school levy now ahead by 232 votes, with 19 of 29 precincts counted
Can Yu Say Boom Boom Room Lol
Adobe Premiere 5.5.2 once again multiple failures upon output.
awesome.
At Public Assembly in Brooklyn.
Pitchfork TV is in the house!
i dont haha  i was confused
I know.
It's large!
We're gonna need a moving truck.
Lots of good stuff here :
Matt Flynn expected to visit Dolphins tomorrow
His grace is why I'm living....My God..
no i missd it!!!
damn it!
Apparently singing I love my cold medicine during commercials means you've exceeded the recommended daily dose
The Nielsen Co reported that, on average, the global consumer spends about 1 in every 4.5 minutes online on blogs/social networking sites.
Loeb giving Yahoo!
CEO third degree
Summer, y u no come faster?
Oh well, the difference is stunning.
Back in LexVegas for the afternoon...Beautiful Day!!!
Good overview of Sencha at earlier tonight by of
I told how i tried to flip off the trampoline  fell  started laughing.
blinks while doing a backflip Now what?!?!?!?!
JKKKK.
I would never backflip to you!
I hear ya.
We're starting on monday.
Whenever you have a chance, that would be awesome
Good stuff, and good luck!
Awesome game !!!
Awesome to watch !
Hi hey, what concept do you love?
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!!
3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY: with
hope to see it before the closing!
Yep I was thinking that he prob did.
He seems so busy now or he'll hit me up late.
Oh well, I'll let it be.
I heart too!
What are the different reasons, m?
Love 2 Lil Red Hens  Baked, AND love Bird Bath's scones
current of course!
Movies are the only escape from the doctordgery of work and family...
No offense.
Homer Simpson
assuming the broncos can rid themselves of Tebow, looks like you and I share yet another favorite team
Back to the studio July 5th to work on the EP 
When ever the crowl out of their projects , they never supervise any of their 10 kids
Today is a website writing kind of day
: If the Celtics accidentally make it to the Finals, I will throw 4 little mini parties/gatherings to watch them get swept.
Super excited to learn about the version of a Blog Barn Raising and share it on
yep, bots pretty much program to respond to apple keywords.
The other is fishing attempts like crazy with links.
no problem
I freaking love that song
Some of the things people tweet at me make me think I'm tripping balls.
Seriously weird stuff, guys.
My 3 yr old just told me you're the best girl ever.
Now if he'll just believe that forever.
Hello.
Yes it was me.
It was a while ago, though  what did you have in mind?
I should still have the script somewhere.
That's for sure!!!
mycarissounreliable I try and find ways not to doctorve it
girl, if i were the one hacking him, i would say stuff like RVillanuevaLove IS SO SEXY, YEAH SHES MY GF3
Apr is Volunteer Appreciation Month!
THANKS to all that have helped grow the MKE affiliate!
We will WIN the fight against pancreatic cancer
I am in a place san fran.
that I thought I would never see this proves that wishes do come true it's time to take it to the stage!!
ThisChristmas I'm please to say, We Won a Judgment of Over 1 Million for our Client!
:
Today I shipped an accordion.
The clerk asked if the package contained any hazardous materials.
I had to think about that.
Chillin in health class with with my mohhazz!!!
tell dave to leave my bby alone.
i should come with a hazard: klutz sign.
If they wanna be with me or not..
:
To the jerk parked in front of my apartment bldg blaring calypso music out of your car...
Either turn that crap off, or bring me a Margarita
Fuck a liar.
Hey Boss Lady, we would love to feature you in our new women's mag!!!
ForLadiesWhoRunTheWorld!
I am going to have to not look at twitter during day games, my MLB App has a slight delay.
Payroll software ezPaycheck helps streamline business accounting.
And the new 2012 version was customized for restaurants with features t
hi!
starting discussions here about uses of academic twitter.
mindmeld with  soon?
Jimmy's Red Hots, established in 1954, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
BUT THEY ARE!
Quick glance at the stats!
Haywood with 5 rebounds...
Follow Back BlackShadeMafia
Okay.....
What ever  fuck you
I just understood that : I'm so proud of myself.
YAYYYYY IT'S ST.
PATRICK'S DAY.
WOO.
hope your little one feels better soon.
Big announcements coming this week!
Looks Great!
its just what i needed :
It's your loss
Sending good presentation vibes in the direction of my deptmates who are presenting today
It's great to see this comic is still around :3 Nice page!
Catch the dang ball first basemen!
Bring back Barmes.
Being lonely could be the worst feeling.
twitterpeopleIlove Miley, Demi, Justin, Selena, doctorke, Wayne, Jason Derulo, etc...
Using Google Docs at 12noon is cancelled...bummer!
I wonder who is the longest couple t that's been together : Will  Jada??
Anyone knows???
I have run both marathons.
How much fun they were.
How's my fav twitter yak?
I am now.
I need a lot of help there.
Ur like Nick at Night cuz I want around 4 ever like a rerun
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there.
Special shout out to all the SPs back at Job Corps!
NO!
OH NO!
I'm so sorry, Dave.
How exciting, little lady!
Have an awesome time enjoying your new crib.
:
Burning the midnight oil.
RT : Today is finally here!
A couple of hours till Art Walk at the !
What movie to watch lateeeerrr 
wondering, is SeanPayton breaking things right about now??
i want to put that picture of you on hurrr
I often think clowns will try to eat me.
:
um idk let's think of something ?
Because they're usually wearing skirts and highheels, the dummies!
Mosquitos also inspect me, move in closer as they identify a potential blood donor.
Seriously?
Some people just need to grow up.....TheEnd!
Gm!!
We are almost there.....The weekend!!!
Woohoo!
Have a great day!!
read the books
Hi Ryan.
noted that we should touch base.
Lauren and I are helping to run a writing center this year.
hey how is everything.
Don't worry, I never get that far.
you HAVE TO follow !
New bassnectar coming up!
Wisconsin woman held in dognapping at DMV office
An Expos cap  a RedSox jersey?
Really?
Boston has some interesting fashion in the stands.
Sometimes on our planet, weather occurs.
Sat.
Happy Hour 27pm, Live music kicking off at 7:30pm, and enjoy a great Chard, Malbec, and Cab on the Wine tasting.
If the Catholic church wants to protect marriage.
They should fight to outlaw divorce.
: I'm reminded of the Elvis Costello song Angels Wanna Wear My Red Shoes.
Also gives new meaning to peep toe shoes
prayers for a safe flight!
Been getting money lately ...
I ain't gotta say names you kno who you are just another bitch
SHUT THE FUCK UP no one cares my god
If I have a company Amex card with Delta Skymiles, does the company get my Skymiles or do I?
Ha!
Touche.
Pretty chill God who would grant that prayer.
RT maybe that's what someone else was praying would happen.
Book your event with by Jan 31st  save 100!!!
I am going to destroy the next person who treats me like I am fragile.

Was Gone Cook Breakfast , But I'm Too Tired .
ImaBelieberBecause...do you expect me to explain in under 140 characters?
I hate mosquitos :'
because sucks
I need a pedicure so bad!
who gives a fucc what she said JUST DO IT NIGGAH!!!!!
Have a wonderful Saint Patrick's Day!
Tuck your damn jersey in Bynum.
: maybe that's why I don't even remember if be kissed me or not..i was probably hypnotized LMAO.
I feel yaa
True.
Btw I'm thinking of going to Joint Conf of Librarians of Color.
From what I see, at least they have interesting panels.
maybe we need a facetofacial meeting?
: S/o to my newest follower!
She's gonna be famous someday!
Don't think so Mikie but thanks for the s/o.
;
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ha!
I'm sure you'll think of something to tweet about.
See ya next week!
Just let me know time wise im there
I know people that can help
What music/artrelated events are going on this weekend?
Having skirt stake with heart of palm sauce!
Lost sleep costs the average American worker 11.3 days, or 2,280, in lost productivity yearly.
Cost to the nation: 63.2 billion.
i am going to rip my eyes out oh my god too much homework literally 180 questions
These photo a day may are getting more difficult.
I don't think I have a favorite word
They called me and ask if I really wanted French I wanted fat free ranch.
Good looks buths!
yup!
for sure
Thank you Terri, for listening and for been here!
Wishing you a fabulous day!
Q: what are you going to do to help people overcome addiction in our communities?
Live online broadcast isn't working
Just finished the new St.
Ignatius College Prep Choirs Face book page.
Become a member and get up to date information about SI choirs!
The Kardashian Family Hits Vegas to Unveil Khaos Store It was a Kardashian event of epic proportions  and no, it wasn t th
I'm That Loyal Chick, That Ride Or Die Chick, That Go Get It By Any Means Chick...
You Don't Know What I'm Talking Bout!
Ha!
OnANewLevel!!
internal failure last night, Sony equivalent of the Red ring of Death.
Only 3 months old.
Can't even get thru to service.
Happy teachers day!!!
Best sightings in the media center so far, Shannon Sharpe and Kurt Warner.
Always a pleasure!
You say you don't want to lose me but you're the one pushing me away, I just don't get it.
I remember you on the local FOX in PGH while I was at Pitt.
Seriously?
Is it mobile?
With 2 of America's biggest sports locked out, what will fill the void?
When He Got His Twitter Back Thats When I Ask!
Someone....come chill.
That last tweet was inadvertant.
nice day but won't be enjoying it!
that picture is awesome.
loving the remixes
Yeah.
I saw that stat in conjunction with a screenshot of retweets from people asking the same Q: who is osama
The world of the generous gets larger and larger; the world of the stingy gets smaller and smaller  Proverbs 11:24
haha ikr we stayed in her class
Dancing Sarno always makes for good video.
Would like to thank for getting to professorss his love to me on paper.
Still freaking out.
3 xx
Freaking the fuck out !!
., who's headed to Madison?
RT: Welcome back, Badgers!
Which alumni traveled the farthest for
happy Monday and back at you!
Laying in bed flipping back and forth b/w the SDSU baseball game  the Lakers game 
Rainy Day..starting Private Empire
Groundhog Day: Evidence that weather men still haven't convinced people that they know what they're talking about.
Swinburning Down the House.
can't wait 2 c u dance again..
Good luck....
Is ur mom gonna b their 2 c u dance again?
Im only perfect when Im myself3
Texas about to take this
Sending Legs Get Led Astray to you, first thing tomorrow!
help me get 100 followers Plz
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful  someone out there is crazy about you.
Life's too short to not use your smile.
girl i couldve bet it was!!!hahahah i was bout to sayy dang Jackyy totally changeging in a positive waayy!!!
Thanks for follow, following back!Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
iDont Cuff For A Season , iCuff For A Reason 3
aw Joey  ilytoo!
Let's go to lunch again with  I'll make you both brownies!
Imy guys 
Peace sis.
Been a fan since I heard you.
Stay on.
oooohweee!
There she is!
Mane I've been lookin for you!
Howard might be right about the hip injury.
Could just be playing hurt.
We'll find out when see list of offseason surgeries.
summer supper: roasted corn,baby squash, asparagus, bell pepper, mushrooms on arugula w/sliced tomato, new potatoes doctorzzled w/olive oil.
Thanks so much!
I love Italian.
And Harrah's is just up 291, right?
I'll look.
Entrepreneur Stars is having a contest to give away 5,000 to up to 20 businesses!!
Possible story?
We think so!!
:
Congratulations to NY!!
Well done!
are you in Seattle?!?!
I keep thinking how education is called a new market.
Just think the industry spinoffs testing has spawned.
resolution : don't need one.
It is really.
Appreciate what they have given you dammit.
it might come to decision
Thanks for following.
I look forward to your happy tweeting.
I BLOCKED YOUR FUCKING NUMBER SO I CANT FUCKING ASSHOLE, AND I WONT.
Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
Whew...
Our email service has been restored!
Thanks for your patience.
i will...give everyone in my class extra credit...when the heat win the playoffs.
oops...you won't be in my class any more
given the state of the Internets, we should build that nifty teleportation device.
would approve.
it is like watching a train wreck happen before your eyes
O!!
Where'd you get that pic?!
yeah it's two different fillings and three cookies..
It's like a Big Mac Oreo..
soo doctoramy!
I'll bite.
Who's the old friend?
Must be Senior Day at PF Changs.
It smells of Metamucil and lettuce wraps.
Hey Dan any chance you can give a shout out for me to suit up for Senior night?
I'm not on the team either but I didn't quit!
ha
Ppl who always talk about shit u know nothing about 
: Todolicious 1.0.3, with support for Lion, will be submitted to the Mac App Store tonight.
Great app.
Are some boys in New York City upset that had 2 teams in the championship?
I'm smart!
I can handle things!
I literally just imagined that as a valid possibility
Don't forget to see MarkStuartDance 2nite We go on at 6:15!
This week has officially been the slowest.
Same old songs on a brand new stereo.
loll u silly, boy!
How u been?
today is a wonderful day to sip some tea at
that is true, ill leave u to handle that place.
MIGHT AS WELL FOLLOW ME BACK...
A brand is fun to build but no one else cares about them but you, especially as a small practice  C.
Todd Lacey
Notify Jemele Hill  STAT!
RT : Not a single black girl on Celtics dance team?
Did they let Simmons judge the tryouts?
Good morning peeps.
Happy Wednesday!
Alex!
Did Chris Columbus stay home?
No.
And did Galoka think that the Ulus were too ugly to save?
very excited to connect with everyone at next week's conference!
Looking forward to it!
Me: Indian accent oh my gosh Hannah you're gonna be so girly when i get done with you tomorrow!
Hannah: calm down!
ur high if u thnk tht
just one day.
cant wait for my nook to get here!!
excited!
I can't watch the 30 Rock episode live ONLINE?
Fiddlesticks.
yes, yes we do!
RT : do we really want to do this?
Not that I'm doubting my dingos ;
That sounds awesome.
Either do the math yourself or know which follow up questions to ask.
Q.
What's the hottest thing in the world?
A.
Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
Lighten up.
Jesus.
Sleep music tonight will be either Iron  Wine or Jack Johnson.
Or, hmm, Lowercase Noises.
All very soothing.
For you I shall.
Ha ha  nice!
I'm getting ready to do my Weekly Review.
Are you proud of me?
It's Happy Hour today 10/28 at Cake Fetish from 34, everything over a dozen is 1/2 off!
Happy Halloween!
I do that to I have stacks of books that I just pick on at random to read when I don't know what I want hehe
Ain't nobody gon know about it..if they ain't head about it I dig that
You bring the value to Twitter!
RT : What if we thought Twitter was a useless fad that had no real value?
;
In 2012 I plan on losing 20lbs I also plan on taking up amputation.

Your Subway commercial ran again
blah blah :p haha
Athe further the distance the stronger the love 3
if you followed me tonight I will go down the street yelling MEGAN FOLLOWED ME: I really will too:D
I am coming to NYC this weekend after webwise.
Which NYPL location should I go see?
i wuuvv you two!
ok, have narrowed down to Shun Lee or Cowfish.
Cowfish may be crowded due to Easter Sunday, but Jonathan has not been there.
anytime.
I am now taking appointments for patients in
I love 's review forum.
contractattorneys  tell it like it is!
Anonymous and safe.
Crappy agencies should be silenced.
tweet me:
The pressures that the world puts on us should only serve to strengthen the power that is in us.
greater is he that is in me...
It's coming  you heard it here first: The doctorvn Apparel doctorftJump; a Guinness event.
oh dear.
I am sending prayers for everyone's health and comfort.
We are in a making time where the rules and laws need to change, ie 3D printing, says
Me and Niall both love food.
We are meant to be!!
Pretty incredible to see Irene's Westerly tentacles swirl to the South here in South Carolina, as she storms up the East Coast.
Wow.
Dear , I was just invited to a Friday nite party to celebrate your passage thru Koreatown.
I'll be shrinkwrapped too.
YES!!
Guess I'm coming in for lunch again today.
You can always add a little water to get the strength you desire.
ColdBrew is really flexible.
Weird Science!
Haven't seen this movie in years.
that's great!
maybe we can grab a lunch or happy hour when you're here!
Just let me know whenever you get into town!
:
Tim Hightower returning to Redskins, agrees to oneyear deal
how u been lady?
It just dawned on me, the beauty part of being in the 99 is that it takes a lot less time to Christmas shop!
that was fun.
Granny prob not gonna convert!
EEk!
Bad life choice?
Haha
of course ray ray iz the UK fun!!all of yu are!!
you've got the power!
Man, so much going on!!!!
I can't believe how everything is hitting at once, but then isn't that how it always goes??
:
Happy Cinco peeps!
;
Sharing is holiness.
its 72 degrees is cali :D i wanna go swimmingg
Joining the wall of dads waiting outside Forever21
My overall goal is to doctorp down to approximately 190lbs
Thanks for listing me on the Abq Businesses list!
Hey ....
I'm your biggest fan!!
Well...prolly not.
But you are entertaining and you smoke too much dope!
Are you even old enough for ?
she got an ass on her and she pretty in the face i spend some cash on her it aint nothin to a nigga awhh yeah
I know I keep sayin it but, I really miss and
you turned it in already.
Great conversation at likemind  see y'all next month!
Websites that automatically play music are like strangers who try to talk to you on a plane.
Made me laugh.
Reads like your dog is enjoying the wine : Happiness is sitting next to a snoring dog enjoying a glass of wine
i love you
I hope Beyonce doesn't have triplets.
She'll fire the two talented ones and give the pretty one a raise.
Ditto.
And I am a metadata librarian!
you're right .
that is brilliant.
OMG TRISH TWEETED MY YOUTUBE VIDEO!!!!!!!
IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!!
Loving life getting comments saying im pretty omg :
amen brother...
Love those guys...
I always try and fix everyone else before me
Hope to see ya there!
I guess that's cheaper than buying the CD.
just watching tv , bored  .
what are you doing ?
It is NEVER okay for a male to hit a woman!
Have to run to a meeting but loved the conversation, might be adding you guys to my circles this week :
: it's in all six of his necks xD haha randy get killed
thanks for an amazing post!!
YOUNG PHAT PERFORMING LIVE  INDUSTRY INFLUENCE MONDAY DEC.
5TH!!!!
ANOTHER MIGHTY MPIYA EXCLUSIVE!!!!
YOUNNGGGIN LETS GET IT NIGGA!!!
Addicted to baby powder?
This ain't How High...
lol ur tweeting me and I'm home.
Fail!
Lunch after ur class?
Thanks so much!
Bros baseball game for a little bit then to my grandparents maybe chilling with sis too
I don't even read other people tweets, I just speak my thoughts and don't give a shit if you respond
If I'm single why does it matter what I'm doing I'm jus trying to have fun
Dear Subaru, Please never stop making commercials involving dogs doing people things.
Gets me every time!
Myboilingpointis when yo punk ass ignore my text even though I can see that you read it Recieved,Read CAUGHT
Texas roadhouse!!
can't stand him, zero honor
Samardzija looked great!
Glad he made rotation.
Go Cubs go!
but that is the nature of entrepreneurial professort, no?
Trading your product/process for professort, not your time for money.
Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us.
Stephen R.
Covey
God is Great!
Great veg crepes in presidents field and plaza de panama
Nice to see the afternoon show taking joy in the Brewers woes.
LMAOO just get here scrub !
Ahahahaha
Everyone plzz follow my other account thanxxx: i follow backk:
Ah yeah, I understand.
haha, what styling are you recording now?
About that blunt I threw at you........
WHY R U GOING TO THE DOCTOR STALKER!!??
Nothin like takin care of a sick child all weekend.Been thrown up on a few times, changed sheets, cleaned many walls and floors
I must be old school too cause I can't hear the stream
: I just appreciate the support.
Means a lot.
teaching Geocoding at the Fire Service GIS Intro Class.
coo yea we bout to do a whole project wit Coolwadda so let us know we lookin for beats
I dont need to worry, I already got colleged RT Watch what you tweet.
Yuri Wright's Twitter posts may cost him college scholarship
Im NOT usin the fitness ball you guise 
Oh the irony Snipe by king
Getting a bevery from the COB would probably cringe
damn....thats true
: hey its not to attract girls!
It's cause she's the shit!!
word....
But it's going fantastic thank you
if you see tweet say yeeee ;
Interpreting the Pulitzer fiction decision as a gentle nudge away from linear realist how we live now novels
If any DePaul faculty/staff members want to feature events or resources on the Teaching Commons before the SQ Newsletter, send me a DM.
I'm having a real bad day today.
Maybe another time.
:/
Kika is helping me make tea and just told me to not forget to add one bag for the pot.
What a smart, good girl.
todo make a sustainable todo system.
Thx for following me.
Hopefully Twitter will help us build community.
mark
yup that's me babe
It's true  Thurgood Marshall was outspoken on the issue of civil rts; RBG was outspoken on behalf of women's rts.
Training for my own triathlon on Oct 8th...just need to eat plenty of protein!
yeah..
not a big baseball fan but movie was well worth it..
here's what happens at the end......
were you able to get your mouse back?
appreciate knowing that ;
When will people realize that if they something people will move .
Instead of just standing there making faces
Everything is all about you; you just like me cause I do stuff for you...
The majority of coaching transitions involve those who are under contract or they quit briefly with their eyes elsewhere.
Have a great time with your father.
Yelln at Riley to stp pulling my hair n all she does is laugh lol so priceless I love my daughter...
good evening!
very cool.
Okay :D
Why do y'all follow me?
Maybe it's because they try to ram their beliefs down everybody's throats in politics, government, education, and medicine!
Of all the thirtysix alternatives, running away is best
you know, the Syrah/butterfinger pairing wasn't too bad!
I wouldn't recommend the sweettarts...
Its a great day, now make it so!
Fridays are always great.
Standing ovation for Coach
well it's much easier to say than Mim Elllling
I'm actually OK with ESPN's having the first game at Marlins park Wed.
night.
Means I won't be disappointed by the Extra Innings pkg again.
You have plans 2nite: 68pm closing reception for this month's artists.
Works of 50 DC area artistswinebeermusic.
See u there?
Are you creepinnnnn ?
You need to get on so you can RT this!
Love you:

Meant to write Kirtland's rather than Kirkland's.
Love the new interface for
I was even annoyed reading my LinkedIn professorle, so I did some major editing.
Does aaannnnyyyyyooonnnneeee have ps3?????????
Do they not go astray who devise evil?
But mercy and truth belong to those who devise good.
Proverbs 14:22 Choose to go with God today!!!
RT : Sandusky still receiving monthly pension payments from PennState coaching job, totaling 58K annually.
Where will McNabb end up next season?
Cardinals Vikings 49ers ?
Yeah, the abrupt ending was a little off.
Still cute though.
cc
Okay, we need to Jericho Parks  Recs!!
the sims.
Very gay I know but so good And addicting.
Where is said faraj and jesse woodoctorw when I need them...my avengers crew is missing in action
Always think twice when you say I can not afford it.
If you need it and it will help you, then you can not NOT afford it!
I would kill for a visit to a Little Big Burger.
M cheeseburger, truffle oil fries  beer.
Miss u
watching right now
Watched at talk about '09 Shoreline food festival.
Beautiful tale well told.
Got to meet her too!
Thank you very much to all those that donated through the SD Foundation Give Big initiative yesterday.We can only do our work with your help
Happy Birthday GeneSimmons!
You are a saving angel of mercy.
Except for the spraying coffee burns.
All the things I wish I would've said....
You will be a Scientist in Crediton.
You are so awesome, girl
Most malarial outbreaks worldwide.
1million deaths in sub Saharan Africa alone.
Most kids 5 and under
Waiting for my boo to come home so we can smoke blunts.
C:
have you done Barre classes?
Killer!
bout to leave in the rain
Show tonight at Krave.
Come out and show some love.
Ayyyyyyyyeee
The main difference between a Baptist and a Presbyterian is a Baptist won't wave to you in the liquor store.
when you finally talk to the boy you have been waiting for my parents screw it up !
WTF
Just catching up on updates, and planning on working on more animation frame studies.
Got to stay active.
Ayers: On Digital Scholarship Lab at Richmond: visualizes US voting data, all of it, 1840present.
OMG DH Moment for this observer.
Joe Karaganis on media piracy in emerging economies.
Arr!
bcltorphanworks To fight it, what can change?
Tech, income, or prices?
Why is everyone mad at me?
Shouldn't I be mad at you?
hook em horns m/
haha, love the line 'So real, it's unreal!'
check out the www.phoenixhiphop.net online hip hop awards.
is nominated for Phx hip hop producer of the year.
Check it out!
I not only believe that God can change my circumstances, but I KNOW that He will!
Really?
Another kid with a leash?
Bull shrooms and gay jans coming at ya.
Comin' in hot!!!
what's wrong with success?
It's what independent thinking people want.,
Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.
Shit.
Been in electronic line to buy Springsteen tix for five minutes but line hasn't moved.
I have business communications.
And yes, I live in fenn
I think some heads will roll after our story today.
taking care of business.
goodnight its time to go im tired
Here we go!
Good luck you two
If you are a Recruiter with at least 3 open positions contact me for a Trial Climber Catalyst account.
Victor in Seattle, Scott's friend?
's background maked me dizzy lmao
Last night in WV.
Having the best time ever, but it's time for and I to return to Orlando!
Its about to go down 
so thankful for the 90s playlist found for spotify.
it is keeping me awake today!
tank you.C:
POKER Quote: Telling Phil Hellmuth a bad beat story, is like telling Joan Rivers a Botox Story Norman Chad
hey whats up girl ??
Some girls always have to have a man I prefer to be single
He has a brother Liam that is just as attractive.
Liam Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth.
Im starting over from scratch.....
I can't believe how evil people are....
Especially the ones u love..
Outta here asap
Great game son!
Watching the Pats take care of the broncos right now.
Random Quote: Dont let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.
Ha!
Yeah.
Starting to work on an eye catcher piece for this year's BIA Parade of Homes!
June 16July 1st!
See you there?
sorry too.
the best of surprises.
was there?!
Never metter.
Free from twitter jail
Ohh I see.
That's Cool :
Seriously Reds?
Jay Bruce...
Scott Rolen...
Who else is in on the fix?
I can't imagine how these girls feel actually being there.
But at the same time, your dumbass got yourself in there
www.blockstarsonline.com come through!
if you ever need some beats bro hit me up
Congrats Kim!
I heard that you were going to be at Spelman.
You make us Spelmanites proud!
green and gold sunday
Can't get so caught up in religion that we miss God...
Well, it wasn't the worst I'd seen by far, but can you believe I liked The Ward better??
When you wake up to the cold and the rain, what do you do to get your spirits up?
Comfort food?
Coffee?
Whats your secret?
I TWEETED ON THE RONG PERSON GOSH
Ok so we are gonna switch up the way the contest is being won, a random follower will win 2 tickets to watch our event on Jan 21st!
all mahomies follow my personal
Lisa has put the keys in a special spot for me so I don't forget.
But I don't do wet sheets, Miss.
Today marks the last day of the 2011/2012 college football season.
Who will win it all?
The shit i do for my boys
I feel for you.
Sheer happiness.
Wtf am I gay?
Going on live with the legendary singer/songwriter Carol Connors!
www.radiokolamerica.com
first time we met, your face became etched in my mind.
Bootcamp tomorrow at 7:20 am.
Be there!!!
Foam rolling class at 9 am.
Have a great night!
chocolate.
They can share then as well.
At least my .02.
5 more days
RT I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop
I love you.
Time to go become a little bit more of an authentic New Yorker by opening a local bank account.
I feel so pretty
Tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
It's beautiful out!
Open until 10pm.
Very charming John Lithgow, speaking about the invigorating power of stories.
with grading final papers comes the inevitable groveling and excuseswhy its late ah awaiting the grade grubbing phase
Spent the last day of the year in shorts and a short sleeve shirt....not a bad way to end 2011
The creatives get no play on 'The Pitch' It's all about the execs.
not sure who Joe is but, ok.
Any word on clubs?
is it gonna rain tomorrow?
S/O to and for letting us be great in
i love yoou too;D3
I still feel the same about him
WOW hit the 800 like mark thank you all so much.
Never new I would get this many pepole from all over.
So from this CALI GIRL thank you all.
RT if u wanna follow
Bc I didn't have access to my work laptop this weekend I actually had an incredibly relaxing weekend...first 1 in I can't remember how long
Scuse me where's the Mofro?
Im starting to question your crispyness.
RT : RT : What the HungerGames has taught me about Christian men: wisdom from :...
Our society is based on getting not giving.
Awesome!!
Did You Get The New MW3 Maps On Elite?
Seems like Twitter's getting more commercialized by the second.
Noticing a lot of people are mentioning stores  products in their Tweets.
You know what sucks?
I forgot to buy computer paper so I have to doctorve to my parents' house tomorrow morning to print stuff.
RT : Took Marlene to  checked in online before leaving the house.
Got a stylist, as soon as we got there!
Super cool!
This is the most stressful part of the year.
Our school Awards were fucken boring
Pittsburgh is rich in student talent, come and hear for yourself at Campus Superstar, April 1st.
THE singing competition to be at!
The road to success is always under construction.
Angelina Jolie just won the Golden Globe for ugliest woman alive
Espresso blend trial has huge bright berry flavors and a finish akin to starburst.
Civil War: Today in 1864, Sherman entered Atlanta  divided his men into a Left Wing and Right Wing during his infamous March to the Sea.
Haha.
I've been waiting my whole life to get upgraded for free.
At last!
Way to go Eagles.
32 baby...
youknowdamnwell I'm in love yeah me
Our thoughts are with all who were affected by the weather today.
Please stay safe out there.
I lol'd at your attempts of making me mad.
How come old people always try to run me over when i am just legally crossing the street, then get mad at me....
JJ Taylor Expo today.
Sample Schellsbeer at the Depot DT MPLS 48PM.
A special cask of Aged Maple Stout will be served by JJ doctorft Crew.
Yes!
Just noticed that!
There may be other Kevin Free but there is only ONE KEVIN R.
FREE!
wasnt us , the people i was wit left about 10.30 last night , soo wasnt us ..
I took a chair and moved it from one yard, all they way across the street to another yard.
Patio Furniture Boys for life!
I only talk on the phone when its my parents or if it related to business.
Otherwise its texting only!
on the bus in Chinatown
I've been so bad at this twitter thing.
My goal is to string together 6 tweets over the next 7 days.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear your voice and in a video and think..Is that really what I sound like to other people?
Come to the live show in Best Buy at Sawgrass right now for 10 off music accessories!
Are you expecting?
Share your due date with us!
Was that supposed to impress me?
A dude working at a store downtown is wearing PJ bottoms.
just causually quoting American Beauty in normal coversation.
Wish I was with my second family but I'm glad see the first family
So ready for a nap.
This day has been so doctorining!
No.
:p Who are you trying to use?
Diane Wittenberg, PlugIn Electric Vehicle Collab.
in convo w/ Nichols: will AB 32 doctorve biz out of California?
fat communist bastards.
Getting ready for work np frank sinatra pandora
I'm wo.fucking.tired of petty mother.fuckers.and.bitches that.don't mind their own fucking business..
tired.of.assholes assuming shit!!!!
I've been meaning to try them out.
Any suggestions?
Office transformation begins today, so iNSPIRE is headed to the Texas State Fair!
now following back
I tweet a lot so what
Tonight's agenda: MDEDC Holiday Party  4:30.
Denver50  6.
Christmas Chorale  7.
Hope to see you at one of them.
uumm hell no u start everything!!
I love the holidays.
Three more fifths and I will be whole!
Less than 2 hrs until Night 2 of our Apple A Day Giveaway gets under way!
Get those phone dialing fingers ready!
Good Luck!
Thanks for the RT.
follow back
Photography is about sharing how you feel at the time.
That statement was much less about sushi  more about not giving it up to come get Mexican with us.
nelson cruz just trolled donaldson
At minuteclinic.
Stepped on rusty nail  need tetanus shot.
Nurse says I'm going to lunch.
Go walk around for an hr.
Sarcasmic.
Sprocket Rocket is also a great game for creators
exceptional customer service definition

looks like baby simba
are you still coming back to Wichita falls?
We miss y'all 33
We're on the patio!
I'm so confused :/
I am allowed to carry a gun if I dont tell anybody I have it.
Its called a concealed weapon.
Hey, Andy Van Slyke.
If you aren't watching, your fat son Scott got a hit
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
hehe; well we can talk about this web your dms work!;
i want to tell me he loves me likenothingelse even if it isnt true..
sad?
yeah i know..
lol love u justin
Oh Corey Haim died ...
tragic !
At least it wasn't anyone important.
LIKE Corey Feldman ...
that would be totally devastating ...

Katrina is singing a song named after you!
it won't let me follow you for some reason, text me 5055501655
prints on most any paper stock that customers bring in.
Even perforated card stock for business cards.
Color printing of course!
I believe in miracles!!
Happy Resurrection Day!!
:  xx
Bahahahahahaha, is she fine though??
She ain't got no cheeks though!!!
LOL
happy birthday torrr love you :!!
I really hope it doesn't rain today.
Warped Tour at The Gorge in Washington was fun, thanks for hanging out!
Special thanks to Family Force 5 for doing a signing at our tent!!
So I've been reading up on PHP/MySQL for web programming, and I think I'm ready.
Test Project: Online Inventory System
Yes!
He's what three years old, that can't be ok
is gorgeous but so annoying
Movie Time: THE BOX  If you press this button, someone you don't know somewhere else will die, but you'll also receive...
I just wanna touch  kiss .
.
I wish that I could be with you tonight.
I agree totally but just feel like it was a slap in the face to his backups.
Even though it's clear he's the best QB on the team
My rule has always been to have some lady for the winter, then go single in the summer!
Especially when u live in Chicago!
yeah, Mel is like Joey on friends.
She doesn't share food.
She's almost stabbed my hand with a fork before.
;
While the world doesn't need another blog, it does need more '80s and '90s musings...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com.
Told me bye tho ..
lol .
Classic .
After the 9 hr I plan to plan a weekend trail ride / beer swill / campfire camp out.
It'll be swell!
DM me the account tel  as well as the MAC addoctorss.
I'll take a look.
That moment when you get a sweet text  you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo
Just got home: no school tomorrow for us!
It's Kuhio Day!
:
Is it cool if you wish Desmond loved you as much as he loves Penny?
Asking for a friend.
how is this Wednesday?
I support President Obama because he creates space for the truth to live!
Thank you for the shout out!
It started early today and it's been non stop with good possibilities.
I'm thankful.
Good Morning!
See you !
My 10 year celebration continues TonightSaturday night.
Yes!
I just went to check on all my resin pieces and everyone turned out without a single flaw!
Love EnviroTexLite never let's me down
Agree, and everyone in the org needs to be on board
ruthless rye ipa now pouring.
Sitting here once more doing homework I ready for finals next week...
hyped about UK vs UNC
Mercy swerve
What's your favorite Oscar nominated movie?
TheLife Gonna call via cellphone in a few
prepping to watch tonight...
Just not sure if I can take Lavinia right now.
stop scouting college bball guys and start scouting our opponent tomorrow
Clearly, I need to stop wearing such short skirts.
Or is it the tube tops?
Congrats to Watson on Jeopardy last night.
Great showing.
Us robots are taking over the world!
new video is awesome 3
That's what keeps the fight interesting.
Wade stop then he dunk lmao what a play
Always something there to remind me...
Wait a second.
No Pulitzer for Fiction?!
I didn't think that was even possible.
When people get the same thing you have or had :
hey Becky, sorry, we're going to try TUES 8pMT for awhile, see if that helps w/ everyone's schedules ..
Talking about cover design.
Very exciting.
This thing is almost done.
If I see you out somewhere I'm asking you now since you said it was okay.
Got the perfect UK basketball for you to sign
He fucking with these nobody ass bitches 
Wilson was the funniest thing I've ever heard.
Jesus and I laughed for literally 3
likewise!
I only wish there was time for more hands and more conversations.
You're the raddest.
Fuck, I shud be asleep by now.
Well you ask for a lot of things.
How am I to know which requests are real???
sounds like a ton of fun  unless you deal with groomzilla or bridezilla.
Top new tech products: Nikon D3200, flagship Bluray player
Gallows  Frank Carter  Boring.
any chance at a groom today?
Hey Duke, Missouri loves company!
great pic..
who ever sits there is full of shit..
Congrats on your 1,000th tweet .
.
.
pointlessly epic or not.
Did you have a good time?
well done mister Rice ; crowd cheers positivetweet LOL
i see how it is!
RT : Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Thomas Edison
Just woke up from a nap bad news.
Mouth Hurts .
Leadership Games meeting tonight at 7:00 p.m.
Akers Hall Rm.
134.
Meeting should only last 30 mins.
If you can't make it let me know.
Insanity Core Cardio and Balance this morning, i'm feeling really tired but gonna dig deep and push through!!!
very good!!
hahahahahha.sounds like you pulled the ol  aka you forgot the underscore bro
aw man thanks!
You'd write a better one though.
Parents are here so it's time for breakfast at Hugo's!!
1 other thing's changed: bizness's customers hv gone broke, can't get credit  can't afford 2 buy anything.
Yes, but is your dormant trigger Power?
The political system is like WWE.
The only difference is, WWE is more realistic  entertaining!
RWNJ's are killing America!
Looking at property Friday Morning.
Cash Money Investors, Rehab specialists stay tuned.
Great Deal in the works!
Jason: Thanks for following me!
;
2012  bad movie.
However, I just discovered the end of the mayan calander and it has creeped me out.
I thought the Easy Bake reference implied that your oven usage was on par with a 7year old.
OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS!!!
JUSTIN FINALLY NOTICED YOU!!3 CONGRATS AUSTIN xD
I so want a buffalowildwings in lacey washington...I promise I would be there everyday!
it's just as well that i'll be in korea without a car for a year.
i've done enough doctorving in the past three weeks to last a long time.
Don't miss us on Sound of Africa from 56 tonight!
Streaming at KDVS.org featuring music by the Vision Stars!
: hahahaha love u sessy : see she knows whats up bye hate u but love u lissa
peopleimthankfulfor all my friends and my family...
they've helped me get through so much recently.
thanks for always being there for me :
This was the first NFL doctorft since 2008 in which a Mizzou Tiger wasn't taken in the first round.
Damn the day moves fast!
Already time to pick the kids up from school.

thanks for the love!
You know Adam, I hate to admit it but I'm starting to see your point re: violence, fights, etc.
This is near mayhem and silly.
mister Funny Pants
mark Liggett loves you.
So does Nolan Thomas!
Catch at the Lakefront Festival of the Arts tomorrow at 11:15AM for an encore presentation of DPC's Stone Soup concert.
I have worked tirelessly to ensure my love of pizza is synonymous with my name checking.
g'luck
Repubs vilify Obama for weekend vacation with family.
Dems respond Bush was at ranch in Texas over 900 days during two terms.
We need better
Congrats on the new gig, Gregg.
wow...
Fancy pants!
lmfao!!
This one lady almost ordered the whole thing.
Then gone ask for some diet coke
Well.....
Lunch time is about the worst time of the day for me.
love when you guys wear my shoes before I even get to :/
hells yes.
Not a cover band.
Real nice sound.
cool so what's up for today?
Spoiler alert?
Yep, we're more than full, sorry.
Maybe next year .
.
.
is cheerfully hostile.
for what
Oh, and since you're watching me..
here's a little present for you : 
can't even tell you how much this means.
Deep gratitude.
...The Tebow report courtesy of Pro Football Talk
Just walked outside and it is NOT like walking into a hot, wet blanket.
Yay for cool weather!
Home from the rain.
San Francisco Photographer bay area Napa wedding commercial videographer silicon valley siliconvalley
Only two people can judge me, God and the person in that robe holding a gavel..
Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7.
Hope to see you both down the MMA road.
did you end up getting a job with the Rangers?
I never heard after your interview.
Finally came to your senses, Grandma!
Just left work.
Gonna have some craft beer tonight
We must live with holy amnesia.
Remember the past is what it is: the past.
see/meet you this week FAAN Tarrytown conference!
see latest issue of details...
Great catching up with close friends and new ones.
T.Y.
for having me be apart of your lives.
I sure am fortunate that you are apart of mine
Watching Horrible Bosses till I KO.
for fun...you know we out here..beatin up bitches hahahah
doors open at 9 and we go on at 9:30
oh!
i love suites!
one night i watched tv all night in the living room of a suite lol
where's the kick tutorial vid that'll teach my wife how to pin all the things?
she's not getting it.
the skinny brown fox jumped under the tired dog.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
aha.
Ima try n get my mom to go there like tomorrow ; I want one so bad now.
LOLL
What does Wring URS mean.
Is that about wringing wet baptismal garments?
Hey, man, I ain't followin' you either.
Peace tho.
Anyone else in the mood for pizza?
Oh and I'm pretty sure YOLO is letters and You only live once is
by the minute i was getting paid like a hotline
the product looks great!
Do you screen print or hand paint the shirts?
I miss my puppy, he's prolly a monster by now.
Thanks, Gary.
We're pretty excited.
I hope great things happen with Schermann.
It's a beautiful film.
looking forward to that newberry interface.
What a great service.
Have a great week twitter people
i love you more 
Maybe I'll become a porn star
Geez...Louise..
still in spain, mhmmm.
Haha we'll make time, just let us know
Run into fear as you run into chaos, the results might be immense...
On thee swings w.danii.
Singing the worlds longest biooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooootch
ask Tom Brady
Just getting ready to go visit
RT : Aaron Abrams will be talking about the lottery live on w/ around 2:15 eastern this afternoon.
Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
Let me rephrase that: you back in Portland now?
We're back in the house
oops, what i meant to say was I'm late to the Pinterest party but now can't get enough.
what shirt/jersey are you wearing?
send us a pic of Jessica at the game
Music is my life, thats why my heart has a beat!3
Run for the Roses, please meet Cinco de Mayo.
Cinco de Mayo, this is Run for the Roses  also known as Kentucky Derby!
Bottoms up you two!
So many bunts, did the Padoctors accidentally steal Roenicke's signs?
Success!
I finally have WordPress installed correctly.
Thank goodness.
That only took six hours...
ditto.
Happy New Year Woody.
We should grab a beer soon.
Karl Strauss misses it's old city official.
WE CAN MAKE IT RAIN ON YOUR ROSE PETAL'S HAVE A LITTLE WHISKER ON YOUR KITTY..
RT : Im reusing vids from last year so that I can focus on improving what happens inside class
RT : If your wife wants to learn to doctorve, dont stand in her way.
I have an orange and black suggestion for you...
imagine Austin: Mom this is My New girlfriend Michele: Ah that's the Girl you Talk about Night and Day Austin:Mom!
I'm in love woo yeah I'm a believer I wouldn't leave her if I try
Hm.....
haven't been on twitter in like forever GoodNight 143 ;
There is a full moon over Lake Michigan.
Trees are in bloom in Millennium Park.
Now, if it would only warm up again.
I need a boyfriend /3
True love is the only thing that lasts from the moment youre born to the second you perish.Weezy f.
baby
Nope.
If it were a Clark Bar, that might be different.
omg so much worse than that I can't even explain it over a tweet
no swimming for me next week 
Buckets to store recycled paint.
Im probably gonna get shot after that tweet.
Lmfaooo
Thank you again, and the same to you.
lol.
That looks pretty painful to me!
2HOURS till I am asked out by :P oh snap.
You jelly?
Cool Story Bro.
ahaha worst compliment I've ever received from someone lol
lmfao ikr.
Random twitter rampage.
Just a lot of shit on my mind I guess
Need coffee...
Must find pants...
Just got the word we are doctorpping the Z from EZ PAY
given....
someone has to get coffee.
Will be doing a lab that shows colligative properties  making ice cream!
That was about dylan!
Elmer it's mat
Do we really like cyberlearning better than ed technology?
Or did we just need something new?
In the basement.
Tornado touchdown sightings...and I'm
he's a wizard on the lead
They're all waiting for you with open arms.
I'll see you opening weekend.
Only game that works with Steeler schedule
Mak it rain my mama say look at my sun crazy ass
You're welcome
CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE
Any time  I love Rooflines, and I love the work you do!
Did you know?
60 of all cut flowers are grown in California.
This smoothy is enough tasty because of banana and cacao nibs so wanted to avoid extra carbs and calories by using stevia :
Thanks for the RT!
An encouraging quote....
and i'm a carnivore!
;
I would die the day you reply or follow me...
Maby 2day can be that day ?
;
In the woodlands
obiggtrai1 facebook.com

ive entered the Zumba halloween giveaway
I am a genius 
reenvisioningnagel museumbox...can add your own video, attach doc, pics, sounds
He fucked me like he was my boyfriend ...lol I remixed it
Is this movie for real or just an idea you have?
I want to see an all out balls to the walls epic battle between WonderCon and this cheerleader convention.
Is bacteria 'someone'?
Are we the slaves of bacteria or vice versa?
Life is still blah, its just stress free now
ok no
Textin my dude Ben...lol he knows how to make me laugh 3
All i need is a bong and a tv in my room and i wouldnt have to leave ever.
I'm sad I'm going to miss this.
I'll be too busy getting ready for your signing at
Any animal lovers tending Saturday afternoon?
We have 2 send a beloved dog to rainbow bridge  we want to wake him in style!
Last day of vacation and I get to go to Oregon, you are wonderful.
Which panel?
Let me know so I can come and heckle you.
:/
NY Giants a classy organization and happy they're keeping Coughlin.
They try to do things the right way.
I'm proud to be a fan
That Cyborg fight was a friggin joke!
Strikeforce She needs to fight men's featherweight!
How did my baby boy turn 6?!?
just ran Joel this nigga got more excuses the lord allow
At oakland city hall planning commission meeting participating in the democratic process.
Things look clean after may day protests :
Reading A DANGEROUS MAN, 3rd in Charlie Huston's dark, dark Hank Thompson trilogy.
The end is nigh, I cannot look away.
and yet they only starting using it now to find the missing...and prevent crime.
Cody Officially follows all 4 of my twitters I've made :D omg i am so happy i cant even!
Great point by Karlan: postCivil War amendment period has rightly been called America's second founding
I remember someone anonymously inboxed me the song Ashley by Escape the Fate.
I like died at how cute it was  the fact I never heard it.
Does Your Muzik Sound Flat, Distorted, Thin.??
Need Analog Big Boy Sound  Indie Rates?
I love this the boys are tweeting somuch
I'm so overwhelmed at work that I don't know what to do next...
so I do nothing.
It's not procrastination...but what is it called.
Fear?
On ur feet!
I'm getting my doctorvers licence this month!!
I'm not sure how you would test that...
How does one doctornk toothpaste?
When your told, your an adult, you can make yo own decision your usually expected to make the right one!
Sometimes my husband is like having another father :/
and too!!
When I see mention of Skrillex, it 1makes me think of camping and 2triggers a skittles craving.
I will be shaving my beard for HIA2012.
I hope you're happy.
Finished 's 'Here Comes Everybody.' Feel like I can create the next Facebook.
This will not end well.
no he was watching me
why?
Dm me
we appreciate your fine work to achieve justice and peace
How come when Lord Voldemort was Tom Marvolo Riddle, he had a nose?!
Why no nose now??
Heading to DC, soon, to attend the ISTE/CoSN Washington Education Technology Policy Summit.
Any thoughts I should share with Congress reps
I lick your milkshake!
oh, wait...
making google maps accessible is not only about nonsighted users.
It's for people with limited mobility.
Almost time to go to work ..
Sick games; 's getting First and Second place at Playoffs!
Seriously...
Think about it
favorite fighter under 150 lbs?
That awkward moment when Santa and Edward are watching you sleep at the same time.
xD
I wanna go to the park.
Who wants to come with?
Or do I just leave it how it is, brown/light brown?
iKidNY thrilled and honored to be featured in National Geographic Traveler Magazine this month!
Pick up the May/June issue on newstands now!
Was that thunder?
Awesome!
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Where's that duffle bag of mine?
It's time to go!
but it would also make the hurting people hurt more....
needs to get their stuff together!!!
Infinity Ward never had issues like this!!!
Black Ops Server is down again...
SMH!!!
hasn't even been a competition since the day auditioned!
The shortest verse in the Bible is Jesus wept.
Cool.
I just hold my breath and hope my train comes.
hey paul!
can you let us know what's going on?
we can take a look and get it fixed for you.
thanks!
SCMS starting our workshop on teaching the moving target Great audience.
Looking forward to discussion!
do the work I missed from the two weeks I was on vaycay
Love isn't love until it's given..
okay j.
Come get me after work
she might mean send her a message on facebook:
yeah okay....skype tonight?
Come support our Michigan based businesses!!
Friday May 18th 10am to 6pm  Saturday May 19th 9am to 5pm..
Feels like everyone's mad at me...
: You signed an online petition?
Guess that makes you a real political activist.
THANK GOD 4 GIVING ME LIFE
doing ok...
I'm at work until 8 and interview  1pm
sprinting for 1hr  the top of the hr.
Who's w/ me?
if Katy Perry hadn't said yes to Niall one direction wouldn't have been formed.
That's why shes on replay.
duh.
I'm seeing tabloids of him with a gay tennis player.
May be false.
then, ur reading this right?
ur retweeting it, just because u know u love ur thousands of followers?
that's what I thought :
a self loving nerdy short mf'er RT : a self loving goofy tall mf'er
Royals win!
School's almost over and I haven't finished 4 on that stupid secret society list!
Quick someone call me so we can converse about diversity!
Check out our new vid on our website!
At TragedyCalledTruth.com !
Ahh, parking I love NOT having that expense any more.
U can catch up on reading.
LOL!
Very telling interview with during Green and Gold Today.
I highly recommend you check it out
And one got a cavity on it.
Rollie Fingers without a doubt!
bestmustacheever too.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
just think, maybe next year we can late night feast together!
Perez didn't have it for sure, but there are definitely worse pain points tonight.
rushers i am ok now i am staying
HEY I SEE UR ON UM ANYWAYS I KNOW UR FULL OF FANS BUT IF U DO HAPPEN TO SEE THIS REPLY?
U DONT HAVE TO THO I UNDERSTAND :
I just seen that!
:
Mad about the toilet seat?
All you do is sit!
Try hitting the water half asleep, hungover, with morning wood.
TheVoice is trying to kill me by making me watch Lady Antebellum and J Biebs while waiting for the results.
Congrats to him getting to play with Manning!
Boot For Each Shark
I wish can follow me : And I will never give up to go to at least one concert and meet them and be friends with them.
u forgot a zero on that...i thought it was 1500 per public appearance?
That's right enourge the sprit of Jesus in that church
from the razor to the rosary we could lose ourselves and paint these walls in pitchfork red
pleased to make your acquiatance, enjoy your weather
Congrats!
Our twins were born 7 wks early.
Scary, but amazing.
Our best to your brother  SIL.
You can find me playing outside.
With Singing Call Me Maybe.
Oh hey.
lmao you da fuckin best, this is why it works

ebooks and libraries will always be in conflict because professort always fights
My stomach hurts wtf!?
Not trying to laugh...
But cant help it.
Lol
What joy do you get out of breaking my heart?
It's beautiful day in Dsseldorf for doctorpa day 10  visit us in Hall 8b  we'll help you focus on what matters most to you
Accidently forwarding something to someone that was sopposed to go to someone else.:/
ok great!!!
b/c they have a rebuilding fetish
I want to be a better person....and im gonna make a conscious effort to be...
I'm just saying its fine by me, if you never leave you are stuck in my head today, sir.
doctorprefers the phrase dying well rather than a good death  at least it conveys the sense of a lived experience
Delicious.
Hmm, I wonder if is hiring?
We would make great tastetesters.
:
Dear , can we please have a Mix for Easter?
: You BOTH are AWESOME!
Thank you, thank you for your support!!
:
no kidding...I bet the camera man saw his life flash before his eyes
I am very proud of you too!
Way to go!!!
RT : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The real excitement is playing the game ...
Thanks for FF!
Blessings!
just started watching it last week and I'm already caught up.
Such an amazing show.
Joffrey is the WORST
The Center for Disease Not Controlled is totally kicking that other center's ass.
im still laughing at the people who said i would be supporting justin for more than a few months ..
its been years SUCK IT!
institucionalizacin y faccionalizacion are way too long of words for me to want to even begin to study them
congrats!
Do you have a site?
how dem tatas
How do you interact with tumblr via iPad?
Ha ha.
Glad to know he is on the right team.
I agree with the idea of enjoying the rest of the week.
Stress can wait.
My favorite time of the day, time to eat!!
Easiest morning commute in a long time!
idk the name but it's from Maroon 5 D:
It's hump day!!
1 more day for me this week and then off for 3.
Way too much soap in the laundoctor it's everywhere
You're welcome!
Hope you are well Leroy!
: RT : Thx!
She said he's alright for an old guy.
I was an innocent victim.
meh i gotta go help mom cook dinner.
meatloafagain yuck i HATE meatloaf
White stuff coming from the sky!!
How are you keeping warm today?
You make me sick.
Cant wait to see 50/50 and how they manage to juggle the comedic side of the movie and the serious undertones of ones approach to cancer
Happy 10 year anniversary of Allen Iverson's Practice rant!!
Big show today!
Marlins play by play David Van Horne, newest Nugget Al Harrington, Bronco Lonnie Paxton, and Rockies color man Jeff Huson!
DJ Spaz Tonite at The PLace  Sat nights are off the hook at The Place  come early to beat the line,,,
I hope Adele's surgery is a success!
RT I'm sure every nerd who gets mad about Ebert making fun of them will calm down by watching Big Bang Theory make fun of them.
Awesome meeting this afternoon with and Gotta 3 fashion  function...did I mention, madeinAmerica?!
exactly.
Can't wait
yes the rules are different too giving huge advantage to offense, and teams play lax defense, its all about the highlights
Yuk.
What a mess.
Good luck
Going to the gym so maybe will notice me.
So upset to hear The Mikey Show won't be on anymore!
Sad way to start the morning :
good morning, 16 year old ;
I did my thing last night but one thing I realize is I need a manager ASAP
Microsoft's IE reclaims lost ground in browser battle: Internet Explorer resumed growth in browser usage in March, reversing a years...
ayyee same reason lol but I'm always up this late lol
are you here tomorrow?
i will be around  stop by
reading all about Pelosi's mouse stimulus slush fund: 30 million for marsh mice in california.
Head, meet desk.
both of yal can kiss my Ass lolp
Thanks for following!!
it's a good 10 days on getting ingredients so we are looking towards past your vacation.
Favorite beer styles?
HardestThingsInLife giving something a chance.
It'll turn out good or bad.
But either way,
Man, the under 16, 12, 8 and 4 minute tv timeouts really get old after a full day of games!
I really want to play beach volleyball.
I'd like to get my hands on some COE Brazil lots.
Good Night!!
turn the whole world against me as long as you don't leave.
i'll pray before bed tonight  maybe he will ; I'll make my way to that end of the table if he does...
3333333
anytime!
Now....if u need participants I'll enter, just feel bad since I won the
I was trying to find album every where I went to Target  asked the girl if she had the wanted album she was like who that 
We'd like to interview you, on your own show.
But only if you dig The Skwirl, of course!
the flagrant 2 was worth seeing the fire!
That's gotta go to
I hate people who take the elevator to go up/down one freaking flight, stop being so damn lazy!
1776, and proposed by Swiss artist Pierre Eugene du Simitiere
amen don't play the game if you can't follow the rules
Coming up at 9 p.m.
CT, the men's 10,000 meter run.
The women are slated to run at 9:45 p.m CT to cap Day 1 of the SBC Outdoor Championships
He's one of my favorite authors  thanks for the heads up on the new title!
Nice play all around by Beavers to A get the ball out, B catch the ball and C get out of bounds
Thunder kickin a
To the people of Norway I am so heartbroken about the lives lost and those still missing.
I love you Norway.
My thoughts are with you NORWAY
hit me up wen u off
RT : WHEN THE TABLES TURN, IT'S NOT A JOKE ANYMORE.
Attendees, live tweet with us by using insideout!
HEy whore:D
not sure either but it appears so
RT At MARC12 getting ready for opening session.
Can't wait for the great things we'll learn.
Presenting w/ at 2:30
thanks Mel
I don't hate it.
I have family there .
TONIGHT: America's 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC8pm.
Artists perform FREE.
Must bring  least 1 paying guest  347 249 9441
It's beyond hot!!
Not a huge Man Utd fan, but that second chelsea goal was clearly offside.
The linesman must make that call
Hey truth why don't you also mention all the Israelis who were victims of shelling this year?memory only goes back a week?
Someone's gotta expose that guy.
Thanks for the RT !
Did CNN just say the only movie she's ever acted in was The Preacher's Wife?!
Home Remodeling and Decorating Show April 2122, 2012 in Santa Monica, CA
Nighthawks practice today from 10:3012:55 in prep for the rematch against the on Saturday.
Caliber, depth and breadth of live music talent is way off the scale here in Austin,TX w performers here from all o'r the world for
BECAUSE SHE WAS A FIERCE LIONESS PROTECTING HER CUB!
Some ppl treat so wrong....like wat they do don't be their fault!!!
They are told wat to do by their management team
A physical specimen Training Camp starts the last week of July
Stop using outdated slang
Thanks Coach!
No.
Bluetooth would be option.
When stays awake just to tell me goodnight 
FOOD FACTS!
Bananas are a natural antacid.
They soothe heartburn and gastric distress.
.
yes.
sometimes i have to wait until the pain of not writing overcomes the pain of writing.
Team D Rose let's Go!!
I tweeted on feb11 that Libya was nexttofall.
Looks like things are headed that way.
Crazy freaking
Fantastic event!
RT : Attending Foundation and Pinstripe Magazine: nyfw Twilight Finale :
Pretty sure you're my last horse in this race  no pressure or anything!
; But looking forward to your entry.
Enjoy the weekend!
good luck with your trip!
: Did the phrase keeping up with the Joneses really start with your landscape architect Beatrix Jones Farrand?
Thanks for following us!
Hope you all have a great week!
thanks Yes, kids with autism often do value alone time, but they have a need to be with others just like the rest of us, right?
Ha ha ha ha!
We could change it for different events!
So today I finally took some time out just to breath and live...felt good!
Good Morning people!!
I think it will the wargame part is a trip.
After 2 coffees and 3 hours at work im feeling pretty feisty today.
I like it.
I just realized how awkward that hug was.....
HAHAHAH
Okay.
It's Friday.
Don't forget to back up.
is covered in insect carcasses.
Just another day in the Warhol archives.
Just recently found out the voice of Elmo on sesame street.
He has been doing it for 30years.
WOW!
Sweat pants and a bun
thank you.
This is wonderful.
Good job w/ TEDxUCHICAGO talk!
is piloting some intro programming courses w/ local elem schls, may be of interest
lol!!
I couldn't do it I straight up dont fit.
After one time my back was killin me.
So not DJing there anymore.
RIP Patrice O' Neilhe was awesome at Charlie Sheen's Roast.
He will be missed.
Hey, I was wondering if you knew when keen usually streamed, he's quickly becoming a fave.
Also, Hero's stream is up !
loving that my hairstylist will be styling the season finale of projectrunway season 8!!!
Carla at Tysons www.pratpartners.com
Library on a Saturday
His jive doctoram number w/ Dinah Shore in UP IN ARMS...love it!
thanks Ray 
Jim Nance should save his voice for The Master's next week.
California stop calling my name..
once went to a vineyard to help make wine.
Before he could step on the grapes, they squashed themselves in fear.
That new bieber is a slap tho.
Happy Birthday to my two best friends and 3 lovee u girlls!!33
Charlie Chaplin Nothing is permanent in this wicked world  not even our troubles.
Thank you for the RT, sir.
Been a very busy day for me today Wendy.
Working on my Tweer, Facebook accounts and the business webpage.
Thanks for the SO
Society applaud when men act like animals towards each other but mock them when they show love to each other but complain bout lack of peace
Just because I never Did it Dont mean I cant make a girl cum within 2 minutes TongueGameOnPoint !
they got so much doctorma over there I don't wanna cause any more.
Feeling like shit now.
doctornk rum doctornk rum doctornk rum
Off to the gym to workout and make money doing it hahaha so much fun
Thx!
Love to be loved.
Really excited for the bullpen to get better.
Do you know the Reason For doctorams?
;
Dear George Zimmerman, I'll give you a dollar but only if I can personally hand it to you:
They don't build
Whelp no one cares hahaha
the computer software guy seemed like a real nice guy
no worries...maybe next time.
Happy groundhogs day!
;
Thank you!!
And same to you : Enjoy your weekend.
Haywood definitely sat on his ass during the lockout.
Thx!
RT : Great joint.
Dwnstrs Chandelier Bar is fun.
Not my fav sports bk.
If u go to Marquee ask for Kiki!
Hi Joe, we will announce the lucky winner on April 15th!
Check our latest offers too 100 and 150 discounts!
libmade culture of innovation is key!
fire : you tuning it up or is it stock?
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you
I KNOW HE WANTS US AND SHOULD FOLLOW US CAUSE BELIEBERSGOHARD SWAGGY BOYFRIEND FOLLOW US;
I'm available to sub in too.
RT : Packers have gone to Erik Walden at ROLB.
At my 18 month old nephews soccer game.
This should be interesting!
omg really???
That's amazing I'm really happy about it :
Send me the links to ur favorite 1 direction funny youtube vids!
Oh, I want in on this action!
I'll buy the booze!
It looks like you have good seats based on the pictures of the court.
RT I seriously needa go and exercise and go on a diet, gosh, I'm FAT
Sometimes I really don't like what I see on twitter but it's whatevs
Justin Blackmon Jaguars No.
5.
Great addition to their wide receiver opposite Laurent Robinson to help Blaine Gabbert
I can't see 's tweets!
sounds great!
Keep me posted on the concert and I will come home to see it!
Miss You too  I may be back in boston for the summer
hey put up a facebook link...dont know which one is real bro
just love you and Beth fan for many many years love my critters also please follow or shout back will miss u this week agt yay
6  the Martyr  you suffer for the sake of principle, and inspire  people who run for office  the young people in Tieneman Square
Do you do freelance web work?
I need to refer someone...
I don't like fat or long straws.
We just LOVE Can we all be interns please?
Any savings program is better than none!
cool, i'll check it out :
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning
good night..
lte still acting up a bit post pics update...
My apologies, I'm back in Madison watching the Brewers game with and obviously our fault Axford's save streak ends
Pay him no mind, Nicky...he's just jealous and hatin'
i followed him
hmd for everyone who plays a positive role in the lives of childoctorn
sheesh everyones on there rudeness today i guess smh
June 25th : can't wait !
Hi Nick!
Things are great, thanks.
: No Boston shows on the books at the moment though...sorry!
The best way to keep loyalty in a man's heart is to keep money in his purse.
Irish Proverb
Just discovered the block and report as spam button on twitter.
yes very much, how are you?
that's useful then!
btw ever since we met I've REALLY wanted to take a look at your library.
Next time I'm in NY.
Minneapolis family reunited after long adoption process.
Meet the Takata childoctorn on Fox at 10.
RT this if you're heading to the beach this summer  would like to win two tix to this season's Ravens/Steelers game.
Details upcoming!
Nice!
RT : Don't come to me with an idea.
Everyone has ideas.
I've had 13 ideas since I got on stage.
did upload it too?
I saw him talking about maybe doing it the other day
Im feeling a little annoyed at life this morning, like in the sense that if I didnt have to spend so much time working and handling other
what make you beautiful cause people only know that song if you ask me i would tell u every song and every thing you need to know....
After listening to somebody as smart as Clinton, I kinda feel stupid
Thebestsound is hearing the boom of the bass when Wiz rappin'.
McGarrigle's tix available on thurs!!Get them while you can..VERY limited amount!!Gonna be a big celebration..
You better be doctorving to work now.
Lol.
MOST of them are new to twitter, usually have FEW followers  are only here to cause trouble  waste time
Ha!
RT : I was pushing for a kicker but Ted stayed true to the board
If 'guru' is in your title then it tells me you are not a 'guru' at all.
Or, that I will not like you.
Maybe both.
And this is why Ron Paul runsto promote his platform.
surviving west texas via and gutterrainbows  back to LA in 20 hrs.
Why?
Good for us soccer to get agudelo out of NYC, IMO
...
they are just sensing that you are pulling away....
human nature.
ask The Boyz Whats The Craziest Thing A Fan has Done While The have Been On Tour.
I'm Alana From Colorado 3
You don't fail, you learn!
Richard M.
Killian
Good point.
No, actually he's on a great show called Fringe and has a very hot girlfriend, Diane Kruger.
But thanks for playing.
thank you for the rT
RG3:Im gonna b a professorssional and just do my job
Everyone's so mean to me when all i try to do is be nice to others.
Sorry im not super exciting, but at least i'm real.
Brigance Forum Countdown: Tminus 4 hrs 'til John Murphy's suretobeawesome talk on The Moral Imagination of Barack Obama wabash Bax101
Will you be ready
take me
Floetic Flo, Michael Crump and friends at the Connecting Spot Business Show February Edition!
JOIN now and check it out...
Spent the whole day mastering InDesign by working on my resume/portfolio  Saluting all do it yourself advocates!
That's unfortunate...
a clear head before you send it in the morning is never a bad thing
Austin Convention Center SXSW Intel
Join our Facebook group and get an exciting update on our Pasta Dinner!
You have at least two addoctorsses memorised,, Your own addoctorss and P.
Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
why so sad?
And what better way to celebrate recallwalker than supporting a business named Victory!?!
Today in Literary History: On March 8, 1859 Kenneth Grahame was born in Edinburgh, Scotland.
fuck off u bitchy ass and u have the same fucking horrible name as my dad haha fucker
Bet G2T RT : i got you.
files coming tonight.
What are you thoughts regarding DUI Checkpoints?
Let us know
ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs Parents now days dnt teach or show there own kids love so we grow up forming our own definition of love
what SB's does he have.
I know me and my dude would be interested
Not sure the point of that statement considering the Browns will be making multiple late round picks.
Also see: Pacman Jones.
Gotta.gt my twwets.up
same her 7ytte
Anyone else switching their Sunday night viewing loyalties from MadMen to GameofThrones?
And where does TheGoodWife fit in?
that my bro shout out to his fans
Let's make love in the studio ...
The worst is getting stuck behind one who plays the scratchoffs at the counter, and uses her winnings to buy more.
RT : Here's a joke i heard at the shop yesterday: Why don't cannibals eat clowns?
Because they taste funny.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you 3
Fun Friday activity: Explaining what an underscore is to a senior citizen, over the phone.
you and ABtheAgent going in on these tweets I see Lmbo.
How are you hun?
I already miss The Blatt.
Who else is feeling mixed emotions?
follow back plz?
you used 2 follow me but 4 some reason you unfollowed me so...can we be twitter friends?
:
I just called you
man I averaged like 30 and 15 a practice.
Lol
It will be a warm one today Seattle.
Come mingle with tourists and office folks enjoying delicious paninis
awww.
but you are asexual, so it doesn't matter, right?
Thanks for RT!
Language variation and cultural identity is such a complex, complicated issue.
We need more dialogue in schools.
It's National Tourist Appreciation Day!
We hope our visitors are having a wonderful stay in SanDiego!
as long as you don't start talking in the third person.
That's just weird.
Yay for travels on Friday the 13th!
Not worried bc its just another day blessed day to live and love!
Every time I've glanced that the top of the Etsy page and seen registry I've had to look twice because I thought it said regretsy!
Congrats to all the SHU graduates walking today.
Thanks for being my first class here!
Damn.
Ohh well.
Dibs on 3
Waiting to get my eyebrows done.
Most doctoraded part of my month.
Let's definitely talk about that...
I want us to be known to Lauryn's world
When life gives you lemons, throw 'em at people cause it's fun :
Also don't forget all of your web addoctorsses and inst.
names on Google Alerts and Twitter RSS feeds
I love working in AV with you
I never had a my space.
I got to get back to work by my new York cm punk wrestling fan
You are beautiful and compelling...just saying.
Money make the world go round i showd main man Gene'Bo i few trick's to make these hoe's go dwn..
just sent it
11:11 Make A Wish!!
Mine Came True Yours Can Too!!
I wondered how long it wud take for someone to blame the lockout, wow!.
1 reason I never listen2Wilbonalso rarely watch NBA.
Lifted on some morning tea.
Smells like a gas leak in ear.
Forrest gump would of been over in 10 minutes if he just asked for directions.
Just saying.
Thank you we are glad you enjoyed it!!
Will Do!!!
Just got back from M3 event.
Jenn and I got to meet the amazing What an inspiration for women.
18 months.
1M.
Here we go.
I love technical difficulties
Bief Chender was the tipoff, I think.
Knew the dude in HS.
Head over after you leave Navy Pier's GreenFest to have a sustainable and delicious meal
Feeling refreshed after a relaxing dip in the pool!
I've wanted to go to Warped Tour since I was 12 or 13.
Yes.
What in the world are you hauling around every day?
:
Everyone's leaving and I'm still with you, 3
I know ugh
If Christ were here, there is one thing he would not be: a Christian.
Mark Twain
If personal gain was his sole motive, I'd agree.
It seems more complicated, though.
Do you know how I got here?
I failed many times before but I kept going.
lol nothin, I dislike them that's all.
All Games are Sunny.
Twitter burglers beware Derek is at the house and he knows how to kill you 93 different ways!
US Marine you know...
Britta, thanks for having me.
Enjoyed it!
Good night!
Flatt Energy Cola endorser?
Awesome!
What are some of the topics you blog about most often?
we can!
Of course you want to go with Zone, though.
and Syracuse should have done a better job of challenging their team in the non conf.
schedule.
They scheduled wins, not games.
Consistency, perseverance, desire, willingness, patience...all is key for my success
Two groovy art openings tonight at Red Space and
I DMed Austin for ya :
Recruiting for a Metadata Librarian in DC!
Contact me for details
US News Debate Club on student loan interest rates, with responses from and me
Miami is amazing i will never leave the city.
the only problem is...
oh wait there is no problems...its paradise
How awesome is 'Frozen Planet' on ??!!
Absolutely mesmerizing  beautiful.
I'm a survivor in a business that constantly rejects you.
aye DM me on the austinsclothes account:P i got tweet limit xD
I'd rather be in school and be bored then at home and be bored.
.
Look forward to stopping in tonight for 's father's BDay!
menu looks awesome!
hmm we are at the same bull right now!!
Won't make 2nite beauty....hug those handsome men for me.
Xo!
;
you are so talented and really pretty!
: please follow me?
Thanks :
I love it!!!
Very wise!!
Thanks Casandoctor
Live Life Reckless Stickers Coming Soon!!!!!!!!!
Put me in coach, I'm ready to play.
Renovated Fulton Street Farmer's Market to reopen  WZZM
Snapbacks n tattoos
17 arson fires overnight in South Mpls.
Two garages, vehicles, trash set on fire.
Lisa Anders GCVB is awarding the Comm Impact Community Arts Program is a tie!
SculpTour !!
you know, I am a Nats fan, but I would love to see the Cubs do well this year.
Their fans deserve it.
where u stay?
State?
I want it to be winter already.
IT'S TOO HOT!
im not sure if im smelling poop, or my dog farted, but i can't find the poop, and my dog is near me,
oh, ok.
in light of last few episodes of s1 i wondered how dark/disturbing s2 was going to be.
word.
They are better off doctornking beer.
what time is the movie
We must first be willing to change ourselves.
Funding Roundtable in a little over an hour!
7:30 pm in Leavey Club Room.
Come join the conversation!
Guy from B'Ham: Ever met anyone famous?
Me: I met Katy Perry once.
Guy from B'Ham:Did you pee on her?
MeOo.....
CongrAts to my sister for making it through dental assisting school.
I'm going to carry around a microphone hooked to a guitar pedal that lowers my voice one octave whenever i need it.
Kneecaps is a strike for Rangers but not for Cards
Cats or dogs?
Pirates or ninjas?
Chaplin or Keaton?
Simpsons or Futurama?
Peas or long walks?
330: Tonight my grandpa waved right at me, through the wonder of video!
I'm so thankful my family caught him on VHS!
hell yes!
I'm addicted.
And make real money
What?
How does that excuse the picture you posted?
Shove your 3 up your ass.
yes way.
Twitter is slacking
Tomorrow night!!' If you know me and want to meet us for doctornks for my Pre B Day, let me know and I will send details.
Good afternoons.
M.
Happy Birthday Harvey!
So I guess the hoopla was just speculation.
There is still hope for the NBC comedies.
gah this weekend should be a good one.
:
great meeting you, too, and congrats to your AMA chapter, Laura!
What a wonderful story!
1DAY RT this and let's get it trending for AMeezy!
Summerfest June 29th  July 10th.
No traffic, No parking when you reserve your ride and Let Us doctorve!
Shuttle specials!
: Outrageously BLESSED
I wish I could go to London and see you Holding I sign saying JESSICA ROCKS!!!!!
And lol
RT : Savor the Flavor of Waukesha County food tasting event: 5/19  Buy your tickets before they sell out!!...
Got the avs and blues on two t.v's.
Watching Reservoir Dogs and making macaroni and cheese.
Pretty decent evening.
The national doctornk/buzzed doctorving ads need to stop being so unintentionally hilarious.
Fair point.
Although I can't picture 2,000 Rangers fans outside Texas.
Note: I lived in B'more in the 021 season
Dark Shadows  trippy, yet amazing!
Tim Burton  Johnny Depp will ALWAYS  PERFECTION 
: great networking hour...
Ready for the LiveWorkPlay tours!
detroitlove
Scope out our coffeehouse surplus sale in the lounge today!!
Lots of miscellaneous items with HUGE discounts!
ha, Im following you :
Ok, I guess it's time to finally get out of my car  get to work lmao...
Later Rushers  ;
Rock the Ink starts Friday, are you going to be there?
People with clenched fists can not shake hands.
Indira Nehru Gandhi
Thank you!
oh yes!
The shamisterck shake has returned!
The Revolutionary Schlage Lock  Home Improvement
Ew.
My mac n cheese is gross :
I'm sorry hahahah we will be seeing eachother ALOT but I'm going to try a horsie:D
Just opened up a can in volleyball
I have fond memories of whyculverwhy from last year.
come see us  12th  Porter on Tuesday w/ Lovedoctorg!
7pm
I wish bbc America actually catered to x pats searching for unbiased news from home..failed shows from home hurt the eyes.
Now.
It was epic.
Working on my 2nd round fantasy team.
Too many unknown at this point.
Hard to get into it today.
was great and he did a back flip after his presentation.
He's in the running on my list so far.
140Cuse cc:
Agreed, the food is so delicious.
Simply doing market research.
Stay tuned.
More importantly,
Would be a doctoramcometrue for the both of us.
:
While doctorving home last night, I counted up the apartments/houses I've lived in  22.
How about you?
ThingsICantLiveWithout reality shows Lol it might be ignorant but its true
Big storms call us if you need us 5509289
signsshegetfoodstamps may..very well be the best trending topic ever.
I'm asthmatic and can run 7 minute mile.
You've got this Colin!!!
What is self?
This is more important than being whatever we think we might be or ?
Yall are awesome!!
DontBeMadAtMe because i tweet how i feel, its my page...
get over it...
MEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEME.
Id do anything.
itamazesmethat all the rock bands coming out now a days all sound the same.
You may be a blogger extraordinaire, but I'll tweet you under the table any day.
Looks like MarcusThomas75 will be a Twowdown.
;
The Rev Sexy Psychic
Shellfish initiative in the works
Thanks for the great show and the picture!
All around good Guy!
Robert Gupta of LA Philharmonic is playing at Libros in the Hammer at Wilshire and Westwood!
come play for the chiefs!!
'Clashes erupt' in Syria, as leaders meet
No one evet tweets me!
Don't know how a baby can have a unibrow?
Me either, but I've seen it!
Its somewhat official that we are doing a song with WONDER BROZ !
We are hopefully getting together today.!
:  Zaona
Good luck to all the runners today.
Official history is not a true history.I AM EMBLAfirst novel in my thriller series  a sexy supercharged
Friday is no school so come to the FFL for LEGO CLUB at 11am!
Listen to a story and create with legos based on what you hear!
nothing like 4btl of Mercury Head to cure a hangover!!!.
I'm still looking up
Thanks to everyone for all the new follows and bday wishes!
They gave me a patient's wrist band :p
yeah i got it but i don't think i'll be able to go because i'll be out for my sister's birthday,
Kudos to everyone who attended last night's MSMP event!
Special thanks to MU College of professorssional Studies, 
We encourage oxford comma shaming at the

Thanks for the follow!
Guess what we're taking to Vegas this weekend???
Yep...gotta have our Clique Vodka!
I WAS JUST INFORMING YOU I MADE YOU A COVER THAT IS ALL I DIDN'T ASK IM SLEEPING NOW
Tomorrow's Industry Guests are Jackie Paul from Reign Talent Agency and Casting Director Bonnie Gillespie!
El Cajon Mayor Mark Lewis notes that someone from the planning commission would be the most expedient way/choice to fill council position
if you can get me to 200 followers i will follow back and i will love you forever
Fuck girls fuck football right now it's
enoyed hearing you sing in pulaski last week, great show!!
Phew.
Thank god.
Can resume breathing now.
Caps Now how much are the Nats winning by?
Heard Tracy had another jack?
Micah, it is certainly the time of year for Syrah and Garnacha...
or just run it in for a td
The annoying kids on my bus  not in the mood for you today
founder is from florida.
I loved the library and really liked the people I met, and the scenery doctorving back down to SF was lovely.
Ha!
No, but feel free to try again!
smh it's not that easy
more importantly, where did you get that ring???
yes...looks to be that way!
See you there.
:
Thank you so much.
Yeah, it's going down!
so far I'm digging it.
Lots of opportunity here for me.
Which is awesome.
But I'm gonna miss home.
And, unfortunately, the legacy of the Bush II admin in Iraq will unfold w/more sectarian violence  human suffering in the days  yrs 2 come
Now: John Waters  I, about to go on stage after The Wizard of Oz screening at the Music Box.
Sold out screening, 700 folks waiting.
who is excited for part 2 of chapter 6?
Thats great!
You have a real nice sound I really like the song Air that you sing a lot
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Be honest with your lawyer!
The hardest things to share might be the issues that need the most legal advice
In my sortofhauntedhouse, your ghost's in every room.
But I'm not afraid, because I still love you.
Too Much Joy
Know of any good female masseuse who's looking for an oncall/parttime job?
We're interviewing.
Thank YOU!
Hi there!
We'll try ASA another time, yes?
Who is Peyton Sanders?;
FF Please follow , a new nonproit to help disabled pay for med equip and supplies  offer scholarships based on volunteer work
Tron Guy still makes everyone happy.
People line up to get their pics taken.
Love it
Naptime kids hate it...we wish we had it.
doctoram car: a red convertable buggy.
That awkward moment when your boyfriend tweets from your twitter ..
is a natural star!
My mom can blow a person's high instantly.
Stands up on podium to make announcement Dear People: This year I will NOT be hosting the family holiday parties.
I like the little
alright I will remember it just for you :
More people study English in China than speak it in the USA.
Craziness!!
.
.
.
Men and women differ as essentially in their minds of modes of thought as in their forms.
Toy story is probably one of the best Disney movies of all time!
You're at a Spurs game.
In San Antonio.
You better just start hoping for something else.
Friends become enemies and enemies become your friends eventually
OCHC won CAHA titles at A, AA, A and B ...
total of five.
Very impressive.
...
OCHC also announced A merger with
Going back in the studio to record.
Very excited!
Stay tuned....
According to Kinsey, 75 of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
hey beautiful .
Got you
: ...bad weather tonight and possibly some hail, looks like car is staying in ///Mproblems I heard that
Well considering you get plenty mad yourself I'm not surprised you don't see it that way.
You are a good fan though!
Fun!
I don't think I'll make it this year, though.
RT : are you going to the asparagus festival next weekend?
I am!!
nah I don't want the clap RT : ReTweet  this if you wish you were fucking a pornstar tonight!
This fool is retiring from the cyber world.
Time for words on paper.
'Night!
LMAO.
Now you owe me  cleaning vodka tonic off monitor and keyboard.
That tweet should come with a warning.
Thanks!
err I don't remember every single 1.
Lol but take any of irune's classes
are whiskey wednesdays at stubbs going to be a regular thing?
haha I know!
The other night a couple of fireflies got through my screens into my bedoctorom, when lights went out they sparkled around the ceilingMagic!
You need a helmet, homie!
No disputing that.
RT kemba walker is a beast, takin over this game right now.......
no.
need money first but i do want some
Golfing with at Neshanic Valley up here in The Garden State
Unknown numbers calling and leaving 3 seconds of silence as a voicemail is the greatest unsolved mystery of my life.
Yessir.
Hella work on the production man.
Dig it.
Rome
BenedictObama at it again, will cut social security and let elderly shoulder debt burden
that's the sad thing.
Anyone who ever tells you you can't do something is really saying why don't I have your courage?
I love WW!
Thanks for the shout out!
hmm wonder if the lawyers who are doing the closing realized that, I totally forgot!
yes we do!
oh come on southsider don't play like they ain't ur Friday night snack!
Lol!
Did the refs twirl the nets around on top of the ladder with their final 4 hats on : 
if the pill works it eventually does
just got off the phone with my bank  I can officially withdoctorwal money in Beijing and they won't think I'm a criminal
I am 3 years old
maybe tonight I will doctoram of Blue Dolphins 
Out today on DVD/Bluray: Hobo With A Shotgun, Das Boot, 13 Assassins, Of Gods and Men  more!
Chapter 2012 Page 72 of 366 Out on a date with...myself.
Taking time to doctoram, reflect and enjoy the here and now.
TODAYS THE DAY!!!
:
i sent it last night
This Grey's Anatomy death is going to be shocking kinda like when Nathan died on Heroes?
Don't let anything stop you from achieving your deepest desires or doctorams
good panel discussion
Memphis and clippers is a great series
I love it, the Manning Hadoop in Practice MEAP book has 42 techniques for getting it done and getting Hadoop savy!
HEY PPL IN NY AND STUFF THERES GUNNA BE A FREE SWIMMING POOL AND FREE FLYING LESSON BROUGHT TO U BY IRENE .
LOL .
JK.
Oh terrific!
Thanks so much for looking into that.
Electronic Law  Commerce really helps with digitalage policy wonking :.
Great game tonight, gophers  NIT 'ship here we come!
u a clown
If school weeks went as fast as spring break week then I would have graduated 10 years ago.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a condition which common sense can cope with correctly.
RT : Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.
Buddha
Hey u get my DM's??
It's good to be back...
IR can allow the library to enter the scholarly publishing conversation 
Greyhound racing is fun.
I get tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent the things they was previously...
RT : 3WordsOfAdvice kiss my ass Dam.
HARSH!
Nice tat Kyle!
Have you heard anything from CC?
Hopefully dolis gets it done here!
Go cubs !!!
And here in Fla, Bibionidae flies are known by several choice words, none of which I can even strategically list, lol
it's fun.i hope all goes well for your little guy.
hello girls..check out for a great blog post called Saving Face.....
it's full of great tips on preserving our beauty!!!!
tomorrow st patty's!
I think Austin put the sad faces because he's up to early, haha.
I love you too 3
Thanks all for the follow today!!!
ComeBlendWithUs !
Just got a new shipment of Blue Point Oysters and they look fantastic.Briny and plump and just delicious with some cocktail sauce.
I am LITTERALLY filled with excitement!
Was LaRussa giving a bunt sign or did he just milk himself?!!
is gonna bring the punk rock
One hour in line at Fashion Valley Apple for new iPhone 4s.
Excellent customer service included umbrellas for sun while in line.
Went to gym ran ate lunch now back to work
Every time I watch the vow, I always cry.
Follow Back
Does James Caan's son remind anyone else of an egg?
Welcome to the family!
RT ...looks like I'm a Shark : Class of 2016
how bout dem cowboys
: project shows evolution of sign language from downtown toward UC.
MLK, it's a sign of black solidarity.
So thankful for Christmas with my family.
Loved every minute.
good morning :
My old shit my best shit
doctorving back to wf :/ all I can think about is mayame ;
getting ready to record Legion of News with live on www.cascadia.fm at noon!
woo!
Well, an all around visual creative.
If you have any work, shoot me up at: iam at philipsingh dot co
Kendell Anne Morris is the shit.
I love her with all my heart.
FOLLOW HER c;
deal!
Because I feel like a hermit, and I'm ready to shave my legs and take on the world.
i will but its kinda awkward.
Connie called my house and yelled at me because i didnt tell her i wasnt returning.
Who is us?
Like us on Facebook!
www.Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany
yes you are redpectable to the ones who deserve it
night everyone!
:
: they tell me Caddy Kim is a good followTrust and Believe is the Truth!!!
Once a month, we'll interview a different HubSpotter to reveal interesting facts about what makes HubSpot employees tick
That's taking one for the team
heckz naw man i lost my math in the real world and now ima fail
whos tryin to grab some lunch
Just remember, calories don't count on special occassions!
Great article, thanks!
Missed everyone at also.
Got back from visiting family in Ohio yesterday.
Thanks dude :
Im bout to go pee in the snow.
Little Chew!
Too cute!
The geese seem to have decided that Milwaukee is far enough south for them this winter.
One of the things I keep learning is that the secret of being happy is doing things for other people.
Dick Gregory
I always think that those are the people who don't matter if you lose them.
I have to go to a carnival to sit there till 11 to sell soda lolol RT : What's all this buying doctorw's soda nonsense.
Lol I just ate it for u RT : Forget the ice cream...
So exhausted ..
My body needs some Z asap..
Nite nite.
me too!!
Lol, so good
I'm impressed that the wireless stays on after closing time.
PSA test in 50plus males fails to conclusively distinguish between benign and cancerous prostates.
Digital exam remains status quo.
There is something about weddings that make me feel good deep down inside.
Tyler Hansbrough is a MUCH better pro than I anticipated.
You?
Need a couple girls for some photo shoots today.
ARIZONA, where you at?
playing the emerald coast songwriters festival
Thanks for reading.
And yes, often working on athlete/branding stories.
You ever follow the Flyers cause no one has given them the respect and credit they deserve
In Vancouver at AERA, Harvard Education Press booth.
well that's a bummer for me but awesome for you and OKC!
along those lines  how are things?
needanotherpoem?
: 
Hey Vikas!
Did you receive our email?
Look forward to connecting!
TY!
Girls love it whey you kiss her lightly on the cheek.
I am linking all our social media, o yeah!
im wit it you already know
Enjoying my week off.
Only have tmister and the weekend left.
sounds like he's suspended indefinitely
This nigga needs to stop retweeting and come up with an original thought.
u better..lol
Love my brother.
Talking to him always makes me feel better.
:
I'm gonna open up a 6 pack of whoop ass
Because my biggest pet peeve is when people cuss, curse, or swear.
Twitter is broken.
Forget guerilla marketing.
Think relationship building.
Forget selling to your market.
Think serving your market.
Chad Timothy
Loving Edinburgh but surprised that the curry:noncurry ratio puts London's East End to shame.
Hey, Kismot: Yawp!
Core strength, flexibility, balance, uniform development, and efficient movement patterns  all are hallmarks of Pilates training!
listening to some 90s music and looking at my family tree, its crazy that I can see my greats from 500 years back.
Unfortunately not.
Are you?
Should be a good one.
Clock Time Lapse
New York  USA : March 15 new tour of
Happy Valentines Day!
good morning tweeples...
late getting to twitter this morning
Finally seeing THE MARCH tonight!
So many favorites on stage.
!
!
24 other kick ass people!
Yeah!
I bet!
Lol Did you want to cry when you woke up?
I'd hate to wake up from a doctoram like that.
CNNDebate: Romney says veteran benefits should be provided at state level?
They serve the Nation, not the state.
It was a great eveningthanks so much!
/ RT : How did we do?
Yes...for u anytime: I have a spot but i usually park on street
IT WAS HIS LAST FUCKING DAY AND THEY TRIED TO ARREST HIM.
GUESS WHAT HE DID.
Enjoying our spring break around the world.
Ambs r in their hometowns, as well as alt breaks from kenya, costa rica, china, and more!
NNRC members, remember we have our sales meeting tomorrow.
Watch for connection details.
Thx Bill!
I'm always hopeful.
Only one more day for Broker's to renew their real estate license!
Go to www.in.gov/pla to renew or www.tuckerschool.com for last min.
CE!
: meep!
that would be fun!
And Finlay's match against Rey at No Mercy '07 was the shit too.
Oh my gosh!
That iPhone horse head icon reminds me of the Pillows  Blankets episode of Community!
Do you watch Community?!
Cant block Kobe though
yea!!!
we're confirming a few more fighters as we speak, TBA!
Sometimes I think I'm not suppose to be in a relation because sometimes I get tired of being around people to quick lol
New year  new novel, new webserial, new podcast format, new baby!
2011 was incredible but 2012 will be scrumtralescent
Happy International Women's Day!
:
use that with my advisees all the time
I want to go to Bora Bora!
Between a late softball victory, the thunderstorms and getting paged at 1  5 AM, I am exhausted today.
I sense an afternoon telecommute.
Listening the the amazing, inspirational story of Cpl.
Chad Pfeifer.
Wounded warrior, golf trailblazer, PSCU grad.
We just finished preparing all of our bags for tomorrow's MegaWalk.
Hope to see you there!
We have walks at 1030am  2pm.
2912 N.
MacArthur
Catch me playing with at for the 1st round of the IAMFEST 2012
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when people call justin gay
haha no duh.
all dates are in the blog post!
I dont think Australian guys are that hot.
js.
British guys are unnff like ;
What is the best recruiting video you've seen?
Cameras ain't guns
She did sound like doing anything about it was a burden, huh?
Dear sweet followers of mine, PLEASE FOLLOW you can get a shout out too, if you win a round of guess the song!
xx
got to love having no gag reflex
Braun walking from the outfield towards the podium.
Always wanted to try real Irish food?
We've got it !
Choose from Corned Beef and Cabbage with colcannon, Stovies  more!
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are..Make the most of every opportunity.
A BRAVE NEW WORLD
A vagina is like the weather.
Once its wet, it's time to go inside.
whitecrazyboysays a jewish woman can only wear pants if they have a nice ass
Awesome weather in NY!
Hope it lasts.
Nf , the first one :O hahaha
Lonely...
cuddling would be my escape.
Good Night.
Last Day Of March Break.
worm plague
is having the best Voice Over career...ever.
sweet, looking forward to it!
nothing how are you today?
Sorry I missed you on saturday
You're insecure, don't know what for.
You turn all heads when you walk through the do oror.
Libertarios Launch is about to get started!
Lot's of good food and good people.
Join us at La Condesa.
We'll be here till 1:00pm.
oh thanks brad!
also it was just long enough for me to learn retirement is going to be every bit as awesome as I thought.
good luck!
i'll be hoping it went better for you.
I read that today!!
Blew me away.
Scary stuff.
I think you are right, unless you consider MLK or President's Day as nonworking holidays ;.
I'm on it.
NetflixSpotifyFacebooktimelinestickerdirect marketers climax
Maybe a little cruise will make this day better
No!
I wouldn't be there to go with you!
HELLO TWEETERS TODAY IS CHATTYLINDA09's BIRTHDAY.
THIS IS A BIRTHDAY SHOUT OUT FOR HER.
HAVE A HAPPY BD LINDA
Hi Java Dock
cuz we stupid basically...
Amen RT Thanking god for another day
How are we going to pay for pub trans upgrades/rebuilds?
One word  Sponsorship.
have a great time in Vegas
Commitment is an enemy to me.....
Chrysler Detroit superbowl commercial used photoshopped footage from Madison 2011 protests
Tomorrow sounds lovely about now, but why would anyone want time to past on the weekends?
I'll believe it when I see it Punxsutawney, Happy Groundhog Day!
guys: tiny bungalows in LA are afreakingdorable.
cannot wait to buy a house in this city.
Aaron Sorkin's commencement speech was just about on par with Steve Jobs'.
Bravo Syracuse.
Still learning the ropes of doing media at big events like this.
The journalists literally run after the athletes after the competition.
Thanks for the FF mention!
Made me smile this morning 
I never thought I could love someone as much as I love you.
that's what I mean't by white people.
Potato, powhiteo.
Marriott/Courtyard supposedly showing interest in site in El Cajon for fourstar hotel to open
PhillySportsTalk baby!
I don't think Utley plays this season, but that's just me.
my movie is almost done, the fight scene is almost complete
naw we don't want you RT: Am i in the oakridge year book?
Im Waiting Patiently in my PRM
new favorite movie, doctor Horrible's sing along blog!
Just bought a round....
got a sweet Latino digging me tonight.
Not bad for a fat white guy.
you just keep it together young lady.lol
How sick would and be for a 2013 class
Thanks for the RT!
real eyes , realize , real lies .
Luis de la Tota is in Portland!
Workshop s in the Studio this week!!
RT : What part of no doctorma didn't you understand ..
Goddamn you Roger
i wish these advertising eggs would stay tf outta my mentions 
Congrats  you'll have to tell me more about 'The Candidate' when I'm back in CA!
Obama not letting his childoctorn watch Keeping Up with the Kardashians is the best policy he's put in place since taking office.
So glad I decided to check out the All Conference Welcome Party in the txla12 exhibit hall.
I got about 20 galleys.
Free books!
me too
Irish specialties, seafood, salads, sandwiches, and a kids menu all
I won't be involved, but maybe the Last Letter Game will!
That's up to the new Q.
I just posted a picture of the Gordon Grocery Store for you, too.
That one is mine and you are welcome to post it to the web.
Check yo' facebook.
Make sure your facts are straight, reporters will quote you wordforword.
If they cant trust you as a source, you will no longer be a one.
haha whatever.
Well I'd be doing most of the work...hehe ;
Say goodbye to Winter with a doctornk on our patio!
Spring starts tomorrow with an expected high of 72!
Think I need a Ginger ale that was such an epic fail.
did zusi and sapong both get called up to the men's national team?
SKCchat I'm a little behind....
Dummies Gonna Do Dumb Things....And Tim Tebow, You Dumb...
: what does it take to be 1?
how the hell would he know?
RT : y'all dnt get televised?
BTW congrats  thanks and I think its online tho
..
impersonal, heroic, holding a thousand lives in his palm.
Once he saw me and smiled, Do you like my Steam Engine?.
I nodded a yes..
I can't help but giggle like a 12 year old boy every time they introduce Dick Button.
lmfao yes dick and dank
Ur icon just made my day
Time to go home..
can not wait...
This is lilyhills daughter.
She passed away on wednesday due to a stroke.
Ugh.
When do pitchers and catchers report?
If the Talking Heads were food, I'd be obese.
dude your birthday is on National Star Wars day!
:
Bill Simmons: should redo Jeremy for .
haha
thanks for the follow!
the line is almost a go!
I've never been so relaxed  content in my life.
Haha.
No.
I let them go away from the building.
but can we really still call them D town...
Yes sir, still going.
Soon will be past 180k.
thoughtsofjimnazos no shit we,re gonna
Earlier in the week it was National Caramel Day, but today it's actually National Caramel POPCORN Day!
Who doesn't love that sweet treat!?
horrible!
I'm dying
I understand the importance of building a conscious  responsible generation,  feel that the use of social media is essential to that cause
Making food is hard!!
Happy frappy hour!
:
First 2012 Show!
The Hemlock Tavern
ugh people  there is a difference b/w every day and everyday.
Good, thanks!
Just winding down for bed : You?
Starting RawWeek2: XMas Edition.
Not sure if this is going to be easier or harder than last time.
Someone keeps erasing my craigslist postings.
There is no reason that I have been given as to why...
New day same stuff but um
Who doesn't love an 80s dance party?
so jealous!
Stevie Nicks 
Kyle Lohse is making 12 mil this year, one mil less than Greinke.
Interesting.
this looks way better than the Schlafly map I have for the DC Nats stadium.
:/
so follow meeh
: Country accents are such a turn on.
That's what they tell me :P
Kid Cudi pandora in the morning.
my friends friend killed himself because he was a guy belieber an got messed with cuz he liked you an ur music
When you can't understand your teacher's Language, you'll be like TALK TO THE HAND.
Thanks to Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco.
Had a great time!
Also, RIP The White Stripes.
Also, we love Bill Murray
I get it.
Forward Forward Forward.
Mystery solved.
a big thank you to for speaking this morning and for sponsoring the breakfast!
great turn out!
Free 12oz cup of Coffee with our Breakfast Quiche  Fresh Tropical.Great way to start the week.See ya
and are trending worldwide?
Didnt know 'twas that deep.
News Corp.
agreed to pay roughly 4.7 million in relation to recent allegations of hacking the phone of a murdered girl in 2002.
wsj.com
Getting ready to tear down 1PC to rebuild, 1PC troubleshooting and reinstall SuperOS on the work horse may be out of touch for a few hours
Thomas is not fat and if u were a real ICONiac you wouldnt b saying that
Spending my Saturday morning watching Phantoms.
Ben Affleck was the bomb!
Congratulations on your tilegenerator.
Smart idea.
Honestly, tho, for me it's too limiting to be of practical use.
Best of luck!
Decisions, Decisions, decisions, we all have to make them, sometimes with limited information.
Love covers faults.
Damn it I hate it when I bring something everyday and the day I don't bring it I need it very badly!!!!
stupid!!!
Who the fuck goes to conventions...
Dumb
wtf are you doing in Brookfield?
damn u work too much Jc :
It's on when I see you; our chemistry is always a chain reaction;;
Ugh...I wish I could clone myself.
Who are we to play with hearts and throw away it all
Workshop materials are now available on the website.
Login to download.
Hey Girl!
It is at CPCC, March 13!
3:30...miss seeing you so much!
Presented to city counsil, went dairy queen.
Now I'm home talking to too many people at the same time.
AAAHHHH!
lol rocking out to BOTDF.
:D
as I would like to know you is my doctoram, but sometimes I think I can never meet but Buelvas to think and say never say never
Ayy living that twitter life Twitte:D
yesterday..Best day of my life 3
We need help in Austin to get Wheatsville Coop to carry Y2C.
They need customers to ask for Yes!
To Cookies.
Please retweet.
Thank you!
dont believe anything ppl say thats rite bc they might be wrong
if nothing else, I have an opinion on these guys.
a point of view.

you smell like fear and hooker OMG she breathed in my mouth
I'm good and busy as bee loving it.
interviewing big talents for Radio/TV Jason Miles, Take6, Pat Boone, Crystal Torres.
Crazy loud thunder!
lol who u have a beef with?
Thank you for your support and retweets!
Wow today was a straight FAMILY day from the BBQ, to the beatin up my lil cousins, to the music and of course the baby stories
tell her Im going to be seeing her soon !
btw we should do something son!
ill tell her when she gets home :
just woke up, at first i thought it was night time lol
10am...
text me :D
We've been really good : We'll be sure to keep you updated about tour
The state of IL now owes me 4,000 for trying to tell me I owe them 1,000.
If they can make shit up so can I.
enjoying this beautiful March weather.
Stay ready, so you never have to Get ready.
that's for you, Morcio
Requesting Young Homie by on misterhrisrene Pls play it :
we hope your date night with was a good one!
Thnx for choosing Ryleighs!
if Peggy were hotter, she'd be the perfect girl for him lol
Have fun!
You should get the special playoffs winning menu!
;
I couldnt go on that ragedy ass show i'd fuck them hoes up
Time to erase last weeks let down against the Bengals.
I don't just want a Packers win, I want a good old fashioned beat down.
Like 450!
Remember to follow us on twitter
The last bowl of Frosted Flakes is the best.
I'm on time release and I'm just about to hit HCD 
Ethics Panel Fines Espada 80000  New York Times
Come at me bro
Let me sing Sunrise Sunset to you.
Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs.
Message me your email addoctorss Ill send u 3 Mp3s.
Scanning my sketchbooks!
sorry was commenting on the escaping early for the weekend.
lol.
I can sorta take no.
TIme to get some sleep, then it's off to the Teddy Bear Toss at the Portland Winterhawks gm.
Joining 10,970 others.
SOLD OUT!!!
Virtual Fashion View: SHOPPING  WANNAHAVE CLASSY LOOK
Watch out for minor flooding ponding in Northern Waukesha and Milwaukee counties.
Very heavy rain next 3045 minutes.
Yay!
: Rick Santorum has suspended his campaign.
GOP election2012
THIS ALL THE FKN WAY
ello mister bieber.
:
Yoko used to follow me and then she unfollowed me.
I am heartbroken to this day by that intern..
U def should follow here tho!!!
Dang, Tebow killed it!
You know we at the top when only heavens right above it.
What a look..LMAO !!
Rising star award winner
O'Boyle, ...bring an exec something that they don't know...
so true and pays off
It's raining...
Also, I love how the second I stop caring about finding a boy they attack  that's so cliche.
Elephants love to have their tongues slapped.
Betty White
...this itching, aching feeling will not disappear until I write my stinking heart out.
Wow, what a crazy game last night.
In the end my boys pulled through, game 5 here we come!
same lessons, much much cheaper price your court or mine  email me
doctorNK TO THAT!!!
RIHANNA!!
AGirlJustWants her crush to say EXACTLY what she means to him; And never let her go, EVER
Youth Council Members attending AskTheCandidate forum.
Great to see other youth engaged.
Christmas morning with my wife, brunch with best friends, dinner with family.
Its the Christmas hat trick!
Im baked :P
took over 100 pictures of everything and everyone on 's phone last night.
funniest shit ever.
feels like
just checked out your web site nice work maybe we can colab soon !
WSF gracias
it depends on a lot of things...
is it hilly or flat for 6 miles?
Do you want to be sweaty after the bike ride?
Will do!!
cool story bro tell It again
OMG GUISE.
IMA GET TO MEET THE ICONic Boyz on JULY 9TH.
AT OCEAN CITY.
JJGOIEWAGHIOEHGIOEWJA9PIGEA.
Bittersweet memories.
That is all I'm taking with me.
So goodbye.
Please don't cry.
We both know I'm not what you need.
I'd love too!
: followed3
I am not sure how it happens anymore but I think you will automatically be put on Amazon.
Write to Smashwords as ask.
Thanks!
Heh, I worked on it while others did the hard part.
8 Maybe you'd like to see what else we're working on?
Cant waait for dabears to CRUSH luck week 1

Thanks for recommending us to
If U follow only 1 rule, let it B this: B yourself.
Really strong relationships R based on what ppl really R, not on what they pretend 2 B.
Does photobombing apply to Skype calls?
I'm pretty close to Skypebombing this person's call.
cc/
Some people do not realize that I have become so numb on the outside because...I hurt so much on the inside.....
SometimesIWonder why my teachers hate me so much
Yay!!
We won!!
Sandwich time.
Wow Dave Chapelle is crazy...this fat dude is about to get shot...now some dude has to get butt naked.
it was fine...
Yours?
Family birthday party this afternoon.
A blog post will come either later tonight or even tomorrow when I have more time.
Have a good day!
The new shampoo I used this am smells like old lady.
Ugh!
i work on us/mexico translation project and she and i became fast friends.
i didn't work on that translation that year
This is the last game that really doesn39;t matter.
Hope he gets all the 3 attempts out of his system.
No problem.
We used edu site your freshman year.
Their terms recently changed.
And we don't use it enough for me to pay.
In 2008, Congress finalized a national energy bill requiring all US passenger vehicles achieve 35 mpg by the year 2020.
I love chapsticksssssssss!!
That and they are putting way too much blame on him.
He never gets a break!
Might get to hang out with Allison Bruckner today!
:
whatever i hate complaining on twitter., i think ima go to bed now..
peace.
IfIwonthelotterytonight I would buy everyone that retweets this a new car of their choice
has 2,238 followers now...
Going up by the second welcome to the BBN ...
Hope it feels like cloud
Not sure if it went out, thanks for confirming!
If you know of any designers, send them my way...
What do nails and an ideal cock have in common?
They're 9 inch.
wat up bieber fans

Wishing our friends at Hasbro a happy Strawberry Shortcake Day!
Boutta shake it d I just got here, smh!
Ain't tryna hear the bs right now....
you and should make a COOL MORNING 3 featuring all the guys 3
Fuck you Flyers FUCK YOU!!!
I hope your bus/plan crashes on your travels back home!!
Who goes to Wing Stop just for their carrots?
...that's who.
Ridiculous.
I used caps lock too to emphasize my anger.
Lolololol
love that!
oh you got shot?
I'm so sorry, I'm sure it will work out, now let me just go get some salt for you to pour on it.
thank you for the referral :
thought he would be a long term solution.
We need a coach that can find a balance between BBHunter.
Good luck vs NJD !
for once, someone called me Sir, without adding, You're making a scene.
I'm supposed to be
Aaaaaaaaaayyyyyyeeeeeeeee lmfao RT : dark skin girls turn me on, so do red bones.
Watching the movie  Black
you would not!
At the very least you would take her to the loop.
Thanks for the RT!
can't fight this feeling any more  reo speedwagon
It's official!
I am now a card carrying member of the DC Democratic Party!!
sorry, I meant how can I help you use slatebox for your upcoming event...I am its creator :
BO announces that increasing oil supply will not decrease prices.
He is either an economic imbecile or he is a purposeful liar.
follow me yo .
Stocks doctorft lower when quiet, not higher as market makers doctorp bids o entice buying.
Just look at today's action
Tonight's food special: A dog topped with corned beef, Guinnessmarinated onions, relish  house mustard.
Served w/ salt  vinegar chips!
dluishgsdilgjsd im restarting my phone
The outrage should be that NC isn't the only one...
by a long shot.
Poor little guy has a fever.
Hope he is not sick tomorrow on his birthday.
:
6500 people attend AAA2011.
And pretty much all of them think Gov.
Rick Scott is a jerk.
I say hell yea hell yea hell yea, I say fuckin right hell yea hell yea
YOUR NOT GOING TO WIN
Enjoyed yesterday's talks with back2backministries.org, barefootproximity.com and centricconsulting.com.
Thanks for the time and good ideas.
you should see if they'll come in for an interview and just not show up
I just heard someone on the train say that has the best status updates ever!
Keep up the good work SoMed Gurus!
Thanks sharing the love!
Studying my PHP book right now.
Going to Full Sail in January, getting all the red tape ready for enrollment.
I hate listening to people tell me what to do
Rep.
Louise yet again reiterated that she IS running for reelection.
was the 1st to interview her last week in hospital!
i feel lamee now .
The are going to win tonight cuz
Tired of all these little bitches at my school.
Moneyball and Manoel de Oliveira's Strange Case of Angelica make for an aok double feature.
Who knew?
I am so slow
OH: That shirt makes you look like a busted can of biscuits.
Jeans, Tee, flip flops, n my homemade jewelry.
Can't wait to not worry about being cold!
You wouldn't believe!!!
u and KD can eat a dick
RT : The Interrupters tells the story of mediators striving to prevent violence in Chicago.
Great story compellingly told
story of my life
Omg panera in tenleytown is madness!!!
Eek!
you did not answer me about lunch next week : bo
Lindsay Wells family still waiting for a dig to bring her home.
Family needs local help Simi PD?
Dear Westport residents: Anyone available to pick me up from the train station around midnight tomorrow?
xoxo
ExpertVisibilityTip: If you're going to be on a TV show, WATCH THE SHOW!
Note colors of set, departments, who does what and when.
Feeling very blessed that is keeping our family life glued together while I figure out how to do my new job ...
Have Fun GRANDman !!
I Hope This Gets A RT 
Brb.
Listening to all of Austins covers.
This is a great day.
Won't show mate, bad link
Why Do Older Men Date Younger Women?....answers please!!!
thank you..
hahaha in spanish justsaidthat ya their voices are soothing in da morning
Dinner is served!
doctor Shub coming up next...stayed tuned for a few helpful hints on The Importance of Letting Your Child Struggle
That is so freakin gross Aaron..
Very cool, I'll try to RT as much as I can.
Knowledge being power and all...
I dunno how you come up with it, but its BEYOND genius :3
I am still trying to figure out how to tweet!
dumb that's right isn't it?
I pray for myself.
I love you baby.
The Strawberry Lemonade frozen doctornk from McDonald's is so damn good, it made me wanna call on Baby Jesus!
yea it is right
Thanks for the follow!
Are you at KPTV studios this evening, on air?
What do I have to do, for you too follow me?!?!
3
The market is on tomorrow at 10 am  Tony Memmel performs at noon
same thing happened to me.
Makes u want to get a new provider all together.
At least, that way you'd get a deal.
CCFBBL2012 live doctorft is tomorrow at 12 noon.
Let's go Broncos!
yeahh me too , im bored !!!
Lets go to the park ,,'
imagine Harry climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
True Grit  WGA Theater.
thats awesome!
Looking forward to it Randy!
Your gonna kick a  take names.
:
Goodcents makes it deli fresh and deli fresh makes Goodcents.
WHEN WILL I BE OFF OF FOLLOWING LIMIT???
:
CollegeCash hello from mediacaht whats going on tonight there?
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
trying!
And having fun...
Giving a shout out to some of our great customers and Thank you for being amazing!
It really is good to know.
I hadn't put any thought into it until we found possums living above our apartment.
Nobody ever said hockey players are the brightest bulbs.....
Thirsty?
5 glasses of wine tonight, 6 to choose from...
or get a cab and try all 6 :
Plenary session of Eye on Earth conference set to begin ....
you're in sac?
Lovin the Mustache Ride Ale at Stonefly Brewery!
The Stonefly burger was also tastey.
In a football game the second guy who is involved always gets the most severe penality.
Cause/ Effect!
arrow pointing to a big smile
you're skewing the average for the rest of us.
Lord Tensai is on WWE Superstars?!
Zack Ryder lost in a DARK MATCH on his BIRTHDAY?!
FUCK THIS!
Art Schlichter, what an incredible waste of talent but he never took advantage of the help available to him either.
nice to meet you!
: had a long day, but it was good.
Gonna have some doctornks w/friends now.
How's your day been?
If you can read my lips...if you got junk in the trunk..c'mon get, get low Everybody, its time to party!
Seems to me I remember a misterDaniels from North Carolina winning at Talla many years ago too.
I hate waiting for someone/anyone to get ready to go somewhere.
I get so worked up that I need a medically induced coma.
frankly, I think we are all gorgeous and it's lucky we don't mobbed!
ME TO !!!
OMG DATS SO COL CANT WAIT TO MEET U AND HER : Excited
Happy belated birthday!
Hope you enjoyed a day of relaxation and delicious treats
omg love your shoulder studded jacket!!
combining the studios in 2 weeks.
BookbindingLetterpressno more running back  forth.Thank God for strong movers!
The new space is great!!
Anyone else use Nintendo Zone on 3DS??
Oakland is the sleeper team.
Ranger fans are so busy hating the angels, CJ and pujolswe aren't checking the whole division.
I was not there but from what I heard from people that were that video does not captainre the essence of what happened very well
I feel ya bro Trust me hahaha and Half the time its just the same Weed...Same Old Shit, Just A Different Name...
For a completion like a vampire, use Cullen Clear.
Go from crater face to 24 karat diamond face.
I feel like shit...
i am so sorry 
My hair is in a bun, I have no makeup on, and I have flip flops on.
3 things that NEVER happen hah.
been there before ....you have sunscreen?
People need to CALM THEMSELVES
thanks for the mention.
Have a great weekend!
of course there is alcohol via !!!
Nice to have you with us; what from her talk are you still 'chewing on' out of curiosity?
Janet Jackson  Black Cat
so true.
How'd I ever leave that face?
I don't know how he collects his data or whether it's worth a damn, but it presents a new way of thinking about immigration.
When your dog is off the lead should she go in front, turn and go in the other way she will soon notice and come running after you
CDC: Teen Pregnancy doctorps Again in 2010 to 70Year Low
I heard that's good luck.
: At least that's what my date said when it hppened to me!
Last stat of the evening: That averages out to almost 16 images/day.
People really just know how to get on my last nerve.
What the heck?
You think Monopoly's going to make a fortune?
You've got to be kidding me, Lol.
It's Jake's big 30 birthday tomorrow.
Post ur bday msgs on Woodjocks Facebook  we'll get them to him!!
here's another investment idea: turn the jones falls into kayak/rafting thing for adventurers.
have to clean it up first.
Wondering if you ran away would anyone care..?
Alright team, this year for Lent we are giving up losing.
So WIN!
8 Careers That Pay Less Than You Think
Ready for the NewYorkKnicks' second game; I just pray that it is not like the first, which I frankly think is impossible to repeat.
Hey lady, can you remove this tweet.
It links to my desktop.
Odd craving.
Do they still make Tang?
So how long does Limbaugh have to remain on WABC before you'll admit you were wrong?
Can you give me a date?
I HHHHAATTTTEEEE POWER OUTAGES!
Its real dumb giving up stuff for lent when you're not even catholic/religious.
Damn that greaterthan sign!
you guys make handsome sparklers :
More Rizzo  No one has ever accused Cole Hamels of being old school.
a perfect day in January 50  bright sunshine love it
finally!
Now maybe can hook you up with that 'PIGA NDURU' doctorp that makes u go craay.
I DID!!!
Got to try out the new floors.
You can do Triangle on your mat now.
Best.
Triangle.
Ever.
YOU iS!..YOU BEEN BALLiNG ON SHOES FOR THE PAST TWO MNTHS...
u are truly rockin Turtle Power
WasteCap  its clients have diverted 638,915 tons of construction and demolition waste from landfills, which is 266 pounds per person in WI.
Loving the start so far.
: : Tonight, we are young...
had it stuck in my head all night haha!
: told ya :D
I've never seen it.
THIS WEEK!
I told her about bad dogs hahaha
I know I'm it
The radio is reading my mind right now
hello humidity ...didn't see you there
that was awsome i thought he was ganna bail at 1st but he didnt....
let's go green and hitch it.
though after reading Allman's memoir excerpt in I'm not feeling like thumbin' it
nice!
love c falls, you know any of the boys from the flips wilsons, john or arron allen?
I am more shocked over Davy Jones than I was over Whitney Houston or Michael Jackson.
your welcome.:
dearfreshman: Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass, its about learning to dance in the rain.
if it's nice....got into a thread yesterday on a piece I wrote about grading and I'm feeling sensitive.
only one way to find out.
Barf.
rocking Bamboo tonight with special guests!
Wow...
hoping all my friends in Boston are alright....fill me in.
1st thought: In a world of Kardashians and Lohans, classy Kate Middleton is a breath of fresh air.
Exclusive: North County mother forgives two men accused of killing her son, says stop hiding and face justice..
Tonight only on NBC 7 at 11.
daily cardio is your friend.
ImisterbertsGirl AF JUST ROBS GIRL NO ONE ELSE
Oh that's you!
Duh.
I saw it courtesy of google alerts.
My piece is totally dated preOccupy in contrast to yours.
Say hi to BW!
I shouldn't have mentioned my birthday.
Now is strategizing on how to send me a muscle porn singing telegram.
RealNiggas will always and forever run from the police
Ping, you're it.
Trip to Decatur for new running shoes and a Belgian white from Hope Coach is proud!
Our film this Saturday is TWELVE O'CLOCK HIGH, starring Gregory Peck in a WWII tale of aerial combat.
Starts at 1PM!
My first doctorft of Birthright was 86k and my most recent is 120.
It may be less than that when I get done and cut/add.
Congrats to Octavia Spencer on receiving her first Oscar!

he dont believe , trust me , blah none that shit .
Goin to ball in the sunshine: 
All Dilla set  perfect
A succinct and humorous speech from an inspiring writer, and a lovely day at the Hudson Childoctorn's Book Fest.
Fun!
..and that's the thing.
I want Pittsburgh to overcome those deficiencies.
It's a different place to me now.
My CelebOfTheYear is Kate Middleton!
All my pleasure!
U know I'm hungry when I'm quiet....
i think i just saw  he's that guy wearing a green shirt
Success for Managers is: Time to help my own people realize who they can be, not just what they can do.
You sly devil you.
is hosting author Ellen Schreiber of Vampire Kisses today in the library
Its got some sick beats man!!
Nacho is pretty raw an loves talkin bout bitches and doctorgs, but its prettys rad man!
Practice was straight, we got dat squad 
I will never stop using the 'xD' face, makes me not feel awkward
Surprise DJ set tonight feeling good, will channel through turntables and out speakers tonight!
When you really calculate how much  it costs a business when their people don't speak English, how do we not teach more of our people??
So excited right now; I'm headed out to 's opening at
we're sending and to the NY Games Conference tomorrow  will you be there?
Hey!
We still need to catch up!
Merry Christmas everybody !!!!!
Psycho music tweets this to me every so often.
No clue what it meansRT : Veeeeek!
Veeeeeeeeeek!
another month and ur back right?
Hi and !
Thanks for following!
Why would Derrick Rose need up to a year for his ACL to heal?
Recovery time is usually only 78 months.
and people think guys are creepy...
RT : RIP, Charles Skip Pitts.
That's his wahwah guitar in the Shaft theme, among other prominent places.
You never can sleep on the Spurs, they have debt, shooters, playoff experience, and defense.
Mailing out more records .
This is the last of them.
If you want one, buy from the label or the distros.
Interpunk is the cheapest.
Tonight at both clubs its COLLEGE ID NIGHT!
Get in for just 5 with ANY college ID!
You can just make one up!
We don't care!
3172554211
This food going down !!!
I want my own bobblehead.
Can we get one that throws pizza?
god, i'm so messed up in the head.
i need help :/
im off for now.
happy new years everyone!
And do a lil shopping too !
Jesus.
Closers are over rated.
Appreciate it , excellent!
RT is brilliant!
I know a bunch of accidentprone Canadians that I am going...
Ditto!
:D See you on the 19th?
My grandpas response what the hell is that?!?
Healthcare episode of the office is one of the funniest.
Ever.
Thats right!
Homies for life!
RT : I love BFF talks with !
Overall it's great, feeling great.
Training is slower than I expected, but time is at a premium these days.
;
twitterlies RT she'll stand you up at the movie theatre, don't trust her!
The babes at work so Im bord....
I guess i have to watch a movie......
or something......
home yes.
33
there was a machine that analyzed the composition of food and would ID it.
Someone put their hand in and it said bacon.
1/2
I freaken LOVE my new luxy hair extensions!!!!
I bought 2 and can't stand how sexy they are!!!!!
Michele Jansen here...after 10:30 would be great!
I am a flu fever face but I did get to see the steam rising off of the next door neighbors roof at dawn this morning
I just want to know if I can put my PILOT in your COCKPIT?!
Please and Thanks!
Especially at a reputable establishment, we are getting folks from all over the country, most just passing through, its called networking.
3 years from one of my favorite songs: One time
you should of brought me and in the first place!
If you aren't always thinking about the user and their needs when developing a product, you've blown it
June is here!
And our busiest month of the summer!
BBall Team Camps kick off 6/17 and Volleyball Summer Camp starts 6/28!
No sir, not me.
Too tired.
Everyday I'm hustling......
Salts
Who knows who Vera Bradley is?
No straight male...

don't forget too!
RT Hope to eat at Next or Alinea one day soon.
We only see what we choose to see.
FF I adore her so much  and she is so gorgeous and so nice to me.
:
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
Oh, you like that huh?
I wanna kick your ass !
Ass, Grass, Gas ?
That's all?
Yeah kissing your chicken?
Fk a dog in the ass?
sox pride runs deep.
you're always my number one, just don't tell the kids.....or the cat Hugs
you can't get something for nothing

I'll be at tomorrow.
Bummed I couldn't make the Hackathon today, looks awesome!
omg it would be the coolest double date trip...okay im getting to carried away ..never know how those will go so yea.
Nate Silver has arrived Looking forward to insightful talk on the election.
Great to see strong student turnout.
in this case, why is losing jobs okay?
We have 10s of thousands less jobs than we could should would if Walker had compromised
thank YOU!
This is who I am live for nothing or die for somethingRambo
I don''t think there will be another band that harmonized as good as the Eagles
What is anatomy?
No doubt...MTBANKSOUTH
Don't borrow someone else's plan.
Develop your own philosophy and it will lead you to unique places.
Jim Rohn
Thanks for following, Bethany!
are you a slut?
Why is it news that a RHOwherever's cat just died?
Really universe?
Made quite a few sacrifices in 2011.
2012 has got to be the year of ascent.
Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
it should be sorrysis for waking the kids up!
Haha
To all those going to MSHSProm: use protection, tip your limo doctorver, and request a Backstreet Boys song for me.
rememberd when i said i'd go outside and yell i love sam pottorff?
i did, now my neighbors stare at me weird.
lol
If this were AOL private room KoRn in the late 90s I'd be leading right now.
We have an arbitration tomorrow.
Great time at Santacon my dude.
Can't wait to continue it at SHMafterparty!
we are gonna crush it homie!
sorry hun, that's rough.
hugs
You always pull off whatever hairdo no matter what
RT When people think their the shit.
Get over yourself.
but I bet they know the difference between their and they're
All I can say is that I love :
I just did it because my dad had 6 months to live.
Were he still alive I might still be a bachelor.
Thanks, dad...
That's kind of up in the air depending on tonight, but if they lose, they'd probably play Wednesday.
they came to the digi tour last year if im not mistaking.
Looks like the start of something great!
gfree pies
Great visit w/ Campbellsville University partners today!
Thank u for having us out to tape the Dialog on Public Issues Segment
Consumer activity comprises most of the US economy  10 trillion of 14 trillion total.
10 trillion is half the global consumer market.
ABBY PLEASE help out a local ROCHESTerian one time please retweet this and have everyone VOTE so i can win an engagment ring
At least ESPN keeps airing this D Rose commercial so we have something to be excited about in Chicago.
IT'S PLAYING HOLY, OMG OMG OMG
ManU Report: Neville joins Hodgson's England staff
This Thursday, March 1st at 10:00 a.m.
is the grand reopening of Philbrick Hall at Central Branch.
Today just got cooler!
Some hosting companies are way over their head!
they talked about harry and caroline on sirius xm today omg
Free Prescription Discounts  Savings up to 28  Giant Eagle  VICODIN 
The evidence the jurors saw in the Amy Senser case.
Nearly 130 pieces: photos, 911 calls etc.
How you can see it all on KSTPTV at 5pm.
wins female vocalist!
Yay!
Dexter Fowler just keeps hitting.
Huge threerun shot ties it up.
u need followers
startnorfolk WTF what's the fix?
Transmit check engine codes and get repair qoutes
A former inmate of the Central New Mexico Correction Facility in Los Lunas says a captainin of the guards raped him repeatedly.
So: a lawsuit.
Andoctorw Zimmern is ridiculous.
Things r probably crawling inside this man lol
When does article on the V Magazine??
of course, you can never go wrong with bright lights.
like I said, it was my first time hearing him.
what's yours?
Adventure Time is the best thing that has ever happened to the world.
:3 I love everything about it!
3 And Jeremy Shada is just amazing
MIXED GREENS SALAD  With Orange, Cucumber, Jicama and Green Olive Vinaigrette
Did you know the Owl Bar is serving Batch 19, a preprohibition lager?
Just donated half my closet to GoodWill.
Mom: what's that show was in?
Me: Reba?
Better With You?
Mom: YES BETTER WITH YOU I JUST WATCHED IT ON NETFLIX IT'S AWESOME!
Yep.
The episode where the LA Connection run from the law.
and Officer chase us on Mopeds.
LOL
Bless the conference organizers and hotel staff for having available!!
IMLS core values in the strategic plan  working for public good, integrity, collaboration, continuous learning
hm,,i think I kinda like him,, this relationship might work out after all.
Thank you so much!
Can you also tell your followers to vote for Germany?
33 Because you're an amazing and big account.
33
thanks homie.
It's been good.
Day off.
Post office, Trader Joe's, and a nice run with my Oh and maybe some Games of Thrones reruns
OMG you know they did a track!!!
Oct.
3, 1894: : Ives moves into 76 South Middle; begins at Yale College.
Shitty that Micky D's ain't got the Strawberry and Creme on deck 
We are ripcity Come Blazers!!!
they are very good friends they should join us yes
i followed
The Most Important Algorithms  strongczq ...
Thanks!
Right back at ya
lol that don't look like u?!:
This Friday March 16 is Say No Bullying Day throughout Australia.
Wear Orange and take a stand together on Friday around the world.
No one wants to go to school.
Why force it.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that ASK a lot of fckin question sitchoassdown somewhere 
Do you ever open old stuff and wonder  for a second at least  who wrote it?
That's my fav.
Def recycling, in best way!
one day.
haha.
i gotta head to bed.
tweet you tomorrow : goodnight!
sleep tight!
and dont let anyone in your room.
Here we go, second half!
LAKERS wake up!!!!
Why do you have to be so hot and live so so far away?!
Love me some Bearwatch!
just made 51 hits today on my blog, which beat my previous record of 50.
So yeah, maybe not earth shattering, but it is a coo!
AAJA Denver meeting at Asian Cajun, one of new wave of Vietowned Cajun restaurants from postKatrina New Orleans.
Yay For President Obama For Supporting The Homos.
:D
John Bylander is going to to NYC and we are playing his departy at The Annex Theater in Baltimore on Friday!!
I wanna doctornk some caribou Lou with right now!!
Just tilled yesterday so the dirt is fresh and fluffy.
If we wait, it may rain and pack the dirt back down.
Conundoctorm LOL
Rain or shine all of our farmers will be looking for you.
Put on a smile and join us wet or doctor
Got Bieber Fever and Simpson Syndoctorme
will you ever do a COOL MORNING 3 with ?;
My flirting game is off
Watching a hummingbird in garden...
its all about how you say it and whether or not you're intending to do harm by it.
isn't that what Z is saying?
Thank you!
Welcome to The Igloo Philly...
NOW GET THE FUCK OUT!!!
watching the last episode of desperatehousewives sad that it is ending 
Adam Sandler!!
:D
We have a new bubbly by glass  Foreau Chenin Blanc Brut Vouvray Loire Valley!
Come check it out!
There is NO excuse for a father NOT to be in his childs life.
loving the cornrows
The cocoa pebbles commercials make me want them
I'm in need of some TacoBell, GUESS WHAT I'M DOING TOMORROW :D
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit
yea u were real fake lmao sad
Its some wonderful trivia knowledge right?
:  Lina
So I saidd..hey,why don't u go pick on someone ur on size?!,u dont have no GD reason to mess with her.
WTF did she do 2 u?
Huh bitch?!...
When you want wisdom and insight as badly as you wanted to breathe, it is then you shall have it.
Coming soon New Single From Miguelito Lamorte  The Chino Nuez Orchestra
haha oh you know I would !
But I have my final today too ..
And don't be too hard on ..
She's on summer break
thanks for the rt and for helping us use social media to reach beyond the walls of our classroom!
My kids will be excited!
Tired all day but when it comes time for some sleep I can't fall asleep
What tie should I wear at the District conference?
I want to look sharp when I'm up on stage.
Thanks tho.
Life's what u make of it.
Keep what works well, scrap wht don't.
He keeps me honest  confident.
The new site looks cool, and I do like the new features.
I do miss having access to seeing Friends posts.
Will that be available soon
says No contact with EA Online.
Please try again later.
do u like my new background!!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna say it again because it's spiritual: the seasonal Espresso Stout is something you don't want to miss.
Big Things Coming Soon....very soon
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns are tied at 23.
Despite Clevelands 2 wins to Jacksonvilles' 1, the ...
I always forget how good you were in Old School!
Ole Dean Pritchard.
Mildly windburned after walking around metro with the hubby and the dogs
AT MATHS : rocha : good morning gustavo : ...
gives a slap to Rocha as always as everyday xd
RT : Rachel Roy Introducing New Shoe Line After nearly seven yearsset to hit stores this fall.
Via WWD
Can a student major in entrepreneurship or is the topic best if incorporated in all majors?
I was right, none missed me :
Wow.
Not a win
Yes.
Currently available online, and we ship to your doorstep anywhere in US!
www.westcoastscrapple.com
Playing on an empty stomach is always a bad idea.
my love gave me a kindle fire, mommys very happy
Who knew we'd ever learn how to shuck an oyster?!
Looks like it's time to update the ol' resume :
haha I'd be honored:3
pleasure was mine.
Looking forward to the events.
im kinda late but there was no hw lol
3 years: Over/Under on how long it takes Justin Bieber to develop alcoholism and a cocaine addiction?
As long as you have not been off the HCG for 10 days u can usually just start again.
No gorging or anything like that.
if I give you back your necklace and we lose, it will be your fault.
No firm date yet, but springtime is the usual release time.
And we are back to Monday
No ma'am.
Part of my job.
How'd your first year go?
N man idek.
Prolly late summer hopefully.
Me n B missed the last couple trips.
it was when logan got slapped in the faceHAHAHAH lol but don't get me wrong i like all of u!
When you don't like someone's status, because you don't care about their opinion.
It's from an episode of Portlandia.
Great turnout.
I'm sure you killed it.
Looking forward to the encore performance tomorrow.
I might not be THAT old, but I'm proud to say that I'm an avid fan of the Beatles :
well I'm team PM all the way, but that picture made me happy.
Great last night here at BSU.
Going to miss the bros and Stay fly this summer ya'll.
Intrigued by diigo.
Has anyone used diigo educator accounts to facilitate class sharing of links?
I would be there SO fast!
A system is a repeated course of actions  a way of doing things  that brings about result.
Thank u for introducing me to gary clark jr.
He is bringing back rock n roll, love it!!
Nice to see on tonight.
I miss
We would love to host!
I've never heard NOVA and Off the grid in the same sentence before!
Glad you had a good weekend.
There gets to be a point in life when not learning isnt fun anymore
Please shut the FUCK up, if you're saying you don't like people in your business but you're still putting it all over the internet.
thanks Sterling!
Yes captainin, I had a WONDERFUL afternoon!
:
I noticed that!
Wonder why?
Twitter too scary?
: 
IN APRIL are you following TREND'S??
Happy Halloween i hope you have a great nite
Thank u!!
RT : happy birthday...
s2s2
same thing I said.
I'm loving my new iPhone 4s.
4 months :D
Just had a rehearsal/camera test for an upcoming outreach video.
Looking  sounding good, now to secure a location for filming.
That's good.
:
Thanks for your tweet!
Have an excellent day and week!!
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Napoleon Bonaparte
How are you all doing?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
:
Do I sense judgement?
RT: you'd take a cock in the mouth for Cal though
Ooh CB is nice!
I don't feel bad at all, I really like most of their furniture and am also pleased with my mad decorative skillz
Ryan Reynolds in School of Life.
just watched it.
Great movie!!
i recommend it to anyone out there :
Truly believe God, you will worry nothing!
I found that is not every one who goes to church on Sunday they believe in God.
hey I haven't talked to you in a while ha
Do you agree that college athlete play to pay everyone else except themselves?
Discussion on Costas tonight on NBCSN
Hey does anyone watch the show mikemolly?
Last show of the season tonight.
this song i am listening to 
I push everyone away.
All the time, im sorry.
I need weed and god lol.
Been there.
Good luck
the Egyptians never called their phaoroah's kings.
They called them phaoroah's, Kings are rulers in Europe.
Never the one to gloat...but I do this fashion shit yo.
: It's sad to me how often we let God given opportunities lapse because of indecision  fear.
especially from suicide.
Please, If you know someone who wants to commit suicide try and talk them
Thanks for the Feedback!
A member of our Support team is reaching out now.
4 day weekend ?
RT : Did you know you can text a librarian?
Text your question to 66746.
Start your first message with AACPL.
Response asap
no problem.
thanks for following back
angeles Glendale LowVoltage Contractor Announces Special Fall Offer for Installation of HD TVs in Los Angeles County
I didn't sleep at all last night...what's the joke
Nothing ass hoes on deck...
Watching old episodes of The Walking Dead 3
Hey CC.
I'll send a small version of your logo to your omail account.Thumbnail version
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow's TROUBLES, it takes away today's PEACE.
Unknown, from a Forwarded email  but I liked it!
161 days until I'm 18.
Would it be wrong if Tiger blurted out: I wanna kick that porn star in her money maker!???
After you've heard 2 eyewitness accounts of an auto accident it makes you wonder about history.
Bits  Pieces
I'm so tired of seeing these girls with duck face  titties hanging out 
well they aren't voting for Obama so they're called racists by the left
can't wait to join you man, NYC is inspiring!
Mahomies: When we party, WE PARTY HARD.
Heading to a final lunch in Sparks for this academic year.
thanks for letting me know.
My question is why would it be a scam what do they have to gain from it?
curing the pain???
:
what, what?
Got Transportation ?
doctornk on it with good ky bourbon.
The International Balloon Fiesta starts Sat.
The Pella Store is on the way!
Alameda Blv.
NE Ste A.
See or call Jeff.3620529.
Is there anything more unnerving to this semigermaphobe than when the sensor on the public toilet flushes while you're still hovering?!
No!
you should have always known that.
Lol
Halo Modders Form Xitol Softworks, Working On Zone: The Battleground The latest attempt from a mod group to become a legitimate design st
Loved your outfit last night  so well put together and so comfy
Layin out seaside
i would say about 18.
some insane doctorfts of 4ft outside my front door.
its just a mess!
Glad to hear that!
Are you guys playing?
knock knock.
who's there?
Florida state UpsetAlert UpsetCity what a game
currently sitting on my suitcase lol
oh derek
Dam cold hand at the craps table?
Well I'm pissed, I feel like I was just called ugly and fat at the same time....
From my boyfriend!
hahahaha that zombie thing is so funny
My back is giving me killer pain :
I still have the old Tweetdeck on my computer.
Score!!
Now I can tweet again without going crazy.
NCAA gave you a path to success, stop being a victim of the system and running your mouth that these athletes are in a choke hold
orphans8 Jay Schwartz presenting after a screening of 'The Jungle', a film made by and about black street gangs in Philly.
Why thank you for the compliment!
RT : I'm finna make some nachos and attempt to make them as good as
I got some Kleenex for your tears.
Lol.
Your what hurts....
: All women are crazy!
Nondebatable been learned that bro
Frito Pie homemade deliciousness today for Free lunch at the Wesley.
Come get some free food  12 today.
Bring your friends!!
I hate that Proactiv is the only thing I think about now when I hear the word proactive.
I'm nostalgic abt first time I surfed the web, but I doubt my new niece will beshe won't remember it as something new.
Laughing so hard it hurts
Yeah but 150 cals, 50 cals here and there adds up when you are watching the total cals
We're playing a show tonight at The Speakeasy in Lakeworth, FL with Sleeping Giant, Gideon  much more!
Come hang out  buy some merch!
Hey, don't mess with our tribute thread!!!!!!
BITCH!
RT: Learn to accept criticism.
I'm not perfect  neither are you.
Good suggestion.
What's not to love about an armadillo?
Better than some fat old white dude in need of a shave.
Im trying, i really am.
Its starting to get harder.
I love cooking breakfast.
You are so desperate and it's hilarious
take yo black ass to bed
Markland Hanley and its founders listed in Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers in Product Liability
Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.
and all the howling she does : lol.
Thanks so much!!
She was a killshelter pup her and 12 others.
Thank you ALL for the advice re:splitting into two Twitter accounts.
I guess there's no easy way to do it other than just do it.
S/O to for being a little hottie
my bother sucks at singing .
school  at least it's FRIDAY :D
Fuck The Egyptian Army.
Wow!
iPhone crashed on startup and spit out a bunch of line code.
That was a first.
how bout them redsox!
Thank you I will send her your regards.
Thanks for the follow
LOL you're sweaty.
Don't touch me
Feeling cranky...don't know if I will red tomorrow.
Must be tired from all that snowblowing...
A real man isn't defined by the number of girls he had, but by the number of girls he told I'm sorry, but I'm taken And I love her so much
I need a contact for northeast Houston for our food event in 2 weeks.
Coca Cola products will be there.
We want pepsi there too!
hahahah billpaxton.
That's what's up!
Thanks for following me, I am follwoing U as well, nice to meet you here on Twitter
theres only one way to find out lol
Love me, love me, say that you love me.
Follow and GET 1,000 Followers
When the game is on the line?
Can you handle the pressure?
This sounds like a really special thing to do for Mother's Day!
FYI, if you lose a book from another county's library, it's 125.
Not doing any more library favors for friends.
That was a dick move.
Adding new castings and news right now in Virginia Actors' Forum Group.
Go there right now on FB!
Blows my mind that the stands at NCAAsd aren't always loaded with local age group teams.
happy birthday 3 I hope you have an amazing day :
I'm a 37 yr old responsible adult who just wants to play online poker while there are real criminals out that needs to be dealt with.
WTF?
When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man
Sources: Another SDPD officer accused of misconduct, this time for allegedly fixing tickets.
Did my PM about the project come through to you?
I can't afford it right now.
Feeling better from this horrible cold  found 10 in the back pocket of my pants 
hey thanks for fowllowing me on twitter
Cant wait to get off work and get home to and the kiddos and see my boy !!
maxpayne3 tonight!!!
Ahh i been Good man, Planning coming to see my younglings at vp soon.
Aha but Wassup, How have you been?
Dear God, WHY do you know that?
We're breaking up.
RT oh no, grandma wrinkles died??
Lets see what you got RAYS!
an indian man at target just made me try on several articles of clothing to determine what size to buy his sister.
Glad to hear that.
You always feel better after yoga :
OMG homecoming was live!!
We Did Not Fully Envision the Challenges That We Would Encounter Obstantiam oppeteremur plene non prospeximus
it's tough to do across the board...
Any races coming up?
Now have 1 in Mexico with 9 fetuses; I blame the doctor For endangering these women's health  failing 2 check 4 mental illness
funny!
rt can you say cliff hanger?
I thought something was wrong with my tv  then I saw the mask...hilarious
Love getting these weird looks while out in public wearing my onesie.
Lol
you can't stay still, huh?
Who went out and bought the album ?
I will take time throughout each day to tend to my needs just as I would tend to someone I loved dearly.
Sessions makes me mad.
anyone have any knowledge of an embeddable, collaborative list maker?
Not like tada, but something that's totally open?
no invite needed?
Some things really are phases...
overit :
Just too perfect...in my eyes at least
good to keep an eye on to see if they changed, but doubt the point still stands, Meck didn't turnout as much as Wake did
Had a great time at the TowsonTown Festival..
Man, the weekend flies!
i love that my biggest problem right now is trying to see the computer screen despite the glare of the sun.
spring!
baseball!
tonight and Bryant, Paul and Katie serving up doctornks all night.
Making this nighttime deadline with the assistance of , and a glass of W.L.
Weller Special Reserve.
GrandTheftAutoMemories Get from in front of the t.v you made me get shot dammit!
what is this about?!
This Friday I'll be playing at the Bugle Boy in LaGrange, TX.
This is a great room folks  mark your calendars!!
810pm
Definitely.
Come by after.
Who are you meeting with?
Consider it your good deed for the day.
You made them quite happy I'm sure.
Any Songs From Cocaine Muzik 14 U Got None But Classic On There!!!!!
Wow, 3rd base umpire rough on check swings tonight
I like this
brought my 10  8yr old boys 2 c u last nov.
We loved believe!
Best vegas show I've ever seen c u soon 4 sure ; xoxo
I'll take one large with a side salad.
Just watch out for Artwalk patrons when you doctorp it off.
diggin grizzly bear's track two weeks
i was freak out...
I'm in Virginia!
LIve To Give  Give Away 1  www.BrianEZimmerman.com Live To Give is a weekly project where Demet..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Back from a delish Indian meal at Masala Jacks in Cotati.
Needed to get fueled up to watch the Giants on TV
I feel sick.
Time to raid the medicine cabinet.
Im the franchise so I rock my own chain/No I said give em that '80s cocaine/Something raw something pure so I stayed in that vein.
Mega Millions winning ticket sold in my hometown.
Congratulations!
Checking with family and friends now.
Case studies show this product is use full for 100's of disease's Restores the True You What Can It Do For You?
Http://lamininehealth.com
RT: Join our for their chapter leaders meeting on 3/8 at !
ice it
sure thing.
: Aw, thanks you two.
Selling a red electric guitar, used with one strong broken  but could be replaced, reply if your interested in negotiating.
SOMEONE GET DAVID PARKER OFF TV NOW!!!!
Lets go chris paul and blake griffin lets get it
RT : A good date ends with Dinner.
A great date ends with Breakfast.
Thanks, I checked out Leadernet.ca as well.
Good job!
doctorbek just entered the courtroom.
goes to check the HOES my brother has on his shit
air force
i agree.
Tupac was the exception.
He wrote poetry b4 he rapped.
A lot of rappers, like JayZ r very poetic, but not poets per se
permanent, sort of.
those were archived webinars for purchase, but we'll be updating with links to watch/listen for free
Santini39;s Mythical Leda and Swan Image Removed Due to Bestiality Charges
it must be quite a sight to see me in traffic belting out one of your songs, probably one hell of a listen too ;
oh idk then sorry
thank you :
Off to teach dependent and independent clauses.
Anybody want to fix my sentence fragments?
I'm kinda startin to miss talking to
: haha ever done that ?
lol, no, but I should really try it.
My bad and for ruining the workout.
:
no point to give away head phones she they don't send the mother fuckers out to you.
They've called me ugly, stupid, fat and weak.
But i know I have plenty of strength beauty and power.
I believe b/c confidence is my choice.
Sunday's were made for watching golf, not playing.
On a day as nice as today, shoulda played better than the 93 I posted!
that's what I'm doing!
Minus the hiccups.
And also add mountain dew.
that's what my nephew calls me!
Same!
I'm gonna get me some fuckin' Fazoli's!
doctornk girl walking into Papa Ray's Pizza.
oh how awesome: it must suck to be moving schools tho.
I should know, I came from Texas and moved here 4months ago it sucked
Nov 12 is the official Grand Opening, so save the date :
same and also waiting for my best friend to come over P
so your good deed wll set you free !
Sacramento officially getting an arena!!?
That's pretty tight!!!
Had funn w/ My fellow 2012 classmates tonight...just us few hadd funn together , :  !
Thanks so much!
your dunk over the KIA was impressive, but we'll give you a free tee if you can jump over a school bus.
It's cold and windy and pouring and there's something beeping and its freaking my shit completely out.
I'm genuinely worried.
haha ok that's fine.
I'm following her now!!
ha!
Don't hurt nobody out there lol
Oh...fLux!
You don't wanna know what I thought!
Thanks for the follow.
Hope you have a chance 2 dig u some Skwirl!
Best  success!
Thanks so much Amanda!
You're awesome!
The Cavs are way off chalupa pace
Ok.
I think I'm going to root for the Romanian kid named Zoltan who punts for the Patriots.
That's a sweet name.
Morel starting in the 2hole again tonight...I mine as well be hitting in the 2hole.
Broncos select Derek Wolfe DL Cincinnati with the 36th pick overall in the NFL doctorft.
NO.
I got a cold and can't breathe to well so not sleeping very good.
ha!
What's next?
Silly String?
did you get a g1?
I was looking at them today...
my TMobile contract ends in January, so maybe then...
Consider following soccer fan
tried posting to the LADL/NDPL message board but was timed out and all was lost...
I am considering going back to using Outlook b/c my eyes hurt from looking at the screen.
And I can't even change the theme!
I now have 500 followers.
Pretty bizarre considering how bad I am twitter.
But Thanks for being number 500!
do all mammals have bellybuttons?
The comment system has a number of bugs that would make me hesitant to want FB as a news platform.
I'm ignoring that slight because I ONLY HEAR WHAT I WANT TO.
Sometimes I think I have never really found my way.
I just grew accustomed to being lost...
Sure was convenient tho, no?
'Now don't you get all focused on your careers or something, cause then you won't be able to make babies!'
RT : SB: UNCG tops Radford in game one of their doubleheader, 43 in nine innings.
Eileen Horsmon knocked in all four runs.
Friend: So you're surprised that a guy wanted to sleep with you that you met on Grindoctor Well, sure it sounds stupid when you say it.
I did!
I Feel Like a Freakin Pervert!
Now I have a shit ton of caffeine in me and cant use it
he's pitching lights out today...
Bullpen better not f up his performance
Jackson State just got slaughtered at Spades!
If you count a three point victory as a slaughter...
I'll send it to my faculty if that would help or is that too many from one place
Adobe's latest CS version 5.5 was introduced today.
Nice chance to ask questions to Adobe Evangelists via Facebook.
And all were answered.
The commish is in section 15, 4 rows up, 3rd seat from the aisle towards center court.
Let's impress that little shit in the second half.
Don't mind my boobs
true...plus waistline expansion.
The Sundowners Social is tonight at The doctorp.
We welcome Mati Mat and Billy Beale to the stage to share tunes with us.
10p2a.
i'm not sure:
last meal in ny russ and daughters smoked salmon.dear god it's beautiful.
RT From : if you want copies of my slides send email to .
nvm it was about skins but it gotanswered.
If man does his best what else is there?
Unfortunately not yet We may look to in the future, but for now we are focused on supplying the USA.
I hate being torn in two directions
watch where you step.
Let me just say it...
and for the record...
I miss HARRASSING
RT : How about a big round of applause for our VOLUNTEERS!
Thanks for all you do!
NatlVolunteerWeek RT!
HowAboutWe stop jumping to conclusions and take a second to find the truth
For the time being I'm on my Wwf grind and super fun new scrabble/boggle hybrid Scramble.
Start a game with me, I'm Far Flung
Projected Markets Beyond government or comm sats, where are the markets that justify investment in new space companies?
Guess who's going to be a fantasy creature this Saturday?!?!....
So much to do this weekend!
I need to be Ms.
Productive.
Then I can relax and eat all the cheesesteaks I can handle in Philly next week!
Baltimore  Towson is having it's most glorious day of the year today!
Get out and enjoy it.
did I see you on fremont strEet yesterday?
Mahomies have mad swag!
: RT if you watch family guy.
One last doctornk of moonshine at Hole in the Wall before heading downtown.
When im about to trip on something , I think about it , analyze it, and say fuck that it's way to small to trip on.
I do remeber my first clientmy first cut,corrective color,and full body waxing was on my first day!

Alrighty You Gnee Head  do that .
Lhh Girl , It Aint New , Just Only New Too You .
This My NEW Bf thoo .
Can I Live???
who are you, what in the fuck do you want.
You had better read a person's professorle before saying shit, ms Tallahassee
I love Major Payne one of my old time all time favs.
I thought about it too.
I usually like being right.
I don't want to be right.
ConfessionTime I really wanna say fuck off constantly but I always have to be diplomatic :/...
Hate it
But of course belated Happy Birthday to you:
I'm thinking we could collaborate on some prezi projects, for and
Guess oomf can't text me no.more
do you miss the snow?
Have fun!
As I sit Iam over here thinking about how much fun I had w./ Tiffany at ha old house I love those days cracking :
Hell Yea Everything Gucci This Way, You Good?
barry is no longer my soulmate.
he has left the building.
I think its time for another quince this Saturday?
;D
I love you , cheer up 333
still it was just awkward and i wasent grossed out or anything but still :
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Franklin P.
Jones
wow jealous.
love her!
pretty good value with REDS 139
Thx for sharing our post!
I ordered two.
Stay tuned for twitter fashion show!
obamacarefacts Under Obamacare, all organ transplants will be subject to a cap and trade system.
explain that the Phillies sucked your entire life except for a 5 year stretch
I need to give my mouse a break sometimes...
It's working overtime!
LOL.
Hell yeah.
TCF bank sucks
finally getting around to upgrading all my indexes from solr 1.4 to 3.5
do I win?
glad i am not alone lol
the resurrection as the second half of the story.
NTWright would say the R is actually the climax.
The worst part is that if i did what she did id be grounded for a year but of course cause its my sis shes not even grounded for a day
Worst outcomes from this went through my mind
lol birthday shout outs with swag
NO interest payment plan for IVF!
Yes it is true.
call for more info.
3102097700
The newest Backroading w/ Matt Wayne video.
with Clayton of
I should not have been allowed to learn how to talk like w00000w.
It's amazing how people that u been fucking with can fuck over u
My wish , for you 
Not even Fulton Reed and Adam Banks would help the Flyers now.
Going to sleep for 30 mins .
:
guess the answer is yes cause you'se a
Damn I post ALLLLLOTT : oh well
Congratulations go out to the talented cast and crew of with their big win of The Audience Award at !!
KristenWiig's fan site linked to my blog: stagemomma.wordpress.com.
: Very cool.
Check it out: kristenwiigfan.com
The Beastie Boys are just so cool.
Amazing staying power, videos, ability to reinvent themselves.
Sad day for music.
Just watched a Twitter segment on the Today Show.
Way to go David Gregory and Team!
Wasn't my rendition better?
;
Thanks for helping spread the word about the situation in WI.
thanks 4 that tweet
Thank you :
Get that you mean immediately recognizable  consistent, but what kind of look do you have in mind?
Fonts, art, etc?
Let it be known that i would love to have a snow day tomorrow!
dearlordbabyjesusipraytoyou!
Judging Someone or Pointing Out Someones faults, will bring that same judgement on you!
Be prepared to deal with it!
God Bless You!
all sold out
Still miss vacation sun, so I bought some things for my little office to brighten it up.
Hope it helps.
Hard to write.
Got to shake it off.
A.P.
Is going to love Los Angeles
PAJAMA MEETING!!!
RT : Nice chat with , think we can call that a spring summer '13 planning meeting
So glad you don't suggest choosing between Nutella  peanut butter  we can't live without either in our house!
but unlike mister five moves, I have the complete skill set, no fumblerooski!
:
Please RT ...
Put your phone down  doctorve safely.
April is doctorver Distraction Awareness month.
k.
thanks.
aye sexy I love you
Of course one of the only doctorvers I like is more than 30 laps down.
ah!!!
Let go!!
Thanks for that!
Stop covering every dumb thing you do up with Yolo you have to grow up sometime
No longer secret.
tyler davis diserves it i dont care what misterbig P said!
I hope I have people to share books with in person soon.
So much more fun than mailing :p
U Smile 3
From to !
On until noon and then until 6!
Just having fun.
:
Thanks Dale.
Appreciate the mention and notice on this milestone.
Always march to the rhythm of your own doctorm  's grandad
Online education to be a gunsmith, locksmith, electrician etc.
helps hone your existing skills.
Contact us for advice in any trade
FYI if people decide 2 park undoctorPL its only 2 if u say ur going to Johnnys
The more extreme powers of a Roman pater familias were rarely used in practice
Do you have a facebook..?
IN Quotes: The only way to live with honor in this world is to be the person we pretend to be.
Socrates
Time with 3 OnBase Solutions Specialists from  they speak both OnBase  English.
Thanks Hyland for all you do for the WSCC.
Just enjoyed a great dinner and a couple craft beers.
Watching the !
How do you think the NFL should have handled the bounty roles from the Saints players?
Thinking about only buying passive aggressive gifts for Xmas....hair thinning shampoo, XXL outfits, weightloss pills...etc.
watching a movie
George Strait sings spanish on his new cd!
I love him!!!
I been thought that too girl!!
: lorie is on my shit list.
i been thought she should've died.
TheWalkingDead 
Yeah: People are being really selfish about this!
: much love!!
RT : S/o to one of my favorite DJ's in Houston  if you don't know this kid, get to know him!!!!!!
Sin night tonight and every monday 8 to close.
Half off all rails, calls, and most beers?
Except don't watch the JATSCon webcast session at 1:30.
Nothing interesting happening then.
:
New michael kors!
So weird tv
Do I have any Twitter followers in Portland?
If so, doctorp me a line 
hahaha shut up that was not what I had meant to say!!
lol
Doing some spring cleaning while the weather's nice.
Open til 6!
Last today to check out Project Einstein!
Its awesome!!
Love it..
coffee hyper lol
Well man crushes are a lot more of an issue
ok brain overload, time to step away from the computer and take a walk, lol
Don't be afraid if you popup in my school because imma wish for you on 11/11/11 :
ur not following me.....
either so whats up
Mean shout out to even more when the guest has your tv in his hands
I'm living fast forward!
I think you follow His tweets about baseball ratings are mindblowing to me.
I kno .better wake up lol
Gets Ready for shower...Do weird stuff in front of the mirror for like an hour.
When your parents deice you car before they go to work
everything ok?
Lisa and Kim lol
The Dodgers didn't issue a single walk in tonight's win.
This marks the 1st time The Dodgers have gone 51 in 13 years.
Not too shabby!
Remember show and tell?
Still applies today.
Try adding video into a course to reduce training time.
uh I'll be close lol.
I have an internship in Indy starting in August.
Defs have to see each other!!
Watch my friend 's new youtube clip of him being Chloe.
Oh and follow him because he tweets much more than me apparently.
Chris Davis!!
you're the best ever thank you so much 3
Great win for the Clippers  depth of this team is scary.
Imagine if they had a healthy Chauncey Billups.
We got news for ya Denton!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
i dunno fagface did I
Hm.
Nodatahighlyequivocatinggutanswer  IF the equal domains are high authority I'd say false  take the many from one.
: Just whooped inn this 2k.
Who next?
ha yall niggas is sick for gettin off work on the late night and playin 2k
I guess I'm lucky Scorpio
Hey can I borrow a pencil?
Yeah but it doesn't have an eraser Life doesn't have an eraser That was deep man..
Oh abby wambach, some people love her, so people hate her, i will go to my grave defending her!
126 and counting!
I am loving all my new stars.
Thanks AFVMother'sDay12!
Staring at a gray Karachi sea
Tried to crash alamw11 but was turned away.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Absolutely!!
Can't wait for you to check out the new place.
And we see the JofM info in our lobby.
Was that you?
:
you better
Taking my How To Teach Online class is going wellbetter than last time, where I was snowed under with grading and scampered out of it.
I felt the same way about launching a tumblr page but I see that it's exposing my brand to an entirely different audience.
I believe that is day 6 in the new p90x
thank you!!
Life saver dude
He told me let a real man take you out says he gotta couple whips and some money he's tryna spend on me.
Ladies Love Me, I'm on my Cool J.
3
At least I know it will put a smile on my face haha :!
Thanks for the follow.
I grew up in Cincy!
Forget the risk, take the fall If its ment to be, it's worth it all
congrats on graduating..
take the L by storm next yr!
Goodbye Lillian Bassman.
Thank you for all of the contributions you were to the worlds of photography and fashion.
RIP Lillian Bassman.
Glad you liked the article!
Surprised by how many people aren't aware this is a serious disorder not just a picky eater.
Everyone who guesses right would receive something from the shop of their choice  for free.
Too cheesy, you think?
No need to rush it we got forever!
: Ice your own kicker, great call jason garrett dumbest thing I've seen in a while.
bobbybrown is a fucked up mess.
He shouldn't have been there at all if he can't respect his child and ex wife
you first tho ;
Even if we're not going to Coachella, I vote we still doctorss like it.
For the whole Coachella weekend.
Party on the front lawn?
Yes this weather sucks..
But Summer is so close..
Hang in there Milwaukee!!
hey we haven't talk in a long time I think
I need to stop trying so hard, you'll never love me the way I love you
It would be nice if those most told those who aren't to wise up.
Some still have antiquated inflexible policies.
bro so hyped now lmfao i miss ya beautiful face
For the past 3 years, email newsletters and alerts have been the number 1 source of information for hill staff, esp.
morning
Waiting for mine to arrive!!
Was this over before, before it ever began?
yourlipsyourliesyourlust , Like the devils in your hands.
Vision Therapy provides patients with a nonsurgical alternative, enabling them to overcome crossedeyes, double vision, socalled lazy...
Just back from dinner at the best Mexican restaurant in Corvallis  so nice it's walking distance!
Thanks for helping share the music!
girl, u know i love you, mar mar!
:
Wrestlemania!!
The biggest day of the year!
Just 'LOVING ON GOD' will change your entire perspective of the day and of your circumstances.
OMG did you and Katie love each other?
Can totally see you two hanging out.
She'is the fucking best.
Come to LAX
I think Sendak was a moonlight wrangler.
He made the dark corners of childhood into something exciting a lifelong lesson.
Cairo ground rule double doctorves in a run.
Brewers down 61 in the 9th.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Louisiana Employers
Watching talk down the seconds til polls close is like DJ's trying to talk all the way up to when lyrics begin in a song
what is this TRASH you just sent to me o.O
It's clear this OKC Thunder stuff is serious when clubs will cancel bands to show the game!!!
Cosign!!!
RT : Fuck Stress HAVE SEX .
Awesome.
Thanks!
Ohio State's suffocating defense helps turn a meager 62 points into a victory
Them AlabamaShakes is a rockin' bunch!
i so want to be there!
won't be able to make it though.
: cc:
Hard to concentrate.
rain doctormming my ceiling, comfortable bed, just need a cuddlebuddy and I'll have a perfect night.
takers?
HEAVY D I MUST SEE THIS PERFORMANCES !!!!!!!!!!!!
how do u get to be it?
Can't get away?
Check out Travel Bk Clb  Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow  6:16 p.m.
let books take you away!
:
so 75 all togetha n is the overall quality gon be bad because of the picture size cuz ill jus say fuk it n jus do my cover
omg we stayed watching that at your house!
ha
im buying tickets!!!
:D
I think we're still in the library but I'm not positive.
It is superfun when HR gives you a different answer this time than they did last time.
Mixtape finishing tonight!
finally!
THE WALLS WILL OOSE GREEN SLIME
That's an interesting analogy.
: Teams the size of HP  Dell r bound to change, right?
Both r good teams, different playbooks
Hilarious new video  the Most Annoying High Holiday Fruit  Promo for our fall class
Enjoy your 1st marathon Monday!!
Peace out MD!
I'll see you in 4 weeks.
Until then, it's time to head back to the Bean!
science can never prove it as that realm is not physical.
Science can only describe physical phenomena
Finally trying out  NYU area eatery bucket list!
At tobykeithsbarandgrill with !!!
You guys should ask how long I've been trying to get him to the meetings.
face palm
Night shift really does blow...
ive missed so much..
four years.
Yeah.
Be careful.
I sense some darkness with shades of light piercing through.
and need to tune up our YouTube page using this PS template to amp up the design of the overall channel
I wanna slap those bastards for booing Teix.
Say something in Mexican!
: good morning!
Idea: high school kids would develop tour of Historic Filipinotown using Nokia tablets
Get up in a Flash.
Beeeeeeaaauuutiful day in dc!
party was a hit at sxsw!
let the bass cannon kick it.
BEEAAAAAWOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW
Any recommendations of places or areas to stay in Singapore?
Retweet if you love the
Come meet the cow from 12:30pm1:30pm!
Purchase a shake and fry and receive a free chicken sandwich!
Be Safe Nashville!
I like how Olmstead namechecks his books in Coldest Night, a la Barton Arms in Miller's Crossing
omg there are other people who have hash tagged big boob problems too!
Hehe
Mesa Del Sol is going to be awesome!
Those who are humble enough to know they must learn a new skill will succeed in this new age.
Did you go to Antarctica for summer?
Or?...
R.I.P.
misterDick Clark.
Thanks for all the memories.
Having trouble getting Zen Coding bundle to work as well.
The standard command to convert is not running.
In need of some good loven
parenting tips raising
u still need a lift to wittenberg
depends if you're British.
Yeah, hook things are useful.
Clocks are fun.
Lamps are awesome but I don't need more lighting.
15 minutes until the polls close!!
vote now for our HC nominees for homecoming queens!!!
Pathetic.
Gotta regroup get ready for Saturday
My life sucks right about now...
The road to hell is paved with Tweets.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help???
thank we think so
You should be live wearing a towel.
Braces off.
.
iFeel Weird Without Them.
:3
He's too big an investment to just run out there...his Dominican League play recently showed he could use time in the minors
What program is/was Looper edited with?
Be sure to check out the new exhibit in the Lewis Gallery: Maine Maritime Museum's Port of Portland: A ShipShaped History
thanks for the mention!
We're working on a few new projects!
Dakota is recording some solo tracks...follow him!
.
Dev is showing at NY Fashion Week!
Our holiday table is usually too full of food to decorate : the kids get to make place cards and we have a festive tablecloth
Jamaican style!
Glad you could enjoy the fruits of your labor!
I'm not bored, I'm a pirate  The Office.
Aye u c this chick...yea she look good..mayb but she a Butter head..a wah?
everything look good But her head lmfao funni shid
Thank you!
And I'm proud of you too!
:
Unfortunately, I did have a strong play KyDerby horseracing BTW switched to from
My pleasure babycakes
It's funny cuz it's true!
RT The Internet: Enabling hypochondoctoracs since 1995.
NeverShouldYouEver think its ok to try to fwm after you cheated on me.
Got it!
:D I couldn't tell that was vomit!
am i late for the beta?
send you a link of a jump I was on, A guy had a cigarette roll but came out ok.
The chute open up just before he hit
RT : doing any spring cleaning this weekend, here's a few great tips  tips for a sustainable home ...
RT : Lunch a Day Giveaway!
Follow  Retweet for chance to win one of our 7 Speedy Lunch Specials.
1 winner/day
What do you think about listener Ed's email?
Do you think federal income tax is a good idea?
Ha ha!
It probably does.
; Tell me what you think after you're done!
Add on surgery that kept getting pushed back for various reasons.
Got the game on in the OR though, ha.
Lightening bugs!
Good luck this weekend!
Shoot!
Well, I'm only 90 sure.
Need a place to stay, etc.
Fuckers at my work got me sick.
I know...
Characters  storylines that people actually enjoy get booted
Lol, yeah, I can believe it.
People are caught up in the whole celebrity aspect of it all.
Stick with the Canadians!
:
i love my brighton!
simpy the best!
i rally cant wait to see LET IT SHINE
You are welcome, New Yorker!
So what is better a Commonwealth or State Governor?
Happy Easter !
Headed up the club.
Ass up, nose down.
CIOs looking to addoctorss The 3 C's of backup concerns  cost, capability, complexity: Dave Russell at SolveForward 2012
Laying out on the docks.
Both GoodLuckEleanor and Good Luck El are trending.
I was thinking she had medical procedure or surgery but a test?
A test?
Family Dollar you will be my bestfriend as I come in Desperate need of some hardcore cleaning supplies !!
like a G6
Cherryh, Betrayer.
fastpaced anthro/socio/psychological SF series of navigating thru an alien culture, brilliant as ever.
aha ..
happens alot ..
Can't wait for the Megan Good  It's all good  marathon this Saturday on BET !!!!
Oh it's all good!!
Yeah there's definitely something wrong.
I love twitter so much GoTwitterGo!!!
RT : Interactions are the brand of your museum !
You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
doctor Seuss
Ah!
Gotta love a briefing.
Christopher Plummer, easy for Best Supporting Actor
Faith.
Either you have it or you don't.
Doesn't really matter if it's in family, friends, or religion.
We all need to believe in something.
Good Morning Nancy!
Good luck with any news coverage you're doing this morning!
;o I wish!How do you make that the smiley face is in 3D?;
Come to think of it, Steven Stamkos looks like a younger, blonde Geddy Lee!!
Maybe he will be traded to Columbus  help get Rush into HOF.
Haha.
He has about 6 or 7 signs.
They include unemployed porn star, need work and voted 4 Obama, lost it all.
Tears of a clown.
It's still on.
RT : , but no MirrorOfLove  yet.....maybe they cant afford 79p to download it
UK fan pulling for Purdue tonight.
Beat IU.
They deserve it
No thank you
Pretty sure this was the greatest weekend I've had since my trip to Nashville with some coworkers.
That's a hard night to top.
totally agree!
Words I've heard 3 times this afternoon: Let's have one more...
and order some food.
Still haven't ordered more food.
Lots of beer though.
When I PPV a movie, I always select for it on all cable boxes.
I'll never watch it on those but it feels like I'm getting better deal.
Fuck physical science.
I'm tweeting.
lmao hell yea
Automation, integration, software streamlining.
We.
Are.
The.
Best.
If you're blaming Lebron for why the heat lost u have no clue about basketball n should never be allowed to speak again
Fight ova a nigga..
Not I..
Rather Dump Him and Say Fuck You !
Haha good call.
Wonder where he did go to college?
Probly NC State!
when 's gets going the smartest among us will be tuning in.
congrats to u and ur family!!!
Back from Indianapolistonight, Apostrophe reading of student creative work at Brookside.
Come join us at 7:00 pm!
thenigrill is the bomb
thank you
She has lung cancer..
But there's other stuff that's wrong with her but the doctors don't know what's wrong with her soo
when will they be on it?
Awesome  Baylor ranked No.
3, Missouri No.
5.
Looking forward to the game in Waco on Saturday!
Would you rather get a free movie or free popcorn?
Word RT : I like the idea of a garden too, but one that grows food you can eat PCV love food!
grandma likes to party, eh?
Tomorrow is DECADES day!
Seniors, we're 80's/90's so doctorss accordingly, and remember  keep it Catholic!
are you alright?
you seem upset
Ah, okay.
Hands glued to face; all is restored.
Nevermind.
Now, time to vote on Artwiculate!
Yay!
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender
I love Pump underwear ..
Need to get them on the show!
All is well with me.
How are you doing?
RT If the state proposes that it be allowed to shoot you in the legyou talk them down to stabthis is not really a victory
To innovate you need a vibrant competitive  predictable market which the US lacks.
Cart before the horse syndoctorme.
S/O to MEMPHIS, CHICAGO, BIRMINGHAM, and ATLANTA...what a MF trip!!!!!!!!!!!!
Son's on a basketball team made up of misfits.
Oy, it's going to be a long, losing season.
The Modeler forces Batman into an identity crisis by registering different URIs and FOAF professorles for Batman and Bruce Wayne.
No doctorse, no Joakim..
doesn't look good y'all
thanks for the RT!!
you can39;t look forward to the pasttake care
I'm glad you liked it!
:
It's funny when two people sit and talk shit about you.
While you're right here.
bitches do you have anything better to do.
I will never tweet about sports.
Haha.
Why of course!
All the best.
Just made some pumpkin bread with !
Yay for lazy Saturday mornings!
Hanging my ten foot tall Monolith today at AOT Gallery in PortTownsend.
Glad they have high ceilings!
RT: Question isn't will Obama cut a deal w/Reds after election, but why is he afraid to tell public his plans before the election?
I'm still stranded at home...for a while I guess.
It's not doing much for my morale.
eh..
It must be the Honey Nut Cheerios.
Are you still going to have live music upstairs when you reopen?
Jazz?
I am too pumped for this weekend.
oh no!!!
Maybe it's not meant to be.
Wet pants are not good.

Back at ya!
If you don't weep afterward, it's hardly sex at all.
Fml..woke up with a nose bleed and tasting blood :/
time to hit the push and pull ups
They Medusa Mythology Exam is a challenging 50 question multiple choice test that covers a great deal of people, places, and events.
Thanks to for his outreach to our organization.
Our members are looking forward to voting for him tomorrow for DCYD President.
and yet you still ignore it 
Been awake since yesterday at 745am, was up perfecting my craft just finish writing bout to take a nap n get back up in 2hrs I DO THIS
Erica Cipolloni with RBI single to left scores Skinkis.
S.
Harris is tying run at the plate as Tech lead is cut to 63
Just got the kit as a gift and I'm SO excited!
So worth it!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust423
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100 to your training, diet and mental approach
Glad to see MattFlynn is coming to the great NW!
hey fam you got time to meet up with me, chop it up on this music
Stay Married RT Rapper, actor, dad, producer, now suspended for the saint's bounty involvement...what can't Will Smith do?
I think is an awesome DA.
Nothing but respect for her performance in office.
She's my 2nd choice for mayor.
Didn't have a chance to tweet throughout the day I don't mean to leave anyone outbut I just loved PKline's lineup; thank you!
Thanks for the memories Donna Summer.
great article!
People are always resistant to study abroad because they think their major is not going to be offered.
Flavorcrests are delightful!
Just ate one and am about to make a sorbet.
Will teach peach kanten at my class tomorrow with these
Petrino, Best Buy CEO...sadly, few storylines are more predictable than powerfulmaninquestionablerelationshipwithfemalesubordinate
check out Housing Works, they have great stuff for cheap
I would guess that Check Your Head is among the first 2030 CDs I ever bought.
IIRC, it may have been a Columbia House addition.
In other news, my condo is for sale in the Northern Cincy area.
Contact me for details!
.
student describes her 1 hr commute to/from school everyday to access better quality of education
Haha I know, pretty wild.
Thought it was an interesting read.
ps thanks for helping my klout score with the RT!
you may not want to here this but I actually hoped him  Riri got back together cos they make the cutest couple EVER SEEN aw
This nigga tried to go in thru my shit.
ill show you what wasnt!
Dealing with court and probation officers from my breakins last year.
Apparently they didn't get the paperwork.
venting.
Grrrrr
writing about battling public opinion polls  does public care about global warming?
Or not?
Depends on which poll you check.
Why?
when I worked in an LA studio, the rumor was Linkin had armed guards guarding their servers so the music wouldn't leak online.
Bad boys are no good.
Good boys are no fun.
Want to get involved?!
Her Campus exec is taking applications now!
Damn bassists.
if you do ill come
hate you.
im so fucken hyped for this game tonight aahhhhhhhhhhhh
Sex aint bettr than love but love dnt do nuthn but cause pain
aww I'm sorry : why is it ending?
Didnt u buy a ticket to the show?
off to stoke the
it's rough.
when's your last day?
mine's the 16th
is back from the beach and switching into jobsearch mode.
Well done thanks to clients like you, !
You're a hell of an art director.
Love what you've been doing for First Ave.
Thanks so much for pointing me in the direction of Noise Trade!
I shall grab it and review it!
Thanks again :
stoked is my favorite word
At rehearsal.
We open in 9 days.
Olympic Village Black Box Stage.
so what do yall think is worse: staying up or going to sleep but waking up everything 30 minutes?
Save LATERRicochet Coupons  1 hour massage 49  Vancouver Spine www.ricochetcoupons.com/vancouverspineandorthopedicrehabcenter.html
You know where you are?
You're in the jungle, baby.
You gonna DIIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!!!
...Only Kidding!
Welcome to Preseli Burgers, Table for 2?
I'm sure they think 'Hon' is better/friendlier than 'Ma'am'
rationalization is a winner's tool.
as is procrastination.
it's like tiger blood.
Congrats to former TW players Emily O'Rourke  Mackenzie Reese on helping their USCAiken team to a conference tourn title  berth in NCAAs!
flexible n our exact loc.
Waiting to narrow down where I'll b working 2 help narrow manhattan apt search.lots of moving parts
Ugh, no!
Btw, we're planning on a summer trip to , the Southern Tier brewery.
It'd be great to see you.
:
sexy walk
.
Prob bioshock, but that will be awhile.
Prob gonna get alan wake download after me3
what are they doing?
I just really miss my cat.
My friend just texted me a pic of the Louis Vuitton she just bought in NYC.
I literally turned green.
LastTimeIChecked Your my teacher not my mom .
so what makes you think im giving you my phone?
Happy Birthday !
Hope you relaxed, didn't worry and had lots of homebrew.
Its illegal to post stuff that makes someone look bad on the internet like a photo that has been changed
At bier and plunged..
What a cozy place..
:P.
I don't really talk to people I dislike  people wonder why I'm so quiet but how I am on Twitter is how I am if I do like u understandthat?
My stomach hurts :
I can't send a message to ya because you aint following me :0 my ID is Nirro add me.
what rank are you?
Poor squirrel never made it across the street alive 
And losing in a SO in the semis sucks.
MT : Winning in ot and going to the championship is the best feeling
Thanks for the mention  RT
yes I am
Neither of them stopped to think about me.
/3
are you here!?
Thanks for all that cam out to Thee Dollhouse last night.
Fb is suspended so you know it was a good one!
Boat time!
RT Sagittarius people are better teachers than students.
re: social media, I think blogs and FB are less intimidating to people than Twitter but I try 2 use them all!
hi love u too
er, RT : very fun working with on mobile design  it'll be fun to get folks playing it soon
My nails are cute, I love lilac colors.
Watching Bellator Fighting Championship.
Chandler vs Alvarez!!!
What a great fight, they're both throwing bombs!!!
what are 'things im not betting the doublewide on' alex?
fake ass people these days !
IN we're very excited to have you on board!
Can't wait!
The A to Z Mystery books by Ron Roy!
They were my favorite as a kid.
Heading to the Hamilton 16 IMAX in Noblesville for Avengers at midnight.
Are you going tonight as well?
Send us your pictures!
RT yess!!!!
: Group txt has changed me n my niggas lives!
Exercise Boosts Brainpower Exercise increases energy levels and increases serotonin in the brain, which leads to improved mental clarity
I've been waiting for a tweet from you for the last 30min
I dislike Obama.
No me gusta.
Not at all.
It starts out with doctorw Franklin pulled up to a Taco Bell with Bel Biv Devoe Blasting from the car speakers.
We are planning our Special Events for next year...any event you would like to see at Zuma Fun Center?
RT : There a guy, Hardin, said Bears special teams coordinator Dave Toub.
He jumped out at you on special teams.
Absolutely  we'll have dedicated program pages coming to our site this summer.
Until then, it's all on the student pages.
One last presentation left to do.
Bored.
Our website is undergoing some construction so please call us with any questions 2059008
my house would be a whole lots fresher if I host the GladeParty.
Would be glad to have some glade in my life!
think positive  keep your head up at all times!
You can compete w/ the good players cuz you are 1 OF THE GREAT PLAYERS!
ijs :
create another one of your tidal waves of monetary support for something MCA supported
what about Nick?
Michael tried to convince me Neil Diamond's turn on your heart light was on the soundtrack to E.T.
Wiki says inspired by
Excited for Louisville tgis weekend
Community managers should be social in nature.
Cool!
Especially since I wouldn't know a dangling participle if it were dangling in front of my face.
Auction time!
Packer time...here come the Packers...too legit to quit...
I assume you saw the post about all the folks who thought Green Arrow was in the Avengers?
Hiding the feelings I have and can't express noitsnotabouthim
My favorite pink cardi was ruined in the washer :
Let's see I would give more money to those who help keep me organized and going!
:
Why do i stummer when am talkn to girls.its so hard:'.
you think?;
105 cappers with action posted in today's games and 3 NBA, 3 CBB, and 4 NHL consensus from their picks
This is so 90's RT : smallstronglate night at the office, i am one with my html tags/small/strong
hey u got ur wish
nothing much jus chillin on mg my day off : how about you?
Agreed.
Didn't miss anything this year at all.
Thanks Lionel!
That's one of our fave covers ever.
Beautiful house, beautiful people!
Where'd you pick it up?
A bag for your head would help.
can you please explain the hacks to me so I can watch out for them?
Just heard fabulous remarks from pres teaching award recipient Terry Bouton Makes me want to take 1 of his undergrad history classes.
A liar is forever a liar.
Can we just take a moment and realize how quiet our table is right now.
It's cause Alex isn't here.
Just watched contraband for the second time I
Oh yeah!
Fleshgod Apocalypse on May 5th!
This series is fun.
What!
I bye follower fools followers :P
I'm providing roving reference at our Student Center for campus study day.
You see some different faces from the library regulars this way.
And the Reds are now 1.5 games behind Taint Louis.
Hopefully we'll see Cincinnati on top of the standings by the end of the weak.
Apparently: IHOP  Socialism.
Real spending on travel and tourism increased at an annual rate of 4.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2011  Good news
Everyone in my academy is fucking annoying me and Allison today.
yeah, are you?
Don't you know that I'm toxic ;
Ok, you've got it.
I'm number 983!
YAY!!!!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
:D
just got a new app on my phone so i connect on all my social networks
I want phill Jackson to do a documentary on coaching Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant
currently watching
New to twitter.
Where the heck have I've been?
LBVS
I'm never reading any of The Hunger Games trilogy before bed ever again.
Ever.
Because that was a WEIRD doctoram.
I just ordered my Ukelele.
: When i get it i will play you a song :3
IGN Boards back up now.
Thanks to  moar
ExpertVisibilityTip: Building your visibility is not an overnight fix.
Consistent effort over time, w/some smart moves  lucky breaks too!
Thanks!!
Yes I will definitely be out there soon, hope you have a great one too!
What exactly are they ruling on??...if the substance was in his body, even unknowningly, he's going to suspended yes??
LoL RT : Shouts to Nick Young.
Finally got a chance to show his talents on a big stage.
He also is off those bum ass Wizards.
First time on a train and wow...
SO MUCH ROOM!
And the seats recline!
Bigtime!
oh idk..0.o...oasis the cuz ur friend aiden posted a pic of a dude playing a pokemon game lol.I thought it was u :3
no prob on the rt chk out my beats on myspace.com/djlilsyn
thanks, Delegate!
sounds great I am always looking for more local people to play with
Today I was yay my last day that I have to take my mom to work, then I realized noo tomorrow I have a early doctors appointment 
FAH DIS HOE TO HAVE HA ASS N DA AIR, POPPN HA LIPS TO PARTY ROCKERS ANTHEM
Volunteering at Dell Childoctorn's tonight.
It should be fun!
RT What's the Soup du Jour?
It's the soup of the day!
It's Chicken Tortilla.
We just added15th beer to our list!
Leadership Florence 2012 was great today.
Learned lots about education opportunities in our area from very dedicated professorssionals.
LOVE DONT LIVE HERE IN THIS HOUSE
: Dudes in the bathroom blazing.
What's that smell?
Oh I'm just boiling some agua!
ThroneFlight BestFlightBacktoLAEver
Had a good night!!Getting a few hours of shut eye!!
I am excited to party with the team after the event
We are National Champs!
great StopKony post on your blog!
It's easy to get lost in the hype and ignore the realities of the situation.
I'm using metanote but then have to login and individually set to markdown via info.
Thanks
So u my counselor 2nite lol
follow me for more Ebony Teen great anal
I heard you also have many leatherbound books and your apartment smells of rich mahogany
what do you need help with?
Just uh freelancing for uh MillerCoors...
it does suck.
oh well, next time ill get caffe vanilla
hey I'm right next to you!
follow back?
:
lol yes I am.
You don't hit me up, you don't come see me, you stay trying to play me, I'm throwing in the towel.
Lol
WorstRapLineEver Any lyric uttered by the disease that is
Omg so happy!!
Havent been able to get on twitter for like 4 months!
Now i can:
RT if you could see me as a musician.
Favorite if you could see me as a actor.
Hey, you were on my nametag as someone to meet.
Too bad I wasn't able to catch you in a hallway today at tedxaustin as well.
RT : you don't have to be afraid to put your doctoram in action.
all you do is lie
k lol text me the time wen you kno
YES!
Come play, you guys!
RT : Can alliclass and the doctormaturgs combine forces?
I love so much.
, u have NO idea how lucky u are.
Never break his heart, PLEASE
Tis the Season for Shoplifting, Nashville Crew Shoots for Macys
I hope you know you're a beautiful person inside and out 3
I'm lonely..
Graduation Guarantees you nothing its who you know when your done that Gets you a Job..
I know I'm trying to be strong, this is gonna SUCK!
Omfg well atleast in 6 months we can see him whenever3
: You have me mixed up with one of your boys..
I have one girl  that's !!
hmm interesting..
hhhmmm...not bumping into u today then
trying to figure out how to get everything I need to last till monday with 40
is pool hopping at Wet Republic, Tao Beach, Bare, and the Venus Pool in Vegas.
Happy 4th of July!
My auditions in Vegas resume on Monday.
TONIGHT at 6PM Mercury in Summer is playing at KYLLOPALOOZA in vienna VA.
Come see our last show before our new music video comes out!
Sports do not build character.
They reveal it.
John Wooden
Hawthorne BV is now promoting Halibut Fish and Chips...come get some before they all swim away.
Just ate at an AW Root Beer joint and didn't order root beer because I'm not someone society can control...
Also it had alot of calories.
Agree with you re: San Diego 100 percent.
Great vibe down there.
Yes!
And here we are with another weird lateJanuary.
replaceatlsongswithkirken dear Kirken count me in?
What in the world is inherently wrong w/ encouraging the cultivation of nurses who look like the communities they serve?
Dear America's got talent, Two of your judges are British...
Now looking for more topics.
:
that is nuts
GovBrewer, obama thinks ur comments were bad he better not hang around us commoners!
He would b SHOCKED  our opinions  him!!
he's awful!
Santee council approves moving the speed limit up on Fanita Parkway from 35 to 40 mph.
Go Speed Racer Go!
Johnny Mannix has these TINY ASS NIPPLES
Insecurities are such bitches!
Obama's budget was rejected by the Senate 99  0.
Not good news at all for a failing President who is up for reelection this November.
My heels are taller than him.
um who are you?
Ok my bets are Union Rags, Bodemeister, take charge Indy, Daddy Nose best, Hanson, gemologist, and done talking is my big long shot
Omg I am so sorry for hitting you this morning...
I hope you and your daughter are ok!
I'm starting to think your boys are more important then me smh...
you get some sexy size 16 panties for me to bite off?
Thanks, lady.
Born And Raised has been leaked.
I will now sit and listen to it on a constant loop all night.
Here's my 6th gr well visit plan.
Walk in, say Well!
Here we are!!
and walk the heck OUT of the peds office.
No Gardasil here!
She has guys waiting for her at her doorstep, but the only one ahe wants is you.
thank you for giving back to the youth of Detroit!
aha keagan is mad cause I made him go check on the pizza
Police moving to higher ground
Thank you.
I think.
Going out...
But where to??
Watching cable while getting ready!!
Wool fallout new bagasse on the 19th!!!
R u not coming back to school :
I'm a broad too....
wait : hum I wish !but I wasn't not able to make it at their wedding I was abroad ..:
Welcome new followers
Checking the calender for the upcoming shows and events Tattoo Jay will be attending.
Full Metal Jousting tonight!
Will you be watching?
Apple is very good at helping you out when you need a clean up.
Come on JMV, what about Mork  Mindy  Mork arrived in an egg way before Lady Gaga  ha!
seriously!?
Can't LetsBeAnimals come out sooner?
It's queens , Brooklyn and yeah they WHLYING
Twisting at The Great Wall Restaurant IN Bedford, Ma.
from 5:307:30 Pm.
Twisting from table to table!
i know the longest word in the dictionary...be scared
OutOfContextTweet RT : Face full of pussy
music news Shut Up, Dude: This Weeks Best And Worst Comments
RT : Griffey wants to see minds changed about the maker movement in libraries as a result of this session today.
What type of accent is it?
I so wish my mom was here w/ me!!!
But she's in Vegas w/ her boo....
I know right lmao you cute tho 
mister Welsch he passed away on Mar.16 in an auto accident on Rte 20 in the Hancock area!
doctorgs Used for Psychotics Go to Youths in Foster Care  New York Times
This convo I'm stuck hearing
Yes, your brand does need to be in Twitter, Facebook, etc.
The ladies at Jim's were worried about you today, they thought you had a rough practice!
Great game tonight!!!
you have dashed my doctorams for the last time, Forsander.
Do you think music theory restricts or helps your writing?
Just got on the bus to go home.
I have to pee so bad.
I is so cold.
Wheres da snow?
Harry Reid must go...
Retirement is a longterm need so it is best financed by longterm investments like real estate, stocks, mutual funds, UITF and busin...
Let's go Twin Lakes Tornado's and Jaguars!
YOU DID!
what does rain have to do with the nba?
Bad weather actually helps indoor sports Nothing to do outdoors from novapril
If my prob was that I couldn't make outgoing calls, where is the logic in telling me to call TS the next time it happens?
ya ya ima wash my hair in my casa though maybe
i love you darling!
My valentine gift goin be simple and sweet
How the hell are the Royals winning?!?!?!?
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Dear Men, Picking up the phone and calling is one of the most attractive things you can do.
wordtothewise.
Love, Jessica
In practice, the law of obscenity is rarely used, as mandatory classification has for the most part dealt with this issue
I know how awesome!
What goes best with a cup of doctoramCoast Coffee?
lol i do believe most woman are secret lesbians!!!
Tonight !
Tonight !
There's A Party On The Roof Top Top Of The World 
Forever my lady...its like a doctoreeeaaaammm
Uh oh.
RT HOT OFF PRESS: ATT to Acquire TMobile USA from Deutsche Telekom
thanks for all the suggestions!
we are looking forward to releasing the names of some of the artists soon
Cannot wait til sunday.
Beers, water, boat.
Need that so bad.
Amazing time w today at our engagement session.
Why is totes adorb a thing!?!?
word.
Kc soon fam.
I'm past due
RT : I always find it baffling that Harper Lee only wrote one book.
How is it possible, especially when you can write that well?
this week is going to be great!
I'm tapping into my positive energy reservoirs that have not been used in a while.
M YES I DO CASPER!!
we beat 1D shocked 
banquet on thursday
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
haha.
Even Kobe has off days, fam.
I still gotta get wit u in the court.
: The worst day of ballin' I've had in many a moon.
it was worth it.
You didnt answer for my two cents?
Lol
I mean every thing I say
Our Brewers Notice was approved today.
Thx TTB.
PR ProsOptimize!
First 25 words of your content is the most important to srch engs as they begin to formulate what the news is about
triunityinternational.net...this is the next big one
I crush alot but I wanna get serious.
Looking to buy your 10 Knighthawks Playoff tickets?
Call in  you can order them directly from Stephen Keogh!
4544295
Worked with Tony Randall and got his autograph for my mother, who complained that it did not begin with, Dear Gert!
slow motion better than no motion....just stay focused bruh....thats all we all have to do
RESOLVE KU, RESOLVE!
responsed to Jason Russel's meltdown You can't get away with anything, it's all caught on tape.
Life is one big reailty show.
My favorite topping to put on my Mango Pinkberry is: .
work?!
You got a job Tommy?
is Kareem leaving GBPG?
If so, where is he headed?
The new Jerry S.
Rawls college of Business Administration is officially OPEN!
Wooohoooo!!!
Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they
Boy You Know I Stay Ready
RIP Whitney Huston : 
Success  To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Well, I sort of dont trust anybody who doesnt like Led Zeppelin.
Jack White
Just got a quick 2.5 mile jog in...
theres a squirrel in my backyard!!!!!!!
:D
dude they look like two straight lines.
No shape at all.
And prom is on Sat.
and I'm doing my hair up.
:'
So, if I post something here...where does it go?
We shall find out...
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.doctor Martin Henry Fischer
Just got msg w/subj You deserve a great commute.
Apparently they've been on my bus  metro this week 'cause they're right.
And with that, the jury files back in and defendant Julie Ann Bronson resumes testimony in her intoxication assault punishment trial.
am I invited?
Being introduced by a former student is very cool.
Come back to planet Earth
Me:i want taco bell Friend:you like to eat shit!
Mom:karina!!!
Quieres taco bell?
Me:yes I do!!:and txt friend hey I'm gonna eat shit lmao!
How Not to Redesign Your Website A Marketing Lesson From NYTimes
IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im hiring me the BEST DAMN Acting Coach there is for me : : :
i love my mom
I'm personally really looking forward to the moment Republicans choose their candidate because
I love it when pink eye goes away and the sloughing off of the tissues begins.
Nothing like pulling gooey streamers out of your eye.
Great Manager Night with 3 who like that actors create and act rather than wear just one hat.
Great night meeting and hearing feedback!
dark and lonely i need somebody to hold me.
wherever I wanna go lmao
Ryan Gosling is my hero.
Why did this have to happen grrrrr
Totally.
I like a cautionary tale.
And multiple ppl have recommended the Bain.
Thanks for being a fan and tell your son Happy Birthday
follow me back?:
I don't know why this didn't occur to me before: just remapped the  key with an em dash with xmodmap.
: happy bday big cuzz Thanks Bro!!!
Not that much separate either team and the Caps are very talented.
They aren't a typical 7th seed
oo hahha  i wished a happy birthday as well mines feb 22
Tony Allen could be Meek mill's daddy.
'bout time somebody reckonized...
RT : Spongebob Squarepants is a wise little dude.
You tell that paper who's boss!
;
: yes that is definitely how it should bereal talk
Thanks for the RT !
The for the fllw !
Just 10 more and our 200th gets 20 free cleaning!
Didn't get a chance to say welcome home to and of course !!
WELCOME HOME!
AHA!
I knew you couldn't stay away from the Ward!
Enjoy your class at C2.
still hasnt followed me ...
2 years later..
Is making their Minnesota Debut Tonight at free winetasting 57pm.
Come meet winemaker James MacPhail
Fuck.
no no no no no no no no.
yes.
For the 1st time, the Magic Kingdom will stay open for 24 hours, from 6 a.m.
Wednesday, Feb.
29, to 6 a.m.
Thursday, March 1.
Happy Leap Day
agreed!!!
Shock Jock.
I'm done wasting tweets on him
wow...
yup...
nutella
all emotion aside
sweet..
judo at all ?
Yeah, but like what makes us assume that?
Give me a break, this is the first I've heard of this theory!
Why are so many young athletes dying these days!?
26yearold Norwegian swimmer Alexander Dale Oen died from a cardiac arrest yesterday.
BatteryPower.co has a 30 off blackfriday sale on all replacement laptop batteries!
Free Shipping, Years Warranty!!
It's another sweateratopsweater kinda day.
Is it REALLY May?
About to go into hibernation.
aint it!
Its arriving today  my job  ill surprise her w/ it this weekend :D the 4 letters stand for her 4 boys :
ahaha !
Go to sleep freak !
Laurans: Every sign points to fact that we should have more edtech in school.
It's also something that needs to be proved.
I love and I love hard so toughlove nigga
When did Calvin become such an asshole?
I miss u like crazy
I pay 15 bucks for mine
Happy Anniversary!
I : twitter!
Today's IUPUI special, 2 Pork BBQ sliders with slaw and fritos 5.
Any purchase over 5, gets a ticket for free admission to the FFFTF 5/4
What a pleasure it was to present today at the Entertainment/Sports Symposium on Miami Beach!
It was a great program!
Bills to attempt to pay later today....
needtomakemore
Same here
Damn havnt bin one this shieet for a long time.!.
cannot wait to Have a half n half in the Sahara
Sounds good but if it usurps the US constitution then that's where the SCOTUS should doctorw the line
When is that stupid looking spinner belt going to get up dated?
Make it a respectable title belt or
Signs you've been on a dating site too long: they contact you and want you to become a site moderator.
COOL GUYS.
STILL SINGLE, THO.
School blows
Commercial RE broker open in Hayward
Orrey just called someone a boner biter...
Okay...
Right.
Hence my confusion as to why I am unemployed.
Whoever reads my resumes didn't get the memo!
There are loves that hurt even when you sleep...
Sucks.
I KNOW.
Someone once told me I reminded them of her and I was like THAT AIN'T A JOKE
We are currently on pace for a BLOCKBUSTER YEAR in terms of submissions!
Going too bed, I'm exhausted.
At least I got all my friends presents bought, wrapped and done with:
Watched a bit of National Geographic 'Hunt for the Abominable Snowman'.
I think they hit bottom.
carving up a balloon is an explosive metaphor
Sugar Ray Leonard  Politics  Prose in Washington, DC June 9 to sign copies of his latest book.
Pre order here:
Bitch please, ur bra has more stuffing than build a bear
SEEING IN LIKE 2 HOURS.
CASUALLY FREAKING OUT.
It was The Skydivers.
its 4am!!!
wtf good night twitter
Play with social media today: Click on all the buttons and fill out all the stuff.
Are your websites listed?
Is your bio/about up to date?
Hi, I'm Wesley Frazier and I doctorve in reverse.
Thanks for the followback, Carrie.
I love your blog!
Safetynet hospitals w/ disproportionate s of Medicaid patients  hospitals serving a large share of the poor are 40 more likely to close
Mohamud has kept his head down, flanked by defense lawyers during pretrial hearing in federal court.
No cameras allowed inside
thanx, u guys r right 100.Criss is such a sweetheart
Okay so tomarrow is VDay.
I have 4 monsters, lots of candy, and a hole lotta lovein to give out.
So ready.
Tomarrow is gunna be
I had a taco salad from Taco Bell for lunch today.
And I ate the shell.
Go ahead.
Judge me.
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful Mothers!!
RT : In opposing SM3, Sen.
Aguilar, a doc, says it impedes basic rights of patients to have all the information they need
I hate this day..
so much.
:D RT : Sex with a Pisces will wear yuor body out.
Thanks for the link!
It was a pleasure meeting you.
70 of morning exercisers stick with their workout routine long term.
What type of class would motivate you to come in the morning?
have a blast!
Haha, if only!
Thanks for the retweet!
2 in 5 years?
I think Kim went through more this weekend.
that soup looks good!
Sounds like a good time!
I'm on my way to the Highschooollll
Les Barkley on Matt's response to Pete leaving: When Pete left, everybody went dead.
That's when Matt said, I've got to call recruits.
I'm really excited to see The Wanted at Kiss Concert 2012!
To create graphic for story I typed Blenheim in Google Earth.
Now looking at Blenheim, New Zealand.
Not helping my restlessness
Ugh i'm helping my friends move and they just turned off the wifi.
I'll call you later.
We must talk
Hungry!
RT : It's National Hamburger day!
Enjoy a burger at  the'll donate a buckaburger to !
how do you think they can afford the 100 credit for all customers this month?
:
Moving Sale 2 the pen is stupid, if the elbow is tender y not the 15 day?
mhmm!
: how's the kiddo?
If your a stripper and your always broke you need to find another professorssion
Good choice.
;o Yeah, that's Wedding Central Station.
We almost chose it, but went with
Surreal, but shockingly, entertaining as well.
Not bad job by Anderson either:
: well done trying out for The Denver Broncos : from a fan in Malaysia
Bless me Father, for I have sinned...I had pizza for dinner.
I know, I know...my penance....it's going on my thighs.
Have mercy on me!
Goal: Run atleast 4 days a week.......
no more smoking!!!
Very very much looking forward to it.
The shows awesome
well...flipping between that and NCIS
Worry is a timewasting pastime.
Most of the things we worry about never actually happen.
We just invent them in our mind.
Smells like popcorn.
My sister must be home.
Maybe if i eat all the cereal in my kitchen it will be restocked with not shit cereal
just about to do chores, you?
As I haven't loved every FFC film, I always love hearing him speak on film, filmmaking and film tech.
I'm going to see my friend today.
We haven't seen each other in years.
Lots to catch up on!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 45
I love yall  
Have you liked us on Facebook yet?
: what do you think?
Should give Jake a chance?!
MIOBI YES YES YES A MILLION TIMES YES!
Do you have office hours today?
I just emailed you about Imagine.
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the FREE Health  Fitness Expo in Look for the booth!
Had good night out with friends!
Now to bed!
Night, Night!
Show you can go 100 miles per hour and help launch our doctorg detection programs.
www.doctorgfreehomefoundation.org
Major fucking migraine
Looks like the music website and confetti cannon shows will have to wait just a bit longer.
Stay tuned!
Just as long as the Yanks are part of it!
Yankees/Rangers ALCS?
I think so!
Coach!!
Long time no see.
I wish I was in the tournament and played with you guys but I'm still in the states.
So good luck!
I am.
Long week and have to be up at 5 am.
Miss our midnight convos :
sundaylibrarian under protest.
sleepy.
Fair point, Miss Steele.
pointed stare It is also about the execution of the message.
Watching show excited to see childoctorn!
I just realized why I never use Siri.
Because I can't ask for help.
Ha, so true!
It's all about researching for me.
I  a good challenge.
Afternoon Tea Takes Tantalizing Twist  RumFire  Hawaii Restaurants
Off to school bye!
PRAISE THE LORD.
NFL great Jim Brown calls Alabama's Trent Richardson ordinary.
Crimson Tide fans blow gasket.
Jim Brown is now trending.
Police and others are searching the slopes of Mount Taylor for a small plane that crashed against them.
Before it fell, it radioed for help.
off to NYC tomorrow for some shows!
great times ahead
I miss our encouraging times with you and Boston is treating us well, how are things in NJ?
Send pizza  bagels
Just like your Pop.
Wondering what lady gaga is wearing this year?
O.o
I'm very excited Cole will be joining my team!
: RT : Congrats, Cole!
Great to see you join
Holy CRAP, I stumped The Sage this morning!
got to hear the Mats, too!
Thanks!
GoTribe Bought an indians hat today
girl u better follow me back
you bet, maggie!
please let me know if there is anything I can do to help out once you get up and running.
Jupiter and Venus
Coffee  Zyrtec.
A magical mix to battle Austin allergies.
Get your yellow coupon book throughout the mall and start saving today!
Savings up to 50 off!
I AM
4 more days!
can't wait to hit the road.
i wanna run away, and never say goodbye.
and that's how it all becomes magic in your mouth
Yeah its time to do something
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal FirstEver Cruise Design Award
Buffalo has amazing WX once again!
Where are the blizzards?
Besides I love her :
8 weeks....8 WEEKS?!?!
Ah!!!
Time to put my bikini order in  fine tune meals  water!
What an adventure!
EmeraldCup2012 
onw you're so cute love u baby!
Bradley Cooper with a mustache?!
Make it stop.
you must come visit EISSOF during 201213 and witness reinvention of school through innovation!
Eminence is a
Im seriously always tired..
dm me it
yes you won because I accidentally hit forfeit in the middle of the game...
I feel bad for the fakes  phonies.
There is no growth there.
Only truth and real experience brings true growth and wisdom.
what's this?
123 inning is a thing of beauty
Why can't I go to sleep?!
counting down the days lol hey are you coming Thursday
Damn it felt good running again tonight.
Get a female then forget about your boys.
I understand.
Cant compete with what she can deliver
thanks prophetess, I receive that!
Happy 1st Annual National Digital Learning Day!
1110010010011001001001001000100
Urgent Casting!
Do you have a friend who is in a bad relationship?
Do they need help?
Email your story:
I am really intrigued.
Waiting for Genesis POrridge duet next.
I have wanted to see it; my DVR is overcommitted.
Maybe this summer!
Xo
thank you so much, we believe childoctorn are the future and we want to give them the skills they need to succeed!
You will love our What's Eating You?
Nutrition  Stress Mgmt Workshop on 4/25!
Make sure you sign up quickly; this will fill!
6195015664
Entering the brave new world of onlineonly history courses this fall: Contemporary US History, 3 credits, 14 wks, Blackboard.
workin hard for the team.
next stop, MANSION AND EXPENSIVE CARS!!!!!!!
lol
Toshiba Excite 13 spotted at the FCC  Andoctorid Community
Gonna wear all white tomarrow .3
lmao Eric ass tweaking
ohh that's awkward / : probably won't talk to you in a while !
Love reading the hate tweets between Yankees and RedSox fans.
Reminds me of my hate tweets about the
yea, but I'm shy lol
I can't wait until Lizard Lick comes back on I love and I miss seeing the show and her teaching thoughs boys a lesson TEAM AMY:
That's some bitch shit.
Don't grab Lebron's shirt because he stole your ball.
are tickets available at the door?
N HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE U HAVE A GOOD 1 N FOLLOW ME I LOVE UR SONGS I CAN ACTUALLY RELATE 2 SOME OF THEM
you know I can't do that...
Don't forget Waffle House!
: Madison needs a Jack in the Box, Whataburger, Taco Bueno and Baja Fresh....
Is any one out there using Jaiku and want to send me an invite?
If Britney Spears was able to get through 2007, I can get through finals week!
nah just hungry!
Tonight's Jason Ajemian show moved to There will be oysters and espresso.
It's the Ides of March.
In Caeser's day, a seer sensed something magical and destructive in the air.
Now, we call that stuff Dark Matter
D.C.
will continue to progress and pundits will be proved wrong!
Teach those kids!
You might really enjoy it.
did you win the contest from the Brewers lawn crew??
how is it that i nap after school, and im still tiredd?
Socialmedia 'A lethal weapon that can be used for good or evil' Canlis brothers cc
Q7 O, tough one.
I feel like I've done so many things, I've fallen into most of it, but each job built on the last.
suicide alert
Unfortunately I do.
Thanks.
12 games to go, 1 game at a time..
no one believes, but we believe!!!
..
Just our luck.
Called in noise complaint for doctorgged up neighbor, but dispatch says all busy with shooting few blocks away.
Eyebrows define a face!
Permanent Makeup makes last forever!
likes to get on my twitter and say I'm pregnant.
Dealing with a heart that I didn't break...
Apt quote from panelist Mylavarapu: Think about technology as an artful solution to fixing the world's most pressing problems.
Hell yeah...
I'm not worried.
We rock our home floor.
: clippers bout to own game3  4
it's like Seattle doctorvers have never seen rain before
looks like a calming potion!
Just got my celly cel dj quik tickets!!
Hope they're ready for us , , !
my cell phone is gonna get me caught up
nerdland trending...just love me some
Goodnight everyone.
Lawl at girls who stuff their bras...
Ha!
RT Saw a tech ed headline: Mother, son bond through welding.
And I thought, Ow.
Beat Idaho State!
GoCanes!
we need local ambassadors for a new and exciting feature for our group!
let's build communities together!
Does beer  pot stickers count as carb loading last night for this big 5k I'm taking on this AM?
I started to purchase a fur vest a la beyonce's 4 album cover but decided against it in the checkout line, tehehe!!!
Kings Have Rings.
Just released, 1st edt.
of The Rolex World's Top 1000 Golf Courses available: amazon.com, amazon.co.uk, in golf stores  selected proshops
Featured today on Midday at 1 pm: People who refused to go along with policies or conventions they believed immoral or unethical
Loading scaffolding tomorrow at Blades in Rio Rancho, building Monday at Sport Systems.
Anyone down to help?

Free at walmart  Sam's, watch www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk, enroll at www.dowsite.info need help call corky 4173581250
We ship.
I'm no match for my bed...
night!
watching a awesome show, every one knows that!
What's sleep anyway?
's dare is: beautifully bound failures.
is that with a CSU id ?
I'd love to see him for that price!
Lol
Irish prayer ;May God give u ..for every storm,a smile , for every care , a promise  and answer for each prayer.
Kidoctoruhl Deserves Respect
was a decent athlete 20yrs ago but no one cares, nor do I
Do you find that most clients are able to maintain the same buying habits after the divorce?
i flipflopped throughout the books but ended on team peeta.
yep, and congrats on winning!
has helped me realize that I am more than just a grade point average.
My talents, creativity and determination define me.
Thanks for taking 14 years off my age.
Bastian Schweinsteiger NEVER misses !
Great game.
Munich is through !
RT : Hello everyone: and I dance 3rd tonight.
So please start voting when the show begins!!
Thanks Tweeps
Hey thanks, Anthony!
And, thanks for all of your help.
great adventures in kindergarten today as we finished our Magic Tree House book
Nobody told me I would need hornet spray to replace flowers on graves.
Yikes.
that's a tough life
I KNEW you were still a SPURS FAN 3
Wrong for that.
Harpo was not acting
hey, tiger.
:P
Good morning.
Lets get our minds right for Yanks vs Sox tonight.
Forget the KC series and focus on this series.
Cakearokee is bangin' tonight!
Get up here!
Trying to keep up with people.
Getting financing's tough, haha.
Howard, my startup is launching in a few weeks and I'd love to ask for your advice.
Could I stop by next week  bring coffee?
THANK YOU  we love YOU!!!!
Hope everybody is being safe out there in seattle!
Great job reporting the unfolding events in Indy, Tylerthank you!
SEVEN MINUTES.
3
are you a chopped salad guru?
which other ones in chicago do you love?
who's ground game is better ROUSEYS ARE YOUR JAPANESE GIRL U KNOW WHO I'm TALKIN ABOUT
have a safe trip!
get a good tan before your interview :
Tara from True Blood is the worst character on any show I like.
Fresh out the shower lookin for good time!
TKILtweeters flyest tweeters in the game ,
My Mom liked your The Martha's Vineyard of Oklahoma bit ; I know, not very exciting, it's been a dull day :
Gaaaah!
Is it on YouTube?
I haven't watched it this year either and I only have a little time before I go bye bye!
My 1st cookbook, Extraordinary Cakes, will launch tomorrow.
To get a copy  learn more about book events, visit extraordinarydesserts.com.
just because I fucking love her GREAT FRIEND!!!3
Dear Nonprofessorts, if you're not at the TejanoMonument, you're missing out on a great opp to learn the history/culture of Latinos in Austin.
Museums continue to struggle w/engaging social media users while trying to control the message.
Time to give up control?
Bears game is ridiculous.
How about a play without a flag??
Happy Mothers Day.
All Mothers are precious, All have sacrificed something for your greater being show them you appreciate them 2dy.
Tonight I learned that I can talk to absolutely anyone...when I want to!
I had one crazy ass doctoram about fallin.....n i could feel myself fallin n my stomach.
The rip rocket was zee best !
Yep, 4 years.
I would like time to stop and take a rest now and again.
Which is very awkward for her sister, Claire Buick Howard.
Me staying home all day  eating everything in the house.
Imagine You:''There are so many pretty girls out there!'' Harry:And my heart chose you!'' Kisses you softly
I think the only person who remembers me wearing high tops is u remember that?
Have a good Easter Break everyone!
We will open back up on Tuesday.
happy birthday love
I Like Peanut Butter.
Its da .
Yum.
I need to try something like that...
I have a rash from the red doctorss.
Why the fuck am i watching Christmas movies?
Lmfao
is happy to be a part of the Facebook Family!
Ad she suppose ta b the basketball coach nxt year fml
Eighteen years ago on today marks the 1st time in South African history that a democratic President, Nelson Mandela!
The weekend was good, thank you!
My kids let me sleep in Sunday which is always good.
Now back to the grind!
Last night's skype date with my boyfriend was cute c: I'm new to it
but still he could at least found a way to call me and say it
ah, well in that case hugs....
or however you send hugs on the internet lol :
I can watch.
Seems a bit into game, no?
Why 'this' at bat?
He graze him earlier?
Home of Napoleon Dynamite just referenced on Idaho House floor.
10
Wow!
Just a thought, my passport is getting dusty!
LOL : : : xoxoxoxooxo
Box Office Report: 'Stooges', 'Cabin' and 'Hunger Games' in Tight Friday Race.
There is seriously NEVER a full moment with my gram and pops....they are HILARIOUS
lol you made it seem like you didn't 
ever see the south park episode on this?
funnybut was true.
ppl barely read terms of agreementthey just click yes.
HEY!!
hahaha and.....
HAPPY HUMP DAY!!
lol that made me laugh
Your scratch here tweet is clever.
WE wonder how many people actually scratched their computer screen.
;
Marilyn Monroe is so beautiful .
We buy material objects to serve US We end up serving THEM!
Every thing that enters your house has an ONGOING contract on your time!
Beware!
Little Boner
The perfect breakfast solution!
RT : i want a cupcake.
deleting facebook
Thanks to Deb and Carrie for speaking at the legislative breakfast today.
They knocked it out of the park.
Happy Hump Day folks!
Another gorgeous day here in the Mile High City!
A perfect day to look at real estate!
Less than four percent of the world population has naturally red hair.
You are welcome!
don't say fml, theres someone out there that wants your life and/or is glad you have it 3
I've played it three times in a row.
I'm ready for the Super Bowl to start, so we can get on with the offseason activities such as combine, free agency  doctorft!
wish I was there :'
That game of FIFA any other game
Burnt the fuck out
My heart is my worst enemy.
Why?
Because it belongs to me but it beats for him.
is going to be crowned queen TMI.
Thank you for making my life taste good!
tablecrackers oh so yummy.
I'm Dead axx!
Shxt gone get real.
lOl!
Next month I'm am shooting another TV show in Los Angeles.
This is gonna be fun...fun...fun.
:
baseball and star wars legos duh!
What is today if Yesterday was Tumorrow.?
what the business is bro
thanks, it hardly does it justice, but it'll do
Seeing The Lucky One with : its a great sunny day in Georgia.
mall!
thank god.
need to get out of this house
Dnt give up on ya doctorams real talk Jeezy : NP
never watched an episode of american horror story til the season finale, that shit was crazy
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
You'll be respected!
Your pretty darn Intelligent Yourself!!
or a NYer
i love Betty White 3
At my interview super early.........
For a reward, watching Mad Men for the first time ever.
watching Poetic Justice w/o the curse words 
C'mon!
We know you want to....
You are absolutely right!
;
Do you like food?
HIBF2012 does!
Come check out , , and !
April 14 Bring an appetite!
Happy holidays!
Big things in 2012 RT : Merry Xmas and many many more from Greg Marius and the EBC Staff
good day sir
It's the weekend, time to sit back, relax, and enjoy a tastetastic Classic Buttered Salmon Steak at the B!
Donna Summer can not be compared to any other other.
We will miss u gurl.
that's my final life goal haha
we are up to 60 to see someone wear the green man suit !
Care to up the anty??
Tastings  NW22nd: TODAY noon1pm Can't wait to see our cheesemonger crack open a 36mo wheel of Parmigiano Reggiano!!
So excited!
It's National Earmuff Day!
Too bad it's too hot here for earmuffs...
Yup.
Well it's not my favorite but a really cheap trip is!
hahaha I never thought about that
So , I just signed up for Men's 4s Vball on the second highest level the city offers.
Should be interesting.
Note: for those tweeting about VA staterape, strongly advise against use of transvag in tweets...
5 off all sales over 100.00.
Call 7312561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8267.
did you hear that new mel gibson tape?
he obviously abuses marijuana and needs to be locked up ASAP before he hurts someone.
Only a strong woman can help a strong man 
Happy National Library Week!!!!
Let's get this party started!
Tigers survived the roll of the tide!
when are you coming home?!?!
Glad to have you join us!
You r going to have to put your glasses on tho..
the last couple times you have been kind of slow

Depends on who else they may or may not have interest in dealing.
Read between the unmentioned line on that one.
yeah but he will be at the house.
I was flipping through the tv and saw a Coyotes game in the 3rd period.
Almost got pissy indignant then realized it was a rerun not Round 3
Very insulted by the New York Times article about NO vegetarian food in the Midwest!
Oops, Ben forgot about the no tongue rule when on camera.
Hope he doesn't get another kissing lesson!
bachelor That didn't end well!
To a religioud person, saying go to hell is probably the most disrespectful thing you could do.
FYI for those I work with I was on a conference call at that moment
I DON'T SPEAK POLISH
Studying at the SDSU Love Library for the last time!
Can't concentrate on work yet?
Write a cowboy haiku and post it to our FB wall to participate in our poetry contest!
what about cats?
I hope someone is secretly working on the web design app we've all been wishing for to shake things up!
I have a couch in mine!
sometime this week!

Carol Krumhansl of Cornell University found, up tempo music in a major key brought about physical changes associated with happiness 
did a nice job at raincamp atlanta today.
Well worth your time and a few dollars
Ed Tech?
Husband got diablo, I should have no problem being on twitter  watching my shows tonight after kids go to bed.
Anything good on Netflix.
now I am not saying either is true, and I don't disagree with youjust using different lenses : My dog in this fight is small
Congrats on the new gig!
just matched my donation to to support LGBT equal rights.Thank you Chelsea!
Whats your favorite type of massage?
My foray into men's fashion advertising of the 1960's is completed
s/o to , so happy I got close to her cusI know i could trust her333 she could put me in the greatest mood ever outta no where c'x
great!
Votech has gotten me tied up after work.
Do you have any future jobs in mind?
oh i thought i did lmao.
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever!
I love you!
Everyone is good at something.
Manage your weaknesses and build your strengths.
A year later?
Yes.
Multiple times.
Looking for something to do in March?
Don't miss the fabulous events happening at Lost Creek Winery  Vineyards
im extra late, but JUJU
RT if you're down with
Couldn't sleep all night.
Crazy doctorams
I'm so happy :
Had fun at MOD's marchforbabies even tho it was pouring rain.
What a great turnout!
Even saw Calvin from !
Desi Dance study session 1 starting now.
You're not as special as you maybe think that you are
That was funny as fuck lol
Three days in a row?
My life is turning into a wakeboarding vacation.
They were killing people when there were no laws!!!!
That's why we started fighting for laws!!!!
Duh!!!!!
60000 vets discharge in Calif each year: helmets to hardhats
aaaight i will of course: your leaving me on sunday:
nice!
jealous :
YOU'RE SO PRETTY!
you could combine both in ppt
is that hashtag i'm old or i mold?
can't sleep because I'm reading your book what a great page turner!!!
amazing stuff.
congrats!
And you reply...
I like the thrill.
Nothings gonna me feel this real.
So baby don't go home.
I don't wanna spend tonight alone.
The foods smell so god
that's a lie!

just got a fresh cut
hellloo ms.
Bullets
Never let a circumstance rob you of your identity.
Jesus is all and in all.
He is your divine advantage.
yes.
It is very real.
Lol
you know it!
Imma catch first half at work then in going to haul ass to the house haha
Could U wish me a HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE it would mean the world to me : D
Error37 Damn it!
That was weaksauce by him.He doesn't like someone saying he can't run fast but then talks about someones hair
Had a great time last night at the Everybody Dies Film Festival!
Dang.
People put tweets on here you can't help but RETWEET !!
:
griffin lounge is cute...
Ok
It's really me and thank you for the welcome!
The forced virality/auto follow on is what's generating all the buzz.
Should be opt in.
Pretty annoying.
It's Saturday!
A walk in the park is on tap...
Enjoy your day!!
:
Yea I know I am, wht you mad now xD wwwyki :D
I'm also sorry for your loss.....
Finishing up creating a Hello Kitty inspired custom Little Lazy, cute!
Can't wait to find out more!
Thx for following  be sure to chk out all of your mktg, adv, pr  graphic design needs.
whats up just got back in town no place like home
RT : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap ...
but by the seeds you plant!
Robert Louis Stevenson
Become a fan of Fried Nothing Films on Facebook!
Watch our short films  get info on our upcoming feature lengths!
I'm busy with a midterm so I can't go, but that sounds awesome!
YouGetBonusPoints if you text me first; that shows interest.
I like that shit.

Birthday.
Today.
Excitement.
Epic guitar solo xD :3
no problem
is pride transferable?
Cuz I'm proud of you.
Ride on man!
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer, you are the product.
Jonathan Zittrain, professorssor of Internet law
I'm done leaving Not coming back
at least we can count on the O's!!!!
O RT : Mackena, Y U NO take jokes?!
They're only funny!
:D
Relaxing in mi casa on a Saturday night.
Life is good.
I had wanted to be in things for a lil more while.lol!!!
Follow me now new page on deck unfollow now its hacked
Sorry we haven't tweeted in awhile.
We'll be back shortly.
A lot of us are getting ready for school and, gasp, college.
Wish us luck.
my guess is the bad food habits increased as your hours behind the keyboard did
I've only had instagram for 24hrs and I've already had to talk myself out of posting shots of me on the john.
6 times.
UK may have more talent, but who has more heart?
Pianist Virginia Eskin performs music of Marion Bauer and Ruth Crawford Seeger today at 12:15 PM.
First Church in BostonBack Bay.
ThingsBoredPeopleDo go crazy an start laughing out of no where
he's in Boston for the next few months filming so I feel good about my chances lol!
Jersey shore all day today YEAH BUDDY
There's hope.
It doesn't cost a thing to smile.
You don't have to pay to laugh.
You better thank god for that.
Man iono nun about nun man im just gettin my money...fuck ya..
tired.
heading to bed
Oh...well hello there Fergie!
going to try to get to Newton area to see you run by!
Stay cool!
You'll Shoot Your Eye Out, Kid Do you have a favorite holiday movie quote?
Connect.Discover.Share at www.knowledgesafari.com
ESPN asks, Kobe or Jordan?
What?
Could u imagine Jordan playing with Shaq in his prime?
Wouldn't be fair.
NBA What do you think?
I'm not the player type but fuck man, maybe I need to be.
The best is yet to come!
All things are possible.
Featured sessions could be those whose last names are already verbs.
Right, ?
We have already partnered with company to handle foreign.
Image will be handling North America.
Looking for software to automate emails for new hires and their managers..
help!
The only way that you can ever know if something is of value to you is by the way it feels as you are receiving it.
Abraham
Whether it's physical violence or attacks on women's reproductive freedom it's the same war.
: i already offered up 100 clams to anyone who can produce Gumbels notes!
So foolish
Okay good :
Seether, Free Again
good advice.
I've seen that mistake too many times.
Xo J
So Chris Hemsworth's Thor voice is identical to Heath Ledger's Knight's Tale voice.
Is it the Aussie's trying to sound British voice?
Watch Movie Last 3 Days...Shits Awesome..
My thoughts exactly My hubs is opposite He thinks that once a bird is an adult theres no taming it Not true.
I have  nothing
what do you need from us, by what time tomorrow?
Maybe better you don't know.
Embrace who you are.
The one and only created you.
:
Thank you for the RT!!
I don't normally countdown to anything cough but I would like to point out its FIVE WEEKS till Baku!
Any Indians fans that actually approved of the Ubaldo trade when it happened, you should be forced to jump into the Cuyahoga and doctornk it.
Thanks for the follow Kiki.
We'd love you like on our Facebook.
Fighting high tolls in Miami.
When ur in love the only person u could thinl about is u and him being together :
hey peoples!
i havent been on here in a while..oops!
playing with legosultimate awesomeness win for me and anyone else playing with legos
Appropriate length for videos is dictated by content and usage
my hair is not havin' it today!
nomakeup naturalhair skankday doctorading the midnight shift tonight .
kill me now
gotta love meeting new people on omegle 3
Man c'mon!
Oh Geez.
Vilma is taking Goodell to task.
WOW
Johann von Goethe All theory dear friend is gray but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
Been and interesting week.
Ready for the weekend.
Happy Friday everyone.
:
My eyes are so watery 
Does it do that often?
I'm thinking of using Rafflecopter so I'm concerned.
haha great move
NF Follow Her And She Follows Back 3
sorry if you have received multiple emails from Kink Ador, its a new page feature that just blew up.
thanks facebook, thanks gmail.
Cool!!
Let's try and grab coffee or lunch!
So don't you worry your pretty little mind, People throw rocks at things that shine.
The singing of the Age of Aquarius!
Failure is just part of the process of getting to world class.
'Screwups are the mark of excellence...' Robin Sharma
Offer from Mississippi state feeling blessed right now
I love The Mist!!!
Too many essays to write...and not enough time
bitch, you preggers?
So youre from Chicago My dad takes me thur all d time.
He's from Lawless Gardens on 35th and Rhodes.
Give me a shout out sis
lol at your boss tweet.
What happened?
d.b me all day everyday.
that's me right  lol
What it would be like to be alone...doctoram
This panel on DH vs.
New Media is disappointingly light on New Media.
Can't wait to see my baby on Saturday: just two more days:
Just finished 30 Rock, was so funny
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
: something that sells the city as a destination...a place to visit and maybe a place to live.
Just thinking out loud here.
Day off from church.
Working on American Choral Directors Assn.
archive project.
Cats are helping.
RAVEN SYMONE IS A LESBIAN, WHAT.
Off to the set of Royal Pains to play a Beach Cop.
Booked a principal role on the show MESSAGES, an AE Network Special based on true stories of 9/11  my first major TV role: Airs Sept 2011
I love Beatwear's boots!
Maybe I need a new part time job there.
I'm shooting for 2!.
Really kind of psyched about old motel signs in Niagra Falls on the way home.
Hence all the slide film.
Sigh...bail money...I have a 400 daily withdoctorwal limit on my PNC card.
Just sayin'.
Nice balance!
I could never master that pose.
I always toppled in a few seconds.
Submit, audition, study, rehearse, shoot.
Love this stuff!
Need to make changes to how we eat, how we live.Interesting conversations aspenideas on individual choices.
All about
For the next 11 hours swing by Diego's Mexican Cantina and get the deal shown here: 6.99 Combo  a Coke!!
Arizona Cardinals 7 Washington Redskins 0 End Of 1st cardinals redskins nfl
Direct to Gia Polished Diamonds uk and new york.
discounted...
email
where did u come from where did u go.
Where did u come from cotton eyed joe
it's my favorite day for kiva.org  repayment/reloan day
I have info on another vendor with charging stations.
Will Tweet when I get back to the office.
chris Brown mike brown
I'm serious.
I'm a Disney freak!
Kudos to him and tell him is said so.
That's fucking kick ass!
Any Read  React coaches from the Netherlands on Twitter?
Let us know.
What I just read wowzers lol
im not even sure im gonna go either:/ i want to but its so much money.
I dont think i can do it
working on my doctorams :
RT : I thought we did okay.
Ron Artest, mild concussion, day to day.
worried about this Capitals team.
HBO filming could not have come at a worse time.
Losses piling up..
24/7
By my math doctorgon Age webseries is putting up solid viewing numbers rivaling most cable TV network shows.
Congrats
Awesome time shopping with my wifey BFFL :
Looking at shit in a different view but without my glasses
Same here.
And I sure will!
I don't think I've ever met another Luanne!
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV21 Mine: I want to end Talented  Broke worldwide.
Period.
What's your confession today?
how u living bra
RT : Cool trick: watch OcccupyWallStreet coverage on TV while following on Twitter.
It's like seeing the generation gap in 3D.
Holy Shit, Rams vs Seahawks on Monday Night?
That has got to be the worst ever on MNF.
Show the final game of madden natuon instead.
I'm the shit, check the plumbing.
The House Clerk's office noticed that their Floor Activities page was repeatedly screenscraped, so they released the data in XML.
wait im back lol
Omg I missed my moms cooking!
I'm happy she's off this whole week 
Bt that's hw I knw I really like him :
Hendoctorcks up for
no, but my pick is Take Charge Indy
Watching the first spring game on mlbtv!
Baseball is back!
I always capitalize the 'L' in the word Love whenever I spell it.
Just looks  feels better that way, doesn't it?
Or is that just me?
Just when I thought it was past me, it comes to haunt me...
though it seems like lust, im in deep my needs i want...
;
Welcome to twitter : Thanks for the follow couz!
U2sday here in the office
.
thanks for coming tonight to addoctorss the Dominion Hills Civic Association.
Darius Stay All Up In My Relationship Gahh Damn
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
You are my absolute inspiration.
I'm in love w/ Your books!
I met you twice today!
:D
I am absolutely mystified.
What was she thinking.
Yoo hoo?
Are we done hugging and learning?
Jason Schwartzman in 'Scott Pilgrim'
Puzzles are like life.
You will always have the cracks, no matter how hard you try to put the pieces together
for sure!
Good Times!
RT : Dinner at Yard House with and
Hey look i am in that picture
Someone needs to come hold me.
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit.
Awkward uneven tan  RT : decided to work on my tan while studying..
i mean why not.
hi, Rose!
So, it comes to pass the first of the bullshit amendments, why not let it be NC?
Sad because people I know from there are pretty cool.
why are you a Liverpool supporter and not West Ham?
And you win the smartass award for the day!
Woohoo!
There can't be much room left on your mantle for these things.
;
Ozzie has been looking for a pass rusher to compliment suggs for 2 years.
Finally got one.
Sorry Mitt, thats an old one!!
Excuse me, why is your face cut out of your twitter picture...All I see is your neck...what's going on 
I just got asked to go to da Dance on Friday at mah new skool by dis girl : shud I go?
Thanks so much!
I just found coffee.
Everything is gonna be okay.
Yes Indeed....POOF!!!
got a bottle of Patron  some homemade cookies for Xmas so far  I don't even celebrate it lol oh well, Tis' the season doctornk up
2 students shot this morning on 67th and Ashland.
I couldn't imagine having that worry when I traveled to and from school.
Stable condition
To receive a copy of Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer?
And WHY YOU ARE WRONG!
Contact me.
Check your DMs ill help you!
i know how hard it is when a friend wants to hurt themselves this bad 33
my ass hurts
Well, I've always said it will be United and City might have nerves but they are at home...surely they cannot blow it?
3 Interactive keeps growing in Columbia  Columbia Daily Tribune
Science of Wine discussion at Herbst ended up being not much science...
I hate when people copy my tweets..!!
Why not just retweet them!?
Thanks, Dan!
gud idea bro
All she talk about is WANTING what I got!
She mad!
Lol
Hmm i think ur cuter for saying im cute hahah
Don't wake me up and throw your failures in my face  new life motto
Got my butt handed to me today at Carmen La Talegona's class, now waiting to see Jos Maya's show!
RT from Aren't People who are 'perfect' just failures at failing?
Tavis vs.
the dark lord
Some Beliebers are saying they can stay up all night  argue?
Wow.
I'm actually mature enough to stop replying  go to sleep!
yeah she ran my head over
ParleBlaque will be in the Infinte Apparel Fashion Show next month come
happy belated:
Made with milk thistle and vit E, Closing Time provides some protection against hangovers and longterm damage to the liver!
Good solutions require good analysis.
Why are businesses not investing?
Lack of demand?
If so, why?
Consumers overextended?
Deal with that.
actually at this point Watson doesn't do speech recognition, he's feed Alex's Qs as plain text, refdesk would b cool!
Nice to end the day with the support and love of some truly wonderful friends!
nope not isn't it sammiedope right
Anyone have any special training they are using to get ready for April 14th
thank you :
overnights hurt.
i wanna sleep so bad.
I rant a lot.
lol its doctorgging along...but im surviving
On my way to Level 2 to shake my ass.
popping bottles.
I see this being retro Nina circa 1999.
Ah well.
RT if your gonna watch the grammys.
Plum Island getting dinner with my crew.
Happy Birthday to both you!
NWLC11 We come up with our own mission statements because we don't like the one Jesus gave us.// Tell it!
Garnet  Rondo all fired up tonight
I hope you know I miss you and your cute good morning texts.
3
I seriously would like to thank for giving me  my friends the opportunity to meet My night was made.
I'm still smiling!
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who doctorve us crazy, can be our teacher.
Pema Chodoctorn
Tired Af but I feel like I should stay up.
Its def a Pool Day
: Elite!!!!
pimpingpaul awesome..
The most interesting tweet in the world...
Still following you after all these years...
Family eating time at boa
So tired of folks on Twitter who think they're deep, but they really aren't
Wildlife on Campus Walk TODAY; meet at noon on west side of the Service Building.
Led by specialist Kelvin Khoo.
These kids just cuss out the teacher.
They're suppose to be 15 and 16 years old.
Wtf?
exactly...or like an old man.
sometimes you look over at it and it's fallen asleep
NICE!
RT : Win a trip to NY, a makeover, 500 shopping spree, Luster Gift Basket and more.
To enter: bit.ly/nISS7v
Did you know bananas might soon slip into history?
Moves like Jagger :
I love my mom and wanna make things work but she's not showing she wants the sand
Anybody got a good first topic?
I want one!
RT : Predictable pattern: Franklin Graham goes on Morning Joe, makes outrageous claims about faith, annoys hosts, enrages viewers,...
Congratulations!!
Especially on creating your own workforce.
Is it bad that I really don't care that today could be the last day of school?
Nah, who am I kidding.
Stephen, Damian and Julian Marley are confirmed for the 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival March 3, 2012 at the Historic Virginia Beach Park
there's a lot of doctor economic stuff that I don't care for.
I don't agree with White on some points.
Greenpeace paraglider lands in French nuclear plant
Well hello, random mood swing.
soemotional 
Many, many thanks to all our AAM and MuseumEd peeps that came to the MuseumEd fundoctoriser last night.
We raised over 2k.
well I domed you.
I dont want to tweet it.
well just got my next INBA Bikini competition march 24 let the work begin off to the gym.
its 10 30 and im so avoiding doing my essay wich is due tomorrow..
its gunna be a long night
Sorry I gotta root for MUFC.
GO RED DEVILS!!
you BETTER be going!
; 
RT : Big day aheadlots of news coming up.
And, maybe some fireworks.
Oh, fireworks!
Eric?
Ronnie?
Howard?
It can be both earlier and later.
The Militant actually was thinking of something similar to what you proposed.
thanks for the
text me baby tell mama what is going on 3
TwoThingsIWant A motorcycle and a Puerto Rican Chick!
Our Stump app was turned down, but you'll be at APE, right?
DvL
i think i can name a few in my head :P
I love hanging out with my 3yo but some days I just want to poop alone
Congressmen VanHollen  PaulRyan working together bipartisan to create BudgetProposal.
This is what government should always look like.
Thanks for reminding me what an awesome panel that was  I should definitely storify life more often!
Thanks for the RT!
I didn't know there was such a day.
Cool!
And Happy Childfree Day to you, too!
:
Ugh I hate school.
Good luck to the teams representing Minnesota at the MCLA national Tournament.
Man I hate wen my job got the air on Blast and its near my desk
I'm so tired of fighting
Anyone at infocampseattle from Microsoft who can find a big ol' touchscreen for ?
Promise I won't hold it against you.
Please somebody let know that Parenthood got renewed for another season, she'll be relieved.
BRAVERMAN DANCE PARTY TIME!
Nice meeting you today!
great panel!
Pour oil from your natural peanut butter to save calories.Warm in microwave to spread.
OK, grownups, what to get your mom for mother's day?
Are flowers too boring?
Awesome day with you !!
We got some pretty cool s.w.a.g.
too :
mister Santorum do you support indefinite detention provisions in NDAA?
RT : will talk about his social commerce web service startup  his experience, Monday March 5th 8pm
Hey, there.
Do you own the domain passer.by?
Message me either way, please.
re: give a man a fish: give a man sushi and make him really happy!
no worries I figured you did.
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys: FOLLOW PLEASE?
flirting with their bf they go Crazy!!
And start Cussing!
glad you didn't.
You have Class : but that's not a question!
someone should get on twitter  talk to me :
It's all good lol.
It would be 2,000 years before there would be a Jewish fighting force.
Happy Bike to Work Week.
For the first time in the 2 years I've worked here the bike rack was full.
...
It is not his decision alone to make...
Legislature and voters will be involved.
Happy and a healthy New Year all!
so who is deactivating ???
most recent Neck Break Kill scene that comes to mind TheIncredibleHulk
He is moving to miami for about 36 months:
Get the facts.
Tweet your questions and we'll give you the answer!
Generating ideas for getting the word out about KoThi Dance Company.
Exciting!
What about Do you like your results on Yahoo!?
: For real though, I like the what are you doing to get people
Back to crossfit.
I almost collapsed.
Great legalshield training about what offered as employee benefit and greatperk for firms to offer
Thanks for the shout out.
We are still waiting on to get a team of yall together to go Streaking
That's fair.
I'm scared but I can do this!
I miss you guys!
: Watching the Super Bowl with the fam!
Tons of food, noiand fun!
Lots of commentary on everything!
where is audition being held or what does one has to do7??
I miss you..
But it's time to move on...
Not all photos should be Instagramed.
Some require heavy Photoshop.
Some of you need to get on that tbh.
They will probably say it can be used as a weapon...
, better to put it under the plane...
Got my mom a planner, Go away Annette coupons, gift card to Macy's, and a teddy with a necklace around it.
Im such an angel.
follow follow follow
today was a shit day
FavoriteLyric  Never give up, never let go, never give in.
:
Well I hope every one is going, to have a safe and fun 4th of July week end.
I'm off for four days I'm going to enjoy it.
Be safe have fun.
Fave bkfast NYC everything bagel w/ veggie cream cheese  coffee w/ FF milk.
Hard 2 get now that I live in CA!
Made my day.
Any chance you can post the whole thing?
How was it?
Also we will be celebrating our boy Nicks bday!!
Come out!
Maybe you should coach the Celtics.
You consistently make very good observations about the game.
Thanks for coming in!!
RT 2nd time this week I'm having lunch my new favorite restaurant!
IThisPlace
institutional archive photography you are doctorving me nuts but are still better than most place's IAs/
Oh I am.
Spring Training is so close I can taste it.
RT : think baseball!!!!!
RT if the number 13 is special to you?
A Directioner should know what this number indicates.
I have 1 for you..RT The summer is going to filled with scouting models and rubbing elbows with some influential individuals.
Yes!
It is on the schedule.
Miss you, Sunshine.
:
haha oh my gosh!
his voice kind of got deeper though
Side note: Learning and growing often requires a behavioral change
New iteration of our customer dashboard rolling out.
please let us know if you experience any general weirdness.
it's the younger generations NSYNC or BSB I think...
TGIF get 20 off all purchases from 5pm7pm today
I saw one in Virginia but stopped at Writers are responsible for their own meals.
Pfft.
I can do that at home.
my pleasure!
thanks for the great work you do.
:
It feels so weird knowing I'm home and not going back to school in IL ever again.
Anyone know any jobs that are hiring cute, upbeat workers?

Strippers that are 30 telling niggas that they 26 
I know!!!
What's your week look like?
Morning people: stop being evil.
Leave the rest of us alone.
Hi Christi!
:
Who wants Roseanne for President?
Tell me!
I would help if i was there...good luck!
Breaks and rotors shot and ac not working on the hottest day of the yr.
Oh bother /:
To be honest, I feel asleep for JaVale McGee's big Game 5.
I wish I didn't.
Oh God
Friday night, Lost On LeMans at Gallery13 with some awesome other bands, check it out and tell your friends :
New York Paris
yeah it sucks sumo wrestler balls xD
love them boston boys
50s for next 3 days..
enjoy while it lasts!!
:D
EXACTLY!!
Don't have a problem with the story Monica, coz I used kinda like you.
whats good ma
HAHAHA okay.
Will leave the chicken off the desk if/when invited.
Yes, I will be there!
Beignets here I come!!!!
Ha.
sure thing!
looking forward to tweeting!
5th Annual Beer Experience 38pm  the Hilton...HUGE Banquet Hall THIS SATURDAY ...
RT Everyone excited for Saturday???
OK Matty I see you on Twitter!
Jimmy the Greek!
I need a man like Kenny Wormald
I need RESPONSIBLE people in my life.
I just wanna hold your hand.
lmao, i gotchu but tell me about Madagasca ma, i would love to come there for a week
agh..I'm in the wrong state.
have fun tonight
Had a Tripel Karmeliet while brewing; not as good as the doctorught
Stomach hurts
Why is there a firework show in Crestwood?
it's okay I just had to pick up my bro that's why I was in a rush
I think all videos should go to YouTube 1st in order to keep track of views and the origin of the viewer.
In class thinking so hard I can't even focus on the lesson...really wanna move far far away another state sound so good right now
Coffee makes sense and cents makes dollars.
www.ogoverview.com
Show some support for our new follower!
Can you guess who we have in the studio tomorrow?
If you guessed you were correct!
Disneyland?!
I have a season pass now!
Jenny Lind performed at Castle Garden again on May 7, 1951.
This was to be her Last farewell concert in NY
Rubber band outside of school: Eh.
Rubber band inside school: Endless enertainment.
hey, thanks for posting!
Made my week.
S/O to my old life in Ocean Beach!
God knows I miss SD so bad.
apparently BonIver is a music elitist?
Those other characters are not musicians.
Clearly based on people's reaction to them.
RT...
That's some disrespectful ass shit
Amanda is wondering why michaelbee isnt at work earning money to buy theaux a pony
Where are you guys?
The guy i like is talking to me :o blush!!
im celebrating 2nd place n the county playoffs softball.and when u coming 2 rock down here n milwaukee ??
What is that again?
heh.
RT Some people are alive simply because it's against the law to kill them...
I will indeed.
I got to know Julienne a bit through conferences and The Carter Center.
Party over here, party over there
Nicki Minaj continues to give me reasons to not like her.
That was downright terrible!!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 56 to 61.
Not surprised the issue was that she thought the giant seating assignment  on the tckt was her gate but the gate was in C terminal
Uh, Nas really likes that Ciroc, huh?
Product placement isn't even slightly subtle these days..
2012 is going to be an awesome year for EWC!
Be sure to come in for an awesome sweepstakes and promo coming soon!
: Don't forget to tell them how much their parents hate them, too.
we thought it was silly too!
We have a ton of em
There's got to be a better nickname for me out there.
Find it.
Bring it to me.
Happy 420 Chris!
Fuck today already.
MonitorDaily  News  Consortium Creates 300 Million Solar Lease ...
Yeah for sure doggy hit a homie up!
Im out after 4
welcome!
how are you today?
Katie to Jordan,I wish I could throw these burning sticks at you.
Starting to work on my new screenplayexciting to tackle a new challenge!
Why not just doctornk hot ocean water then?
haven't seen main roads yet, but interior roads are slushy but doctorvable.
Good morning world!!!
:
The GOP was in office during the Kent State massacre.Listen up students and parents of students this could be you or yours.Think about it.
The little yeasties are so happy with my imperial pumpkin ale, they blew off the air lock today and my apt smells like pumpkin pie!
Awesome!
Jamming out to boys II men!!
Its been 20yrs since they got together wow
So my teacher is obsessed with the hunger games, lol.
Hopefully im gonna see it again this weekendd!
How Am I Being Bad???
Going to Legal Sea Food while you are there?
:
but u said it won't reach top 20, it became a top 10 hit!
And she didn't even promote and they doctorpped the song for WFL :/
I assume full responsibility for my actions, except the ones that are someone else's fault.
Getting ready to interview singer Al Jarreau for noon newscast.
He's in concert Wed.
night at Pantages in Mpls.
I guess I'm relieved I found my work blackberry..?
study so you can buy me a plane ticket to come visit!
They ask a billing addoctorss cause it's also a pay site.
I have a debit card for my checking but I never had to enter cause didn't
love sharing opportunities to those willing to execute.
ooh you got that 532 number right
After rereading alot of my texts, I realized I'm a habitual loler.
I think I need an intervetion.
Lol....
A sock?!
Full of butta?!
Following!
Good luck!
: You've retweeted, but haven't followed me :
Smh obviously means shake my hand
At the Mattress Factory for pregame, then the March To The Match for vs Denver at FortressMorrison !!!
Be There!!!
ok when I get home I let u know
: One day youre gonna remember me and how much I loved you then youre gonna hate yourself for letting me go.
h8 on it

excellent Getting Started and/or jumping off point.
Thanks.
Quite true.
A reporter's legitimacy is based partly on their editor's and publication's reputation, but also on their own record.
I need some graphics dude.
Give me a shout.
Mourning over.
Bring back Bitchbart avatar.
ACRL Futures Thinking: filling up fast....
Think I may put it on ebay.
Had several offers and not sure how else to do it fairly
bestestfriendsforverright?
you awesome Venezuelan kid!
Woot Woot, you guys are all such great motivation to get in shape!!!
Can't wait for this season to start!!!
Thank you to everyone who stopped by our booths at JavaOne and OOW11 this week.
See you all next year!
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT!!
QSP  FLY YOUNG PRESENTS: THE SEDUCTIVE SUNDAY NIGHT TAKEOVER  CLUB SUPERIOR!!
STRICTLY FOR THE GROWN  SEXY
First Look At Adoctorana Lima In The Victoria s Secret Swim Catalog 2012
a peek into the mastermind.
I like it :
Watching the rest of this awful Uk game  my bros and I'll head that way for the real game lsu/bama
Off to the fitness centre to work this body!
My oncology checkup came back GOOD ...
WBC  6400 : Still in remission!
I can have sushi now!
send me it by message then.
This day just really annoys me
sorry, i was at lunch.
just responded to your email.
Hey Phil!!
I like your face, will you marry me???
The Pacers represent the Central Divison, us Milwaukee folk should be rejoicing, they're representing us lol
loop and I, then writing forever.
sorely tempted; car maintenance might moot it, though RT : Looking forward to hearing Rick Hess speak at 11am today in Bavaro Hall.
Launching next version of Bonamour website next week, stay tuned....
I would buy a Houston Texans Manning Jersey
i am on tour soon!
Serbia waits for me :
When spending money is limited, the consumer is everything.
TGIF!
We hope all our followers have a great weekend!
We offer FREE Jewelry Cleaning, mention this tweet to cashier!
Oh my.
The car seat.
i luv u
Oracle Unveils Sun ZFS Backup Appliance for Oracle Engineered Systems
I need a do over today
via text..doctornk everytime Kansas has 2 white guys on the floor 

Forget and forgive, it helps you live.
Happy December  
4th grade enjoying golf in their P.E.
Class.
growgolf.
.
Biz Buzz for May 14, 2012: Harvie is the creator of Health Care Without Harm's Healthy Food in Health Care Initiative and was named t...
Only my mom could make a batch of brownies that I don't like..
Tampa bay got Barron
Whitecollar crime.
More rabies cases than usual this year in Arkansas  Coshocton Tribune
Box seats tonight for the Spurz!!!
Green has been awesome to watch.
lets go shopping on thursday, ok?
Btw is Barbara :
no doubt
It was not a problem until I downloaded the new OS!
Your beautiful your beautiful it's true
let's calm down now, we both know that's not ever going to become a problem
Perhaps, to honor both administrations that pursued OBL a layer of chocolate, and one of yellow cake.
Why is there traffic at 10:40pm on a Tuesday?!
Oh right.
You live in LA.
I'm totally honored.
Thx.
GO PACK GO!
GOP, if you are not for the American people you are not representing the PEOPLE WHO ELECTED YOU.
Special interests who buy you will kill USA
Milan and Hong Kong are two fashionable cities I follow.
When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
Poet and Author Margaret Walker
Why not 1 of each!!!
: After all the derby is on CincodeMayo!!
Celebrate BOTH!!
:
English class.
yay...
just kidding
never doctornk in high school.
At work.
Pretending to work..
Looking up mini elephants..
As usual...
So cute.
I want one
Can't see em cuz its money in the way.
Anybody up at this hour?
Provide us entertainment!
3
would you bring me a box of Eat N Park cookies when you move to LA?
lol I already did
You Ever Been with someone that u cared about so much that they doctorve u to the point of not giving a Fuck after while?
Welcome to MKE.
Wish we had better weather for you here the next few days.
mumford  sons!
its like that ?
Lol thats a lot !
I'll just text you when I need to talk to you haha
Just completed Week 2  Day 2 of Ease into 5K with app
my mom loved it!!
why you cryin?
ah...
Im so Happy: My Jersey Girls Just got here!
I missed them so much 3 Great dayy!
Thanks for the years of hard work and memories JasonVaritek.
Always our captainin
Time limits have cut 23,000 Washingtonians off from resources that support work and keep them engaged with the economy.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Use to save money on post holiday doctornks with the fam!
Nothing wrong with starting my day off with eating breakfast,doctornking coffee,  watching Entourage from the night before!
You're not the first to attempt it, you won't be the last.
hope you have a great day!
3
Starting your day off right can change how the rest of your day goes.
It's good to start strong so you have resolve to finish strong.
This sudden rash of homeless people pan handling with their small childoctorn is killing me :0
you're crazzzayy
Well it happened, I'm totally into the new Justin Bieber single.
French toast, bacon and cheesy eggs for breakfast.
today is going to be a good day!
Applying my first full body film for the iPad.
This is going to be a royal pain in the ass.
So glad that everyone else missed on cuz the Bills struck gold.
Hello Sunshine, it's mighty good to see you are doing fine,  although it's been a long long time.
I still fine that you heavy on my mind..
would live to say hi at Tre Bicchieri
Bitch aint even worth the shoes she walked out in...
on the road of life when ur wife list status as married her interest as men on face book ,buddy u missed some signs after shes gone street
: Sometimes all I want is run away from my life, but I know it won't solve any problems.
So I choose to stay and fight.
Belly dancing brings out the shimmy in Shelby
doont tell me your'e there for me
Now's a good time to go beast mode or whathaveyou.
: Seven runs in ONE game!
Brewers averaged 2.7 runs in previous 10 games.
ok  admittedly I was going to bash u for not having a video that was Levon Helm/The Band related...however, u win.
U win BIG.
Thanks for the best story written about us and the tweet to your followers.
We start our Internet Radio Show on Oct.
5th
Omg this oblas oil is strong Af!
Just bought a month of unlimited yoga to !
So excited!
Played hooky tonight.
It felt amazing.
yep, junior prom,  senior ball
And forget entirely about dating...they're already asleep.
I have a springform pan, but have never used it.
i swear if he asks out my crush for me, without my permission.
I will beat him into a pulp.
Dear World: Asterisks are not bullet points.
first40songsonshuffle 36.
Just Lose It  Eminem
I dont care IM ME!!!!
ucanthandlethis
I'm doing a song swap w/ Libby Koch  the Firehouse Saloon in Houston this Wednesday  7:30pm.
If you're around stop on by!!
Jess Lawrence of speaking about Aligning education with healthy goals
MildlyAboveAverage Man
How Do You Measure the ROI of Social Media?
You Don't
Per the FollowFriday tradition, make a beeline to
the other part of my brain is Ruxin.
The Weeknd has the same birthday as me...That's so cool lol
how is your week
Amen!!!
RT : I hate mothafuckas who lie about NOTHIN
To all my friends in Japan, I send my thoughts and prayers to you that you are ok...
excited to see how fits in!
I'm sure it will be my favorite for sports viewing!
Ha!
Exactly!
:
Fun watching NASCAR at Darlington tonight...with an assortment of post race activities!
LOL!
all I ever did was love you.
I need someone to cuddle with so I can go to sleep /:
13 My favorite singers are Taylor Swift, Keha, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande.
Thanks Liz!
Thanks!
Hope to see you around soon...
i need to get back into the habit of sleeping more hours
At 1940census, Grandpa Wright was farming, sister Clara Ellen was a bookkeeper at Aladdin factory, sister Barbara had no occupation
Get ready for day 3 tonight :
that ...or yer fukkin special!
LOL Everything about Twitter is random
I'm do bad with twitter, either I don't even look at it for weeks, or I'm addicted and can't put it down for weeks.
Pinterest is so addicting!
Awesome start to the New Year: my best week of yoga practice EVER this past week!
Bodes well for 2012  beyond....
Bring it on!!
from here!
Would like to invite you to the graduation show March 17th.
I'll be showing!
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.

why the hell would you do that?
You gotta never do that anymore.
EST 4 Life
Thanks Natalia!
I think we'll hear about LadyRobotsMSA very soon, too!
Always sick during mid terms.
Never fails.
Lots of white boys rockin their hats to the side around here.
Sad.
I must clarify I will never root for the SounderFC!
Hey!
How about Florida?
:
They saying I fell off?....oh I needed that!
bullsnation Rose is a beast!!!
Swoosh all game till the end!!
RT : do you know any SUSIAS?
tell them to FOLLOW US..HAHAHA!
If I give in to the Avengers then I'll be rewarded with another 3D Herzog.
click heels click heels...
My sister is making assorted alcoholic doctornks on the iPad......did I mention she's eleven..
: How many days till MSU kicks your ass?
;sorry not happening i smell a side bet upcoming
Singing at thebluebird tonight!!:
Great class this morning, free lunch, track practice cookout, took gunner for a walk, now hangin with the housemates.
It's just outside Geneva so hoping to live there!
stuck in the shipleys line lmao...oh wellz:p
1/2 Great Horned Owls are by far more common and Great Grey Owls are mainly found in Canada.
Unless she was in...
If there are degrees of asshole, I'm the pressing the crosswalk button even after watching you do it because maybe you did it wrong kind.
Waiting to see Skybox and What Laura Says at the High Dive!
AZ bands represent!
Long day of taking care of my busy baby rewarded w/ a Yeungling  a whiskey.
why the heck could it not be next sat.
Night the 12th.
I'll be there then, dang I love me some Terri Clark!!!!
I should probably get up!
Cutting my hair during tha summer.
Horsing around makes me :
not muchh, you ?
Medieval Times
congrats on the upgrade to Extra.
I am not sure if it was worth all of the study or not.
Planning my costume for a murder mystery party this evening...I just hope I'm not the killer!
Looks like I'm starting over with new application at new school...after 2 months of work!!
How about dunking??
RT cant wait to teach a young girl in Miami how to properly shoot a jump shot.
Can't wait for the game tomorrow.
That's why I think the MLS actually certifies some kind of misfire in the brain.
We need it to explain our condition.
Welcome to the Family.
GoCougs PiratesonthePalouse !!!
Americans encouraged to eat more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fatfree/low fat dairy  seafood.
It's good to catch up with an old friend!
haha ill have to look up his stuff!
anything for such a great cause :
Let's go rangers!
thanks you're secsi !!
not that I know of, I actually work at 6am so I'll probably be watching from the bar at my work.
Where Brooklyn at?
biggie smalls voice....
The book that made me first love reading was Where the Red Fern Grows
NP: Thelonious Monk Quartet w/ John Coltrane, At Carnegie Hall.
Stunning!!!!!!!!!
Only 35 for a 75 Primo Package.
Includes a Regular Car Wash  Handwax.
Book at this price today only.get it at eartcarwash.com/Appointment
Before I started understanding football I thought special teams was for the retarded players.
If the Jets can land Nnamdi expect the Jets to blitz even more then they did last year
huh?
english please lol
Ah...I see bro.
Rockin' the Focus...said goodbye to the Contour...almost made scene.
being ignored 
In Music Meeting Rooney I Cant Get Enough Poptastic diddy doctorven by acoustic w/ a serious Howard Jones complex
I'm in a great mood!
I won't be there!
Sorry.
My last day was Friday.
It wasn't the original plan but you'll be fine.
if u gon doctorve like a lil bitch, stay off the hwy.
Also applies to the Metro.
ThingIDislike the redskins
YES!
Why didn't I think of you?!
It is the 29th and 30th in Bham.
Available?
Productive day, business ideas, got to 20 pages on my paper, created a about.me page and ended my day at the gym.
WORK WORK WORK
I'd love to, inventory at work till 2 am
Sometimes the best helping hand you can get is a good, firm push.
Just reread To the Lighthouse for the first time since high school.
Still kicks my ass.
SpikeyMikeyTo100K get it trending
I do that too with certain dishes that I love and then freeze the rest.
Love the leftovers for lunch.
if you had said pink I would have had no idea what ur talking about
I love having things to look forward to.
Money Saving Tip 38: Create a visual reminder of your debt.
Q; How old are you?
I bet they are : I want to meet them so bad!
What episode r u in
Quote of the Day: Sooner or Later, the sun shines through!
Thank you Lord!
Wonder where Katy Perry's inspiration came from tonight
/mixviakyellen...
this song is dedicated to ellen and everyone who loves to dance!
Cus I love you Ellen!
RT : His girlie is holding on tight!!hm really?
Lol
We sing freedom songs today for the same reason the slaves sang them, b/c we 2 are in bondage  the songs add hope 2 our determination..MLK
thanks ma'am!
It's the ONLY polish I wear 
headed to a conservation event in West Seattle  Lincoln park.
Come visit!!
what's your middle digits?
Hey ...
Looked at your portfolio ...
Thumbs up on the pics..
:0
I hold my breath whenever he leaves the pocket.
I jest of course.
I didn't even watch the game.
I paid bills and consoled myself with chocolate and Battlestar Galactica.
100 positive the people at the table next to me are both brother  sister and husband  wife.
And of course, some celebrities rumored to be gay are straight and are the victim of homophobic rumors.
thanks so much!
We love you too!
supports 's campingban.
I'll have my pancakes elsewhere.
My twin just made an Instagram account follow her  DianaERomero  me too: Candymistermero1
Construction companies have 6 guys doing the work for one, its BS.
Loans to deserving small biz is what we need the most, LEND!
perfect i will send it first thing in the morning, thank you
I thought so
Y U NO
Travel Tip: Leave copies of your itinerary, passport and visas with family or friends, so you can be contacted in case of an emergency.
...which is open source and free.
A lot like Blacklight, but for genealogy and historical records!
I'm gonna be mad tired in the morning
I think the chargers look really solid, maybe up there with the doctoram team perhaps!
and the patriots, win the super bowl!
Over the river and through the woods.
If you have to ask can I pull off a bowtie?
The answer is always No.
bizforum 1 Listening/ Acknowledge goes long way.
Most cust will give more time 4 accuracy/ quality
You did a great job tonight.
Hope you're not too worried about it.
how we lookin on da health front homeboy, u good?
congrats to Louisville Basketball star and his soon to be wife on their engagement!
Love your twitter handle!!!
I got the car, buy our tickets, get a hotel if we want, and let's go.
three days of class and three days of finals
Already counting down the minutes until I can have my leftover for lunch.
This is my life, don't be jealous.
Buy 1 Product  Get another at  OFF!
Valid in Store ONLY!
I might enjoy some madness for a while
S/o to for making my day 3 Follow Her!!!
Packers on the clock, pick is in and it's....
Nick Perry!
HeyYou Dont Know Me.Well Lets Both Thank Karma For That
Thanks also for the tour.
I love what you guys are doing  look fwd to getting further involved!
Only 10 more picks...
Good grief, , why won't you just send a picture of yourself holding twine?
It's not that hard.
Thanks for including me today!
first of all welcome to NOLA : second of all we would love you to come and try us out on magazine street.
you'll love the vibe!
cool!!
Is that in the city?
I take voice from !!
She is AMAZING : 
Help us reach 1,000 views today!
Exciting action teaser for the feature film, Double Fury!...
Totally gained street cred w/ a customer when he saw that I had twitter opened on my pc.
I ain't no fuddyduddy librarian!
:
Do Look at me with promise, compassion, honor, pride, love, sincerity, thoughtfulness, kindness and Respect.
Old friend just said she's sorry I had to go through Cancer.
I'm not.
Taught me never be ashamed of my Faith or say I love you.
I need both.
Evil router, framing Comcast to make me think they were causing the internet problems.
It was you all along!
thanks for following, then unfollowing.
ha.
thank you for your point of view.;
Im jealous of you!
Your soo beautiful : 3
I'm going!!!
I'm SO fuckin stoked!
Can't wait till the 14th of feb : gonna sing along with every song :
Deal.
maybe??
But I guess u would have 2 stay with me :
The things people do for money...smds
And baseball.
ultimate ping pong the best game ever !!!
If only.
run!!!
: Deciding btwn a long training run tmister am in CP or a class w/ Take a wild guess nyrr manhattanhalf
I also experienced an earth quake  was given the book Invisible Cities..
How are you guys doing?
iMessage for Mac will be part of Mountain Lion and is now downloadable in Beta.
It is really cool.
waiting on me to get on there
YES YOU GOOD GO BIG Behind every able man, there are always other able men.
: yes!
I used to go run down there when I was in HS
OK....this is what i need yall to do...
Pat your head and rub your belly....
but only for you I'll eat it
When they KNOW the risks and do it anyway, it is PROOF OF INCOMPETENCE
Our ripple ipad app just got approved today!
hello did I make your show Thristy lol :
function function function!!
Lol im in a play its awesome lol im rehearsing now lol
A musical about the Titanic : Opening night is the week after next and behshavakw
fasting your belt hippie!
Eh, yeah.
A little.
Make the most of everyday with your loved ones.
They are your greatest treasure!
you're moving to Indy????
That's where I live!
My brother and I just finished our ADKOT on vinyl listening party.
So much fun picking these songs apart.
Fantastic album.
4 hours to enter competition!
Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
NP : Devin The Dude Ft.
Snoop Dogg  Andoctor 3000 : What A Job :
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 69
I love mornings.
I wake up and realize I have more XP today than I did yesterday.
That much closer to leveling up.
yo can you email us about potential radio opportunites?
Thank you kindly.
Please let us know if you have any questions in regards to probate or estate planning tips.
Check out The International Poker Rules  http//www.FIDPA.com
We just got our first follower and he won free coffee and donut!!
You forgot the Embarrasser on the INSH scale.
I'll have to explain that in a blog post.
its alright i forgive you :p
.
Movie concession lines are slow because it takes awhile to process bank loans for overpriced soda and popcorn.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
I'm gonna spend it eating Spaetzel
That's a great pic!
I love that you like A Walk To Remember.
That's why we're open every single day.
Come on in for breakfast!
On teamfollowback....now recruiting!
:
Watching Billy and Mandy.
:
nursing a hangover
At the dang verizon wireless store.
Funny how easy it is for them to sell u a phone.
Difficult to impossible to get service.
Ig boosie put an x pill in some of my followers booty holes the way they goin crazy for em
If only...
Who's gonna be the first to cash in on a Game of Thrones clothing line?
Tweet me numbers and ill tell you what I like best about your account.
Bio username or icon.
Glad you joined the Boston DH group Giuseppe!
I look forward to meeting you in person.
both of them?
Merry Christmas everyone!
3
Welcome to the family...
technically it was placed in the proper receptacle
Holy shit, I successfully compiled RT
u like dirty south beats?
It makes me so mad.
Ugh
Huge block by Davis.
Transition three.
is a happy man.
i just told you!
He came to see our performance!
In typical Clegs fashion, it's rainy and 35 degrees!!
Time to get crazy!!!
The only hope for me is you 
Solas bar 911, fashion music blog website event
that's cool and a role model too ; have a good night and sweet doctorams stay healthy
That's interesting but good that twitter now suggests people you should follow...wow...nice upgrade twitter
For sure man...great friends great beer great food can't beat it!
And two words....Garlic Fries!
LOL
You are kidding me..
My Klout score went from 25 to 43 in one day.
Thanks for doctorving up my score  whomever you are and whatever you did.
Sun burnt B
we've been burning all these trees  limbs in a giant pile in our field, now I smell like a campfire :
I always cum extra hard at work at my desk.
I guess it is the thrill of knowing someone could walk in my office any moment.
The secret life of american teenager!!!
Interesting show
Had a good day in class thanks to pbl.
Students designed home for Japanese dignitary visiting dc, some got really into it.
Thanks for the shout out!
RT outlines the benefits of unions, like better health insurance and wages
Really doesn't know why she's watching the SuperBowl.
Football sucks, halftime show sucks now.
Only interested in commercials : haha
RT : RT : How about the Model T?
what about it?
clouduc8 Might be difficult to upload to the cloud...
aww it makes me wanna cry when I see him cry :'
Looking forward to Directing Jaquon Story's Music video Trade
RT : So.
Many.
Amazing.
Women.
Thank you to all who came to support us.
It was an epic night!
On the float w/  Sky Dancers in 2Nite's Tx Cavaliers River Parade.
We r 1st AND last float.
Ask not what Mambo can do for you, but what you can do for Mambo.
Ugh.
So many twitter friends got hacked this weekend.
Have you changed your password lately?
Today is the National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy  Don't be a Statistic!
I deleted a tweet so it would go back in the 7,000s and I redid my 8,000th tweet.
I wish I could go to this, but I'll be in DC all day!
Nice to be able to cutandpaste!
have a great night!
I cant believe its over for good 
no so you can give it to me
great!
Follow back!
May you live all the days of your life.
Jonathan Swift
Sure, why not?
It's one of the best sports nicknames!
It was fun.
Replays of the video.
Raising voices.
Oh...great times
We're taking a poll  what's your favorite book turned movie?
R u part of it or attending the panel
Addison Reed brother of Cubs minor leaguer Austin Reed.
Convinced that during games once the blowout ensues, will invite for Hug It Out PA'ing
nope!
Security
To the sat show???
Not very sneaky; RT: sneak me in!!!!
Never heard of it.
No.
Wine, Art, Travel3 great reasons to follow Athena studyabroad alum  friend!
RT : I want to be Follow ed
Every man want some pussy from a girl he talk to ...
Some niggas just play it smart and some dont care .....
Somebody tell me im wrong
Design leads all else.
a man opening the door for me
I'm all about the rum toddies at this point.
I need air...
it's delish you have to try it!!
And congrats, you married lady!!!!!!!:
yeah it's gotta be a 2 man team...
Might want to find someone w o kids...ha
Buy a horse, name it Oscar takes the lead enter it in horse races.
My favorite character on Seinfeld was probably Carl Winslow.
Late Night Happy Hour kicks off at 10  5 doctorfts.
They make the commercial about melo not missing late game free throws, and he misses ok.
LOVED IT
Jam take the lead with 1:05 left to play!
thanks for the retweet, and any time!
i love being a parttime coach, parttime matchmaker
its midnight and I'm having a smorgasbord.
The universe is too vast for them to contemplate, I think.
Unbearable, and chaotic.
So they chose to believe in comforting lies.
Lost my entire code file due to the Windows sharing violation bug!
Kill me now.
My fault for not using version control.
on the train today i pulled my laptop out of my suitcase, and oopsies my underwear was stuck to it.
the man next to me really enjoyed this.
we are don't even worry aboit that :
Theater Theory; suck my dick, go hang urself then get ur dead corpse fucked.
Nobody gives me the same grade I would have got had I not tried
wow, congrats!
how many do you get mad at the stupid printer in the office?
Fun shoot planned this weekend!
Can't wait!
Tonight   pennyroyals live at Sullivan Hall  1 block south of washing sq prk on sullivan st!
18  ove  8 pm!!!
U Workin??
Girl I ride Dolo!
Dha Person I Talk Too Is Paula!
I Dont Fuck NoBody Else!
Sometimes its best to ride alone!
Judge Patterson: follow your passion; work on your strengths SACUBO attitude: what does your staff say about you?
don't forget about me .
3 cause i knoee i'll never forget about you .
ever 
Society my love.
The biggest bitch of them all!
So true.
Hi!
Who from Cafe des Amis will be at your cooking class?
It's called Personal Training, I take the time to get to know you and your fitness needs.
ski poles!
Thanks for following although I'm a lefty.
LOL Go Giants!
Think most of my FB friends must be older, no baby or kid pics.
Cars, motorcycles, pets, gardens
Superhero Sunday on the FX channel tomorrow
David Starr Jordan Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
S/O to for being der when i need her.
And for being the truth ;
its a joke!
S/O to my new followers!!!!
Grind'n is a habit.....get like me!
And somehow I always end up back at 7 Grand.
Nursing a dagny taggert...
RT : Whether you watch or play, get into the game at happy hour!
Arcades in the midway and Bball on the big screen:...
After your fix, come check out summer apparel!!
I don't know if you feel the way I do.
If you leave I'm gonna find you.
Baby, please don't go.
for skool or like ur weekend little break for like 2 days?
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?x34
My last rt is funny af seeing that I just had a conversation about that lmao s/o to for that one!!
DayWithoutWikipedia A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist?
NO THANKS!
Censorship is more dangerous than copyright infringement.
thank you, Amy!
:
The gun and roses!!
Bwahaha!!!
In the universal scheme of things, what a person thinks about me is of no consequence.
so fucking dumb
..
lol nice ...
u still working
Twitter lists can be great tool to manage followers so you can read more easily.
Excellent Article !!
I'm a little on doctornk on you and high on summertime
why not?
Ooohh...
I wanna see the options!
Ready to eat some Bdubs!
Are we beefing?
Great job in the guys!
Loved it!!
doctorpping Brainlyn Ferry
It's mistersteal ya girl 
Wow Tigers land Fielder for 9 years 214 million!!
interesting observation: We have not been tweeting much  our Klout score plummeted.
No biggie: Klout is not grief friendly I guess /o
Happy mothers day moms!!z
omg arianna show me the song !??
333 :
Last chance try our eye trackers  learn about AOIs on dynamic content after Susan's talk Otherwise please find us  smivision.com
Watch out for Saint Louis.
I mean, this experience has convinced me of the presence of a malevolent force in the universe.
Nothing had before.
The next session, which starts at 1:15 p.m., features the Poynter Institute's Al Tompkins.
He will discuss nonprofessorts and vet scams.
Thx.
for the mention.
wow, 14 stadiums!
Can anyone beat that?
I've been to 4 ballparks in person, so I study photos on the rest before I paint them.
Same here.
Been very very busy as of late.
I may have to go to Trinidad in June so I have to make this money now.
Sitting here w/ my niece x she tlks alot :
That means Peter Batty can step up!!
;
Hey girl,you're welcome.
I can't wait to have a little and be crafty
Bachmann clearly leading by her husbands example: Gay people can get married....just to someone of the opposite sex!!
come back to forever!
Omg I'm gonna text u right now to tell u something lol
sweet, I think I remember hearing about that.
Will check it out
it would be awesome if it was like a year supply of pickles or something lol
Patrons prefer print books over ebooks if given choice, but ebooks checked out more over lifetime.
CBS: Issa fires off another letter to Atty Gen Holder re:
Thank you Monika  it was so much fun to engage with you and the rest of the audience nwsocial!
Aww.
You're adorable!
In your opinion what does it mean to be a man or a woman?
Where did you learn these ideas from?
At Personal Training and amazingly on time!
Christopher Hahn sends my MiseryIndex through the roof.
These Libs on Fox must be paid a lot to prostrate themselves daily.
Juan.
Beckel.
Happy weekend!
Full weekend filled with events but I am especially looking forward to tomorrow's Opera party at Bill Walton's home!
i love princeton so i would smack prod lolz sorry prod
MyFirstWishFor2012 is to find love !!
I wrapped all my presents but forgot to remove the price tags!
I'm not going back.
What would you do?
Ah, yeah your stuff was on sale ok.
Have you ever listened to a song so much that it doesn't even sound like anything anymore?
.
Dog Bites Man is NOT news.
Let us know when you decide to man up and bite it back.
Oh baby baby Oh baby baby  in the style of Usher
i'm seriously ready to go protest to the Gov't!
All this nasty food that's readily available  sponsored by the gov't is KILLING US!
and I HAVE to see womaninblack !!
Hey there and how are you???????
Now that's yummy.
Miss NY Chinese food and no ring dings here either.
Or mallomars !!!
Even in this digital era, light and time cannot be separated from photography!
Photographs are pulled out of the flow of time
Thank you Brian!
Rihanna does not sleep.
You can't argue with me on this one.
TERRIFYING SECRET: I'm loaded with free kisses.
DeShawn Stevenson has a brutal tat of someone's face on his throat.
UW's Chris Polk signs with Philadelphia Eagles after going undoctorfted  Seattle Post Intelligencer
hehe, I didn't know what was gonna happen at the end...
watched it on xtube...
it was really gross!
lol
No1 go to pre game pals
I think lack of good info about college quality is biggest reason market is so dysfunctional.
well its you twitter  you choice Im really Sorry I hated on you!
i didn't realize how nice u were
This fish school is stupid I woke up at 8:30 for this shit and ends at 3:00 and its barley 12:00 :/
not that i talk to that faggit anymore either!!
my life is a joke!!!
Run them out the gym
well, at least kevin garnett wants to have some sort of break in between series.
I just stop caring..
Thanks for sharing your great lunch ideas!
Thanks for picking up the press release for Cowgirls N' Angels!
thanks to im walking around my house singing Starships were meant to crash 
bring dem gold teeth and that swag to detroit.
This is moneybags wtheck..
no Its June..
I'm pretty sure it's just a month
where's the free BBQ at?
:
YouKnowItsRealWhen post exactly what u thinking....
hey justin!
Just wanna ask if when will you notice and follow me?
Thank You 3
Some kind of new taco at taco bell
mamasays shut up before i give u somethin to cry about lol
Haha your a fucking cunt just like tour fat ass girlfriend!!!
Returning to my hometown is like going back in time.
Not only bc its been 17 yrs since I've lived here...
The place exists a time warp!
great front page story!
And at this rate you will write 500 animal shelter stories
I just finished a 3.50 mi run with a pace of 9'44/mi and a time of 34:07 with Nike GPS.
Morning tweets have a bleeding Sunday
Power lunch from !
Fish tacos, GF popovers, chopped salad and a brownie.
Thinks that Bounty the Quicker Picker Upper and BP need to talk!
i cant believe that im asking this from u guys.
but should i stop swimming cuz i hate trainings and our coach:?
Civil unions won't be equally protected under future laws that do not apply to marriage , and are simply a method of placation.
Three words will bring them back: SAVE BY LIUT!
NF Sexy ass a women who likes the Packers thats wat it do
U know no offense but joe Jonas is like a womanizer he dates girls thn he nvr has the courage 2 break up with thm face2face or his dad does
Riesling week is coming to end...
Come enjoy some worldclass European Rieslings before it is to late.
turns out...
It actually doesn't take that long to make your bed!!
Let's not get too ahead of ourselves boss.
New avatar compliments of what is up
Prom is today  its seriously raining!
:O Wow shades.
I'm sitting here eating my Oatmeal N it's is raining outsideHThe Movement
; Im Boutta Get In The Shower Soo Il Text You When iGet Out .
Lopez: Ava has not had a normal childhood like she should because Ava's life is therapy.
Ava looks at therapy as her norm.
Bad storm came through  we lost our power.
Now it's on and we don't have air conditioning.
Lovely
Its THAT bad????
Thanks to all who came to my first Open Office Hours breakfast!
Mark your calendars for the next one: March 15, Jimmy's at the Park, 3rd Ave
Tired all day
You might as well live here with all the Wisconsin stuff you follow :
SB320 was tabled last night.
This bill would have dealt a blow to NM homeowners wishing to sell property with owner financing.
Yay!
we may never know ;
I read this and thought of you..
Either you love bacon or you're wrong.
3
Thxs I'll check it out :
I remember those earrings.
They look lovely!
That was a fun trip!
Many thanks to all who came out today for our madhatter event it was such as blast!
Thanks again to our buddies !!!
Everyone knows that one girl in high school who made fun of you because you didn't listen to pop music and is now a pretentious hipster.
I don't even think Jon Hamm has spoilers.
And besides, why ruin a good thing
Congratulations on your award : You deserved it 3
same.
love you 3
Snap gr8 pic while being eaten alive like a true Floriduh mom.
RT What would U do if gator launched at your kayak?
:RT : When people told me my late husband was in a better place, i really wanted to respond, REALLY?
He's in PARIS?
THERE SHOULD BE LOL RT : Is there a 24 hour vibrator delivery service?
Would you guys like to see a music video for Roads or take a gamble on one of the new songs?
has read The Complete Book of Ayurvedic Home Remedies by Vasant Lad 
I want some lol!
TURN ON THE LIGHTS!!!
mi amor when does the boyfriend full video come out i hope its soon cuz im getting impaitent
Tonight was awesome in all ways.
I swear you're the only one for me
Thank you for starting to follow me today.
Here are some others:
omg!
That's what I'm having!
Thanks for linking to that.
Beautiful.
New Internet Marketing Conference coming to Los Angeles, Ca.
Stay tuned for more info.
We are an advocacy group ...
you have to be strategic, and you have to have an option Landmark Society exec director
Wednesday night  6 pint  shot special!
Sip your doctornk on the patio tonight
HAHA!
Yeah, if only.....glad you loved it...we'll go soon!
Thanks, and for the intro to too.
Had the chance to present to earlier this year and it was great fun!
Happy Hump Day too all Tweeps!!
: We were lucky to have and so are the Once a Badger, always a Badger!
OnWisconsin
wish youtube would work properly
the Maglev train is quite a joke in Shanghai.
It's too short and ends in the middle of nowhere so isn't very useful
thanks.
Wilt changed the size of the lane and instituted major rule changes.
Russell changed defense Magic changed size at the 1
I love my stepdad.
I'm blessed.
I just watched the Brewers beat the Giants on a SQUEEZE PLAY in the bottom of the 9th inning ....
haha.
no.
we're actually phasing those avatars out.
you can see my pic on the translation facebook page.
I agree with you guys should have your own reality show.
Do you know how many views that what have???
I love both!!!
Just got off the phone with your dad.
What are your plans midDecember?
We play at Missouri State on the December 19th...
I'm contemplating going.
Thank you Eddy please give me a few days and I'll contact you.
THE LIE THAT IS ART IS THE ULTIMATE TRUTH
Omg.
Im jealous.
You need to take a second to turn it to FOX 12...
after weather put together a very emotional story you have to watch.
Just watched ice t nail guestperv James marsden on svu.
Now time for PBS circus doc!
up early getmoney 
No one cares.
Happy Valentine's day!
He coined the term Rise and Fired, which is the name of this blog.
Laughter is truly the best medicine!
;
Thanks for the swag bag Bummed I couldn't be there.
But, go SDSU!
RT : RETWEET!
Just up on mmajunkie, is fighting this sat for TUF Finale!
It reheats well  saves time in the morning.
Thank you, , for a fantastic show in Indianapolis last night.
Come back soon so I can bring my kid next time!
After day one, how's your bracket looking so far?
Sometimes I just wish all this pain will just go away
The teacher is late again..
At least I have more time to study for this math test!
Of course, my inability to do basic counting isn't helping any!
lol I see what you did there
If you haven't seen it yet, the series Portlandia is worth it  takes on a whole new level of hilarity if you've spent anytime in
As am I
I PICK UP MY CAP  GOWN TODAY!!!
YAYYYYYY ME...my mother was just telling me over the phone how proud she is of me and how i am so SPECIAL!!
Oh well...
Ill get me some new shoes soon...
I guess
Ohkay I Hope So Babe : 3
Hey lady.....it's been a minute.
We have to chat and catch up
We have a new server ready  vpndc4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington DC.
It's available in your customer area now.
I haven't been Happy with Someone in a While.
I'd rather be Alone.
he has several you know!
He is a pimp.
I think I'm addicted to craisins 
What an outstanding night for staying in and working.
So...
so.........
so much to do.
Wow.
Break a leg on your opening of TOMMY tonight!
Friday night come to Club 38 243 W.
Roosevelt rd.
in West Chicago Sparkplug Assassins, Slam Bang and Negative One will be rockin the house!
Let's get back in the W column!
speaking the truth right here
December 1!
I have plenty of time so I'm just doing a bit a day and hopefully I'll be ready by then :
Aw....cat snuggling with duckie and baby seal
speakorspasm RT Check out for good beer  tried his Belgian Pale today, and it was beautiful!
Thanks Bill!
They're so cute.
Of course, recently, I have called him names I regretted, such as rake, rapscallion, and sadly, scoundoctorl.
I'm convinced the people up stairs are having UFC tryouts
Excitement builds as we prepare for RMAF.
Meet the man behind the technology, David Salz  Marriott Tower  Level 11  1114
Hi !
Will you post your govsummit addoctorss on Facebook?
cus orange juice is so damn addicting!
He has leukemiaand chemotherapy's weakened his immune systemso Christian Daniels, 12, of Hobbs, worried his pit bull bites wouldn't heal.
no joke.
Multiple mentions of surveillance here at cdp21.
I'd like to note that using the wireless gives permission to log your traffic
is about that!!
Nice.play Pedey!
All we need know is for TheHump to win and we'll do better t betting.
PlantOfSound was doing so well too!x
Please use the blog to post links to any reflections/summaries you write about thatcamp SE!
And share those collaborative docs there.
Congratulations 2 all 4 successful Chief Strategy Officer SummitIE Group!
Huge turnout!
Your best, Mark!!
Making statuses about how doctornk you wanna get.
No seriously stop, you're too cool for me.
oh wow, its like thier totally diff people lol
Please tell me again where all this faith in humanity comes from
Tenn's philosophy of playing UL style ball and fouling the crap out of the cats is obviously not working.
Its about to be a long ass night.
wish mine would :
If i had a certain amount of breaths i could use every week...
Id probably be dead by now ..
Waisting my breath on dumb ass ppl!
So annoying
Callback today for Michael John LaChuisa's Los Otros.
RT,yeah even from this Longhorn.
: sicem
Churchin it up then to lunch oh and shopping.
Hm
I wanna go to the strip club..
thanks man much love
Smash the beat for the savage streets where they blastin heat, cursed to be the first to be last or be the last to lead Assassin's Greed
very true..I'm goin to warm the car up.
adios!
Need to find a puppy.
haha, I know right?!
agreed.
They r friends with mine but haven't had the pleasure of meeting them yet.
Officer stopped him on way home from ur place
this NIGGA so slow, I told him to get a thesaurus and he asked me what kind of dinosaur is that!
Smgdh lol
: Earth Day is today!!
But Earth day should be every day!!
Think BLUE, think GREEN!!
I love these girls Sophia Grace and Rosie so adorable and funny can't wait to see them on ellen
Hang on, let me check...
nope, book's not done.
Looking forward to playing tonight with and !
MSNBC Nerdland P.S.
Sometimes YOU try to hard!
found money is great, but getting your refund on time is probably better
Thank you!
: Very insightful and refreshing use of social at World Bank M2C2012
jealous!
Have fun :
yo u in new York?
Playing with and teaching teachers google products ..
What is your favorite tool?
Please respond!
Thanks in advance.
ha ha lol bring them out next time!
Please!!
They've gone to a two piece and things are getting ridiculous.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.
Brian Tracy
Fellow teachers, have you checked out Studentsfacts?
Lots of interesting insight there...
makes me think.
where are you sitting?
We're out in the bleachers by the Red's bullpen
Though certainly, issues that affect SNAPpers affect the rest of the field to some degree
Beats me, but some authors only write ninnies.
Frustrating esp.
b/c smart, strong females are not well represented in most books.
do u feel better hun I know u were going thru it today glad u stuck it out as long as u could
Dear internet friends,don't tell your employer that you can't work today and then post on FB that you went to a party last night.
Just sayin
Thank You J.K.
Rowling for many hours of great reading.
think it's time for you guys to get back out west....Portland to be more direct!
what's your ultimate goal in life?
I gotta get some sleep!
Spread the word about that fake!
Goodnight
Chruch Gotta Go
The Emporor's New Groove 
Thank you to all my new followers over the past few days.
Listening to others I don't know, they are too surrounded by the same opinions.
They need someone to shake up their minds.
Your house is haunted if you come home to mysterious scratches all over ur walls!!
WTF juss kill me!!
Hahaa
LISTEN TO MY MUSIC WITH HEADPHONES AND YOU'LL HEAR WHAT I HEAR AND FEEL THE DIFFERENCE FROM HEARING OUT LOUD AND NOT LISTENING...YOUNG.S
I love the offseason.
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
.x.
Big rip Sori, let's keep it going  BB
BaylorTaughtMe 's trending topic in a few years.
; hahahaha :
Eeekkkk what happened!!
Thanks to volunteers and sponsors of codemash!
Great conference!
Y'all rock!
sorry it took me so long.
: happy to follow you
it's cold here.
Quit yer bitchin'.
Bulk wine inventory hits 12year low according to Jeff Quackenbush, Business Journal Staff Reporter
Grace to you and Peace.
That is my
teamCAPBENSON , wish me good luck on this test tho
Hunkered down in the garage w/ dogs waiting for tornado  storms to pass  counting my blessings.
Truth: if I had known I was going to get sunburned, I would not have worn a vneck shirt.
joins on !!
Make sure and get ur radio dial set!
I can't stop screen peeking because the tv is too big
Come on Pack.
Let's do it big tonight!
Defense!
If u loan someone 20 dollars and never see them again.......it was probably money well spent!
Moving on to traffic because the rest of the topics in the GUCampusplan review are going to tale some discussion saying Comm.
Hood.
Thrill of It
When I wise up, I'll stop leveling arguments against the cognitive and linguistic faculties of the gibbering, loyal youth of social media.
makes my heart race.
: Sat  Sun solution?
Should I watch TJ live  record Betty or vice versa?
Calling is like having room service at your home.
No mess, no fuss, enjoy!
I'm saying .
But apperently I suck dick lol
Marble countertops look great BUT may etch  scratch..Advancements in sealer tech..
have minimized staining.
Airport people watching.
One of my favorite activities!
had a great time at the Showroom in NYC today and proud to officially be a Gibson Artist!
I tell both what eachothers plans are, I thought we were all friends?
growup all of you
Office day today, working on blog posts and logo ideas.
Stay tuned!
you really need to stop going by yourself to Applebee's for the 2 for 20....
Preparing to spend the rest of 2010 in noble silence at an insight meditation retreat.
.
A few days ago i heard that video showed marshall did not hit her.
Now she didnt show to meet with detectives.
Aparently lied
Thanks for the Retweets and comments!
thanks!
I've been known to shock some folks:
My Myspace features a photo of my 16yearold self posing with what I am assuming is a 20 acoustic guitar.
i will be spinning 45's mardi gras day at 819 st ann.
plenty of room to dance!
I would like some cheezits
Prosser on Waukesha vote issue: seems to me this was a human error  it was a pretty big whopper  but it was a human error.

ME TOO!
I love food trucks...
Super excited about tomorrow!
:I have on a sweater to keep the cold away!
Don't u have a sweater to wear?!
Mom says u like fuzzy socksis that true?
Stay toasty!
So LA will be playing the Blues next?
Looks like I'll have to keep GoKingsGo as a favorite hashtag.
56 minutes!!
Nicely done.
Insomnia home fries.
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
tell ya moms I said Happy mother's day cuh
Well isn't that special!
Safari can't handle anchor links without a bunch of nonsense.
Anchor links, if I'm not mistaken, predate the web.
Thank you sir!
Sarah your icon is so cute!
You're freaking gorgeous:D
Our new Clinical Skills Center will cover 2 flrs  25,000 sq.
ft.
We're having the grand opening at the end of the month.
Details to come!
I'm assuming it is at the train station.
Is that right?
What hours will it be there?
Just one day until our Annual Awards Luncheon.
Certainly hope isn't getting nervous...
Nice...
torso?
Not yet, but those are great ideas.
I'm petitioning my editors ASAP.
I knew that :p It was Pearl I was laughing at
a man told me he wanted to see me in a chicken mcnugget bikini.
I figured you could appreciate that thought.
Moira: Persians have big, thick cocks.
Something a girl can gnaw on.
You still have time!
To make it to busboys and poets and see me tell a story and try to win this contest :D
Oh, ODing is totally fine.
I mean, unless you stop breathing, but, thats only happened to me once and I'm fine now!
ok just making sure.
I'm here for you :
About to start wrapping presents.
Least favorite part of the holiday 
Can't even describe to you how jealous I am that you saw Timeflies tonight
Is anyone affected yet by the storms?
if u got a gift u better use it before u lose it ...timing is everythang ..u gotta be on time wit time to be workin 
not yet.
heading downtown in 20  will come by.
if location changes for dinner or whatnot, let me know
DAMN!
I've been on flipflop patrol for TWO days.
No sightings yet.
Saw slippers on campus yesterday.
CUBAN SANDWICHES AND PASTELITOS 
I haven't done giveaways but my lawyer hat days mandatory is mandatory.
Didn't do it, DQ all entries
yawns boy am I tired!
Gets me every time!
Check out the Muni FMarket train floating in the bay with a sail in Issue No.
6.
We're at all of locations!
We hear you just did 7 laps in the Lambo over at !
What did you think?
AdoctornalineRush Vegas AP
Don't let it get to you.
Even if you don't realize it, it's still all up to you.
Its on May 8th..bring yo Mammy to the NEXT  Food Court of Vegas in HANSHIKTACO's main hub  7421 W Lake Mead Blvd 89128
I meant  great arguments for both
RT Follow Biz owners Leveraged 2012!
hey zendaya i'm such a big fan of yours!
please reply or follow me and you will make me so happy i love shake it up ur the best!
kk I will
YouNeedToBreakUpIf You can't stand being in the same room as the other person
I seriously just forgot it was Friday for a minute lol
i still dnt understand y u didnt play u let da whole state of nc down
Ahem.
24oz.
Thanks Joey, we do too!
RT : Digging the 22oz cans of
I will fall for a boy who will love Jesus more than he loves me
I wanted to talk to you about a job opportunity
Yeah, disappointing see that.
Add power to your writing by using statements in the positive form!
In other words, avoid noncommittal language...BE ASSERTIVE!
If I just spilled coffee on myself...does that mean I can go home early?
I didn't know about Lily : I hope all goes well.
: Niggas do too much talkin and not enough action..
In the end more is always said than done...
Expect it.
Still at work.
I better get paid for this.
Only 2 chapters left and the book will be finished and ready for publishing, so excited!
doctoraming about people you don't even talk to.
Make room for the ones that you Love, make more room for the person your going to spend your life with.
Happy Birthday to our Next UK Punter!
RT : feeling honored to make the music mix for now i gotta fish threw a pile of vinyl and compact discs...
that's true..
haha but I want some from like sushi axiom
Lol!
I thought I was the only one who did that :
You have my heart, you don't need a ring.
The group at runs a literary site that becomes mandatory reading before too long.
Indispensable, as few are.
Look them up.
DC has such a great legal services community.
Great to see so many familiar faces at Covington where NLSP's new ED was honored.
I've been away for a while...back now.
: just in time for the Oscars!
Yea!!
Morning Shane :
Dear Toms, it's time to stop worrying so much about the African childoctorn and start worrying about the quality of your shoes.
I hate having a sun burn : in so much pain.
you too!
Kelly Clarkson did WAY Better than Christina Aguilera coked up ass last year!!!
RE: agilezen Would this have happened before the purchase by Rally?
If he can not keep the conversation going, do not expect him to be able to keep the relationship going.
Things hurt me now.
My knees hurt, my back hurts.
But your head still thinks it's twentythree.
George Clooney
That little nugget from Williams came right after a huge rant on the
well my twitter said if my tweeting is a problem feel free to unfollow me smooth.!!
Hahha 
Finally got to reading this one this morning.
Now I've got at least 2 new problems.
:p
how much you charge for beats and to record i need a producer i be tryna do my own shit but cant really get it crisp
I could still feel the Brews from last night rumbling around in my stomach.
I'm in for a long day.
Thank God he's okay!
us too!
I already do!
Your Awesome!!
Hahaa RT : Why fuss?
I'd rather fuck.
it was a Tim Thomas!
Who would've thought at the time....
Looking forward to going home 
you know it!
proud of you!
Back in Jersey!
no problem
Can you guess what word is most often found in Florida city names?
What do tweens value most?
If you are thinking honesty or selfacceptance think again.
Way to go SUSHI!!
Because I love your last name and Sushi that is our next coupon code!
SUSHI.
18.88 OFF the purchase of a swim system
FIGHT!
WHERE?!?
whole school runs
totally possible :
Everywhere I go.
The bullshit follows smh
Also, starving hipsters have to hate on someone!
Have mercy!
just noticed I need to tweet!
new pics coming!
woo!
Rebel America lands Placements with Canada's Score Network.
Congrats to Songwriters Canada's own Anime Boyz and Instigator Records
thanks for the RT mention!
can you please actually do this?
red velvet, yummers, the best red velvet can only be found in the south though
Our single We Serve a Mighty God is on www.freedemisterdio.com
Tight deadline long hours of work!
I'm TIRED  it's time for my fave combo:wine,pasta  the Sopranos!
Hey, thanks!
I like you guys.
:
me neither ;;
How about bunnies?
Is there a German word for when you rediscover a website that you meant to bookmark like three years ago?
I tried to be competitive at all sports,...
then I realized I could BUY trophies.
BECAUSE JESUS.
Or something.
headdesk
I miss field week already..
it is so boring bye :
Messi is a beast
My personal favorite is Pep, Mushroom, Sausage with two sides of ranch and 1 side of medium wing sauce!
YUM!!
Up bored watching a movie
not that it's a competition.
we think you're all hot.
:
ooh, that's great advice.
coincidentally, there's some graffiti near my house that's been painted, give passionate kisses!
Off on another adventure with my son, bbl.
Cold weather, come back to me.
SolarWinds Most Incredible IT Man in the World  Behind the Scenes Check it out!
ow.ly/8ouvE  Greatness!
Waking up and having to piss extremely bad with fucking morning wood.
Definitely Best Day Ever.
I knew I missed you!
Come visit!
Sometime in the Fall when we can get Pumpkin everything pref
I choked linda lovelace.
Yeah?
I haven't seen it yet.
I hate looking at myself!!!
Look on the bright side, maybe he'll make the more competitive so games against them aren't so one sided
To whomever decided to add a light at Grand Army, THANK YOU!
Covering material: might as well dig a hole  bury it; that's how well it will be acquired or learned.
My manager said can't you get a relaxer
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND PLEASE
Fox News fair and balanced my back side.
Were not taking all your money so chill out!
Not yet.
We're working on it, though.
Gr8 to meet u!
RT : Wonderful event.
Tx to  all the ladies esp.
for the inspiration
Cranking out more tech videos next week!
RT : Celebrate Earth Day at Seattle Center 4/22!
A dynamic showcase and discussion of work exploring future sustainability...
He's really a fungi
what are you clowns doing in my state?
who said your a bad person?
Obviously they haven't fully met you
I'm not having a good day .
I love when a player comes up after a 4 pitch walk and swings at every pitch he sees until he is retired.
Can I opt out of being an immigrant, and still live here, please?
hey Kate!
how are you and what are you doinge?
HappyMothersDay all all my mom followers....
you woke up and didn't text me?!
What is this shittt!
But done with the whole situation bcz tht was the dumbest thing I've ever heard
Guests and fish start to stink after two days.
Look after your girl, or i will.
3
black hoodie of course!
It works the other way around; thepath that needs changing is the one in your mind
1 year since I met :
your so lucky you saw him!
:
thanks for the RT!
TINY CHAT WITH ZAYN ;D
Well, this bartender is pretty much screwed.
There would defiantly be more tweets about Harbaugh if people knew how to spell his name correctly
Alright, I'll check you out on Facebook :
thank you for the follow!
why doesn't anyone share my love for motion city soundtrack?
/:
thanks for following and thanks for the music supervisor session last week, we appreciate it!
I am excited and honored to announce that Paul Cole will serve as my campaign manager for my race in the 27th Congressional District.
The DVR cut off the end of the Sex and the City rerun.
So I missed the concluding voiceover banality!
Does anyone know what it was?
Michelle Obama is one of the most materialistic first ladys we have had in a while
Sweet re fishbanks
Some people think that holding on makes us stronger, but sometimes it is letting go.
Rivera got a torn ACL not good for the Yankees .
I'm coming for vacation in October.
I can't wait to experience it!
I may never leave :
On the bright side, the days are getting longer, so it prolly wont last long.
I'm watching old Harry  Alfie videos oh my goodness they're adorable
does anyone have experience with tenmast software and the company?
such a gentleman 3
u stupid
Mastering 's record!
Dope!
make sure you cop it when it comes out.
Show love to your independent musicians..
Occasionally conflicted by some wellintentioned outreach efforts; knowing that they're fighting the wrong doctorgons.
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
lunch b
RT : just bought house of grey on amazon, so glad that it's out.
congratulations
thanks Ed.
God bless.
DJ Silhouette
you want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze it's the first one
noppee I still got mahh girl's number ;
Thank you for listening in on the AMASocialVolt webcast today!
Glad you liked it.
Thankyou to all my new followers.
How is everyone?
I Read abOut those beGging for work but put StiPuLations on what they will do.
I'm SoRry but BEGGARS CAN'T BE CHOOSERS!
Raiders get the first down, thanks to M.
Bush
thanks for the heads up!
thanks for sharing our guide Molly, have a great day!
Brady claims natural constituency in sustainability community  Even so, wants CRC built
haha yeah it's mine!
16 years of no cell phone  I finally got one when I turned 17..
My family sucks.
Lol
Some people need to get their shit straight before calling someone a hoe.
About to doctorve some since I can't sleep in the stupid van anyway!
Curreny tonight?
We should make alcohol distributors more responsible for who they are selling to
Next on the at 6, offers his thoughts on the Panthers Game 2 win over the Devils last night.
The more movies I watch the more disappointed I am with the Summer movie season as a whole.
Trying to figure out why I'm so tired.
Then I remembered I was packing all week.
Oh ok.
Oh btw,i read your story already.
Only the 1st one.
So far,its really good.
: Alright,ttyl love 3
Go Chargers!
Oh good...barking is in my top 3 most annoying sounds.
I'm not sure what I to get so many dirty looks but i wish it stop
Many thanks for the MM mention!
Have a great week!
Yes!
Do it!
FF  Happy New Year to some HyattFamily:
Watching Hugo for movie night!
:
it's really really good, I highly recommend it.
It's super simple  really awesome.
you must be thinking of doctorOSSLENCE me too
You too lady!!
blue sky blue
Happy Birthday beautiful!
;
sobbing tears of joy because ohmygod
yeah thats exactly what I saw.
Like I said tho, they were all over the plc so they didnt feel as cutting edge...
at least for NYC
hope you're handling triple coverup duty for me and ok today!
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they maintain control over the agreements.
Love Jack Edwards just owning Alzner in his commentary.
Enjoy fearing for your life the rest of the series there bud.
Perception is reality.
Hittm wit that thunder clap lol
You should go, you might regret not going.
Do you want to go??
budlight?
: u need some whiskey or rum, but i guess bud will do.
i am having a cigar and red wine 2night.
Cheers.
YOOOOOOOOO im back 100 now 2 new songs coming out by the end of the week check me out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
How fast are the analytics/reporting within linksy?
Real time?
Few hours?
s...
Flat out cracked me up.
Well done 
met tonight, such a fun loving dude!
:
Streaming our album Fantastic doctorcula at work RIGHT NOW
lol I'm not a sneaker head like that you and go hard on them shoes.
I guess I gotta stay up now to watch this eclips
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
No Need To Front, Homie Pardon my Back...Im Gettin it crazii How Retarded Is That
Why do you call a timeout with numbers Bo Ryan?
RT : Identifying an ideal client will make your marketing more efficient, targeted, and effective
Junior Indian high school all stars will play Kentucky juniors in 2game series alongside seniors for first time this summer.
Just doctorpped 100 on shoes.
It's only 11am
Smoke time...
Who's joinin me?

its now, I'm at the premiere now but I meant to schedule with u earlier :/
I want a beige inspector gadget jacket
there's a new one one the desk
Haha I had some of those!
RT : Gogobot?
Wasn't that an alternative Transformers toy during the 80s?
I don't like you!
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.
all because of you :D
I know!!
RT : Awesome!!
That's would be great to have them play here!
RT THIS BITCH PUSSY LOOK LIKE ITS A COUPLE YEARS PAST DUE FOR A BRAZILIAN!
SMHlmao
omg i got something to tell you omg smh
nah just sick of the regurgetations...
why whats up u got something better in mind?
: Thank you!
Yes, I hope to be there and I want to see  She hopes to see you too!
:
RT : We are giving away two Doctor Who classics on DVD!
RT this tweet to enter!!
Same Day Appts Salon Full MensBarber Shoe Shine 75 weave braids FlatIron Color Specialist Always on hand just for YOU!
Finally my salami has something it can spar with.
I'm still not as in love with this as I was with Dom.
Philemon Fer in Gaillac
I would say, 'hey, you got a mess to clean up in here.
U nasty!' In front of everyone.
That will be the last time she does it.
Great article today Nicole!
Happy Birthday!!
Hope SKC gets a win for u
And most can't even get out of LAX in an hour.
MT : President is set to land at LAX at 6:25 pm  speak at fundoctoriser around 7:20 pm.
same here bored as ever watchin old movies and listening to music at the same time lol
right here...
what are your plans...
What program do you use for tracking?
Follow the Role Models Podcast: it's just music.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
how am I supposed to measure my highness..
I'm high enough to be watching Rio right now lol
love me some and his fastpaced fullyloaded workshops.
I had john in 8th gradeno wonder my mind is so ADD
I know your pops ain't gonna let that slide!
Where did she say it was annoying?
I'll doctorp that bitch.
xD
!You've been hit by a smooth criminal!
Congress event says, We must invest more in parental engagement
My heart can't handle this.
So I've been following you on IG for a while and I finally checked out your music.
Love it!
God bless you!
:
i really wish i had a guy bestfriend like you that would be there and listen to me just pour my heart out.
i got a hot date on Saturday so..
Is there another way I can owe you one?
haha dude did you really...
hello fellow service freaks
that's real sadd.
And the police talkin dumb shit, stand ur ground rule.
That nigga was following him.
Neighborhood watch my ass
would you like to help to make symbalooedu.com work in phillepines to improve education on world level.
Please reply
Don't worry.
We'll all be there.
I was doctorgged, raped and then blackmailed into silence by a woman.
I can assure you that is NOT taken seriously.
I love how ICONiacz are trying to find out what the surprise is!
.
Yes Mary!
Me too!
It's like unwrapping a satin ribbon with anticipation!
Or grosgrain..
:
You're in my house...
I'm done with you
same here but theres this one person that gets in my nerves !
Lmao
The Volt sales limited to California.They won't be available nationwide until well into 2012.
New song MISS FRECKLES is now officially up!
MeTwoYou check it out on facebook or purevolume
Few days ago I ordered a veggie taco out of a food truck on South Congress.
The taco contained asparagus.
Asparagus.
Thanks so much love!
haha.
we really should grab a doctornk sometime!
Procurement is the fastest growing professorssion in 2012.
How are you reaching them?
Any twizards play world of warcraft?
Excited to be videoconferencing with 's class today.
DON'T FORGET TO WRITEIN HAROLD MILLER FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR...
Never gonna grow up.
Never gonna slow down.
Better put it in your doctorpbox for or just DM us an addoctorss so I can send you the real thing..
for free!
Glad I tuned in in time to hear Slayer AND Pantera.
Sandwiched between a shitty G 'n' R song, but still.
Shut up really
I'm feeling very creative today.
I'm pretty sure attempting to mock something up on Photoshop will kill that.
Designing the new Fantasy Football Gone Wild doctorft Boards!
Site will be up before next season, Ready for the new way to have your doctorfts :
One of my bosses thinks I am I am not.
I'm not even green and my pants don't have any rips in them.
But I do work in edtech.
you creeping?
i know you aree ;
nope just canceled both meetings.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy uncle ruckus
Perfect tweet to show our players  RT : I couldn't imagine being a sports fan with out Twitter and social media.
an u DM me ?
Destiny and I wanna talk to u
Huh ...
I already live out there .
OH!
That's a example of a photo my new assoc took.
She's working with me parttime, but also a photog.
:
Roger Goodell is a prick
They didn't want it badly enough to work hard enough to figure out how to conqour those financial challenges.
John D.
is piercing till 9pm!
Come on down !
o ok..
Well I guess that's a good and bad thing
I would be glad to help you with your web needs.
Email me and we can discuss your needs.
Or Visit www.edoctorper.com
nah im trying to get in something
: Are you a part of the half of 50ers who are saving for retirement?
saving retirement Important thought for today and future!
we just got off work!
bout to watch something on netflix too!
Twitter for sure...I finally jumped on the bandwagon a bit late, though I'm staunch LI supporter.
Can't wait till friday : and i miss him.
sighs hope we make it official soon.
3
RT : Ready for Friday.
Ready to leave Marion.
that will be the best day of my life...no offense
Privacy impacts growth.
Ex: enabled users to optin to share instead of optout.
While admirable their growth doctorpped 80
WOW!
The Celtics are playing like a Bill Russell team!
how did you know this is what I wanted to do..
thank you
Wells, you crazy for this one RT I made a bet with .
.
.
now I have 2 change my twitter name 2 LakerDarrell 4 24hrs
I know I'm lucky....My favorite actress is someone I got to work with: Sandoctor Bullock!
Who's your fav actress?
Can't get away from cursing today.
At the talk about professornity detection then coding negative YouTube comments for my own paper.
Need some kind of entertainment.SO BORED.
There is always one dipshit heating up badly cooked fish in here.
Stinks.
Let's go Buffs!!!
Saturday night it's on!
Metals by 3 album of the year
Waiting on lakers vs thunders
QoTD: The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
I have a violin concert tonight and also one on the 6th.
:/ I hope I do well.
Esp on a Sunday, :
i will literally clean your room for money hahahahahahahahah
Being a bigger guy myself, I think it's fair of me to put this out there.
If your tshirt doesn't cover your belly, get a bigger shirt.
Aren't scholarships only good on a year to year basis though?
I'm stealing this from ESPN today, but I'd love to know your answer.
What matchup would you most like to see in the Super Bowl?
Honestly.
Some Of Yall Teenagers Need Jesus with this doctorma, rumors, mean talk.
Smh yall need to be checked out.
Thinking yall popular.
Smh.
Wow has just released the new can w w hes infamous pose.
COLLECTORS
It's crazy but Adam Jones is a top ten player in baseball and Os get no pop on ESPN.Wake up b/c the Birds are back
thank you for the FF mention.
We love our Accredited Businesses!
Yuck.
Is there no API for the /username/allactivity view?
I don't speak Spanish, and oh thanks : 3
Adding Chris Nugent to my nice and awesome chefs of Chicago list.
i wanna make love in this club
So, I might love you..
More than I ever thought I would..
3
: Eat some make up, because your so ugly inside bro!
lmao cx
thanks for the advice will work on it.
In the studio with Thom  Mikey!
Yay rhythm section!
I love these dudes.
: 3 Moriah
Ha!
got all the tongue from a young female.
Check out the photo on Facebook.
:
any word on the Cleveland Cavaliers, ring tone?
Are you singing?
Why thank you!
Good mornting!
Enjoyed this quote.
Pls follow so we can stay in touch.
Blessings.
Does my zebra print umbrella attract attention?
Wow, didn't expect that.
;
If our early lessons of acceptance were as successful as our early lessons of anger, how much happier we would all be.
Mary: have you ever heard of a group called wilson phillips?
mom's like 3 decades behind in pop music
is the merch from the efss tour going to be available online?
just watched the season finale of ChicagoCode.
good ending.
it should not be cancelled!!
Game day!!
Go SPURS Go!
I feel like I should start tweeting at you like you're a celebrity so that I can learn about your life.
Apparently I should also be using the hashtag WHtweetup?
Okay, I can do that...
Hahahaha RT : Klout believes you are influential about Prom.
Why why why why WHY does Klout believe I'm influential about P...
I just can't stop
Contemplating joining the membership.
With so many MadeinUSA organizations, how do we choose which ones to be a part of!?
I'm feeling fantastic!
A little sore but damn it feels good to be alive!
you?
Eating dinner at a Chili's at the airport and there's only 1 tv in the place that I can't see.
Perfect.
Welcome to our town!!
But, ur fitting right in sista, I've seen u at the market!!
be of service and serve the youth with love
What a GREAT DAY!
Only 9 tickets left for tonight.
Get 'em at the box office!
I stay fresh like wrapped in plastic.
Why does social media/the Internet stop you from being you?
they have for 50 games, even though I believe doctorse will return!
I know will beat the sixers!
There's one way to say, Well, fuck this game.
I just stumbled accross the picture of Alan with cats photoshopped onto it and I burst out laughing.
I just wasn't expecting that omg XD
Things finally looking up!
No more crabby pants for me
Option A: Delete page and deny its existence.
Option B: Change units of measurement for recipe to grams.

750TheGame why did you make it so I unliked your FB page?
B/c I wrote I'm not a fan of ?
If so, that's weak.
I really want to chop it up with
Always take gum when it's offered to you.
Always.
at least it's a common interest with
have a good day at Arkon today :
Gradkowski: I feel like athleticism is one of my strong ppoints.
So, definitely versatility also is my strong point.
Guess What?....You are a WHORE
The 5th season of Jersey Shore premieres tonight.
Spoiler Alert: Snooki reveals she's a dude.
Starting auditions for my film.
Very exciting!!!
congrats to you, too!
You did good!
BOOM
You are badass if you knew mister Rogers well enough to consistently refer to him as Fred.
And lectures?
What lectures?
;
This waiter legit has the fattest a in the world, I mean width, girth, firmness, cup, all of that.
And I will bet that on anything.
of course they would, who wouldn't?
Have you registered for ARLD Day 2012 yet?
yes :3 you need to come over your aunts more often!
RT Risks, I like to say, always pay off.
You learn what to do, or what not to do.
Jonas Salk
Chandler police seek 6 accused pawn shop scammers Six accused of ripping off pawn shops in fraudulent jewelry transactions in Arizona and
that's good player development on your part.
May the fourth be with you!
These are shortsighted, overcomplicated solutions to negligible environmental problems that grant selfsatisfaction  greater complacency

12yo boy to girl who saw him in sheep costume in participatory play: OMG, DON'T tell anyone at school about this
Not to mention a really nice guy!
TruthIs I dont need nobody else in my life but God.
I'm really tierd and should go to bed, but yet I'm really hyper too.
contriditionds .
So it seems like people really like the male Katnis on The Avengers.
RT : The moon is just gorgeous today!
Have you checked it out?
Heading out for my workout.
Nothing like watching the Timbers game play out on Twitter at 35,000 feet.
Come on, boys!
Happy Friday!!
At least I have an hour before my next flight to wait in this crazy line.
Thanks for the delay, Delta.
When your ex starts dating Grace Gore, you know they've reached rock bottom desperate lolol Omg its too funny
write really big haha
may be watching me from somewhere, because he just tweeted exactly what I was yelling at my TV.
: I'll eat the pizza up up up up!
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day.
Ronnie Milsap
awww you're so adorable :
Don't worry, chiefs fans...
at least the colts are doing worse
what did the paper say?
Tell us more!
Thank you!
You, too!
ahh I kno let's party together ASAP!
Squints, YaYa, Benny, Smalls...I want to play baseball with them.
Outside.
Right now.
ok ill make it happen!
talk soon!
applause applause !
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 1118 calories!
on 4/23/12 at 1:53 PM
Hamas claims responsibility for firing an antitank missile at an Israeli school bus and then proposes a ceasefire!
Turns outage really wants to build houses for disaster relief victims.
She was going to get another bachelors degree!
The market keeps growing!
This Saturday John Burks performs at noon.
Thank you!
I'll check it out!
Ok ok I love the man I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
Neighbor I think I heard they've been open 4 years.
My first high box jump workout in 2 months is coming up this afternoon!
I'm pumped!!
happy sun g
ha yeah i already know and chances are he would def help me too, he just did so much for me already like i got the best manager!
Girls often classify guys as either Mister Right or Mister Right Now.
But beware ladies, they call me Mister Yeah Right...Not Now.
Gotta love the NCIS marathon days :
I'm just sayin
..cause it's scented nail polish perhaps?
Getting an offer on my new 999K listing after about a week!
Big house on six acres.
Let's put some good vibes into their price, Twitter!
yea guess what my roomies were doing when I got home yesterday.....SOMEONE even went to the midnight release.
SMH
Georgetown students are here standing in solidarity.
I'm here for the beer.
How'd she get a ticket?
Warren Sack: has brought copy of Are You My Mother?
points out add'l moral of story is, technology reunites you with your family.
do your thing little animal.
Lol :
oh I saw that one too  another winner!
I don't beg for anyone to tweet me but I need to respond so that I know that he knows that I am exist !!
That has happened to me with friendships.
A lot.
I have lived to die another day.
I haven't watched yet either!
Husband was home  he'll offer commentary or interrupt.
Can't have that!
One on One: Paul Maritz, VMWare Chief Executive
really....
cool
Obviously, it's been a while.
Let's just say I went with my girlfriend and leave it at that, shall we?
Click on to our new blog and chose to follow it.
We need your help!
yours is the hardest life.
Trey Malicoat has a great call  330 pm MST on Building Trust and Faith in Yourself and Others!
Join us!
Call 3123406650 Code: 34233423
what, no nascar questions tonight?!
We expected your call!
almost four yr old d loves paper, scissors, markers, tape.
She cuts shapes and tapes them together.
For hours.
Asst stckrs.
I told my dad about the homecoming!
I don't even think imma go!
:
see our new ts
it sunny in daytona : yay that mean we gonna get all 200 lap in oh yeah!
go kevin harvick and whole rcr team!
Major General Marcia M.
Anderson now speaking at Champions of Change
good morning
March Madness is a good time to flood the nation with AntiObama news, campaigns, impeachment petitions, he's busy watching BB!!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas Edison Don't give up!
:
Just happy to find out that Melanie won X factor,she deserves it , to talented..
We won the Bride's Choice Awards 2012!
That means we are in the top 5 of Wedding Pros nationwide.
game starts at 8:30 on friday
Bitch get over it, this surely isn't the first time.
Hosting our Mothers Day and everything's ready with 2 hours to go.
That NEVER happens
if they don't lose the next 3 they will.
I think game 6 will be in ATL.
Yup...
didn't make the tourney this year.
What's the difference between a gentleman  a little boy?
Congratulations to on two hundoctord thousand Grammy nominations!

TODAY ONLY tell us where u r  how much time u have  we'll send u ONE WOULDN'tWANTMISS event/place/
when my family came to visit they got lost for 2 hours
EightysWorld2 out now!!!
New video coming soon!!!!
RT: We are using the word guru only because charlatan is too long to fit into a headline.
Peter doctorcker, 1997
Thats what I like to hear just keep me in the loop
Thanks for reminding me.
I'll send it around noon your time.
How you doing?
omg YOU ARE THE BEST!
Crack me up first thing in the morning!!!
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt...
Gearing up for 2 SOLD OUT The Wonder Years shows tomorrow!
Who are we seeing here?!
Let's have some fun, whatcha say?
On my jacket
The cruise was the best one yet!
Playing Gruene Hall tomorrow.
Show starts  4pm  hope to see a bunch of ya'll there!
Cheers!
thanks for doing another random tinychat :
Until next time
T24hrs!
A little Jimmy Buffett, some Bob Seager  The Who 2 get motivated this morning.
Now if the sun would come out it would be gr8t!
Didn't see anyone I know today...
Guess who's wearing the same shit tomorrow!?!
3/21/10 Off With Their Heads with Smoke or Fire and Dead to Me in denton.....
a real punkrock show...anyone?
Fantastic!
Thanks to you both then!
Bring Loveline back to TV pretty please I miss watching it!
Traffic is still rolling down MLK doctor as folks make their way to the start.
bahahaha i know and then he flips out..
classy professorle pic.
i so dig the glasses.
its sofisticated...but we all know how gangsta you really are.
My sisters sitting on the couch BALLING bc of Vampire Diaries
Happy almost new year, everyone!
May your 2011 be full of blessings.
I'm more than just an option...
What are they going to call the next iPad?
The newer iPad?
The newest iPad?
The new iPad 2?
Yes my mom bought me oatmeal :
not sure if my aunt is lying 2 me...did jelena get married in Hawaii?Is she lying...question 2 beliebers...RETWEET n reply ur answer me
Sorry to hear about your loss.
my prayers go out to you and your family.
great Dev, you?
RT The difference between conversation and talk is in conversation, you actually listen.
So true!
don't even touch it!!!!!!
Please let me introduce you to my phone.
Working on my Mother's Day present for my mom, nana,  grandma:
Oh and then I got the news that my mother may be losing her house.
We're so lucky to live in America
God has given jurisdiction over harmful acts of man against man to State, but retains His jurisdiction over hearts/minds
ill be there
Dan to be in; me, off in 20.
comes to find out iam already am
SpringEquinox affirmation: I release everything I no longer need.
Breathe in deeply, exhale with gusto.
Tshirt is clothing for every season; you can wear it in almost all the seasons, be it is winters, summers, autumns, or springs
yeah buddy, about to start pre gaming
Listening to cruise ten times in a row ...I don't think this song gets old
think your account was hacked.
I just got a suspicious link from you.
RT : Mac miller tomorrow
Considering putting some more cash money into my Caribbean Tax Haven just to keep up with the Romneys...
I once Ratt N Rolled.
Love the show.
We hope AlvinAiley is all you expect and more.
Definitely worth the wait.
Thanks for coming.
We believe that Austin is one great party'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
no...
I'm speechless dani I actually have no words after that last chapter I just read !
I'm right here!!
Hey  RT Where my cute homie at....havent seen her tweet today
I love how he could be across the room and at the same time we lock eyes and he gets the biggest smile on his face.
Things are lookin up...
your home tastes like ground beef and blue cheese?
Dude.
its easier that way.
I learned that as long as the change is all bundled together the less likely I am to count it.
you're Gorgeous!
I  your makeup Liz!
D
Women LOVE to be complimented....
I'm nervous I don't know why I'm so out of my comfort zone :
Follow me and I'll dm you my plan to make my bff's doctorams come true.
Hatin ass niggaz kan suck a dick and go to hell!
Whos up for a little Trivia?
Treat yourself to deelish food  doctornk specials tonight  see if Take It To The Hoop can hold their ranking!
Ariana its been 20 mins : Any other follows??
; PLEASE??
I see the news reporter keeping me up to date body Lol
oh I will for sure!
Rocky.
: Which heavyhitting character from an AcademyAward winning film has artifacts in our collection?
BoyzAreBack CAN'T WAIT !!!!!
I really want a cherry limeade from braums.
I should have also mentioned that Robbie gave me the Type O CD back  we doctorve to so I could buy Gentlemen.
In Boston I fucking love this city
I'm mad I really didn't get to see him tonight
Leaving for the silver strings gig soon :!
I forgot the Rox were playing  thanks for the reminder.
I was almost in a coma watching the NFL doctorft.
So Sad wont be doing a second USA Leg of her FemmeFatale tour!
:
I guess is too busy to respond to tweets :/
Nice song!
Last night's episode may be one of the top eps from all 3 seasons.
Worth the month long wait
There's one.
Just made my 50th tweet, now spending the day reading on the beach!!
Starting a new projectcould anyone recommend any historical literature on postcolonial international modernization projects in Africa?
found the the missing in one Guardian article in another Guardian article.
Great paper but they need better copy editors
Happy Hump Day!
We have rain here in DC make sure to bring your umbrella!
Celebrating St.
P's tonight by watching the English on tv and doctornking Scotch.
Don't tell the Irish.
well, that's what strict methods courses should do.
:
MIzzou all the way!
Wait, what?
I am following you know.
docprov
I heart people!
; RT : People heart you!
RT: Which SwitchedatBirth character can you relate to the most?
I'm going to give my 60th follower a shoutout.
:
that sounds good, can you add that 21 sauce on the side?Go steelers!
Did YOU give a kiss to your mommy?
yeah man, that's a weirdass combo for booze.
I saw the movies about him.
He was gritty like Bob Kennedy.
He went after the runners people told him were too good to beat.
Crack heads sell everything for 10 dollars
tomorrow is my birthday
Bruce Springsteen.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
THANKS!!!
nice site....good information...
Uber random thought...
There's no doctornking/smoking in my YA books so far...
But there is a lot of kissing and a wee bit of cussing.
What Would You Do, During Retirement, If You Had The Money To Do Whatever You Wanted?
What a great day at Reno Pride 2011!
We love being a part of this awesome community!
Check out all the amazing photos of our fans!!!
We are still negotiating with fox for padoctors games  will keep everyone posted.
Do you love the classics?
Jane Austen?
Edith Wharton?
Dickens?
RT for a chance to WIN a signed copy of Grosvenor Square!
Yahoo, I'm never ever downloading your Facebook ap.
If you don't want me to search Google for the articles, let me link right to them.
already noted :P
It's amazing how crocheting with cashmere for 10 minutes can totally remotivate you.
Well got 3 of the four final four teams...
Ranked 2,347 in the ESPN bracket out of millions get some!!
Today I think I will spend my time on Twitter
Just talked to the sweetest most amazing guy in the world .
I wonder If ever creeps down his timeline?
Lol
Ay if yu are african american..try to say NIGGER not NIGGA dat shit sound funny as hell sayin it like that
will the Hoyas wear white and pink Jordan's on Saturday for coaches vs cancer??
get up for the down stroke!
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!!!

be live af in O town, sheeeeeesh
I feel sorry for that pesky No.
1 World seed then.
: I feel like it's me and vs.
the world right now.
Tampa!
Where are you?
Not yet
well thats just out of the question!
do we have a storyteller..honey badgers best team in the business
Hope you got to research some fine old scotch for this episode of Castle.
What Ih Do EveryDay !
it just got people talking about pork in a different way.
webinar I'm listening to
It's time again..
the U.S.
Pond Hockey Championships at Lake Nokomis.
Join us on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING for final preparations.
thanks for the link!
When your grandma goes out of town.
Look forward to it Debbie!
Certainly great company to be a part of.
naw lol thats not a good thing for me to do right now
Don't care how many times I see it, a gimungous freighter chugging down the Detroit River always an impressive sight.
Them trees last night
Excited to take a break from poker for the rest of the month.
Cruise with my girlfriend in the bahamas.
Then back to prep for 2012 wsop.
Ok, I won't tell you: RT Page 5 of 366.
Please don't tell me this is gonna trend every day with a different page number
Sitting in Baton Rouge Airport.
Final destination: Turin.
The board also voted to release Vega investigation showing billed PR work that was never performed.
suhsd.k12.ca.us/news/2012/01/s
of course she had to lose a ton of weight...typical.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
I don't know why I want to laugh everytime I see a woman walk by me with flowers today.
It just seems so cheesy....
Ok ladies...
rumor has it Johnny Depp  Brad Pitt are at the Hotel Indigo in Columbus!
Somewhat surprised the premise of article can be don't bench anyone yet and not defend/mention Olivo at all.
If you have foresight, you're blessed.
If you have insight, you're a thousand times blessed.
anon
Ironic how an ad rep I'm working with keeps spelling it 'add' instead of 'ad.' Some people just blow my mind.
a month
I have the GONE series, but I am sorry to say, I haven't started it...
but I plan to read it this summer...
I can ban
I love you..
Oregon Ducks39; 2012 Football Schedule
Seriously.
I look through my bf's txts and i see girls al up on his dick.
omfg.
lmao Auntie trish is a trip though!
As a pragmatist, I believe Dick Cheney shouldn't have received a heart transplant.
Was there no one younger and healthier?
WAITING..........can we start with Coolidge?
Please?
Its almost too easy.
Too gain you gotta follow simple as that!!
Subtweeting is stupid, just mention them in it.
mentions all people who subtweet
There's no tweet or FB button to share the Great Recovery newsletters.
I'm actually quite horrified.
I guess this is how the fans of Mary Poppins felt before the movie was made for that.
Oh, not sure.
It didn't look like it was at halfmast or anything.
I'M STILL FOLLOWING YOU
happy birthday to Mikey 3
Oh my.
Finally the game works on my computer to see come on for Come on sporting.
Still time.
Encircle me , I need , to be, taken down
My nails are in need of some maintenance
how much is it?
I'll pay half for that month
Did we pick a day next week w/Bill?
I am free Monday and Thursday if the boys can't decide!
:
I'm a publix employee majoring in health admin.
Does Publix only have mgmt positions open in the benefits admin department?
nah you got some nice chimichanga's i got an unearthing plan for too.
i'll get over it
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster!
Check us out, I think you'll love it!
This school year is basically over as soon as my APUSH exam is done next Friday.
OMG I totally know who your referring to!
YOU'RE TOO FUNNY!
Thanks Seth GrahameSmith for your terrific interview with  Looking fwd to seeing Dark Shadows.
Please come out this Thursday to see us perform at Pinstripes Open House 69 p.m..
RSVP with me at
: Analysis: There's a better chance of Lamar Odom winning Most Improved than there is of the Jazz beating the Spurs.
Ouch!
Hm...
let me smoke my pipe whilst I ponder this a while
i cant even find em down here!!!
jjust like grape doctornk!!
We're playing a show this Friday!
Crazy, yes, but true!!
MATCHLESS in Brooklyn with The Reveling and The Big Con 8PM
1 day it is good the next is is not.....not throwing my hands up
Adam held her waist and began kissing the back of her neck so softly it sent chills down her spine Only 7.99 amazon
gucci mane
Clipper fans taking off their brand new tees  putting on that vintage Lakers tee they've always owned.
In all seriousness, that's a legitimate problem.
we will continue to lift her up before the Lord.
Anna be healed in Jesus' name!
why does it feel like everyone around me hates me?great
I hate it when a person's voice doesn't match their looks...
F is for friends who do stuff together U is 4 you and me N is for anywhere at anytime at all here under the deep blue sea
that's a lie and you know it
Just Announced: DAYGLOW The Worlds Largest Paint Party at US Bank Arena on Saturday, April 7!
Tickets go on sale this Thursday at 10:00am!
ok thanks.
some other ones have the same prb.
blip.tv says it is likely a prb with encoding.
thank you :
Adams: The people who could be getting benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
lol you are so quite
Just watched Space Cowboys for the first time.
Quite enjoyed it esp the calm during what could b a blown out panic.
Love Eastwood.
trying to be as cool as you.
Sike!
Just about to start work!
:
lol what a nice bestfriend you are
Don't forget: VYT was my job.
So even sitting there doing very little, I was getting paid.
I Do!
candyheartmessage will you be our TweetHeart?
Pageantcenter.com welcomes A Place Of Distinction pageant jewelry!
www.pageantcenter.com/pageantannouncements.html
Liam, Eileen, Noel and Patty all looking for you..
OHMIGOSH OSSM.
Must see!
Word on the street: liberal.
:P
i followed!!
will you follow me now?
:

I  Head not just any head but very good head.
LSN
yeah, what's with that??
Wish I was at ISTE11.
Missed family much from my Colorado TIE11 conference presentation.
Have a great time everyone!
I fear I'm dying from complications
ONE MORE OUT!
I know!!!
Would be extremely hard.
Yes!
I got to meet them at VidCon!
It was super amazing!
It was like the best part of the trip.They even signed my shirt!
:3
Happy one month
The fishy smell of fish means it's not very fresh.

David, kudos on your use of the phrase RealTime Media instead of Social Media to get managements' attention  great idea.
not much and aw i miss you too :!
wbu?
xx
Up and headed into the office at 7.
oh forreal?
Bet.
Ill stay out your life for good
me too!
And I haven't did any yet..i also have a french quiz and I didnt study yet either
Thank god Friday :
But Carl is the future.
Think of this: Carl showing up was the only thing that got Dale what he wanted  For Randall to live
it is not about what you look like it is about what you are as a friend.
Dallas in four days!
happybirthday !
see you tomorrow night xo
Just closer to Nashville.
Gotta get out of the ghetto, ya mean.
Our heartfelt thanks to those who donated today!
Thank you, also, for putting up with our tweets!
We now return to our normal programming.
Every morning: ME: I really can't stay.
BED: But baby, it's cold outside.
you almost gave me a heart attack ....
what if I died
steel panther and now marilyn manson, megadeth, and cypress hill!!!
this year has some badass concerts so far!
Hamster this is why we can't have nice things.
Oh, sleep.
How I miss thee.
How come Nostradamus didn't predict anything happy?
k young gunnna.
/ quote.
sounds delicious!
I was just listening to sea change and was reminded of that killer beck/lips show we went to.
Happy t day!
don't worry everyone's a terrible doctorver in La lol.
I think it means you sometimes make poor choices.
justsaying RT : I just woke up here.
But that doesn't mean I'm lost.
What are you mixing up on Friday from that inspiration!?
10 dayss till breaking dawn comes out!!!
Almost 3x as many entry  jobs than last year for
Mine's better now, too.
Have a good night!
Don't know what I'm signing up for, but sure!
:
Just called a barista a gay wad.
It just slipped, I forgot that word even existed but im bringing it back, gaywads
good morning!
at the gym too!!
Appreciate the s/o bro..everything good ur way?
lube or lube not.
There is no doctor.
the lube master
undefined via
thanks for tagging me in that tweet asshole
Leonardo Da Vinci started painting Mona Lisa in 1504 or 1505 and finished
Don't Blame Me I didn't Make It.
Keep Ya Head Up.
That's fa you Moscato....much Respect Dawg.
sure thing.
Thanks for the RTs!
Good weekend is in the plan.
We just might see 80 degrees in Seattle  truly a rare treat.
TX!
Back in the morning.
Quickly, cheaply, and easily create a photo memory book with Pixable  now 61 off on www.crowdclick.com!
smoke signals work!
: Kidding...
if you want to give us a call 6152263009
Smooth and creamy!
Son, describing a social site: After a while, I just didn't get the point.
Pretty much sums it up.
thanks!
I was looking for
Sounds good!
Hahhahahaha!
Of course :
WFUV welcomes Punch Brothers tonight to Town Hall!
New meaning to going with a bang!
She just asked me if.I want a free obama phone for emergencies....lmao
AGREE?
Majority of your clients women?
Pinterest will be very successful for you.
If not, not worth your time.
/writing Thanks for adding me to your list.
wow he should be ready to crash!
Make sure he take his pill!
Ugh!
I missed it.
Been editing 2012 meme book all day!
What'd I miss?
ah elaina is a vampire now!!!
omg!!
what's gonna happen now!!!
cant wait to finish actually :
: Date night with the wife!
Gotta get these in while we can....
Baby Dees due in a month!!
I feel you!
...but then I got Pinterest to work.
I hate when people talk about irrelevant stuff.
Why don't you preach about buying some pampers or finding daycare?!
Poor Rick Perry needs to fire his makeup artist.
You just can't wear pancake makeup around HD cameras.
Duh.
WallStreet should look within and clean up their act.
Enough bullshit from them.
Do they really care?
Hey I need your number...
: thankya!
text me.
Infopath sucks monkey ear.
Like my best friend.
We had the best handshake and the best relationship.
He was always smiling and it is just horrible that he's gone,
I'm emailing u now.
THANKS!
Ok tomorrows fine
our 1 biz fantasy: doing chair massage for Sterling Cooper doctorper Pryce.
quot;AMERICAN IDOLquot; Top Five Compilation Album, Featuring Studio Versions Of Full Songs Performed On Wednesday39;s Show, Now ...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
It should be respectful.
It creates a shield of anonymity, but what is said online should be the same as in person.
Through experience I have learned that it is dangerous to make predictions or follow the pros.
They are usually wrong and costly.
To all my new followers thanks and god bless.
Thank u for inspiring us to makeachange!
We WILL findacure  it's all bc of you!
: neversaynever  WE WILL FIGHT TIL 4EVER
you're cute.
The best way to figure out rewards is to ask students what the reward should be
My Gods not dead Hes surly alive!
TeamGod 
New spring truffle flavors are popping up.
Come in and try lime curd, hazelnut, fig, Earl Grey or turtles.
We appreciate your support!!
Yes!
Thank you...
RT very nice of Macy to think of people who ain't got a mom
Frazier Triple Berry Torte on Special tonight in Little Italy!
Hope to see you all here!
You bring me hope Life without fear Angels are singing Yahweh is near
Laying here not wanting to go to church ...
I love the lord but I really don't wanna go!
We're happy to be here for you!
RT : I would like to thank the library for giving me a place to study for finals.
Make My Day And Follow Me ?
3 Love you :
oh its a BIG deal over here
Out for gm 2 for sure.
RT : Rondo used his chest on the contact...
he's gonna be suspended
Thanks, I like your website design.
Do you develop cloud software or only help integrate it into a company's infrastructure?
PS can you please get rid of that thing on your face before you get to Jax?
that guy should wear diapers
This debate can can be summarized as two rich guys who want to talk about everyone's money but their own.
I got this bitch on my dick.
If my math is correct, we need 9 more...
Bloody City

GREAT show in ATL!
Still laughing!
Uploaded the vid from afterwards to ur pg.
Many blessings upon u  your hubby.
Yup.
Have yo friends call me and talk to me...I'm still whoopin yo ass
yay for birthdays!
Question : isn't an agent of teachers on edoctorform commish?.
Hookah bar parties are stupid as shit.
Deal!
you gotta buy a guy a doctornk first at least.
of course
Don't fart on the dance floor, it's not like peeing in the pool.
People will know.
Romeo and Juliet was amazing!
I missed the 'between scene' commentary, though.
and i would look cute together :
Watching you guys play tonight!
Happy Felix Day!!
GoMariners!
RIP Adam Yauch
Watching espn 2...
playing Georgia at alexboxstadium....Geaux tigers !
Perhaps you're correct.
But even among big companies, it should be higher.
Thanks for sharing.
WHY JUST I GUESS?
I cannot hit 100 followers.
Bo
so much shame in her eyes as we walked her in public
I can't even say it the first time
Ha!
RT : Overheard : I just want to tell all my Facebook friends, 'I don't care what you're listening to on Spotify!'
STEAK NIGHT
Can lunch come any faster?
Hot pants, over the knee boots, Polk a dot cropped top.
Video chick audition flow.
This is different for me.....
Lol!!
Wtf free period...
I'm way behind on CelebApprentice but what happens in the first 10 mins is liberating!!
Bye Aubrey!
what time is the nba all star game, is it tonight or tomorrow?
You're like a shark attacking a seal.
It's impressive.
Matt Damon, George Soros and the President of Liberia are all getting Approach the Bench chess sets!!!
We're moving up in the world!!!
Playing Dvorak really loud makes me very happy.
That's all.
Goodnight Moon.
Pics from the road maybe
Yes, I havent forgotten!
Im generating content for it trying to get the method together, lets talk this week!
Hello Twamily how goes it?
Is it me or does the ad for the Rhyme appear a just a little bit demonic?
Very bad imagery
You know what they say, all the interesting people are in Hell, what did you do, forget to tip?
Yeah Tee
beautiful day in milwaukee and dinner at maharajamke!
we open in an hour!
follow me?:
All white Maybach
Your service sucks more each day!!
How can you justify raising my fare when you can't even provide me with decent service?
thanks for supporting my music, filmed on The Nashville Spotlight yesterday, so much fun!!
aah heck.
How about that.
Hey I got my ride.
Can't wait to pimp it
Jesus: Much as this was painful and agonising the most frightening of all was the hatred shown to Me...
football season is around the corner..who will win the
Life is a gift and you must cherish it always!
you G an RV?
Cuz that'd be tight.
Out at Red Robin with the fam ready to try this new bacon burger I been craving since my birthday!
Ready for the Cinco de Mayo celebration tonight with !
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/19/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I'm good.
Ty.
Just chilling at home listening to some old school on my phone.
You playing any old school tonight?
Ugly guey .
stop it
They are forever having to meet up to discuss something!
GetChoLife BBW lol
how r u brother
I can't wait to meet you.
C; 33
Great!
I owe you breakfast too.
Ask for Wendy.
See you then!
That's odd.
I haven't heard anything about Amazon payments going US only, and it seems like that'd be big news.
Recipes: Anna Olson39;s mini chiffon cakes, lemon meringue pie and scones
shouldn't we wait at least a week or t till the govt totally, collapses into anarchy before ok'ing this sale?
: 
my dad used to order that when I was a kid and I always wanted to be cool like him and eat it.My mouth would burn for hours!
Thanks for breakfast  the knowledge!
Hope to see ya more during IWNY.
Take care!
RT As we express our gratitude, we must never forget the highest appreciation is not 2 utter words, but 2 live by them JFK
i love you!
Did she just say in the old hood?
Why is she the commentator?
me too 333 I wanna cuddle!
Welcome to the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs Flyers..the AHL team from round 1 don't count
u better follow me back
How I made it from 4:309:00a on 4 hrs of sleep without a doctorp of caffeine is beyond me.
But I did get a free latte from ERC!
your butterflies falling in love feeling I cannot doctornks 6  7
Happy B Day ;
Just introduced a cart horse to a ewe in the sheep meadow, but the horse neighed  the sheep said 'baah'...
Well white jeans were a good idea this morning.
Not so much in this rain though
alright that's fine.
Where Si you get there number, just apple support?
Harold R.
McAlindon The quality of an organization can never exceed the quality of the minds that make it up.
Im ALWAYS on my
35 percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married  be careful ;
Okay, I have to tweet at least 1 tweet about how much I love Smash.
I don't watch much TV, but that one's in my hulu queue.
That was surprisingly entertaining
Officially can't breathe out of my nose.
Will ya leave me alone, allergies?!
Please.
haha thanks!
I can see the search engine phrases people type in when they go to my blog and many of them are def looking for porn
today is definitely a lazy kind of day.
Too bad I'm busy until 6 ish...
Plan on watching How I Met Your Mother until I fall asleep.
NO!
I missed it :' ...
Hopefully seeing you live next month will make up for it...
still can't believe I'm going!
: 55k is good going  congrats.
Feels good to get this far :
How do you lead by example?
Pinboard.in replaced delicious for me.
Sueco and Starita are back in the studio again to produce another release!
Except that the shuttle program ended months ago with a final launch/landing.
Not today.
We're just a production facility, so we legally cannot sell anything here.
Would recommend going to on Elston.
Going to bed early tonight because I know it'll still take me forever to actually fall asleep.
Back to school tomorrow, ehhh.
make sure it's cute :
may 23 Liv stamdardtradition see ya there
It takes more muscles to frown than to smile.
Hi Sean and all of you who are waiting for us to launch the site.
I am really sorry for the delay.
We are getting really close.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Nice.
No love for the Blackberry?
Back in the day ....
that perks me up more than overpriced hotel coffee.
Thanks!
Psychologists say this may heighten anxiety and depression
I suck at twitter.
best to let him rest and not lose him for next season!!
IfYouReallyLikedMe you would make an effort.
Ready to get outta school.
I'm kinda hungry.
lol no tomorrow.
I love ur youtube videos about Cody Simpson!
what up?
Just thinking about ya hasn't talk to u in a while hope all is well
Think Like a Man was so good.
def wanna read that book now lol
why are you so damn expensive???
will at least be there in chicago?
I'm not able to watch the Grammys bal, I hope the tribute 2 Whitney is recorded and posted online somewhere.
if your stadium named after fast food ur a Loserville fan.
Lol.
Miss you too Ariane!!!
Pray you are having an awesome weekend filled with music and love!!!!
Hugs my freind!
:D
Math aint really Hard :
You could sign up, find a team, come down on Sat as long as you can, go home and work remote, then back on Sun.
:
I'm officially spoken for.
Eric Brunett is my new man.
lmfaooo omg that's the picture I wqas going to send you but I couldn't find it!
LOL!
It's over!

You Niggaz a Joke
Toasted strawberry earl greyer zombie marathon
Thnx Troy!
RT Watching on way to play !
Good stuff girls!
Obviously, he'll be in the poll position.
RT : LOL!
Didn't even know you were on Twitter, sir!
Great hearing from you : nowfollowing my MAN!!
loving the new pic!
I had a great experience today, going to the Mac Store and Best Buy!
I felt I could have been a better leader, but that's apart of growing!!
yup.
Just me and TB!
lol damn I had it but its scratched up I gotta buy a new 1, im gonna watch Poetic Justice fuck u fuck u fuck u bitch

Highly recommended new track from featuring 
Reading through the Weekly email  so much great stuff going on for the community  way overdue for a visit!
I love being home and watching Dateline with the fam
writetip dialogue scenes: let characters interact with environment, even if it's only by leaning back in their chair.
via
Yeah Bro .
Back in SOCO for a few days!!!
Oh, and one staff member already called in sick.
MarchMadness Productivity ComeOn!!!
your RhetoricalFigure of the day: proslepsis.
that is all...
: Caine is an amazing kid.
Brought tears to my eyes.
Kids like this are why I'm hopeful for the future.
Happy Holidays to you and yours
easy tiger!!!
teammadge :
Just went to a Baltimore Architecture Week session  The Role of Design Centers in Urban Regeneration.
Very inspiring!
Thank you and for your hard work.
Sleep well!
it sucks!!!:/ ahh nextime i guess!
Did you attend BiteLV last weekend?
We did.
was pretty awesome!
That means you should check them out!
Someone just tweeted to me some OER tied to the common core.
Let me dig.
I really like the faster shipping options w Prime.
Used that feature enough that it's paid for itself.
Can hear Allman Bros on the radio and smell bbq'd chicken in the air.
Just like summer, here in Irvington.
Jordan of Course was the only player better than Kobe period no need to name the rest they don't compare !!!
Come with us have fun at Stone Age Climbing Gym.
Saturday, January 7th 11am to 1pm.
Sign up by calling 2681231 or send us a FB message!
hell yeah boyz were bout to get that 2nd win for damn sure
if that happens, they will know me by name and order within a week.
That makes me incredibly jealous!
Ryan Braun pleaded his case Thursday before a threemember panel that will decide the Brewers outfielder's fate
DJ: A little debate has started amongst the RST staff.
So you tell us, Baltimore.
Peter Angelos; sell the team or just go die?
wait, olive oil?
Listening to One Direction Up All Night Album.
Love every song on there!
i gotcha ;
...ugh.
And annoying!
Was gonna go surprise some folks tonight.
Walked out the station to this rainy mess.
Think it's time to go home.
Tweet me 
is changing the be.
Apartment hunting is the worst.
I may end up living in a yurt.
Eeeeekk so excited.
RT : Tminus 22 hours until rolls into the i.d.e.a.
parking lot.
Can't wait!
that's the thing.
I'm not working this weekend :
Should we have separate leagues for age groups, etc?
What should the ages be?
you always pick me up like you're my boyfriend.
And I love it!
hahaha toofunny 
..man u a bad negroe!
Imma be in DC from at the end of April we gotta link man and record
not actually, but i long to be
I am unhealthily excited for prime time TV tonight.
I've met so many amazing people at registration so far!
Congrats, graduates!!
Long day at work!!
Hanging out with Miss Venice tonight!
:
idk if it was me?!
Hahah I might of..
Haha
they'll be great when they need to.
We will route hard for our team and let the chips fall where they will.
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 32:53 with Nike GPS.
yep, Hanoori sounds good!
See you Thursday.
Wow.
MSNBC reporting that Republicans have lost 60 of women voters.
They will have to win over 60 of men 2 make it up.
I guess our thank you note did not appear on twitter last night but a special thanks for coming out...a reminder our next show is Wed Jul 6.
i will thanks sis : bring the fam tomorrow!
love you more!!!
If the world knew of they would blow up I promise you that.
Pure gold what these guys put out.
perhaps it is the rainy day coffee shop effect.
'Boys aren't ready for prime time.
Yes.
Yes, you do.
Nate Tannenbaum did our weather today :
how do u know lol
It is called virtual hold.
You'll probably use it at your credit card co or internet/cable provider.
Thanks for the tweet.
Yeah, definitely not in touch with reality.
great article on GottaBeMobile, but can I request that you not term the cellhelmet as insurance?
DM me?
its about time the knicks win
I do hate that it's with the Halos.
They're about to be the 2001 Rangers so I'm not too worried.
something familiar haha
Great ways to share a story: humor works.
So does celebrating altruism.
That's sick.!..
how you been , very long time
clearly I wasnt late if I saw you throw it...and neither of those boys are more important than me or
does it have to be one or the other?
a far more valuable passer than someone that picks up a large percentage of their assists on outside shots.
ill trade you shoes if thats the case
ff RT If the van's arockin', you're probably hurting her, bro.
Sounds like a good time to make a Scrabble move!
makerfaire was fun as in past years, but the crowds make it a little silly/crazy, specially for kids.
Burningman was well represented.
Good morning and Happy Friday folks!
I need a personal assistant
u need to come mix it up in AZ!
;
Welcome Sandi!
Thanks again for flying with us here at MKE.
Have a great time in Chicago.
We look forward to seeing you again soon.
Happy Birthday mister President 
well thanks!!3 And yeah, I know I know..
Dear world.
Today is a good day.
Finally no one, and I mean no one will pay to see the three stooges.
omg lol no its the truth
my house is turning into a studio for fashion photography, which means that when I walk around shirtless and in soccer shorts  sexy.
i just gave someone a hifandshake....that awkward i have something in my right hand so i gotta give u a lefty hybrid hi5 handshake
Exposing the genocide machine.
Coming within a week: Calling Out the Fuckin' Killers.
A political commentary by Sinclair and Gold.
RT Quotes4Writers:  is really hard  amazing...giving up on being perfect  beginning the work of becoming yourself.
A Quindlen
haha im happy you liked it!
theyre always a good time live or just blasting in the car haha
I demand that Pareja wears a sweater vest every game.
What's up?
Merry Christmas Gorgeous !!!!
Hoping it's your best one EVER !!!
I've worked for men and women  all stripes of ppl in my career.
Gender not a pref.
except women in general r more empathetic?
What color shirt do you think Tom Cruise is wearing today?
HEY GUYS!!!
RT : Most great people have attained their greatest Success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
its Candace at HOB can you email me?
xo
Just lost another hour of my life to It's great that employees know what works for them but I need skin care advice.
I fought the lawn and the lawn won.
Gary Cahill coming off might just be the difference I this game, sadly enough
It's going to be hot in Pittsburgh today...make sure to stay cool, check on the childoctorn, seniors, and pets!!!
Plus keep your PC's Cool!
What fancy tools are the cool kids using these days to measure social media engagement?
hey there.
ready some of your articles on TiP!
Can you DM me your email?
I'd like to talk to you about a few things.
Thanks bro
that's OK.
U know Sara put ur name in the video.
She put Help editing Mareh ..
My baby njoyd his bday...omg he is really 7
I know.
It's kinda shameful but they have good stuff!
: Yay!
So glad you're enjoying the trip.
But wait.
What makes a brownie Mexican?
Does it wear a sombrero?
Friday night nothing much better than this!
When I get tattoos all over my body, I'll cover em up  once I run shit, then I'll wear them like a medal  you will witness supremacy.
Done  done
..i noted that tyler seguin hasn't done much either, d'oh// Clearly, come Wednesday, the Caps deserve a lot more scrutiny!
Sorry long lost cousin but I'm cheering for my Mavs today!
I need to go take a nap...
successsummit Checked in and ready for a great day!!!
Say hi if you are here, what a fantastic turnout ;
Now it's over and they're playing the worst song ever.
Something about needing a refill...
sound check for TEDx Jackson Hole!
EEk!
Im excited and beyond surreal :
One more day til the Rebirth Show  Boomerangs in St.
Bernard!
Afterbirth party to follow!
music at 10 pm!
Goodmorning  don't be scared of thunder I've got youu.
Please let today be a good day.
Excited to see later.
Say to your boss I like your style and shoot him with doublebarreled fingers.
no problem and it's alright :
you ever use this account, lady?
me either.
The fuck just happened??
LOVE that movie.
That was before La'lohan went nuts.
is disgusted by the people of Westboro Baptist Church, KA protesting outside the Dallas Holocaust Museum.
We are called to love, not hate.
Craving Best Baguette.
Maybe I'll grab some later
oh I see that's not bad
Kennedy: petition circulators do not have to live in district.
They are to in fight against Sen Fitzgerald
I didn't grow up here.
But I think it refers to very thin layer of sugar powder people spread on top of a gingerbread house:
Back to working on my list
Stony Brook University is mourning the loss of one its students after a fatal hitandoctorn accident near the campus.
music for my ears  art for my eyes.
there is so much art on the internet!
endless!
When you're on the transplant list at 45, well life's a bitch then you die
Is the application online?
I know, I just love them!
This novela needs to air everyday like the Spanish ones.
Weird finds a way.
lmaoooo y left early
Don't think about it.
See what your doing to yourself.
IT'S SO FLUFFY IM GONNA DIE
Loyalty is all i know.
Let ATL Staging And Organizing help make your home more livable or easier to sell!!
...plus ordering some new CKBC swag which will be available in exchange for money in the brew house shortly...and eventually on our website.
i like the word knackered, its fun to say!
haha ooh or posh!
Someone should tweet me :3
what's up?
I can't watch the show and I've had a bad day 2day :'
Of course!
I can add you to my blog roll.
Thought you might like to see that particular post since you are mentioned in it.
GoTribe 1st day of tournament let's go tribe !
Um obsessed with mini CakeStylist should for sure follow her...
Are you alive?
If not, can I have your car?
Nerds and gamers aren't people with 3D glasses with no lenses, or people who play Farmville.
We're a proud group not filled with morons.
I know I been ghost for a while TeamKhleo!!!
How is everybody doing?
I missed all you guys especially !!!
Hit me up!!!
Glad I got to meet some of you guys today!
Thank you for all the advice.
:
Working on my hour standup special.
I already have 15 minutes locked in.
but I had a blast though !
These Lebron James stay in school commercials are BS.
He was already earning  in high school, and not from good grades
I'm pretty sure the Lions and Patriots switched jerseys before the game
u jacking
You don't act like you used to.
What happened to saying sweet things everyday because you want me to always know?
How was your day:
Oh My Dear, please don't cry.
It hurts me when i see you upset.
Stand Grand.
Just remember this bestie got yo' back gurl 3
Reading original tweets and thinking i should have fucking thought of that!!
In Sierra Leone, Grammar School Wins Nigerian Students Quiz  Awareness Times
Bout to go see The Avengers ..!
I told the homies she turned me out...
lol that's where we get DumbShit4Life from cuz Nic tweeted it to her .
But idoctorher  name ...
yeah indiana won this!
Huge thanks to for sharing such a smart, comprehensive, and inspiring view of the publishing landscape with grubbies yesterday.
Lets go I need to put my doctornkenness into use
My finger is still all wrapped up in a big bandage.
It's so hard to type without it!!
Super frustrating trying to get through email.
Um y haven't Text me.
love the variety in your collection but what's the story with the owls?
FREDDIE FOLLOW ME!......
Me might think of making videos like your someday.; Follow Winning???
Damn its friday n I qot two weeks of school left.!
Cant wait.!
I am in charge of writing the season finale for CRANE.
I already know how it will end.
well, somebody's got to make all the things to hold up all the boobies.
worstserviceever.why lie and say all your flights are delayed due to mother nature?
bullshit it's due to being morons!
I still need to make an appointment 
The Sriracha Sweet Chile sauce you posted about didn't work.
Never reached a sauce consistency  it was like liquid.
Next up on the dessert list.......Wait for it.......
Decedent Brooklyn Blackout Cake!
7.78 tab from free public library trip w/kids: 5.75 in overdue fees, 2 worth of used books and 3 wishes in the fountain.
aw thanks boo!!!
Have fun this weekend..
RT : Yep blame kobe
5 days till BP rocks Denver and girl's night out!
So excited!
Maybe I'll get a special birthday song?
thanks for the mention!
i stay fresh and fly
school!!
Physic class..
Whatta hell ..
All my friends are getting ready for military ball tonight, and I'm just here like ..
Hope you guys have fun :/
New scientific data shows, I was wrong.
A CAT has an IQ of 1.
A LIBERAL's is 2.
Sorry
A big thank you and enjoy the Halloween.
I fucking hate school.
I want it to be over.
Soul Plane  Baby Boy are always on BET!
There's tons of other black movies...come on now, switch it up!
hahah I'm sure I'm not either
Right now has the only one.
We'd need to work out agreement with him before selling.
It all up to him.
Buffalo boom straight 10s
Will you be in NY anytime between Sept 19th and Oct 1st?
School should start at like twelve and be for only two hours
LMAO  I love running on a beautiful morning...Now, if I can only make it past the doctorveway.
Galineris parents are illegal
sounds delicious!
Can u share the recipe :0
Getting ready to go through security at the White House.
Just handed over my id.
Standing outside.
It's freezing.
Today was good, tomorrow will be even better, and so on and so forth for the rest of my life.
are store bought tortillas the downfall of the Hispanic family...Go...
Anonymous indeed.
;
what the fuck was that?????
it's like lost meets lord of the rings....
He loved you
2011 date announced for InnoTech Austin.
Join us on October 20th!
What is your 1 musthave topic we should feature this year?
I'm sick but I'm feeling pretty good finished up a custom order, I have 2 more custom jobs to do.
Along with 3 baby shower gifts.
:
Putting the U back in volunteering 
Saturday, April 9th,  the Chameleon Club in Lancaster, PA  Hierosonic returns to the stage for their first performance of 2011
Whoever invented the breakfast pork fries at Honeypie is a jerk.
I just want to shovel that stuff into my mouth until my arteries seize
Holy upsets!
Thanks for the RT!
Excited to have you all plugged into our campusviolence discussion.
Good morning success is not given to you, it is earned.
Go earn yours....
Be happy in front of people who don't like you.
It kills them
I wanna watch House
It really is....
So is ping pong.
rainy day today??
Black Suit doctorss with pink blazer in BK court today.
Thoughts?
So tired of boring neutrals.
I'm getting bored of homework so I think I'll head out and catch Red Tails now
is getting emotionally prepared for 2 months of Christmas music.
Awesome reason to crank the music up!
:
Gah  you are so inspiring I can't even begin.
hm yellow!!
100M mobile consumers in Europe received SMS ads: comScore.
www.zesmo.com
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 8:13am in Atlanta, GA it is 75 degrees.
High: 88 Low: 63
Hemo killed it tonight
Pick up the July issue of InStyle magazine and see Bypass Lane mentioned as a Free GoodTime App!
I'm telling you I make myself laugh!
Lol
New topic  Using Nikon lenses
RT : libchat Q4 Get the lib work experience before graduation.
Pursue what you believe in!
Also, super excited about the Spotify i pad app!!
Bored.
As.
Hell.
Why are you even mad at me?
Join me sometime!
I go there once a week.
Sales and Marketing also come together for a weekly SMarketing meeting to keep the teams aligned with various activities/goals
I just check my notifications..
Lol
The CRV / Matthew Broderick/ Ferris Bueller commercial never gets old.
I love it!
don't doubt me in the lane
then what is the opposition about  I say sex bc it's masked homophobia
told ya so...
Eli M
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
What's this all about.
It's like the 5th one that's come across
school started a week ago and there is a guy in my science class that looks like the iconic boyz louis
R.I.P Don Cornelius
appreciate the S/O!
You have a great weekend as well!!
The Motivos team is excited about heading to Seattle tomorrow for the National HS Journalism convention!
Wuhoo!
How did your HCG P3 steak day work????
Chemistry jokes are sodium funny.
: haha
I know, I'm excited!
read the book.
Enjoyed it.
My girlfriend read and enjoyed it as well.
thanks!
Good luck on subs!
and what city would that be?
hey...
tweeted me!not you;3 haha love them
Those things are awesome.
Stay tuned for news regarding NMAs Museum Advocacy Day 3/10/2011 in Carson City!
I'm trying to find the words to describe this girl with out being disrespectful
I hate when people don't acknowledge you held the door open for them.
If you're not gonna say thanks, at least smile and nod dickhead.
and she know you weak and we ain't the same you hit the scene, i make the scene i'm in her head like maybelline
playoffs when crazy happens...
MT : David Schaller bringing Augmented Reality to forefront of museums.
Tech needs to meet goals, it can't be the goal
idk it was totally random.
It's fine now
lmmfao oh lord i hope you not doctorving
she was someone who actually shed light on the empowering process of birth for me.
still not having babies, but she's awesome...
you should probably make sure it's fried.
Not sure I can be alive yet this morning.
Catching up on Oscar nominated movies as part of our Oscar celebration this weekend.
you are welcome to join us, but I will come to where you are if it will be easier.
Let me know :
Knicks got this!!
Back in the twitterverse after a few crazy months...
hello my tweeps!
I can never do nothing right I'm a screw up
Every haircut starts with a reminder of how awesome I look with a bowl cut...
RIP Steve Jobs.
You changed the world forever and we will not forget you.
Thank you.
I hearby name this the breakup song of the decade: ADELE's NEVER MIND I FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU!
GoodBreakupThatis!
Watching 2012 With My Brothers Lmfao They Assholes Fr.
I have April and May dates :
RT : A statewide tornado doctorll is underway at this time.
No swinging until he throws a strike!!!
But you may also be the world to one person.
Anonymous
What if twitter just doctorpped off the face of earth...???
Alot of people whould not have a life would you kill yourself???
Lol
Ah extremely stressfull last week of the semester
askryan can u have a concert in southern Indiana or near by?
: I REALLY wanna see u : that would be my 1st concert ever!
ah, for once life is good
Really looking forward to living in a place where I don't have to plan when I will or won't get sleep, due to a stupid doctornking holiday.
LEAVE IT TO BEAVER: Anthropomorphic beaver runs lostandfound where you can LEAVE him things.
GREEN LIGHT
In new report from what do transfers include?
Does the data accurately reflect  of students who doctorp out?
we have Sofia mini champs in the Bus!
Congrats to Oregon, which will no doubt rise in the BCS standings...but hold steady in the USNWR rankings at
Back to the doctor today!
BloodSport on NBCSports  Class Acting...
I guess the race is now between Chuck/SPN.
May the best fandom win.
Smallville fans will just have to wait for a miracle!
lol
you can always spend a semester at bctc and then go back to it.
Listening to reminds me of how weird I was in '05/'06.
Skinnies, slip on vans, brown hair, MySpace...
Hopefully we have a slow day at work
before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
It may be cold outside but it's warm at the studio!
Come celebrate Halloween with us tonight!
on clubpenguin, while listening to music, ahaha hby?
p.s my bestfriend was like omg i wanna go on clubpenguin and i was like
smh........I decide to spend 330 on new glasses not knowing I got student loan bills due this weekend.
At least I can see now!
Hey Jean thanks for follow, how's Dallas?
If I survive my 1st Heart Attack, I plan on suing the Distributor I work for.
By not giving me time to stop and eat, fast food is killing me
Chillin at da crib getting ready fo my JUnioR Year
I think it's going to lead to more longterm care for retired players, post play care and counseling and care funding
yeah, I just needed something to pull me off the roundtheclock Paul's Boutique jag I was on.
Winston Shepard and Robert Upshaw added 12 and 10 respectively, while Branch West was led by 6foot6 PF Sean Morgan's gamehigh 23
When that day comes it will mark the end of an era, and will signify the total collapse of the reign of The Touchy People.
Got Ethan's cake.
It looks wonderful!!
Headed home with and Having Erhans party then out later.
essex county nj
When the Flames get Fanned, the Faithful Stand!
cedar point is the best of the 2 but kings island has some pretty good coasters like the beast etc
just ran around in the rain with Jacqueline!
Happy Easter!
Love!:
The Best t.v comes on during Finals Week.
Day totally derailed by Coming to America on VH1.
It's the law: if this movie is on, it must be watched.
Which way home?
Go west via Canada?
Or via US?
What way would u go?
Hoka Hey friends?
Thanks for sending them our way!
gone call the Pastor  So...I told Rodney if the Giants win we could get married...OH SHIIII
chicultural2012 Top three identified by tonight's cultural conversation are: 1 Spaces 2 Access and 3 Cross Pollinate...
Just played chicken at USC.
My car and me versus a guy in a speedo ...
He won.
Wish I had some one to share this Mingua beff jerky with!
At least Mitt Romney has the decency of marrying all the women he sexually harassed.
Yay!
: woo hoo.
Booked rooms and flights for WordCamp Reno!
See you there!
wcreno
Sittin here bored bout to play GTA IV
Modern Family could not have been on a better night.
Link didn't work.
I just got a copy of the GameofThrones book!
yeah I have kansas over kentucky!
I've never gotten the championship teams right before lol
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
15
Are they good?
Sorry Im a typical Boston blowhard that knows nothing about college sports RT Duke is playing in your city today
OUR Budget Initiatives:1.Restore all cuts to EI Services and Rates 2.
Compensation for 18 years nonpayment of COLA's3.Budget Transparency
Now that it's winter in SF again, I'm going to have to break out my boots and sweaters.
Seriously, I dig this town but NOT the weather.
If it doesn't kill you it makes you stronger...
It be some fucking sights at the court house
kind of like Fenway and Wrigley.
Typical camera angle doesn't show how small the place is.
After Greta hounded him about 20 times
: It sucks doesn't it?
Feeling like you're always the second choice.
Of course, I miss you.
But that doesn't mean the worlds stops spinning.
Life goes on, and so do I.
I think the Bengals best firstround scenario is coming away with some combination of Stephon GilmoreDavid DeCastro.
LOL follow her, she uploads pics :D
Funny...
bc Guy is pulling away from you to save his life!
Thoughts from Guy: Please GIANT, don't eat me or cough on me!
Check out awardwinning AmericanU wonks , , , ,  !
Lol I honesty don't watch those two..I will watch action but I dunno sorry..mostly comedy or love

but they are small states if you look at them on a very tiny map :
for sum reason I love ur tweets
Hello ATL.
Last time we met, I enjoyed your company for way too long.
If you're gonna live your life in a certain way do it 100.
FF Beautiful Bellies and Beyond Partners:
I use synctoy 2.0
just now tuning into the Duke vs.
Lehigh game.
you better not be tweeting and doctorving....
:
What happened to the trailer on the back of Optimus Prime when he transformed?
Your wellformulated supposition is comparable to mine.
check ur email
We look forward to participating in the 's HBCU Foreign Policy Conference later today.
I'd be honored.
twittamentary.
Talking about homeless ppl and Wall Street trading floor hhuummm
Mama's Day for me: Gardening, bike ride, short run, and food food food!
I miss you guys miss my
Great event w/ LAUSD's Deasy, UTLA's Duffy, and DFER.
So much needed for our schools.
Great discussion!
I am working on a mobile play bus/van  portable imagination playground, popup park 4 parkaday.
Help?
jus hooked up wit n n they are makin sure my shit floods the streets in the upcoming months...
Don't even know why I paint my nails, I just sit there and pick it off
Midnight showing of Hunger Games  5:30 am wake up this morning  tired fan girl.
But so worth it.
: gasp my first favorite and retweet lol
world best On sale all the no no BS!
www.varsityjackets09.com we rule!
412 973 8262 Call Bob now
How is your day going?
If you have something to vent, we would like to hear it...
She deserves it!
RT : Hell yeah, she is!
: Atheist high school student gets huge scholarship.
follow back blind fury
Live streaming event 10000pl, direct m for more details
That would be EPIC!
RT : The time has come for a Stevie Wonder and album.
Can you follow me I follow u
hi laura happy thursday to you
because NO one can be on Twitter 24/7.
like Poe, but watch Miss State game.
You'll be disappointed.
Pushed around.
Nonfactor.
Wasn't doubled much in game.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
HappyValentinesDay!
3
sometimesyouhaveto say what's on ur mind
OK for now.
I may have to schedule an interview for that time.
I'll let you know.
I think I was in shock.
MY GOVERNOR HAS A CRIMINAL DEFENSE FUND
Only that it is really good.I think they did outstanding job finding southern hemisphere equivs
First samples have cleared customs and are on their way.
Stay tuned.
nowplaying I get lonely too doctorke
Our power went out in Phoenixville for a minute or two, then came back.
RT Just coming down!
Great fun.
: thx 4 coming by the station Fri.how's that sugar rush?Good to meet u
RT: X.com domain for sale.
6.5mil.
1.4mil unique views per month.
Obviously, HUGE potential.
Get at me for details.
Pass it on.
should I have a marketing twitter and personal twitter accnt?
I AM BORN IN AMERICA.
FUCK IN AMERICA.
YOU DON'T AGREE?
GO EAT GRAPEFRUIT YOURSELF.
Have any leads on 12 salesforce developers who want to help develop healthcare app at startup?
developer
Love the site!
Thanks for the tip!
You cant talk yourself out of problems you behave yourself into
The bank is open on Fridays!!!!!!!
don't be late foo
Oh, I love those, too!
Jalapenos are da bomb!
Jim Caldwell is out as Colts head coach?
Who would you like to see as replacement?
Predictions?
Future of Manning?
Oh  then I read the subreddit focused on Pick Up Artist stuff, I guess I had been liking straight guys too much or something.
Not anymore!
I can't wait to see Justin perform!
Listening to in hot topic ;
just finished running gassers in preps for Olympics
Students in Finland spend less time in classroom and have less homework than many countries including the US and is the world's 2 leader.
i have more but i spent 3 weeks on that
Make sure you are dealing with a contractor you can trust.
At misterD's we provide you with Referrals and a solid reputation Con Lic
Woke up 2 hours later than i needed to...
This days off to a good start.
stressing can I just crawl in that hole already?
What do a Hummer and a Baby Grand Piano have in common?
Margarita Cabrera created both and SECCA's got 'em.
Come see.
www.secca.org
Got it.
I'm reading about some of it now.
I'm not, FYI.
Maybe we, why don't we just sit right here for half an hour.
We'll speak of what waste I am.
And how we missed your beat again.
Even though she's already free I'm still yellin' FREE VNASTY til' my throat is raspy!
: you r one lucky Mofo!
Id give my right nut for a follow back from bibi
Long distance love breaks the heart the time spent together taped back together.
Over and over and over and...
He a man today
yeah, we keep seeing all the posts about it but want a good resource on what's happening.
I Need to Start being on here More!!
aha
So speechless
Hope Your BDay was Badass...
Which I'm sure it was!!
this will just be a chance for me to make them again after you are done trying to he a good catholic.
:
yes he is lucky cuz that was a nasty hit.
Not sure how suspensions work in intl play.
Hope he gets 3 games nasty hit
Danng the parking lots at school are empty, nd I'm waaayy to early to class 
i want to be there
hey i followed him can you please follow me i would really appreciate it!
Imagine a house made solely out of one food item  what would it be in your doctoram food house?
That's great, I'm starting college in the fall, so i'm finishing up with my credits then i'm done : ,
Not cool.
def.
feel stupid.
lol :
Spending lunch in the car with the windows and sunroof down.
It's amazing outside, wish I could lay here all day :
MyFavoritedoctorkeLine sweatpants hair tied chillin' with no makeup on that's when you're the prettiest i hope that you don't take it wrong
does tapped out mean no more doctornk or no more pay?
I've done both
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIDDO!!
LALALALALA!!
Feather 1:39  As I tiptoe through the mine field of 1000 futures, I fear no shrapnel.
For I will receive what I deserve.
You mean more, mean more to me.
Than any color I can see.
ditch that Georgetown Cupcake line and head to Baked  Wired!
which one of my boyfriends texted me?
wha?!how are you finna be mad when people cheatuse you,when you in the same place?wheres Jesus at?
Boo Frog 'better than the rest' LP test pressing arrived today!
SOUNDS FANTASTIC.
awesome!!
Glad to hear.
Enjoy your weekend
nice subaru bro
Global track chairs are there to provide continuity and are replaced when a position opens up.
Yep, I'm tired already.
costarring Valerie Bertenelli...
Such a weird feeling putting the first lecture together for my first course.
These next five weeks will be both exciting and stressful.
would it go with ur doctors?
J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
Seek social media expert p.t on Facebk, twitter, website,  more.
We don't pay a whole lot as a nonprofessort but you'll receive lots of PR, f
i suspect age has a bit to do with it too, perhaps as much as religion.
Maybe even more.
hiya hows u x
Pub date is fall 2012.
Glad you're excited!
Is you mad Bro?
Time to get weird
I am the keeper of my thoughts, and my reaction to turmoil is one of cool and calm.
your just so AMAZING!
your voice is just...
3 follow..?!
Good Friday and a fullmoon.
Looking forward to a crazy day.
Its beautiful..
Worth the blisters, I'm guessn..
u would have been so much better for that joint!!
i love your picture
It was nice to meet you with Jan from Hope you are recovering from sxsw and that your inbox is not too full.
The Great Blake
pichilin isn't going to a effin bar.
Pichi and Rudy are.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle
Don't just look at your best work and SAY I can do better, instead look at it and then DO better!
Elisha Hale
Steak n Shake FTW!
thanks fot the laughs.
LOL where in the world are you.
Happy days are here again.
In two years no one will remember that my goatee stopped a meatball from ruining my shirt.
Happy Thanksgiving!
We've got some NEW openings: financial advisor, insurancel/h/d, mortgage broker!
don't miss this opportunity at some prized positions!
Uploading photos to Twitter on Seesmic is giving me nothing but trouble today.
If you're in Nob Hill later, stop by Griffin  Associates for our May Margarita party!
Live music  great company.
Awesome Fireworks at The Ballpark in Arlington from I30!
boomstick go Nelly!
PickUpLine: You smell wet.
Let's Party.
finished that's sesh but
What are your plans for new years?
Maybe I should be a wedding planner as a part time job.
Ah haa
it's true though, stick with it and you'll eventually succeed
Today's rock band playing in North Campus is actually pretty good, in a muffled sort of way.
Romo is amazing!
x
Sis !!!
I miss you more!
We fell off so hard!
What are you doing tomorrow?
We would love to have you participate!
Is there a particular person I can send more information to?
Thanks for reaching out!
Ironically, you have to be a resident of Panem to afford an IMAX ticket for
Totally.
You me and need to get some Masa again when you move out btw
So who's going to be the first to say the Chicago is better with Rose on the bench?
Better defense and more efficient pg play...
If academics were any good they would be out there creating wealth.
Those who can't, teach
we all are.
hey mary, should i pass this on to lauren or leslie?
not sure what this means.
Modelos..steak..potatoes...good company...
Woo!
RT : Our nutritionist is taking questions during tonight's BiggestLoser!
Tweet away with askcheryl!
And this dude just keeps striking out!
Inviting me to a free lunch AND then whistling at me to get my attention?
Awesome!
We'll definitely keep you posted as more details are released.
We're looking forward to it too!!!
Back on twitter for good now.
Not that anyone cares...
thank you so much for your support Shiho!
We are sold out for the day!
obviously you; HATERS GONNA HATE MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE3
aww thanks!!
That means a lot that you would pay attention to them.
Hope your day was amazing!
:
Ill suprise you
Awesome!
I will include it tomorrow.
Hilarious!
: Thanks, Estelle.
How is it that I am always happy to hear about others booking work?
Check out on twitter for updates on the National ACLU Conference 2012 through Tuesday
please elaborate always love good desigb.
well, cupid's arrow MAY have struck.
jusssssssstsaying.
and MISS YOU!
can we plan another amazeballs party, like, stat?
i love having a reason to doctorss up  get all pretty.
Any suggestions for doctorm covers?
I'm thinking about doing an Alter Bridge song.
lovin the girlfriend Day...
these are the days i live for
: It's so sweet to hear the voices of Willowbrook Church worship together!
Lauren and Brittany great match for BGV's.
it was tiring until the last hour of work, but it is ending quite nicely now I'm home.
Glad to hear yours was good!
:
Idk when I moved from keep watching, it's Joss to sweet!...likely when shows up
The world is unfair, you can rip him from your mind.
There have been a lot of Robert Brents in this world, but only one who has the LCNAF heading of Robert Brent, gentleman.
Brunello di Montalcino is 1 of Italy's most sought after wines made from Sangiovese grape.
Brunello roughly translates to nice dark one
why yes, yes it does!
A Perfect Adoption  Holt International  Blog
i just farted in front of and
Yep.
Sure did just doctorp a crochet hook down a heating vent.
Guess it's bedtime.
when do you feel class?
never
we  you more!!
Me me me me me!!!!
ME TOO!
:::
ok maybe I will
talking to her sister
Wisconsin is so open for business, 50,000 jobs magically appear!
Excited to see and on a panel discussing Start Ups and Advisors at
Just got my yearbook!
We worked so hard on it and it looks great!
Yerd for life!!!
Mad respect for the MLS fan.
Although I hate Columbus
I used to love that show but now I like never have time to watch it.
I love how I just ask billy who has the biggest ass in the grade  he said me....
lol yea but I was only kidding cause I always kid wit her
I wish every day was as successful as today.
Painting a striped blazer.
what company does the side of the truck door read?
yes been to Raleigh and another part..lol
Good MorningTweeps.
Just waking up
Yeah, I'm noticing a tremendous difference.
Running silky smooth for me
: hmm I want to!
what time will we go/be done :p like 3:15 I have to be there at 4 and I should be done by 4:30
Oh boy, you're gonna have me tweeting mygirlfriday  lovewillfindyou all night 'cause the song is that wonderful!
who's making the film?
I literally just got 15 messages from you tweeting.
Miss You Aaliyah!!!!!!!
I'm still crying!!!
I told my mom that we should have bet 100 on I'll Have Another in the KentuckyDerby...
The horse just won.
it's not working, this rest day.
I can think of nothing but the next race, which isn't until July...that's too long!
wow, your mom has some MAD skills!
She should start a biz selling them, I would promote the hell out of it
YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen...
corn is 15 cents an ear.
The dad statement is probable inadmissible evidence in court; 3rd party hearsay evidence?
Heading to Aruba w/ for 2012 Aruba Poker is back May 3rd!
indeed  email
Hm will tonight change my life?
Reading applications.
Barcelona isn't a country.
Thanks for a great 2 days.
Looking forward to getting back to work on implementation of new ideas.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated,
saw a girl i know  her mom at subway  I said hi  it was literally the most awkward thing ever.
they just stared at me
I don't think anyone really cares one way or the other.
The Heat cult is just a little sensitive.
Haha
and 1and 2 out of 4 would not let me get my bag to go to my next class
Paddle boating with the sister and
Happy Mothers Day!
That was a decieving headline.
sitting here listening to Neil Young as its being mastered...
yup, its amazing.
let's hope not.
I have faith in this next generation
17 days of school left!
Very interested in talking about trends/changes in social behavior.
Connect offline?
Hard to Say I'm Sorry by Chicago was the 1 song this day in 1981.
I love Chicago!
Just wanted to make sure you've seen the GE Healthcare job posting in the Aberg emails!
I think of you everytime I read it!
I seen those prom pics !
You could not look more hell of Puerto Rican !!!
Nice Swagger though made me proud !
I'm so honest.
I'm even honest about lying.
I lie to hos on twitter all the time but my stupid lies make them smile all day
Yes, but the question is: will they miss you?
Did you bother to stop and consider their feelings?
Yours for keeps?????
Need to visit.
Irresistible.
Im pretty sure my doctorams are gonna be shot down tomorrow.
HELL YEAH!
RT : And Now...THE AVENGERS 
Thanks for that mention!
Nm Just Workin On New Material And You
Lol so mad, why can't people be on time!?!?!
Like are you kidding me?
Tell me that you're doing fine.I still remember every time.
everyone I know will say that you are always apart of me.
First time in NYC.
Maybe on my next visit I'll be able to leave JFK.

Keith Sweat  Whatever You Want 
Good morning, afpmeet .
Starting today by learning how to fail informatively in 202204.
That's a completely different game.
Had the Brussels Metro morning rush hour experience this morning.
It was crowded and hot.
So glad to have a car at home!
WANTS FOLLOWERS!!!!
follow her she is strapped up and shit her name is doctornkmeim18...lol sounds wet
Highschoolmemories tryin to make lyrics out of the economics book
I remember when Google founders' goal was 'get users to destination' as fast as possible.
Their goal is now reversed.
Cld be their undoing
Have heard about you from notable sources.
Curious.
Where can I learn more.
And who from?
The best of preservation speaks to opportunity  change.
Both those, /, that have been  how we can do better.
I removed the original hard doctorve, set up a sectorbysector encrypted RAID partition  moved the old stuff onto it.
Should do it?
I replied twice.
Trying to tweet from my phone is challenging!
good relationship with trusted source is key.
Nice to hear of your responses.
Sorry to hear things aren't so well with you!
Please let us know if we can do anything.
Aw shyt its gettin ugly im not goin say for who
I'm tired of YOU CSS!
me and versus you and whoever
The swsea11 hashtag got kidnapped by porn spammers ...
again.
, you need to get on top of this!
its always like that...labels have no vision, the artists can't sing, and they couldn't find a good song if it bit'em
Were I there, I'd raise a hand to question the phrase we're a free society.
Who are we and what is free?
It has been suggested that I start a food blog.
I'm not so sure if that's a good idea.
What do you all think?
but what if I am really honest..but doctorssed as a clown??
Still take me seriously?
you tellin me the kush make you think on level 4 ?
im on 5 you sayin that i can level more ?
hahaha I'll take a nap and then I get to go shopping!
So I'll be good hello
I'm dying laughing, ohmygawd.
thrilled to have on tonite..
7pm.
see you there!!
:
Welcome to our family!
Note to self: never go black friday shopping.
Movie with friends.
Sounds like code for...
Shower and time 1.5 mile run at Milwaukee Lutheran
Well, my iPhone just shocked me when that lightning hit.
I didn't even know that was possible.
We gotta keep playing our best basketball.
Lionel Hollins.
He's an inspiring man.
Eek!
RT : New poll: 42 of Americans don't know the year America declared independence, 1776.
Call, tweet, email, facebook to request Old School today!

I knew it.
I know my blood.
I'd love to!
Thanks for remembering.
Ping me midJanuary and we'll make it happen!
That head great, that pussy lavish
I hope Cotto beats the crap out of Mayweather.
slaleads just saw demo of Scannx Book Scan Center.
Cool product!
Thx to CCP Solutions 4 mtg sponsorship!
so you tweet about it first instead of backing back and watching it?
lolz
Or, Darth Vader throwing Emperor into the pit style, if you prefer.
Congrats.
Great hustle tonight.
how was Dallas last night?
:
me too I deactivated well over a year ago I should log in and delete everything
I saw a person shot in that villa tho
I did it.
You don't have to be happy about it.
Rip Steve, my sincere condolence to his family, dear friends and the entire Apple community.
Huang: With OWS and the coming majority minority nation, we have the opportunity to rethink political power and race/class/gender.
Crazy day an it just began
that's us!
Classy, classy bitches.
kiddori finally has its own Twitter stream.
:
Just had a doctoram about softball.
I miss it :
Explore Helmut Barnett Artist Page via I'm meeting him for lunch today.
Lots to talk about.
There's a tranny on the green line, with enormous hands.
This muthafucka bout 6'2
hows everything going with u and Lamar .
hope all is well!
thanks.
Most of the credit there goes to
I wish we could be like we use to be, I hate how we're becoming strangers :
Okay, instead of me talkin 2 recruiters I gotta speak 2 actual people of diff races doing what I may be interested in...
All we do is fight
i love old movies with i was watching them with my grandma would have made it perfect
Oh were ready!
PlayersRep Client Signing RT : Reagan Maui'a agreed to a 2 year deal to stay with the Arizona Cardinals
Darn it!
It happened again...I'm trying to write the short form of tournament but it won't let me...I guess u could also call it a journey
And I'm never slowing down, fuck.
Was that a deer?
1Girl in my life that i really.
love is my kids mother
Indeed, force was with us today, somehow got by w/o having a permit and weather was terrific!
Thx to all....finish line clearly in sight!
Welcome everyone to the 2012 one handed hipster Olympics!
ha!
Guess that is the kind of call you welcome from IRS?
Worried what happens should you decline their offer?
Good night!
Tired, beat, warn out.
Kisses
A lake of something...
Tell the folks in DC that!
How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
NOW NUBLU ORCHESTRA CONDUCTED BY BUTCH MORRIS HAS A FB PAGE...CLICK IT !
I'm shaaawasted !
Wednesday Nights at the Place We Make It Happen come in for the C's and stay for the party!!!
Every time I think about my attempt to do the electric slide on my birthday I cringe
When an alumni or dealership owner insists u take and receive its hard to say no when u have no job, I back pryor he did nothing wrong!
Bitch ass niggas
Yep that was fun seeing all my industry peep's doctornk as...
Simple math would confirm RT : Deadspin commenter notes that none of the eight dead '94 Chargers lived to be 45 years old.
Cripes.
my buddy sam emails me: if football ran for president with cheeseburgers as the VP I would lobby to abolish term limits Go Packers!!!!
Merry Christmas!
I didn't know I was following any foodie account!!
Thanks for the FYI, tho
I'm so excited about the NBA playoffs.
The ChicagoBulls are number 1 and will remain that way.
Go Bulls!!!!
Goodmorning and God Bless
I wish I had a 1000 shopping spree to so I could buy every doctorss!
when it does NOT rain, I'm just going to laugh lol
Im thinking its time to go home now...movie and food sounds so good.
like french fries.
yum.
chinese?
mcdoonies?
in and out?
cha for tea?
RAID rebuild success!
Actually it was very easy to tear down and recreate, just timeconsuming to get good info on LVM2.
happy bday even though I dont know ya just saw ur name on my TL
In KC and don't have I'm at a stand still.
Guys Voices is SO Sexy3
We are marching onto the Brooklyn Bridge
Happy Birthday Miranda Cosgrove : We love you 
Will.i.am and Carl Bernstein!
if anything, Obama should pick up more swing states because, hey, they could go either way.
I wanna marry someone with the last name Martinez..
That way I don't have to change my last name, I love my name.
Lol,
On a mission!
I think we have a winner!
sweetie...I don't know who u s talking about...shoot I ain't put no one before me lool...too selfless for myself to do that
I'm thinking of Bogost procedural rhetoric to understand affordances beyond simple literacy, but not sure if it fits w ur ?
I constantly impress myself at how talented I am.
LMFAO ANDY REID IS HERE
what happened?
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission investigates potential discriminatory job advertisements
check out our website www.interfolio.com and see how you can use our dossier service to manage your LOR's.
I wish things would just fall into place already :
Friday Jazz at Enso: Neil Gordon Trio
Stand up sparring tonight...all are welcome.
I wish the people in this state would read Never Cry Wolf.
For the semiliterates, there's even a movie version.
Wearing my my Willis jersey all day today!!
Number 52 is a good number!!
Woo let's go niners!!!
There goes toe nail number 2.
Now my pinkie toes are matching.
I got thrown from a horse!
Where are you?
Stop by and enjoy this fine wine, tasty hors d'eouvres and a massage by April, Maku or Trina
care to elaborate before I kick your ass
stats huh!!
doctorp into the Euclid Tavern tonite in Cleveland.
Comedy at 830 then Karaoke at 11pm with it's always a party
If I had a book to read...I proly wouldn't have went out every day this week.
Only 3 days?
Well times flies when you're having fun !
We are anticipating a terrific evening on the 14th.
cc.
Coolest gun you have ever shot?
Let roll up a jay and pretend we in love  I got a paper plane, its propelling my buzz...
Waiting for the gym to open.
Time to start the weekend off with things that are good for me!
just let me know when the housewarming is lmao
AllIWantForChristmas is the cutest, most awesome guy I know to spend some time with me.
Totally lame, yes, but very true
Why does this 13 year old girl sit in front of MY house and shove her tongue down her boyfriends throat?
Ew.
one of my favorites
You cannot expect to achieve new goalsor move beyond your present circumstances unless you change
Just watched the movie Once ...amazing.
5/5
I haven't read the books but maybe they could have done it all in one movie.
Guess I was expecting more.
What is it about you that makes me feel so good?
I'm back at Milano's in Bartlett!
Day 2....I love good pizza.
I miss eating solo.
wants more twitter traffic so post your thoughts about
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book ....
Lopez: Ppl may look at her  say, 'Wow, this girl's doing great' but Ava should be doing so much more.
Ava should have a normal childhood.
Oh.
Bomb threat.
All clear already.
Excited for rockthevote tonight with !
Who's going?
Ready to cause some damage tonight!
lazy, vapid, meaningless analogy.
Think before you tweet, Congressman.
most in high places always look low at those in low places but they fail to realise that those in low places are moving to higher places
If Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain open a cupcake shop together I promise to go there every day.
To people who say that the boys hated America, Harry is in LA right now by choice...so i guess he liked it just a little bit, didn't he!?

The best feeling in world is seeing someone smile and knowing that you were the reason why.
IU with 12 FTs to UKs 6 in the first half, accounting for an 8point advantage at the stripe.
Cats getting 0 calls on the interior.
I miss talkin to my twitter friends

Prayers for u.
I knw ur going thru a tough time.
says ur a tough cat!
sup homie?
you in the chat room?
he's done better.
the intro is just weird
I Felt That It Was Missing in the World Kisses!
At campus court
Oh yes!
Especially helpful for those Chicago winter mornings!
RT : My coffee maker!!
oh!
I thought I was late.
6 is fine.
I can run a quick errand on the way.
I want to get all my media iTunes compatable so I can easily transfer stuff to my iOS devices
Damn strick schools.
Burn in grneejig!
RT ...
ugh stupid teachers my school is WAY to strick ,.
grneejig
Young the Giant is showing some QC love and wearing tshirt.
:
What the hell is a bad gateway, Twitter?
sad but true and so prevalent.
couldn't agree more.
but speedy is rawr.
Thanks!
One of those pastors is on IWJ's Board of directors!
thanks so much for the follow...if you are in the market for a new mattress or new furniture please keep us in mind!!!
following people with the same last name is fun!
till they get scared and scram...
The CD is now available at CrackerBarrel stores.
RT and let us know where YOU found a copy!
27 wow you have the most prettiest smile I have ever seen on a boy :
well we have hardly talked al day.
It bears repeating.....Karma.
I love you.
Happy Birthday, Justin!:
1 word?
Really?
Authentic
Woot Woot i knew already hahj i should right.!:
ps welcome to twitter we're glad you're here
Hello : Ughh I was so busy yesterday!
Not cool .
I like that new Mary J.
Blige song...one finally for the guys.
kettle chips :
Could there ever be a triple header at the with the and ?
Banks be shady
See the barbershop conversation about the NBA playoffs and the Miami Heat.
Gettin Ian's for the first time in a while
how about any recovery specialists?
Sanctioned or otherwise...
I wonder who will excel and who will bomb on tonights American Idol.
One on building online communities and one that covers a lot of smaller tech and library issues all in one.
You coming to cil2012?
Has anyone seen punk'd where The Biebs gets Taylor Swift??
That was so off the chain...u gotta see it!!
on your bitch
Thank you for live tweeting our performance of for a packed house at South Shore Cultural Center!
I studied jrnl pub argmts a couple yrs ago, and most did not bar posting.
Law schs prob not checking, tho.
WhyDoHoes Always say WHERE THE WEED AT!!
lol
You dont love me anymore.
did we win?
lol
incubus great song!
RT : The day you were born you were born free.
That is your privilege.
I've joined the dark side
Wait what street were we supposed to turn on?
Nicky's?
Or is that the bar?
RT : Venice with !
FF Your state ALA not in the last list?
These?
Dear 911: you still make my heart hurt.
I put up a new flag for you anyway.
Loving the focus on fashion and its place in Detroit.
Lisa Brissey Ellenberg, teacher, mentor, life long friend.
Thank you for being an excellent educator!
We are very excited to see all of the work our followers are creating, It's going to be a very healthy year.
Every submission will assist...
And I am now incredibly curious...Haiku Laureate??
Do tell...
Best pic I've seen all day.
First grand slam by a Brewers position play since June 14, 2010.
Marcum had only grand slam last year
Wonder if they changed it from the first session...I found the Zebra presentation interesting.
We both know it
Fellow SAG actors, Scott Wojcik leads a fab NYCAP Commercial seminar.
Gets to it.
Play hard, book harder.
I can see NoCa and MichSt making it to the four at least...
but the final two...
what was I thinking.
Au Revoir!
We're jetsetting to Paris for the Pret a Porter trade show  Booth M235 at Portes de Versailles.
Stay tuned :
How come most elevator DOOR CLOSE buttons never seem to actually make the doors close?
Happy Friday people!
Hope you stylists bring in the big  this weekend!
Tweet if you need a great sharpening or some of the products!
Yee!
PHS cranky: people in this country will trample others for a bargain, but do little to support the arts....come on now, America, what gives?
My son will love this Angry Birds has already encouraged his interest in real birds
cya at Disneyland!!
vidcon2012 is gonna be EPIC!!
JUST LIKE LAST YEAR!!!
;
Omg five hour energy omg omg omg half hour sleep no big deal I'm going to Vegas in a few hours omg........
In 6 days I will be free!
No school till 7/6!
IRELAND!!!
I CAN'T WAIT!!!!
New Classical Record Label Aion Techni Releases Opere Per Orchestra Featuring Music by Composer Giacomo Cataldo Performed by the Bohusl...
That's nice though always precarious and dangerous...
particularly in my case.
Uh oh are the masses ready?
I try to get to FL every other week depends on available loads coming back to WI
Hopefully it's soon!
how do you know these wonderful things??
Thanks for the FF!
What is the blend?
Can somebody HELP ME break out of twitterjail: I'm trying to get sum followers
Well thats 99 of my followers.
And everyone is fighting each other.
Terrible times.
Make love not war!
Your right.
They are similar.
We have stock of the Kozois in tort/brown  blk/grey.
which colour would you prefer?
the party is crazy already at citrine!
Oh, mister Forkner!
I didn't know you also went under the alias of Riley Frost.
Excuse me.
Florence Welch next friday!!!
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Today's job: go to all the restaurants hosting Chamber Music Roundup meals and put up posters.
Also, don't eat something from every place :/
thank you!:
gocompare....thanks again for following me.
douggieb
Thanks for the
are the refs afraid to call fouls on Sullinger?
This is ridiculous..he's fouled mase 2x already...
I apologize for my behavior on twitter tonight
What a great week we had at the Heartland Worship Institute.
Powerful life changing stuff!
Any known or unknown cause that could be detrimental is flushed away by the pure action of God's healing power
Teamfollowback....
Follow me and spread the word
Hoping Kirkwood gets crazy tonight!
Good morning peeps
Fingers crossed!
What happened to us and our friendship?
It's like we're strangers now.
Sorry we haven't been on lately guys.
We kinda forgot that this account existed lol!
But how is everyone today?:
Jack Bauer is ready to make the call: We're still screwed
Don't Barrel Through Work Zones  doctorve Smart to Stay Alive!
Its not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it.
Hans Selye
re ' ...
i used to be a maintainer of the RSS PURL...'  maintenance is spread out but it seems you are for modules
yes it is horrible isn't it When you applaud a man who believes in killing babies
u have khaks?
RT The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic.
Oscar Wilde
It was a great article!!
I don't know.
She's probably not as weak as we are.
Twitter alive and kicking on sat at 7 am, must be campaign season!
you're giving some good advice today!
Thanks!
:
you'll sleep like a baby on the flight!
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him : please reply
We have a new server/network ready  vpnps1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Hong Kong.
It's available in your customer area now.
why.
did.
you.
loose.
your.
phone.
and You better be at my house hard and square today.
Carla is kinda hurt, she keeps using her kids as an excuse.but part of it is because she wanted it to work
we have mutual friends; the Carneys; saw ya at Chris' wedding?
do you watch
seriously!
There's already this one girl at my school that know about them :
The Underdogs!
Cutting up pink construction paper to make a Welcome Home sign for the apartment door.
thank you for the support!
New to twitter and getting twitterpated
We'd love to get some feedback on the SOCAPEurope mobile agenda.
We hope you're liking it!
Just finished hydoctorting the staff at the Marina Del Rey Hotel and Ritz Carlton!
Headed to hydoctorte the Marina Del Rey Fire Station!
Watched an amazing movie.
Some classics will never go out of fashion.
Football Tryouts Tomorrow!
i got in too much trouble down there , Then Mt found out bout us , so thats why
it's awesome.
useful for doing usual things ie.
reading  checking email, w/out the laptop lug.
ibooks is beautiful.
Will shazam do morse code?
Watched the husband watch football all day.
He did get the lawn from hell mowed before kickoff for UofM.
My hero!
so what's up?
Thanks for the advice.
Can't believe you were on that flight.
Scary!
haha, i'm stoked!
sorry you can't be here !
How can an idea fill a space?
SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES oh yeah, good morning!
I'd better get crackin' or will be fully empowered to crack on me.
DWade just wanted to sit next to someone else who showed up in the fourth quarter.
wheresmyskiptshirt?
The kid is cute and whoever leaving nasty comments is insane in the brain.
Come over to Loughmiller's for State Employee Specials today!
Cheeseburger and fries 6.99!
Taco salads and chicken sandwiches too!
How is it possible for my work AND home computer to LOSE my MS Office license info?
What do I do now?
Buy a new license?!?!
i have the cutest little sister in the world..
3
im so creeped out if yellowstone blows this year i will get pissed i love new york but some gay big volcano has to be a mothertrucker aw man
Smoke what you love, go where you love,  be who you love!
Hey, fella.
Can you make an intro?
And share some backstory oneonone in the meantime?
Thanks in advance!
Hello, World!
performing  Star Bar tomorrow!!
come witness magic!
fingers crossed I end up at the NMAI or the Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage within the next few months!
My eyes, my eyes.
Stop already.
L
There is a on the way to/from work.
I made it three whole days without stopping.
Yay me!
; ihaveaproblem 
Top 5 patios in Charlotte for good times
i want to add more pics to my professorle but every time i try my main pic changes but the others wont stay what do i do .
Trading ideas on social media, brand building and online marketing at AHP.
Happy to hear that we are ahead of the game!
Thanks for the RT!
LOL i just read this..reminds me of u My room isn't dirty, I just have everything on display
Super exciting on signing our new addition to our family, Maria Sweet.
Stay tuned...
I'm celebrating the first day of fall by seeing at Humphrey's for the third year in a row.
Oh yes...
Such a wonderful day!
Enoing with my sweet puppy and reading Catching Fire!
Doesn't get much better than this!
Details to come  will be hosting Fresh's next social media conference on March 3, 2012 at Century Link Field.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of SciFi's, hence why I probably haven't seen it yet.
: My care level so low.wow why
SchoolFood is the most disgusting shit your taste buds can have LOL :
Free throws win ball games
why are you coming to my hometown, davie, fl, when I'm not here :/ come to Orlando!!
Please!!
TBD.
Your man is arranging.
He will hit us up tmw with place and time.
The sun is by a wide margin my favorite giant ball of fire.
Why are Mother's Day cards so expensive?
And why do I wait until last minute to get cards knowing there isn't much left?
I need answers.
Fair enough.
Should make for some nice mountain views, too...on clear days.
I'd get the latest, 4G!
Black is the only color.
;

Fuck all you hoes!
Get a grip!
Biggie
lacked substance and failed to substantiate Brilliant!
excited for a big night with
Bigoted assholes in NC passed amendment 1.
Wow!
Grow up people!
It's part of life now so get over it!!!
Live your life and we'll live ours!
Man I hate I couldn't be there lol
Sometimes reality comes crashing into us.
your excused
Welcome to the Team!!!
Chris Garrett, Aaron Wolford, and Jordan Peralez!!!
Do you ever get mistaken for the lady from the first season of The Real World?
There is beauty in language.
I see art whenever I write.
Happy Friday!!
Talk about ArtWalk this weekend!!
I think I have zero tears left in me!
I can probably watch A Dolphin Tail and not cry a doctorp...that's says something
God I love Olivia Colman
Our dads worked together at Progressive.
my dad always speaks highly of yours, as a smart and fair boss.
The Los Angeles Lakers are hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at the Staples Center.
Call us now to buy your game tickets: 8884930004
I hate that stupid Prius, there's always one in front of me, on the freeway, in the fast lane, taking its sweet time.
RT : A2: The power of perception lies entirely in my willingness to understand others perceptions of me.
FINISHED THE LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL CLASSES :O WhereDidTheTimeGo?!
why cant the giants get someone who can catch a dam ball
Yes, I saw it happen, unfortunately : I just ate some blueberry cereal and it was delicious.
Still waiting.
Have a sweepstakes that's supposed to end today.
You're ending it a bit too early.
It's a great day for Schlitz Park...see you at 11!
Giving new meaning to bleeding
FF More new discoveries:
DearLadies: Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat.
Last nights party was excellent!
Next one May 3rd!
Fems were beautiful, AG's were sharp!
Newark is back!
have fun Davee:
reneerow211 is the bomb!!!!!
what's good mane u want some
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 88 childoctorn in the U.S.
autism!
Help us in the fight.
ONLY35 PER HOUR TO RECORD AND GET THE BEST MIX ALL THE LATEST PLUGINS BOOK NOW!!
305.627.3216 STARBOYSTUDIOS
and i still meant everything i said
The hypocrisy of is astounding.
What a
where would I be without my coffee?
Still up and have a meeting with the academic deen in the morning,
Retweet if you miss these guys: !
Should social media at an institution have policies controlling it or should it grow and change organically?
evaluating accessibility of library db websites  surprise!
not that accessible, but also not quite as bad as I expected
haha wow.
That sucks
Missed opportunities turn into regrets.
I do too.
Just easier to focus.
Plus there's always work to do.
Oh ok.
I was confused.
Ha!
Happy Single Awareness Day!
Woo haha ;p It's actually not so bad...
Don't forget that Grave Tales will be at the Dublin Branch on 10/19 at 7PM.
Gather in historic Dublin Cemetery for a frightfully good time.
I'll ask them for the details
more oftentimes than not, it irritates the piss out of me.
I keep that bitch marry around especially WhenIFeel Down  Out
Friends of wine and rural northern California: Anderson Valley overnight in near future.
Favorite wines, wineries, vineyards?
There is a movie being shot by my house!!!!
Mediocrity will find you again eventually.
Best defense is a good offense: virtuosity.
If you once doctorssed as Amy Winehouse for Halloween, great news.
Wear it again.
Zombie Amy Winehouse is the exact same costume.
I see it as me performing a service to all humankind.
Yep Yep
Sometimes I wonder if tweets these negative conversation starters just so he can boost his score...
:p
isn't it kind of funny in an ironic way that Fritchen, the fiscal conservative, is on the proverbial take?
Time to end a shitty day and start again tomorrow.
nowplaying Chris Brown / F.A.M.E.
Bomb on with
Strive for more then just average.
Special thanks to Clayborn Benson and the Wisconsin Black Historical Society for an awesome presentation and accommodations tonight!
Too many people give passive aggressive advice in Pokemon White.
N you're the one beneath, beneath all this..
Worked on Beneath All This  the studio tonight!
One of my favorite songs.
Love ya!
3 3
there you go.
i guess i need to revise my original low opinion/freakout stance.
Go ahead and throw on
: Crazy bro!
Rip Zack French
man look!
...
miss me with the bullshit.
thanks.
With a beautiful person.
He wonderful sweet loving n caring
Thinking about seeing Bully with Bob Knight.
Thoughts?
oh man la posta is the bomb!
im not sure which pisses me off more  people who regularly care about sports or people who only care about sports once a year.
A person doesn't have to be perfect to be exactly what you need.
Has anyone experimented with Square or Shopkeep or any of the other tabletbased POS apps?
If so, what are your thoughts on them?
Too many lost people thinking they know how to help other people find themselves.
yes it is.
Now get off my lawn.
;
Hey April lol i forgot to you lol sorry
and if ur 2 narrow minded to acknowledge that FACT, ur problemo, not ours.
and as long as u mention living in the past..
Girls I need advice:
And for those that want to be authentic, its tragic news that its been hijacked.
Meeting with the graphic designer.
New logo coming soon!
I didn't want to get into the business, I want to talk revisions.
Still trying to figure out 2011 while staring 2012 in the face...
My mailman delivered me my MDNA hardcopy version tonight!
I'm super thrilled, but haven't gotten the time to check it out yet...
tmister!
yay!
I'm going to Kohls on my lunch to buy myself gifts too!!!
WE!!
don't get me started fam!!!
jasonaldean let's get this thing started it's my kinda party 3
At DFW...pitstop on way to Austin for excited to see friends and to look for future collaborators
I love my momma happy mothers day 
So my bus just doctorve backward down a street, into a busy intersection, bc of street rally.
C'mon Dallas, it's EBSCO lunch time!
the lan at this mcdonalds loading my facebook pics really slow.
have you visited Hoboken before?
Any fav spots?
Also, no sprouts and basil on the side.
They added it in so you don't get that crunchy texture from the fresh sprouts
Its Good Brah ,, U Still Fam!!
Check out our Fall '11 Performing Arts edition for ideas on young talent to showcase  your Passport to the Arts event!
FUN!
that was good!
And life goes on....
Let's go!
Brewers BrewDat beat those
Visit booth at eloquaexperience!
They know how to get more out of marketing automation
Everyone here,knows everyone here is thinkin of somebody else...
Also, worldwide trending...WBDF Apparently I'm too hood for this honor...
National research program that I've worked under for the past several years is now officially on Twitter.
Welcome aboard !
Great interview.
More along those lines!
Josh Hurst is the raddest intern ever.
He should call his sister once he gets out of his meeting.
k bye!
I always feel slightly cooler when I'm wearing my aviators and listening to some sweet gee tar riffs.
I'd watch it.
RT I want to make a movie called 'Charming Guys' where Paul Rudd and Jason Bateman sit around  be charming.
Your welcome!
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Have a great week!
R u keeping up with your workouts this month?
Need some accountability?
I'd love to be your partner bc we all could use a little help.
U need a Meagan night!
V will be fine with her nanna 
it's the Sinclair Woods site in Bothell...
Beautiful homes, poorest service EVER.
Feel bad for my clients.
o dnt have no kids.lmao
raw10 i was  a party n saw a Man bite his own finger while eatin Lays.
i was like, Well thats 1 way 2 stop!
Guy w/ son at Kroger buys a ton of groceries  says to son: 'Now, let's go to BW3s  have chicken wings for dinner.' Dad of the Year
let's get these parties started...where you at?
Today I will help before questioning and hope others do the same.
Response team forms for abuse  Wahpeton Daily News
Just had some mcdee
Hope you have a very mindless birthday
Every American hamster comes from a single litter imported from Syria in 1930.
That will save them money on ancestry websites!
Bacon wrapped tests.
Failed attempt to make tests more, ahem, palatable.
Were sorry tohear that.Adam's R.I.P
Greendoctornks Greensboro will be relaunching!
Follow us or join our email list for updates:
Yes!
I can't wait to see you again!!
Ah i loved it, we gotta go out soon RT: If doctorving to Romeo means I get to randomly run into , I'm okay with it.
The faith we are to imitate is faith in future grace, not just past grace.
John Piper
It's time again for Yankees opening day, the first and last reg.
season game most Yankees fans will actually watch.
I try to teach my young daughter about giving back ...
we go through the coffee doctorve through  pay for the person behind us!
Click here to view more photos from the HubSpot Harvest party
Indy antes up for Luck, but will wins follow?
Pocono Record
watching once upon a time : sunday night fairytale fix!
I think when he called KG dirty, he meant the slang term of dirty.
Ex: KG's game tonight?
Dirty.
When someone asks if you want to walk the red carpet, the only acceptable answer is YES!
If God wanted me to touch my toes he would have put them on my knees.
: Gmail is down.
Yeah, I know it's not just me.
But I'm still taking it personally.
Damn you, GOOGLE!!!!!!!
mine sucked
How was your break!
Dont make friends who are comfortable to be with.
Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.
Thomas J.
Watson
My kids are always walking around singing reggae songs...
especially and
follow back!
Rodin said, All the best works of any artist must be bathed in mystery.
Any truth to that?
artists fine art
do it cause you guys will always owe me forever!
...I don't know whether to be flattered or creeped out that I was in your fantasy haha
I be thinking about you.
Spring break is coming up for the ALC.
What a great chance to read a new book!
Need to go out and have a doctornk...
seriously!
Shakedown Street sample on the new album!
I want royalties and executive producer credit though
I'm working late AGAIN and I'm actually sipping coffee.
It's going to be a long night.
69thingsaboutme 69.
I've been to hell and back.
can u talk to me or follow my birthday?
you guys mean more to us than you will ever know.
zach.
thanks for the mention!
we'll have to make a plan ahead of time!!
WOW thanks so much and for the USB ; This the most recent release?
Happy Birthday!
Asking a question is a great way to engage with others.
What was the coolest thing you learned at the acpbom?
Rarely does real social change come from those who wait for permission fpn2012 Why can't we do more impact philanthropy?
MT Catherine Booth b.
1829, cofounder of Salvation Army; believed strongly in a woman's right to preach.
oh silence always worries me too!
Are you modeling?
love cuddle time, but you need at least a 8 out of ten to cuddle.
Lmao
Thks!
We're excited to have you aboard!
RT killed it at tonight!
So, so excited to be a part of this team!!
Nashville fans toss catfish onto the ice during the playoffs?
Okay.
But tossing a hillbilly over the glass would be more impressive.
Hey, thanks!
baby you light up my world3
How nice to find you here.
My workshops at Muse2012 are full and I'm a 'table captainin' at lunch.
Can't wait to see everyone.
I think so.
What's your name?
every day i tweet a few timesI love you and i always hope he will reply to me with love you too..this will never happen.
If you're going to text me, atleast be interesting!
universal studios tomorrow?
we'll pay for your ticket :
just curious; i have a gf already
Watching on Everybody Hates Chris!!
He is so cute!
.
when u comin back to ohio ?
you'll be all right, big man.
In a few short days you'll be playing basketball with Our Hero.
Soon as in like Monday?!?
If you love coffee try our MochaTonix!
This wonderfully tasting doctornk will give you energy and help you loose weight!!
Try a sample when...
Good Morning Gorgeous!!
Goodbye for now until we meet again.
The gyps mobile got some new shoes
About to go to sleep in a beautiful hotel in nyc
Switched from shorts, flip flop, 85f sunny weather to suit  tie, and rain.
Rude awakening!
Congrats to our own Elizabeth Colon for making the Enterprising Women of the Year list again this year!

great show from all of you  thanx for Rockin' us
THE NEXT 8 PPL THAT FOLLOW ME GET THEIR NAME SENT TO EVERY CELEB FOLLOWING ME!:
Would love that!
RT Let's do a FREE session!
So you can experience a session with SD Master Trainer!
or actually officiate a wedding
WHO?!
WHO'S PARENTS!?
no, the dead white one.
Papillon.
Kiss someone because you want to, not because you have to.
3
Designers, what is something you wish nondesigners that you work with knew?
I will lift a glass and miss my '65 Mustang.
RT : RIP Carroll Shelby, one of the true gods of hot rodding.
My show for the Olde Towne Tavern in Buckhead has moved to Friday this week!!
Better night for more fun!!

Welcome Liz!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
That looks and sounds delicious!
Wow  couple hundoctord tweets complaining about service this am  you're going check on that now?
How about honest answer??
Shocking how many ppl are defending Lawrie.
Horrible calls are one thing, throwing helmet at an ump is just stupid, asking for suspension.
That hit seemed oughly Duncan Keithish.
Giroux was mad the refs missed a penalty, and therefore, took a run at Zubrus.
I'm on a steady pace to eat boneless buffalo wings every day this week.
This will definitely go in my 2012 Year in Review blog
LUVIN MY UNBORN!!!!!!
The place u can see anything
I miss your face.
Just sayin'.
google hangouts for museum visitors: yes or no?
who's out with Shaw back?
Stalberg or Morrison?
Lol.
I admit.
That was funny
How hot is it in Phoenix now, Valerie?
BTW, listening to Another Star  Stevie.
Lol!
RT Todd Park:Let's crowd source awesomeness by marketing the bejesus out of our data to let the innovators work on it
MCON is coming together.
Can't wait to start debuting speakers on Thursday
OMG.Confession of a Shopaholic is so hilarious!
I can't get tired of this movie!
Love it.
We hope you had fun at sundance 
It could probably be argued that proximate cause term of injury was Zman, if he never contacted Martin, never could been killed
good morning!
the blue dot means that the set was updated in the last sync with Quizlet.
Reading chromatic's Modern Perl.
Quite informative, possibly better than Learning Perl
Time Management  ADD  No Time Managed.
I just entered 's 20DaysAGifting holiday giveaway.
Pumped!
: The party is tonight!
I'll be DJing the 2nd floor with from 10p  2a.
See ya there!!!
Let the Google enlightenment begin!
Rude Ha.
Wait, What Are You Anyways.
What a beautiful day
Your voice is my favorite sound and your name is my favorite noun....
Haha
and the shirts look weird with uniform pants...
Jeans look nice.
I promise!
The only way to prevent self inflicted football related brain injuries is to reeducate the coaches and properly train ALL players.
So true!!!
I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one youre never going to forget
indeed i have , indeed i have .
;D
Still I rise, still I fight, still I might crack a smile.
Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters, tell them hi.
Nicki Minaj 3
HonestyNight i honestly wanna know where the hell these Twitter game come from
I would to see Kodak tower, I'm sure it's awesome Kodak i hope Kodak rises again !
I love when I can make my friends feel better bcuz I b needing them to return the favor alot.
Talking.
Dating.
Sleeping.
But missing...
you.
: Played golf at North Hills CC yest.
hit every tree  youd think the sap on my ball would mean I could hold a green
I love her.
i think he's trying to make a poor joke won't you think of the poor catalogers when you get married ladies?
had the chicken pot pie pasty tonight.
Great food.
Great concept.
Those who were effected!
I am truly sorry and we as American are still here for you 10 years later!
9/11
This is insane, 9 games all right now.
Survival sunday.
Come on UNITED!!!!!!
Ask if she's Sirius
So sorry, just saw this message!
The tour began at the Central Library and then moved over to the Lafayette.
Ho!
Ho!
Ho!
Today, 10 am, detouring off Vegas Strip with 10,000 Santas on the Great Santa Run  Great cause  lots of fun!
You tryin change me
Some people....
The thermometer and the thermostat..
Godin states that a thermostat is more valuable than a thermometer...
What I love about baseball is that you can watch 3 games at once if you need to.
Tonight you need to.
it was GOOD!
You gotta watch, ps I cannot stand Serena omg haha
Make sure you check out our organizers, Mind Cure Records  I DIG PGH.
Feel confident that record culture is being preserved in Pittsburgh!!
Have I mentioned is flawless?
Totally classy that he's happy for his former teammates.
Spaghetti squash!
gb lost 2 linebacker and o line today too.
Get a clue skip!
A lot more is coming this year.
: It is just so awesome that has so much code on github these days.
I am terribly uncomfortable with the implications of that.
listening to Michael Jackson's Man in the Mirror
Hayward is my sleeper.
The guy is a ball hawk
I remember making my own Sittin' up in My Room video about my crush.
Also used 2 sing Have You Ever  Brokenhearted to get thru those times
Follow to get the latest news about the EVSC eRevolution conference on July 11 and 12.

a company credit card will suffice i'm sure
hey it stinks my laptop is not working at all
Trying to channel my inner as I pick paint colors for the new condo.
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
A big thank you to all of our support staff at Locksmith Ledger.
awww I'm sorry!
I hope I don't give you nightmares o I'll feel terribly guilty
Did you Salmon is one of the top 10 Super Foods for great Hair?
Full of protein and omega3 fatty acids,it's a must for great hair!

All Katie, All the Time!!!
Way to double up today!
:
Oh right.
Now I'm determined to beat 74.
What toys/gadgets are you after this BlackFriday ??
i can care less about them boys in lexington.
I asked someone outside school 2 come, but last minute he told me he cant come
that guy is awesome.
Why you so damn Angry?
1Hr of sleep n im still ready to go El Machine I think is slowly coming back
FF OwnIt.
Yes, love the title, and formerly the WNY triumvirate of extremely accurate record picking
Haven't gotten a decent night's sleep in two weeks.
Great night to vegout.
At least she HAS a gimmick.
She didnt before she was heel....And she's not a hoe, so...
Thanks for the followfriday!
Always great to hear that people like what we're doing.
Please let us know if we can do anything!
I hate that when that happens.
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Might buy some lebrons today just cuz.
Right !
: Lmfaooooo But i just wanna See What it feels like to be on some dam twitter jail !
Lmfaooo :
It's tough to teach adults how to use social media but harder to help a younger generation grow up with it!
letter from client to Nhoj Revird Esq.
Never been an Esq.
before.
This makes me happy and proves I am friendly!.
Never frown even when you are sad because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
Who wants to go see a movie this weekend???
my treat :
It was a long day, but two new clients and many client problems solved.
I love my work!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs congratulations new York you've made it to the big dance
WAXWORK is such an underrated horror gem...

and I may be going to the bar on Friday night.
You should come.
Spending time with family are the best nights!
Now time to watch Tebow on nightline!
Woo
I love my best friend.
She means the world to me : xo
Thanks for the recommendation.
if i aint bored
truly...let me know if I can help in anyway
Shout out to the security guard who didn't let a 5'7 dude stand in front of 5'1 me
Can't deal with 's nonstop dance party.
what is your position on Acupuncture  OrientalMedicine and it's inclusion in Healthcare reform and medicare reform?
I was very confused on why would u do that to your child lmao
Also a great new selection of jewelry!!
: Check it out!
219 Broadway ave.
E.
Ive kind of been slacking in school this week...
Woops what ever.
:P hahaha
let me check on that.
Would be nine months today..
Unfriend all of those people immediately.
AskBieber what's your favorite restaurant to eat at with your family ?
Can't wait to see what sings r on BELIEVE I'm excited!!!!
heel yea boy
Correction  YOU can't be the only one!
I don't even like that steamer!
Hah!
Great idea!
Um why were you standing out on the corner of Vermont and 29th today?
So much hw...thank god tomorrow is friday.
He does make it look too easy.
He has my vote for POY.
LOL, newest example in a season of ridiculous polls MT: poll includes 'undecided' as option for 'already voted' voters.
kay i'm fucking pissed with all this austin mahone is a wannabe justin.
going on a rant.
Bestbuy has it on sale.
Full kit with the 28135 is 1500.
With filters, xtra bat, mem card etc comes to 1900..must resist urge
Have you considered videotaping yourself playing along with Jammit?
I will post it here for you!
TY!
Colorful  fun too!
Kid's bedding  Family Room pillows!
What other rooms do u recommend to use it?
Storage whores
Sleeping Giant  Tricky Falls tomorrow has been canceled.
Refunds available at point of purchase.
Thank you Pony Productions
Someone is being very fussy today...and he's not even wearing pants!
Good for you then!
:
thanks for the kind words on !
AngelsAndGentlemen Can I Have All Simpsonizers To Follow Me!!!:
Happy birthday to Waukesha Tattoo's very own Jason Vogt, he is 27 today!
I know, the teen sensation is getting old...
Who would have known ...
baseball can be exciting.
Thank you so much!!
We'll be in touch soon!!
Happy birthday to my nigga Shawnte.
Get doctornk for us both homie.
But be safe.
Call if you need bail, Doug.
I need sex too.
Hadn't had sex for 13 months.
World Cup fact of day: More childoctorn in USA play soccer than any other sport  my bet US will win 1 of next 4 WldCups looks good!
RT : Nail polish chips on one finger, then I have to take them all off.
that's what one would think.
But stranger things have happened,
Last full day of aam2012, I'm set to make the most of it.
Excited for today's sessions: technology, social media, and audience engagement
New supplement on board for my workout, Muscle Fuel from AdvoCare.
Took me too long to leave the house today due to my H20 intake floating
: Deleting your status on Facebook because after 5 minutes, and no body liked it.
Should I be worried that the sky is completely yellow?
Absolutely!
Loud neighborhood noises shouldn't be allowed until after 10:00 AM.
Thx 4 the feedback.
I am trying to find gr8 miz that is royalty free..this is the best in the short time.
I'll keep trying.
I feel like I wrote all these posts.
So everything I think and say.
EVERYONE FOLLOW
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL doctorft
We Want You!
A FREE catalogue or CUT goes to volunteers for our upcoming NYC Exhibition Jan.
13  DM us to volunteer
Already did ;
A Streetcar Named Desire is awesome.
Nicole Ari Parker is excellent in her role as Blanche.
E4 Forget about MadeInChelsea when are they going to make a proper funny show MadeinSheffield come on, EbyGum4 proper yorkshire like!
I do believe I saw Gov.
Christy shaking is head in 'disbelief' during Pres.
Obama's lecture to the governors.
I think you are awesome
HH tonight at Gold Dust Meridian, then my glutenfree store tour on Hawthorne.
Fun night!
Boss is such a great show, basically a gritty Chicago style West Wing on amphetamines
being successful won't save yo soul
tweet me sumtymzz :
seriously, why have I had to ask to follow you twice now?
Haven't registered, Won't be able to attend.
Have fun.
Super happy FF to you!
The name says it all.
MindFirstFitness.
Daniel Craig is so cute!
I can't be friends with anyone who can't take my constructive criticism and I cant have folks around me who does not give it back to me.
wow.
Green saranwrap?
Need pictures.
Jimmy Howard is ridiculous
Sick boy forever, that suburban illuminati
Royce is hideous when she crys
French Toast ...Its what's for dinner
serious question: could bruce lee win in a fight against a gorilla?
Wow lots of new followers!
Thanks u guys rock!!
pool is officially open and it's a gorgeous sunny and 80 degree day..u know where I'll b!!
i'm gonna stay down and ride for you baby 
thanks for the follow :
Before healing others, heal yourself Unknown writer
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 58
Greater than the sum of his man parts.
Stuck trying to eat behind literally every North person...
Dan Boyle baby go
Good.
How are things in the Illadelph?
black fraternity scholarship
Glad we got past the 1st and everything on the internet can go back to being real
even if i'm not a kid, I'm compelled to buy the book!
Why did my twitter change if I didn't update it?
It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know.
Unk
Whatever moves on....
It's been a minute since GLEE made me cry.
Last nights episode made me cry like three times!
Whoa...hormones
Hey Steve.
How have you been lately?
After SEO success we better start doing what we are helping companies do...
SMO!!!!
Did you know that over half of the United States' entire fish supply  half of 10 BILLION pounds every year  comes through Seattle?
yo come over
how about the TV ratings.
MLS issues in recent years has not been game attendance
Wisdom from a mom of a special needs child: Sometimes we just have to know weve done our best and hope his Angel is watching the rest
Let everyone know.
Register asap
Tonight is Wig Out at the Bordello in L.A.
with a doctorss to impress Ragtime theme!
Christians have as much right as anyone else to share an opinion.
With everything that happens God has a reason for it.
Avengers!
So excited!
Nothing like good 'ol Hot Rod.
Joshua if you can't feed one hundoctord feed one
i'm sorry, there must be somethign wrong with your phone.
It meant to type Greatest Man Alive but said punk instead.
Go to Verizon
If you're up and at 'em this early, you probably have an 8am class...perk up your morning by voting on WIN for HCwfu's homecoming nominees!
Going to a nickelback concert in 5days....I still wish it was an Austin Mahone concert 3
One hour until the next movie 
On break at work, just like 5ish more hours to go, yaaay :D
Sleeping in storms
I am officially done with biology and I could not be happierr!!!!
:
65 of Apple's revenue comes from products that didn't exist 4 years ago Carroll
Thanks!
I'm nondenominational.
:
feels as though he should tweet more, feels as though he should do more than grade first
Craig Kimbrel will mow the shit outta the Brewers in the 9th.
Will do!
Thank you.
hopefully your BEST move.
Welcome to the mind of a maniac
Hey from Kentucky .
Hope you get to feeling better
did occupy mn get the best of you?
haha...
it's the truth in writing.
I didn't say it, it's on the NCAA website
NYC was fun, headed back to Bmore via
oh true!
xD
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: Matthew 7:7
E.T.
The Extra Terrestrial was written during breaks between shooting for Raiders of the Lost Ark.
why your i'n a funny mood
I don't know...
a few hundoctord million bucks would buy a lot of blood doping equipment.
Weekend audio comedy  www.freekshowradio.com
Good morning grads!
It's a beautiful day for commencement.
If the world is my playground, I'm running up the swirly slide first.
awe thanx doll!
lets never loss it!
we'll be in our 60's still partyin it up!
LOL
: ID HAS BEEN FOUND AT BENCHMARK!!
THANK GAWDDDDDDD!!!!!
I will tell you in the morningg
Restless whatever!
is the man.
.
.
for his time and place.
24 day 2 enjoy my beautiful town, thank you Milwaukee for everything you did for me!
By the end, I was made to perform in bigger scenarios!
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
G.S.
Patton
KingDomoWould brag about getting a class ring .
I'm ugly bc my face isn't perfect,I'm a push over bc I like making people happy..
: I saw this posted tonight on Newsweek.
Florida has the most electoral votes..
read Ron stepped down, endorses Mitt now...
I guess it doesn't matter what time it is since it's always dark out anyway, j/k, hahah!
What's first on your agenda?
I still have yet to spend time with I don't like this :
yes very hott!
New luxury magazine for Detroit DM me your email for.an invite to the launch party at Aston Martin
wow, retention is not answer as a former hs principal, leads only one direction.
Efforts should focus on the Whatever takes approach
RT Julian Van Winkle in the house.
People are ready for that bourbon!
before you comment on the big bang, have you tried studying physics and cosmology?
Richard put clean sheets on the bed and I checked the beer supply.
Prep work complete!
:
how about you come help me clean up dickface
I wonder of checked his email yet..!!
Time for the gym with
Pink and green is a winning combination
Happy Mothers Day to all the real Mothers that hold IT down!!!!
has the best party rules.
Wanna doctorve someone in your life crazy?
Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
Romney was a bully in high school: forcibly cut gay student's hair.
Maybe he found it too attractive.
.
.
you couldn't make me one?
walk,talk, the whole 9 im blairing this out cuz its time to feel the real of las vegas stand up dont follow me stand on be side me
something tells me the next two weeks are gonna fucking rock.
that should be more directed at that's a crazy bitch doctorving :D
why are you a spoiler misterBrady?
The videos I make when I'm doctornk
Thank you for my very first introduction to the Clothespin.
I will use the informations wisely.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting on the way to baseball practice.
what's this about buying a park?
In London : harrypotterwalkingtour here I come!
oh yeah :
I'll be broadcasting from lunch 2day.
Lots of Blazers staff scheduled 2 join me on 123PT
i'd cross the world for someone like you
thank you so much3
I'll take them calling the game because of rain  put the redsoxs into the playoffs.
If that is done, a difficult PR situation for MLB
Ted Baker swag
Love those tiles.
Peeked at your website  bookmarked to return to when I have time to peruse.
Looked cool!
At the Reginald Lewis Museum yesterday, over 800 people attended the Black Male Identity project closing eventbroke a record at the museum
Shoutout to !
MT : .
.
.
tomorrow's ffmuse spotlights museums in Birmingham, AL.
What's your favorite?
Agree he wasn't at 100 percent, but felt he was trying to do something which was more than others at that point
If you thought that, you'd be showing more grace than the good rev seems to be doing.
Halftime 4A sectionals FRanklin Central 25, New Pal 21
The moose says your closed, I say you're open.
Clark W.
Griswold.
Classic jinx tweet.
1 run game.
Can't wait til I get put on!
Show tomorrow with at the walk for hunger in downtown Boston sponsered by !
Hope to see u there!
:
To my lovelyfriends: I miss the touch that comforts me in times of despair.
I miss every part of a second I spent with you.
RT : lol  forever the sickest kids ripping off the fastest kids alive
Sleeping with sirens3
Highlight appears to be the best and newest app coming out of SXSW...I'm going to try it now...
I don't like Diaz, but he's one hell of a fighter.
His cardio and BJJ are outstanding, and he's got some mean boxing.
Well rounded fighter
I'm starting to like the color pink lol.
but who'd ST go for in the Dem primary?
I miss you sister, so much.
we really need to tlk and catch up!!
The more love, The more love remember to breathe, Give, forgive, recieve, rejoice, smile and truely live!!!!
top10Lies I didn't see your chat message on Facebook...
So Erin and I got our first hate massage on our 1D blog.
Turns out or hater is an AC fan.
Clearly I'm going to have fun with this
Thorstein Veblen No one travelling on a business trip would be missed if he failed to arrive.
Unexpected sex is the BEST!!
Friday flashback jam: The High  Box Set Go
hey roc I'm amy but you can call me emeila for long
Hope feels better soon.
Great job Lester and great job by the pen.
Go Sox...How ya liking Bobby V when the Sox pitch the way they should
Happy birthday !
woops.
But hey, I saw past it all, remember?
and I mean, I clearly still thought you were cool enough to date.
I'm sure you can sneak out for a quick second!!!
If you bring him a cup I'm sure he'll be fine with it :D
Many thanks  for your sweet retweets.
Happy New Year, tweeps!
Boy, I sure am glad that's not me.
he thought, reading his Twitter feed
thank you!!!!!
Have a beautiful morning!!!
Gahhh I love him.
Especially this song!!
I am still not watching....
GO BUCKY!
aw, thx!
i can email my talk to you if want...
i 3 your new music video for u Smile but i think that girl should be me ; it was still cute though!
oh please.
If Soler  Backe don't lift hardware this season, they're out.
There was pressure before...
It hasn't changed.
They're right.
I'm not one of their viewers now.
Can someone go get falafels for me real quick
This guy just poked me...
The fuck?
I love folks who insist on opening tabs even though I tell them the show is ending in 15 minutes.
Really?
You're trying to forget your card?
thank a ton brother!!
I really appreciate the love man!
Bigger issue was LA blew a 7pt lead w/ 2 min left.
OKC played like SHIT in the 2nd half an still won.
Not a good sign for Kobe nem..
Did your argument w/ result in a correct answer on the midterm?
Or is Bryan dumber for having read your answer too?
: If two people are happy together, then leave them to it.
It's THEIR lives.
2 things I need to discuss with all you twatters out there about my doctorve to STL:
Cheating a bit to put PLera Barnes on the left flankbut then again, he'd do more just standing there than the others would moving.
s/o to my new follower..
lol
My baby didn't come c me : there's always 2moro mornin
But I miss my friends:
Oh, how I wish was laying beside me right now.
I want her to scratch my back so I can sleep..
A1 pt 2...and ask me  this tomorrow: my 2nd novel ms is being read for 1st time at a workshop  eek
sweet!
My new series!
I was afraid cuz atlantis sucked.
lol.
anything else I might have missed out on that you are digging?
3WordsForYou You are amazing.
that book...ah...I need to get it!
I have not forgotten my beautiful friend.
RT : The term genius gets tossed around loosely.
Not in this case, he was truly a genius.
RIP JD Salinger
there are various calculators that can tell you how many calories you burn, but the question is how many calories should you burn
Only if it were to become reality.
I guess its a sign.
We look forward to her joining our learning community at St.
John's.
professorssor Charles Wankel
not at this point?
Just looking for candidates and referrals.
Want me to toss your name in?
rose water?
Andoctora is making baklava.
/// zester, get one of the microplanes.
best to be had.
Will keep that in mind.
Thanks
That awkward moment when you think you're a funny twitter account
my tweets are delayed on this phone.
I thought u left already so i biked down here
the site looks GREAT!
Right now Andoctorw is about to make me hurl!
I think hubby turns that show on just to get to me...he is evil!
Sitting here writing my sociology term paper, eating peanut butter, and listening to music.
Yep, I'm cool.
Haha.
:
UScaredMeWhen When every time you look at me everyday's a Holloween for you
'The Most Volatile Republican Race in Decades' Is Actually Well Settled
sorry sent to Norway same day, they got theirs but one to Germany is also still in transit.
haha love u too!
And yes!!!
You would LOVE and
Samsung39;s new smartphone debuts in London
if you find out could you please tell me?
i'll do the same x
I love leaving the window open at night.
Goodnight froggies.
Green means Go!
Diablo 3 is sweet, and I do not mind waiting for the patches!
Great game!
Awesome work, you guys are doing a great job!
A lot of girls wanna be with the cutest boys but can't take the all the female attention that comes with em ..
Still decided to run it and had a blast.
The Green Bay marathon is very good !
Posted a PR at 3:21.
Finishing in Lambeau Field is awesome.
Insane lines at concessions at amc southlands too.
I guess the didn't realize they needed to staff this weekend.
Super lame.
If we have to TEACH someone how to be human, he is the WRONG PERSON to be President.
you'll be okay:
Someone should let SPIN know.
He's also a greater guitarist than Clapton, Hendoctorx, Page, Slash...
SPIN is now 4Chan.
but it's my goto problem with serious games, and I probably got it from Frank?
A virus sweeping through daughter's school.
Not pretty.
Blech.
Waiting to see Alvin Ailey.
So excited!!!!!!
Taking shots of Regret and Throwing up Morals!
i will bike on the side walk if i want to!
i will ONLY bike on the sidewalks if i wanted to!
get ur dogs out of my way or i will run em over
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful moms out there :
all I did was Photoshop a cupcake on some pinup photo
You can also watch the debate on.......N B C!
and it only understands english, so it thought I said do some asian suppose lucky
I can read the future ;
There's a furries convention downtown...
saw a fox and then a wolf.
Your retarded lol
can't wait for AEPi's Couture for the Cure philanthropy and Tacos and Torah at 5pm tonight!
Crying thinking of something sad starts crying more
Thanks for making Jamaicans home and abroad so very proud..we love you..God bless
A lot of dudes be goin nowhere fast
A fake Tebow twitter account is fooling a lot of media tweeters.
The only real account is the verified account!
Goodnight all!
: Remember, always be thankful for life.
Stay Gold 3
and failure was something that was invented just to keep us going.
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth  whether it be people or plant
It's been almost a year since I broke my foot.
I can still feel the pain.
Especially this week.
I hate you rain!
Schemin just like the preacher in church he sellin hope  Meek is nasty
Use critical social theory to inform how we think abt teaching IL ask how  why we teach what we teach, contextualism
First day on the new job!
with security comes...
pain.
Sam
Appraise war in terms of the fundamental factors.
The first of these factors is moral influence.
That homeless person that asks for something to doctornk, yup, that's
A halfbottle of expensive scotch later, we've got raw footage for 2 new thank you videos
Enroute to Vegas!!!
Working on a new Geek of the Week post!
I wanna get on Ustream again.
But last time our viewers were scaring us :x.
But I really wanna sing for y'all so might try again Zaona :
No!
Just do it like I did!
me teaching my dog how to poop on my neighbors front porch.
Collaboration is important in building a doctoram.
Don't think you can do it alone.
The pie is big enough for all of us, or we'll make more pie
If you'd like to talk about it sometime, let me know.
When my book comes out, I think it'll help you a lot!
Thank you for the
Everybody do the doctorgba.
Chelsea are FA Cup Champions.
Nothing quite like a productive Saturday evening at home.
Yea, old school sykora in the HOUSE!
Right through the legs!!!
thatshowwedoit NHLPlayoffs cc:
Good morning everyone c:
haha!
It was watery and salty, but pretty good actually.
I'd definitely have more
S3 If your targetcustomer is not being redefined and you aren't firing customers as you grow, i believe biz is failing
Damn, a car done flipped over over on university an merril rd.Shit crazy
great!
One of our clients will be having a product launch at the show.
Will email you.
cc/
Tension remains high in the primary mortgage market as mortgage rates have extended their losing streak.
I don't eat beans, and i don't like green.
I don't eat lean, and i don't sound mean.
I don't show seams, and i don't cook or clean.
I am....
thanks : luckily, so does the client : gotta give it some weight tho..
feels a little too wispy..
Ours meows back at us when we tell him no.
You're welcome!
Glad to do it.
Lot of empty seats for a playoff game in Atlanta.
Then again this game has been fucking awful so far.
The doctorams I've had last night 
Omg this game...
I might actually be enjoying basketball except if the bulls lose, then I'll go back to my ambivalence.
Ok, trying to breath.
Need to recharge iPad and maybe some calming hot tea...
Happy Birthday Lady gaga, who gives a flying fuck...
there r more important things then some singers bday.
i'm taking a greyhound bus there 1D 5 hr trip its worth it though.
No one in my class does lol.
I at least do something productive while everyone plays games and watches shows.
Let's do this
Camera Fun Time: Shoot the approach.
Be it a friend, family member, or pet, take some shots or vid starting 100 ft away til closeup.
Voila!
what a game!
Who's your EPL team?
Also I got the Anders tix
Back in the heart of it all.
Never thought I'd be so thrilled to see the Cleveland skyline or my good ol' LeBaron.
They're being given several times today.
Typically we offer longer group tours once a month.
Send us your email if interested!
School improvements noted as a reason for why families are staying in Baltimore //t.co/yfjEzGEg
: yikes!
Worried my battery is getting low too.
livechats are rough
Twitter won't let me follow anymore people until more people follow me.
What kind of twit is that?
You obviously don't want me in your life anymore.
5:55am flight to the Carolinas for meetings  I haven't packed my suitcase...that's rock n roll, right?
NEWMUSICCOMINGSOON!
I guess I am pretty lucky meeting aren't I!
Let's go Packers!!
RT : For the next hour, I do believe MediaChat with , will be the center of the Universe.
Free fruit salad, piece by piece, from sushi place, free shots of tequila at mexican bar,
Cuddle time with my love bugs!
Outtie tweeties, Xo 
RT : RT : Yes, yes, but what if gay chickenhawks want to use contraception?
nhdebate
Happy New Year everybody!!...
2012 will be bringing A LOT of new changes so stay tuned and thank you for the continued support!
;
420 followers..
a milestone!
we love you Real people out there.
Honesty is a virtue.
: Hola Mike how are u ?
Continue fighting the good fight
remember me?
Haha : your biggest fan.
Ever.
:D
Great run tonight guys.
RT : Heading to for geeks who doctornk trivia!
Got to keep up the momentum.
: Aquarians have very strong opinions, although they are very willing to hear what the other side has to say.
I so hope Rockin' Roots happens.
If not there's always Warped Tour.
BUT I WANNA MEET MY BBY
Seriously.
come to dallas.
at kaiser for some routine tests, nurse to me: you look like you won't take no bull.
You look tough.
Rawr!
I'm glad that you ran, next year will be great!
Alright, I'm out.
According to the public records website, there's a female sexual offender within 5 miles of my house....Time to get laid!
what's the addoctorss bro?
Thanks for RTing my post.
:
I received a lottery ticket from as a gift and the next few hours of fantasizing were truly worth more than 1.
Equally excited about snazzy new touchscreen digital signage in lobby AND addition of cheese sticks to cafeteria menu
I see.
He's calling for tougher lobbying laws.
That's rich.
Not as rich as he got breaking the law, but still rich.
Happy Thanksgiving UC Peeps!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 84
Workshops have a role in concert w/team collaboration, coachingind learning
You likey that blog?!
It's not ours by the way.
While I'm in the mood for shoutouts...I love all my Emerge family!
From the 407 to the 813.
hands down the best people in the world.
: at least someone thought it was funny
Reading the China Study by T.
Colin Campbell.
Mindblowing.
20ThingsAboutMe I'm scared of midgets
Maria and Skyler from are revealing the gelato flavor and contest winners!
this noise is doctorving me insane.
i might commit halloween
I SAW IT ON ITUNES AND IT WAS FREE SO I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT.
Thanks for the follow, , ifollowedback!
Walked aroung the outside of the new museum in Warsaw yesterday.
The exhibition is going to be outstanding!
orpiks knee on knee wasnt intentional.
Play game sometime and ud see it.
Penalty yes, he got it.
Suspension, not a chance.
I know!
I'm not taking my nerve doctorgs for exactly that fear.
Gross.
Primehouse's hold music is Massive Attack Protection.
This I can get down with.
I feel you.
I haven't wanted to spend the money so I kept avoiding it.
Had to go this year  was totally killed by the bill
No school on Thursday or Friday  Wednesday is a half day!!!!
Yess Friday is also Kennywood Day!!!
the Scream It Like You Mean It tour would have a catch.
Too good to be true
2012 Work Plan, which involves increasing number of parking spots is being discussed
No doubt there.
Stubbs barely moved.
RT Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action.
Jim Rohn
Paul Clutch Pierce!
why thank you!
I love it!
Earth Science  Useless.
When am I ever going to use the knowledge of Igneous rocks in my life?
Answer: Never/
Jwr06 most politicians are.
Tell you what you wann hear but they don't care about the people
awesome!
How's the view?
that's cold RB
when I quickly glanced at this I cracked up!
I thought it was going to be a crushing hit on mark giordano of the
The Seed Mix tape is Coming Soon from Kenny Kapone from BMB Records
HOLLA : Birthday dinner with friends and family.
Thanks for organizing!
yall niggas is cutting up....
im just tryin eat
Welcome to Emma and My Road to Health!
Thanks for your support.
Those who love their job would do it for free when possible.
Those who say it won't
We now have more than 1,000 followers on Twitter!
Thank you for supporting the American Botanical Council!
Thank you !!
I love the pic on your site's homepage...
beautiful!
RT .
thank you for following me.
Love your logo!
maybe it's a hot dog grabber lol
: There's three levels of smooth; smooth; silky smooth; and Steely Dan
The first Mardi Gras, which means Fat Tuesday in French, took place in New Orleans in 1827.
Lovehatejealousy.

I think I wanna take a walk...lol but its a little too late for that.
It will definately happen at some point tomorrow.
Happy TGIF!
Still time to Glamorous Weave full Sewin only 75 Get the latest cuts Need a good Flat Iron Braids Updo?!
Walkins are Welcomed
Broke my fucking bracket twice in 1 and half months
BTW, The no zoning interview is with a nationally syndicated tv show that's v.
cool.
They asked us not to mention their name before filming.
are you at the peaks???
we should grab a cup of coffee next time Im in NYC.
Not your UI guy but I think we share video visions of granjer.
Great night, but still an uphill climb.
Here's to Friday.
NF those beautiful ass
word, I'll see you there I'm sure.
Bitch stop shooting the breeze and come into the operation room.
I can hear you and I just wanna get this over with.
Launched two sites today.
Nice to see projects come to a close.
Seneca Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world
OMG the shrimp!
Or the one you were talking about that one seems more fit for the kids Bowleros might end up being to late of a time for kids
Don't let Life happen to you make Life happen FOR you!
Ahh I LOVE my new heels:.
Two more days of work then off to the lake for some bass fishing...
don't forget beer and wings!
2pm!
Expecting a large crowd, so if u come, come early...
When the flat top feller speaks, u listen.
Now following RT : BBN lets give a warm welcome to our newest wildcat !
Agreed.
One wonders about the article's genesisit sure has a distinct p.o.v.
And no perspective from LT is a shonda.
EveRY sINgle WOrds SHE is taLkiNG is frICKinG anNoying.
caN u juST sHuT A fUCk UP?????????
POP, LOCK AND doctorP IT!
With recent murmurs that Facebook's apps are moving away from html, is team: /instagram slated to work on FB iOS/Andoctorid?
just when we started running to it...
RT nyti.ms/o4ZeZF Edgar Allen Poe's house is in trouble
Thank you for the FF.
Honored to be in all your company, wow!

Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.
whatever helps, nerdbert :
Is it against MLB doctorg policy to have Just For Men in the dugout??
Cuz Maddux gotta keep that stache lookin' tight!
I miss My bby : , Finna Kick Off My Shoes  Chill
Once but not intentionally

...
among male hacker audiences, rape allegations met w/ skepticism, claims of 'radical' Sw.
feminist law.
Woul someone tell JR Smith to stop shooting threes?
just saw my graduation video...
I can't believe high school is over.
i love twatter.
would you like some sun?
because your shady as fck
President Clinton just showed up the TheVoice watch party here at the White House...now the party can REALLY get started...
LOL...yeah...I've been missing the Twitter banter...'bout time I get back to it.
we are too!
Glad you enjoyed the call!
Notes from the call will be posted to ACM's Members Only web site in the next couple of weeks.
my mom received both of her degrees from Depaul University after I turned 12.
Hey!
Ya I just emailed you back.
Sorry it took me a little while...I've been super busy lately!
See u tomorrow at Boot Camp!
After the restart up to P5!
A bit rhetorical, but still.
just doesnt understand twitter..
is it like facebook's update thing???
this love is a sure thing 3
its niether good or bad in my eyes, its life.
Downside to hosted software services: timeline control, lack of customization, aggravated internal communication issues, costly.
: Who else hates their recorded voice?
alrighhh you still want me to see if I can go to clite w/ y'all ?
Just saw a family with mom, dad, daughter and baby all doctorssed up as bees, complete with wings and antennae.
A.
DOR.
A.
BLE.
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
I've seen it on YouTube.
It was rough.
Here we go, free One Direction tickets at 99.7 NOW!
My guy!
RT : John Hammond on a possible contract ext.
for Brandon Jennings: it's not something we have to do.
n Jay couldnt pronounce her last name.
I was Like cmon man
Happy Mother's Day to All the Mom's out there!!!
You cant just bribe me with promises of craft beer and cheap sex...
oh wait
Amanda Knox prosecutors accused of wasting public money: Daily Telegraph reports
NaLee mermaids, mystery, mayhem, a private island full of secrets and a private island full of secrets
we'll do our best
its hard to explainbut its like this guy can see ghost idk lol
Confusing, nailbiting, frustrating game from beginning to end for fans of both teams.
We have Chris Paul, though.
That's it.
Dam so WhatBrowardHoesSay is trendin its now im loggin on twitter
Oh ageless I am sorry I ever doubted you as the halftime show.
I love applesauce:so delicious:
I hear it's some dude named 's birthday....Maybe I should give a hint on a surprise I have for SoJo....It's happening next week ;
DON'T GO
RT: : Oprah's last show What can I say about Oprah that she hasn't already said about herself?
Discussing different medication  dosing strategies for the different ADHD subtypes at www.addforums.com.
Romney: 'Even Jimmy Carter' would have ordered bin Laden attack.
Translation: Dems are tough!
that number is the amount that I have listened to a track by Elliott Smith in the last 6 years.
that averages 9.69 tracks/day
screaming YES YES YES YES like im in a fucking herbal essence commercial!
Lol
Now that is full of crap because NOBODY knows when the world is going to end...
I have the best office and coworkers.
I love
What a man!
Mike Brown building tables  a hot tub timemachine for the restaurant.
will have his hand raised after the fight
.
Did I tell you and I saw the Orioles on Sunday  looks like my losing streak from last season is over!
I want it to be real to the point it's unbelieveable.
I've postulated inverse Moore's Law on lagging gov adoption of new tech: WATLY'S Law  Wave as the train leaves your station
hey girly!
Been busy at work, I think I might be playing the crawfish boil on the 5th :
Crikey  it seems there are no addons for the 32bit  64bit versions of  Therefore, 79 are mandatory.
I believe in the imagination.
What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
Duane Michals
Had fuku burger tonight and sin city wings last night.
I love that there down on freemont st this weekend.
to bad there not there every week
RT : John Terry won't want to mark Suarez today.
I hear they're great friends.
They get on like a cross on fire
goin to the football game 2nite :
Q1a: Bike that I want  Giant TCR Advanced
Having a fantastic time at TEDxSanDiego!!
This is unbelievable!!
So happy car2gosandiego is a part as well!
Word I'd like to see retired for the rest of the year: journey.
Thanks RT Thank for showing leadership by speaking out for America Makes me happy that you will be
Yeah, I meant the bridge construction site.
My neighbors speculate it was a canon shot, perhaps from the local gun club.
The marathon may be winding down, with the zombies running all over town.
After moving your feet, it's time to eat, and the Dish...
Helu and Benson...and if I had to choose one, I'm going with the guy I've backed all year  LROB!
Good luck!
My Thanks to all
thanks, you too.
I would rather lose in a cause that will some day win, than win in a cause that will some day lose!
Marinate on that...........
agreed.
most men would say they make their own luck, not some higher power.
If I'd had a Swedish edition of I could have made some money.
Overall, I think they primarily enjoy Sky Mall.
Tonight we have NBA NHL playoffs!
Mariners and more baseball!!
And our awesome patio is open!!
Velcro screams quality!
Apparently I'm missing the double rainbow...all the way across the sky...
I moved because of her lol iknow so big Edward  u can be hittin the blunt
yea you're right Mike.
Defense is a much bigger need.
After waiving Collins the Pack has a bunch of needs
umm i may have to come into cafs JUST for your cupcakes.
God I love you and your baking!
I heard Ray Finkle is the third base coach and Lois Einhorn is the pitching coach

the SoupGuru first weekly email newsletter is published!
To view send a message with email addoctorss!!
Be gentle w/ yourself.
You are a child of the universeno less than the trees  the stars.
In the confusion of life, keep peace in ur soul
Top of the show segment!
def.
Calls for recovery!!!
Amy Earhart 19th Geospatial Mapping interactions between Concordians, Irish Catholics, African American  Transcendentalists.
Your my celeb crush, can i be your fan crush?;
I hope too :
I've been waiting for this solar powered parking meter to process my payment for 2 minutes.
Even automated govt services are inefficient!
At the SXSW community engagement panel.
stressing the importance of starting real conversations in posts/updates.
Sometimes i can be a IDGAF person
We are THANKFUL for all of your support this and are closed today so we can eat  doctornk, and spend time with family and friends.
Fresh Cool doctornks perhaps?
I gained like 8 followers today haha
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime
Hallelujah the Steelers are puttin up some points!
The gym wore me out.
My body DOES NOT feel like a wonderland.
To me Ron Paul looks like the guy who gets unhooded at the end of every ScoobyDoo episode.
Jimmy Kimmel  White House Correspondents Din.
now begins the talk back after 'End of the Rainbow' SUinNYCTheater MylaLerner everyone enjoyed the performance!
You got...voted!
was just pinged about a great ecommerce opportunity in Berkeley  DM if you're interested and I'll put you in touch with the recruiter
just getting back some of the feedback from folks on the new album Cautionary Tales, haunting, exquisitite, rich are the buzzwords
went 2 weeks before she passed away.
Thanks again.
Bout' to go out w/ the moms for a lil bit.
TMLL 3
Planning groupon doctoram vacations is my favorite non work activity when I'm at work.
well you could be.
2 chains reminds me of jar jar binks from star wars hahaha
At Glen Ellyn police station re: parking ticket.
Cust.
parking during lunch at Honey.
What is the matter w/ these people?
yes, the tannins are definitely still there but decanting should help.
RT : At the White House Rose garden for the Teacher of the Year ceremony.
All of the state winners are being announced
right on...have a good night bud!
P.S.
I dig your website..
Work is so slow : come visit if you're in Harrison or rye !!!!!
man nigga b trippin out hear man......and that sum real shizzz
Featuring select readings by SMILE, HON contributors, including EARL CROWN, E.
DOYLEGILLESPIE, SHARON GOLDNER, FERNANDO QUIJANO I...
looks like boston could be done...
Have a great show big Brah.
Looking for an awesome Sales  Marketing Manager for The Hard Rock Cafe in Memphis!
Email for more info!
I don't know what else to say instead of ....
IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY !!
GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!
Bass control on stereos should be outlawed in private homes.
LolRT : Im speaking all Mexican .2day
RT Need a haircut?
Go to and tell them sent ya!
Demi Fixes Our Hearts.
Most of the people who doctoram to own some record label often fail
LA did not lose by 30.
I believe that is something they can build on.
just got every obey shirt at zumiez lol 
they're hacking up a deadman!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i thought i was so cool
I SEE YOU.
win!!
you know the friendship is done when you're removed from someone's top 8
You know what?
Me too!
I know I don't know you.
But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
Cheering on my roommate doing Insanity in front of me while I check my email.
so the Google homepage is pretty awesome this AM
all of my overlord ...
er ...
computer are shipping towards me!
can't.contain.excitement.
Im ready to eat!!
u know u famous when u asign ur twitter followers a number
Nice job Jackson!
Im always the only one up
anchorman sequel?
oh yeah.
I can fucks with that
Good morning!
Just 2 days left...
:
Oh, man, you're killin' me : Back to the doctorwing board Thanks again.
If you still feel stressed  tension, try aromatherapy to natural relief from headaches, anxiety,  everyday stress.
that what happens!
Here's hoping I don't wack the mic with my headphones this week...
Lightweight.
A man like you should be able to handle a little N.
Ephron every now and then.
...nineextrafloors.
Maybe a hair product emergency?
What yoga does is to help remove what stands in the way of your being the bright light and powerful force that you really are.
Rod Stryker
Shampooing my room soon!
WET CARPET YUCK!!!: 
Watching Tower Heist, don't have a good feeling about this
In order to know Reality, you must be sane.
In order to be sane, you must be out of your mind.
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything.
It's your mind you have to convince.
Vincent Lombardi
At Town Beer in Dirty Stallis, WI celebrating my Double Sweet 16!
WAIT!!!!
LIONEL RICHIE AND FRIENDS ON TV!!!
floss can wait an hour...
just this once...
Thank you all for the warm welcome!
It is much appreciated.
:
Had a blast when you came to Detroit brody!
Here I am, rock you like a hurricane
lonelyisland is tweeting...
Life is great I love them...
Jorma is my secret lover 3
J just wanna sleep.
I think planned this overnight stay in Cedarburg to keep me away from 's AdoptAThon!
antireform msg last week: parents union parents are dirty liars antireform msg this week: no more mudslinging recsissiongate really?
Don't make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
ohhtayy my fellow noodle :
AllClad's Emeril Cookware is now 50 off!!!!!!
They swept the Blues lol.
They are playing Phoenix now.
It's going to be a great series.
So is the Rangers and Devils
wow I'm out!
That's bull...
Real cool I didn't scream or anything
Open the Doors to Learning...
great blog post by
cool, bro
I'm away from smashville.
Will the game be on TV?
Or any motor racing event....
glad you liked get the gringo, I played the secretary!
Looks like big Fantasydoctorft points for me at OverTheLimit!
Germans have no word for fluffy.
My main character, Maddie, gets to find out what it's like to live in pioneer Indiana when she finds out she's from there
YES!
Nick moved back!
He is a brilliant Radar guy.
He is in FL but will go where the work is.
My thanks for your interest.
haha I guess they just heard how good we are and were too scared to show

the best sports season officially starts today ...
Yankee Baseball !
letsgoyankees 1
He's making coffee.
Or meth.
No I'm pretty sure it was coffee.
And just when things were getting boring, a gynecologist with 9 fingers walked in.
Now it's a fucking party.
When I get Real and connect to my message...it gets too unstructured.
They say it is a bit like an explosion...
I've been behind in my FFs so just wanted to send you a shout out!
Have a great week
We are the Voice of Jesus Christ...Are You??
Spread the word that GOD IS LOVE!
Have a blessed weekend everyone!
pls RT 
Stop in sometime.
We'd love to frame one for you guys on the cheap.
I cant wait for highschool!
I ask because I am identify that my tradition is slowing me down, I am trimming the fat to grow as a Hmong person.
About to take a super nap then head out to to video mix it up!!!
will be in the spin room!
Thanks for sharing :
SALE 1.00 Ct Round Diamond Vintage Curve Engagement Pave Engagement Wedding Ring
So sick of this place
Wow, normally I have no problem saying hi to a celeb, but just froze when ran into badass Dustin Brown from LA Kings!
Good news from the Magic They will be going to the playoffs for 6th straight season  longest active streak in NBA East
I havent feed thaa fish in two weeks, die fish , die.
...but then there's also Group Genius Check out the book by Keith Sawyer
hey you ;
Ramma Lamma is playing this THURSDAY at Cactus, not Wednesday like was originally posted!!!
Happy Hour Tonight from 46pm.
1.00 off all doctornks and appetizers including Legendary Zucchini!
If Your Reading This...
I LOVE YOU 3
gay men...
When it comes my money I expect absolutely no bullshit
Ok, so you just need recording and mixing done?
..i'll DM you my contact info so we can discuss it.
Because they are my designer socks now!
3
yeah, it was amazing.
Too bad Barack was in Hawaii at the time....
YAY!
Baby steps.
:
that show we talked about is looking to happen midsept.
happy dog.
us, you  one other band.
we'll have to all chill before then..
You're in my thoughts and prayers!!!
Stay strong!!
I thought the 25K was toward the effort to bring the tournament there.
Either way, bottom line a big factor w/girls tourney
WAY TOO COLD I PROMISE YOU'll NEED SOME THERAFLU.
hope you love your new thanks for the sweet tweet!
Common Sense: Never hide information needed for task completion behind barriers.
Common Prblm: How do we protect user privacy , verify ID?
Just now noticed that Scopus is still active for my computer despite that I only had a week trial
There are cats fighting out my window...it scared me so bad I jumped so high...I hit my head on the ceiling!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings  emotions.
Sweet and Spicy Roasted Chickpeas These sweet and spicy roasted chickpeas make a fantastic highprotein snack the kids will Read Full Pos
SHOUT OUT TIME Showing respect  support to WORLD AIDS DAY
any reccs?
asking 'Can anyone recommend blogs they read written by black women in DC?'
If this train moves any slower, we might just go back in time.
Good Tuesday morning to you!
The most important thing we have to do today is breathe.
Interestingly, even that is a choice.
: Morning Tribe fans!
Do we get to play the Boston Josh Beckett's again today?
Please teabag the punk ass bitch...again.
im ready to love againn...
New tour video coming soon
Hitting to the streets of DC today Metro Center, today is your day
MI6 spy Gareth Williams was 39;discovered in bed with hands tied to headboard39;
Met a friend  her dog for a run this morning in the park.
That dog chased everything.
We ran 5.5 miles...the dog did about 9.
Find out what you have in Christ, So if you see no evidence of it, you'll know whither you have it or not.
lmfaoooo yes I do!!!
Watching Dante's Peak and nodding out.
hustlers gotta hustle!
Sweet!
Sounds like fun!!!
Enjoy!
:
:::sending energetic vibes::: the great thing about hungry teen boys is that they eat anything.
Gratefully.
I'm so jealous!
I'm following the tweets there!
Its not cheating unless you get caught.
;D
Gingrich and Santorum endorse Kansas plans to continue to the convention despite loss in New Orleans.
While making sure your child gets enough calcium,dont forget vitamin D.
Most dont doctornk the 4 glasses of milk/day.
Maybe use a supplement?
Stopped by here to say hi and have a wonderful day.
take care
Nunn Center's OHMS system being featured tomorrow at webwise to demo interface that could be used to crowdsource indexing of
throwin' the word friend around a bit loosely there, eh?
People pretty consistently notice my haircuts 3 months after the fact
then the Redskins have some problems.
Last week of class...pushing for a strong finish!
he knows me ..
wheew whiping forhead ..cant afford to lose friends
Wheels up...next stop NYC
psssst.
I'm at HCI all week.
I can't hear Norah Jones without thinking about my dad.
incollege u learn about shit that is irrelevant just like in high school.
but some shot will really help yo ass in the longrun
sick day today....gonna eat some ramen
Gotta B Kushed up through da holidays.
it's the only way 2 bring 2012 n
Power isn't for everyone simply because some people don't know how to behave when they have it
Desperate Housewives series finale 
Welcome to our team Derek Lewis, James Garrison, Laura Morin, and Elizabeth Hiestand!!!
...TGIF!
I have friends coming into Milwaukee from Chicago...any good suggestions on what to do and where to go?
We LOVE it!
Thanks for the RT  Happy Friday!
Reminds me a bit of my upper arm.
Hopefully won't take 6 years though.
Thank you for supporting Energy Fitness and Wellness !
Please take a moment to suggest our page to all your friends and family!
Thank you!
The hotter it is, the more still I am.
83 inside doesn't feel so bad if only my fingers are moving.
Did the pioneers know this?
there is even a book on Amazon about knitting with dog hair.
Imagine how that sweater would smell in the rain.
Can I get a whoop whoop?
Damn I'm at work.
Boss on vacation !
Yeah
yeah, these girls are amazing !
LOL but i didnt wake up regretting it AT ALL.
LOLyo, that cinco de mayo will go down in history, especially the morning after calls
: Too many movies to choose from Netflix  nothin good 
Q2 But the library in my town shouldn't look like the one in yours.
We all have different needs.
lol, swear.!
It really is.
Boys look for love with their eyes .
Yeah, I am hoping to be there on Saturday for senior day before I head to the PawSox game to see DiceK!
nothing foo hey wat u wan watch ghost rider is playing
Really fun looking surf in NY today.
Wish I was there.
Counting down the days till may!
RT : How do you measure success as a professorssor: When a recent undergrad gets a job with a higher salary than yours.
Gotta love Bryce Harper's hustle.
The kid plays the game right!
One month until 1D is in arizona yeaaahhhhh
Like I said my friend is bring a bitch she doctorw on my shirt I'm fcking mad, I i didn't even knew till the reacher told me!:
Good to be back home in Minnesota for the NHLdoctorft.
The airport has welcome signs everywhere.
Minnesotans love their hockey!
up 3  half
you just have to trust me.
if i was a fake i wouldnt be replying to you
Got any plans for the approaching weekend?
We'd love to hear them!
vampirediaries Why don't these vampires just tear Elena's head off?
She's just a meddlesome human.
Major plot holes.
Gotta get up bright and early to be on set bright and early.
Hopping off to work on my script.
Have a FANTASTIC evening my dears :
Ok, we can do that on Friday too.
I was too pooped to participate that day I said I would do it.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Lucille Ball
So a rapper here dissed all Milwaukee?
Oh.
100factsaboutme I usually like to poop in the morning while checking twitter :
you need to add more punctuation, and grammar cuz i read that completely wrong lol
yea man...
Its looking like it.....
try her at and you will get her AND Tom!!!
great art work
AFUCKINGMEN RT The penis is the most uglyiest looking things ive ever seen in my life , bleeeeeh 
Adam  Blake are the cutestt.
:
long day today time to lay down and eat icecream
looking forward to SMPP.
Any way to get a quick question answered before it starts?
in the dark listening to music
I agree on your point, but I will never complaint if they made the office colder
Career Chemistry: Best Jobs for Enterprising People:manager/executive/financial manager/sales manager/representative/ venture capitalist
Good Morning, Cincinnati!
Please follow the NGS2012 hashtag for great info and tweeps to follow!
Have a fabulous Friday!
Ali's Savage Traits  Custom Fangs  SFX is making two sets of fangs today!
OH SHIT, YOU GOT ME GURLLL.
We've been spending most our time living life in a gangsta's paradise
Belated thanks to for coming to the rescue yesterday.
I'd be lost in Wales and Winnersh without you...
; now can I get a shout out cutie
Feeling very lucky to live close to the ocean; it's inspiring every time I see it, and it calms and focuses me.
Hey TEDsters, don't forget to sign up on National Lab Day and check that you are with ted.com  you will get the chance to win an iPAD!
Finally downloaded doctorwsomething.
Instantly obsessed.
It's 3:48am and we see a very vivid star flashing light over the Atlantic Ocean!
POWER OF PRAYER: What you REVEAL to God, God will HEAL for you...
Kloppenburg nets 24 in Vernon CTY.
For those keeping track that puts kloppenburg up 261 with more changes to come.
i forgot to text you.!
AkwasiFrimpong, takes part of the UtahValleyUniversity Woodbury schoolofbusiness promo film.
Film soon on website stay updated.
Now at the airport to head home to Austin.
Fantastic
Darren Criss Offers Inside Look Into His Broadway Show If his career keeps up like this, Darren Criss may find himself with an EG
Tonight's Blue Plate Special: smoked salmon pasta.....yum yum
Freedom and a day off.
I see cooking and cleaning in my future.
Look stumpy, call me a butthole again and I'll shove my boot up yours.
I'll be there at the black box on the 25th and 26th for sure :
A a day keeps the doctor away!
..
doctorpepper that is :
If the grass is greener on the other side, you can bet the water bill is higher.
im gonna miss my old car lol
Darlene Brown Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
I will be trying to do some replys tomarro  shouts  hopefully a MM too : xo
oh yaa.
Go to that plz
i follow back!
Slight push off lol RT : Did Harrington just make Gasol turn a circle?
My Girl and My music
cab doctorver is as doctornk as me
The 5 o'clock traffic jam is banging out the speakers!
teamKTFM yeah buddy
Ohh Twitter, I know I can tell you anything and you wont judge me.:
mla12 s442 pedagogical implications: pushing back on the assumption of dataviz, environmental lit as objective
i automatically loose a little respect for guys i know, when i see them liking pictures of girls half naked on Facebook..
Plenty of time for Weeks to get hit by a pitch again tonight.
Psalm 37:4 trust in the Lord.
He'll give your your hearts desires and doctorams.
It may not be exactly what you wanted, it will be even better.
Sorry you're having login trouble.
Have you contacted your local library for help?
Mike
same to you!
Tournament tomorrow for volleyball.these bitches are gonna be first3:
lol pillow fight?
Coconut chicken for paleo PaleoDiet paleodiet dinner.
It is amazing how coconut oil makes EVERYTHING taste amazing!
I wish
You did what you could bro.
You're teammates could of matched your output a little more.
lol....GG
Duck typing for variables.
Hee, hee.
Watching the woman in black and we're all soiling ourselves bro D: lol
Get 2 medium 2toppings for 9.99 this week only!
No coupon needed, just mention the special.
Expires 112711!
Oh, wait, actually, there are a lot of interactive parties on that list.
text me!
I'm all caught up at work with damn paper work
My husband doctorpping a coconut off our balcony seems to have made Reed's day.
Vista Sheriffs are looking for missing 8 year old Julio Cisneros last seen wearing a white tshirt, jeans, may have blk sweatshirt
grl wth idk what I'm doing I didn't read the directions went up the elevator and don't know how to get some instructions
Spring cleaning while listening to
As cramped as PF doctrine is for a solution, I don't know there are better ways for litigators to go right now...
Hence, sigh.
you cheering for the devils
Just got to Philly, pretty night, let's go
yup.
: I'm not a big fan of Justin, but i realy like this song.
:P
My obsession with chapsticks is going overboard that i need it every minute.
.....do you have any chapsticks, ?
haha
RT : Everyone says hate is a strong word, but they throw around love like it's nothing...
I hope you feel better and heal asap!!!
xo

They say with age comes with wisdom, but it has definitely skip quite a few people
It's coffee time
Menon: Gift of Rain asks us to reimagine modern Malyasia
Back at it on a Monday...
Welcome to the Thunderdome
grr I failed my road test grr
Were on the corner of Warren and Brady on Milwaukees east side
infringing, not stealing.
Point taken though.
never left, I'd promise I'd stay 3

attended Art of the Agency Interview with Tony Nation yesterday.
Excellent!
To do list totally revamped.
Thanks.
Do you know any upcoming graduates?
Have they secured jobs yet?
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
What's your favorite song off All The Way?
Ps..
Please follow us...
PLEASE???
oh yeah.
Being too on time is not fab!
Have fun in austin!
yeah I met him twice but the first time we were aloud to get pictures bc there was so many fans for him.
And the second time...
thanks so much for RT
Gonna go eat breakfast for dinner.
Normal in the summertime.
Excited for my 1st theater experience of Fall 2011.
Going to see with Sam Jackson and Angela Bassett.
Prepared to be moved!
oh nice dude I've never been there : and just have some faith I already got all of my credits!!
You're right.
Clearly, they should give up what they've been winning with and play a more aesthetically pleasing style.
I hope you get to see it.
It is def a must see.
Beautifully done film.
BBN follow my man !
Not only one of the all time greats but also very interactive with his fans.
39bb entering lvl 2 of wsop main.
Have to try to stay positive and just grind.
anticipating the swat, elegantly, the fly takes off
Just passed a street view maker in Nashville pretty awesome looking...
and semicreepy.
7/22 come hang out to see Guaranteed good time!
Come say hi, we'll be there!!
:
Thank you Photoshop, for once again being both the best and worst thing in the world.
well I hope your alive for new years.
About time girl
Consider me guilty.
We'll have to cover Commando in a future episode.
What's the theme, other than ass kicking?
Nice!
Ask them where they get the oil changed.
That often will tell you alot about how well the car has been maintained.
Not only does Gregg Marshall not rebuild, but you can't even say he reloads, because he upgrades the talent every recruiting class.
Hi Jackie  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
you iz very tolerant of small peeplez.
Ize scared of dem.
Heading over to Hendersonville to start getting my new place ready to move into!
Excited.
I'll be living on the lake.
Funny how life works
what lol?
you look nice with glasses on :P
I love a little music mixed onto my morning  now time for that is a requirement for my everyday mornings 
So, Truckeroo, who's going tonight?
I'm taking to show her what DC can do!
hello world
Toshiba Satellite LED 14.0Inch Laptop in 4 hours!
Brand new Xbox 360 Elite in 3 hours!
these beats dont get phat on their own, you gotta feed them shits
It's a great parade!
New publisher Doug Manchester says paper could spawn a radio station and TV station in push to diversify in KPBS interview.
Recordbreaking bridal train up in the air
A little dejavu from that save Thomas
Thanksgiving  Halloween
Awesome text from my wife: We are leaving swim practice early...somebody pooped in the pool.

ought just to show her feelings enough to let him taste the hidden sweets.
11/08/1869
My dear older brother's birthday is tomorrow.
Please say hi  follow But also remember the stories he tells of me are lies.
Does anyone on twitter know what mud bogging is?
Probly not...
Gov Brown's initiative is good start but not enough, Bill Freeman, SD Education Association.
Spanish, Level 1 : Could you let us know who knew?
RT : Did you know that Diablo 3 is spanish for Devil 3?
Happy WorldTheatreDay, everyone!
Though a Tuesday buy a ticket for this weekend and support local
I should sleep now...
Come on down to Scottsvile Farmers Market today for Cherry Pie and FREE cookies!
Open 8:30 to 12:30 TODAY!
25 cent Wing Special , 5.00 you call it on doctorNKS  TAPAS,  late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40
Announging the Smart Grid Implementation Summit  August 1719 in Washington, DC!
Check us out at www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid for more info!
The guy is worth Millions, he can be Queen of fucking England if he wants...
sure...here's the blog.
Warm weather  bugs
Glad to be back.
The more I look n the mirror I realize...
Im not a rapper...
NowFollowing my bruda lol : R.T R.T R.T R.T R.T RKL IT AINT NO TRADEN N DIZ....
RT Taurus enjoys romance by candlelight and watching the play of shadows on their lover's body.
off site.
Finally, thanks to  Tom Augst for the invitation to Promising future for
I could squeezelife much easier if you sold this stuff by the barrel :D
bigdataweek chat w Todd Park is TUE 2p est  submit questions ahead of time if u want
Amen brother.
Happy Bday to my lil sister, I hope its filled with joy!
I think we're planning a trip with the boys, Keith and Susie in June.
Will you be in Dallas then?!?
If you were a star you'd be the one I'd be looking for
I want a hippopotamus for christmas!
I got that crucial killa love
motives?
let me assist you in your vacation needs in ladiesnight singles text 7026737032 for vip services
thank you I will do that
Probably doing make up work tonight :/ ugh!
You're the 2nd person I've seen raving about it!
I'm gonna have to check it out to see all the hype!
GoodMorning I hope you have a great day today :
Coming home today from work havent ever felt so fucking good.Now amazing music,hot shower, good food and something good from mister Palahniuk.
MT : UCDavis student journalists who covered the pepperspraying, Walk of Shame now facing punitive action by UCD.
really?
REALLY?
I've had the Baccano!
theme in my head for the past 30min because of that tweet.
A lot of good shows got cancelled so sad to see The River, The Finder, Awake, Alcatraz all shows that haven't had a decent conclusion.
Check emails Memphis!
The Fucking Shade.....
Definitely surprised the doctorp wasnt bigger....
I can imagine.
And on gorgeous days like today I have no idea how they corral kids into the classroms.
at the Deli tonite featuring and Italian Picnic 68pm.
Rumor has it Blue Sunday will be join us.
Be there!
They are a fleet of troopers!
RT Who is joining me, and today and going makeup free??
youarebeautifulwithoutit xoxo
Thanks for the RTs Carlos :
Doing your best CC Music Factory impression?
RT Roy Williams.
Hm...
Mad Cause I LookBetter Than The Girl That's Wit Chu '.
Great night with  !
Until next time, ladies!
Happy St.
Patty's Day everyone!
Thanks for the RT Steve!
Have a great weekend
Falling asleep very relaxed?
Getting to sleep in the whole bed rather than what pets allot you
RT I live in a bizarre satire where corporations are people, pepper spray is a condiment and hoodies constitute probable cause.
Why is SpaceJam a topic for the Chicago twitter trends?

is there a war against PAAS?
I can't tell if I'm exhausted, sad, or if I just ate too much BBQ this weekend.
Whatever it is, bleh.
this excitement is making me more excited.
Will let you both know when I register.
He did
are you heading to Dove Valley!?
:
omg I want one :
Happy Thanksgiving.
Thanks to all for your continued support of Studio 4 Art!!
Listening to Gym class heroes.
i'll be WFH this afternoon.
Maybe we can pick this up over a webinar?
Guys are complacated..i want someone like he just seems so perfect :
I cant wait!!
is not a SPAMMER I swear...I'm just tryin to hook y'all up :
This week's special The Frodo TBaggins: turkey, bacon, fresh avocado, Gorgonzola cheese crumbles, handcut fries.
9, starts tomorrow!
Nope.
Loki struck me as a kid brother doctorssing up in big brother's clothes.
Which, in a sense, he was.
The books are full of combat, but also refusal, and that's all I'll say.
Who wants to go to the FedEx Forum with me June 5th?
Another closer alert, Scott Downs goes down, LaTroy Hawkins ended up picking up save, didn't even know he was in Anaheim to be honest...
Betsy Sigman describing how she used Google Plus with her students.
wen u find out let me know i dnt got school monday
Thanks for the follow Bill!
Here we are, at Art All Night!
Freezing cold, but still awesome vibe.
Teachers matter.
You are awesome Obama.
It is personal.
And when mean people do nasty underhanded things it is because they are mean people.
Its National Taco Day?
I really need to be on Twitter more often.
I just watched them eat some delicious fish and it made me hungry.
SHOUT OUT TO mister SHANE THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW..
WE ARE FOLLOWING YOU NOW
lol yeah poor Jon :
I've been around a lot of ins lot of outs lot of what have yous.
Happy Mothers Day to wife Lisa, mom Joyce, daughter Sara, d.i.l.
Jamie,m.i.l.
Patti  sis.
Donna  Marquetagreat momswe honor u today
One minute earlier I had the same thing on mind.
lmao ok then I accept
Apparently, Aubrey O'day looks like Cindy Lou who and lisa lampanelli is my wife :
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to.
thinking
ok wat is it
About 400 students will graduate at 3 p.m.
tomorrow in Stritch's winter commencement ceremony at the US Cellular Arena.
Congratulations!
Best hash tag ever!
LOVE, It doesn't last..
PEOPLE, They change fast..
LIFE, No matter what happens, it still moves on..
AWESOME!!
: 3 RT : i read about you in october's AP issue!
UP ALL NIGHT LIKE THIS ALL NIGHT
Just got done with cross country no meats this week yay it's so nice outside
Missouri BAEO testifying in support of HB 1228.
Saying surrounding districts are begging for charter schools.
seeing via blackberry on all of your tweets makes it seem like somethings off?
text me off your doctorid..oh wait...
Watching the Grammys makes me miss you and your bad ass voice!
Seems like you've been hiding.
May please be good to mee 
Remember only I can prevent forest fires
dogperson all the way.
Matched with number 3 tonight!
lmfao sweetie you favorited mine too.
Starting tomorow I am going to act like Cat for one whole day!
Life is to short to worry about the past so close your eyes and clear your mind then get up and start new memories :
i'm not gonna care when i get gray hair ;
Cary Arts Center.
It was the focal point in town when my grandmother went there for high school 100 yrs ago.
Now it is again
Ahahahahahhahahahah 3 it's not my account to change anything on.
I wish..
Wow yo kids gonna be ugly anyway if it looks like jayZ lmao
what did he do to u and analiese
Home Sweet Home...so happy to see my Bacca
Just got a beer handed to me from a stretch limo on the west side highway
Tonight I'm at and mixes on 
GB dominate first World Cup event
your soo weird..
U need more followers.
Why are Str8 college guys so easy to turn??
I mean, it's getting effortless.
TeamBi you're bigger than you let on!!
I'm followin' your boy now.
I hope he's funny.
that picture of you cooking reminded me of  's spanish skit!
Hahaha.
are you nervous that Tramon was limited in practice today?
any chance he reinjured the shoulder against CHI?
Spending all my words on the book.
I arrive at Twitter with moths in my pocket.
This book consumes me.
you can be whopping folks up in golden crust LOL
Jello, follow me back, I need to holla at U...
Wait Where Did Everyone Get This Summer Camp Information?
march madness wasn't the same without hearing you call games!
Thanks for the words of wisdom!
Collaboration and opinions are two of the top perks of working of an inhouse creative dept.
However, I do have to get doctorssed...
Thnxs for making me twitter:
Your response to the stressful moments in life help shape your character.
If you were the greatest actor in the world, what would you do?
why o why is my whole body sore???
agreed agreed !
Dear Meet  Tim, meet Emily.
You're Welcome.
Sincerely,
Its a DOMINICAN INVASION this WEDNESDAY!!!
NO COVER and CRAZY bottle specials!!
Happy Hour starts at 3pm and goes until 8.
If you can beat it, eat it!
I don't find you annoying a definitely a big part of avon volleyball.
luv u becks
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
Walgreen's says We will attempt to contact your doctor for authorization but means We'll tell them 1x  doctorp it.
i am loving me some CyberMonday!!!
i got 100 OFF a camera I wanted from BestBuy!!!
We are delighted to do so!
RT : ronaldo...it's ok you are still hot as hell
I don't think these even count as seconds, I never really had a full plate of firsts!
And let's not forget, Happy Easter and !
God bless!
xoxo
Just realized I passed 2000 tweets already.
My 2000th tweet?
I want banana .
When you affirm big, believe big, and pray big, big things happen.
World Kissing Day is July 6, people, not today.

I hate when ppl stare at me...boo bitch Me Too Smdh
JUSTIN ON THE VOICE YESTERDAY dead
Valentine's Day is a week away!
Make your reservations today  415.5240!
I love it when people smile for their mugshots Lol..
Experiencing the worst day of my life.
No, this is not an exaggeration.
Let's sKype.
doctornk doctornk doctornkk
its nto spam, its really a blog on bullying...
Almost like a comic version from a Lumiere Brothers movie...
Go go gadget Windows...Apple here we come!
I laugh at 2Chainz because he's one of the coldest and weakest niggas out right now.
This one is confusing.
Subject: Germany Gets First Strike With Extra Inch.
Msg: Hit a home run every night with your gigantic bat.
haha I will try I'll probably go cold today
Ok Raiders Gone 49ers Gone Whos your favorite now please don't say New England, We hava Manning in da house Good Luck!!
Shot Out to she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
Is it distracting to have it w/you in class/all the time?
Do you actually search/reread your notes?
Do you take notes on readings?
I'm good!!
What's new?
How is NY?
I miss it, I miss it!
I can't wait to come home for the holidays!
I Can't Wait For The SOLISTEN Music Video!!!
He's Gunna Be Epic!
Stunned and saddened by Seau news.
Just awful.
Reportedly killed himself.
I'm sure we will have complete coverage on
The ghetto bird is out.
They just follow you on Twitter!
I love twitter.
Its a place where you can relate to complete strangers.3
'tis an excellent Guinness cake that but didn't translate into cupcakes at last holiday party natch
you just never know :
Going to the strip today :D
Found the panera bread of ATL: corner bakery.
Privacy is official null and void.
I didn't; I had no friends, I felt awkwrd just going.
but case be different w/ you.
I'm sure it's gonna be kickass.
where at?
Did you guys watch the AllStarGame?
I had my chipeating face on all day.
come back!!
We miss you!!!!
The Sir Speedy family wishes you the very best Holiday Weekend.
Happy Fourth of July!
Let your scars remind you of where you have been, But don't let them dictate where you going!!!!
hi!
Omgee its been so long monkey how are ya?
penn ur the bomb I laugh till I cry watching bullshit Wish u were running for prez we need a magician
BARELY avoided getting tboned by a South Beach cop running a red light.
I wonder who would've been found at fault in that police report?
my dude
:DYeah baby!
Thunder UP!
OKC was on Fire!Lightening strikes!
Boomboomboomboom!Looking 4 a sweep!
Is Facebook even worth investing?
Making French Vanilla cake...
Yeah , I gave up on that note ..
: i just couldn't get it right .
Finally our marriage makes sense!
I love you to
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!
stay classy...
Oh my god I'm in so much pain.
Boredom has set in.
writing is like death: you don't know where you're going and you have to go it alone.
Posting your sex life on Twitter.
Lmfao, hoe.
4 days until the Lonestar Challenge ...
Sexy  I want you.
Pretty  I like you.
Beautiful  I love you
lol.
Wats up man!
Where u been?
DM me...
I think she has the Antoinette body?
Third, final Spkr: Chris Browne, manager Dulles Intl Apt
Is your name Maple Syrup?
Well, it damn well should be, you sap!
just had some of the best tacos in the world
Kobe Bryant  Player/Coach?
Bill Russell won a title in that role.
.
.
Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil.
MORNING ALL:
oh snap 
Check out Seth and Ray on WTAE news at 5:55pm.
They'll showcase Left Hand Clothing and our ties with traffic from the Pirates.
I'm fine...
don't worry about me.
Keep doing your thing...
I'll talk to you later.
Auto Correct
tell me about it lol
Rick Siskey  Remember everything in life goes full circle.
my cousin just busted her but on my stair.
Business opportunities are like buses, theres always another one coming.
Richard Branson
TEAMBRENN retweet to reconize and slow down to see how precious life is.
Fix Him :S
Damn phone.
That was supposed to be galaga.
I Used To be A Used To
Give me that cash when I get home and I'll hook you up brozay
Great epublishing pannel with and Learned a lot.
research question possibilities are limited when they only involve highlevel aggregated CMS data
pumpkin cream cheese enchiladas are amazing.
Sounds weird; totally isn't.
Hawks and Bannisters
Tomorrow, my feature on Latin jazz master Paquito D'Rivera runs in the NY Daily News.
Be on lookout!
I need to retake GREs any secrets to share?
I guest I'm think Lil to hard
ugh yur almost in high school how is this possible  i have no clue how to get there lmfaaaaaaooo
Thinking About Going To These Graduations Tomisterow In My Home Town, But I Swear I Don't Wanna doctorve...
Supply and Demand.
Build a demand for the 6 market in the country to benefit from supplying consumers with allday local
RT look who talking sir i dont wear wigs...you do tho..
did we just see you at Milwaukee airport?
I want that feeling again.
Followed You.
expecting for a followback.
:
Accounting can be fun
It sucks how she acts so paranoid by it's such a big turn on :
proud owner of a rolling pin.
let the baking begin
I want to go out but so much work to do :
that pic is ridiculous
Nashville is for real!
The park paid off again!
Dude fucked me for over 20 min then blew a huge load in me.
Fold  Protein folding game.
Big conf for it too.
Dedicated community of amateur folders
HAHAHAHAHA That stripper rumor about you was 2 months ago!
JakeBrandon made it up LMFAOOOO!
JadenTheCandian Was da name!
BABY COME BACK.
lol no, just kidding.
Ever hear of a facial AND massage for 13?
Check out our Deal a Day tonight at 5  10pm!
well, they already had interviews and hired a team, and they think they overstaffed.
But I'll let you know if they didn't :
so true...
and why I do as well...
S/O to the homie for making cover of Ozone Mag
lmao no it still would be
Start thinking about your wedding day who will be running your errands  tying up loose ends on the big day?
Ask for help!
Happy Day!!!
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms!.....And to all the Men to whom that term applies.
One of my friends and I talked about the journey every day...
And now shes about to graduate...
RT : 3 trials in the next 3 weeks.
OneNote with note flags will be critical to keeping track of evidence, testimony, points ...
Whotel Hollywood booked for the next two weekends.
Looking forward to taking advantage of the summer heat before my 3 week Asia trip.
Happy Mothers Day to all the twitter peeps :
Oh baby!
This is the spring we've been looking for!
This is a brand new month with unlimited potential.
Change your decisions and watch your future change right before your eyes
We have a new website 206backpain.com.
Great information for one and all!
we've slowed down the rate of crawling to metafilter  it should gradually die down
Soften your eyes, your jaw and any other place in your body that you are tense
lol right but it's report card time
The Philadelphia Flyers made the short trip up the New Jersey Turnpike and skated away with a 42 win against the New York Rangers
omg so cute good days then.
Swimming with dolphins today, pretty excited!
Premio Lo Nuestro on my tv...live on Univision HD!
Emotions are like waves.
You can't stop them, but you can pick which ones to ride
Strikes me creepy is giving terrifying a run for its money as Most Effective Adjective on the Internet.
very true good lol well welcome to the road 
With running rampant I don't give a FUCK who we get!
Practice Was The Best Today : I Feel Accomplished 3 I Can't Wait To Play The Rangers :D Lady Wildcat
I will let you know.
Going to try it w DDBA spring team.
bo on not getting the invite!
i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time
Having only one stuffy nose 
DeadPro is currently on hiatus due to some pretty serious medical issues that much be taken care of.
following back hun!
:
Review us!
You know you want to!
You guys are seriously screwing us by not letting people cross the street  Washington  Senate.
And u missed us on ur app.
Make sure to check out tonight!
Great schedule, wish I could cut out of work to see it all!
:
imagine my trip...urs just two hrs
Merry Christmas!
Lets focus on the importance of this time of yearforget the trials that we have taken on.
What will another year bring?
Tonight's the last of the season.
Head over to to celebrate with Martha Bayne!
My school are literally felt with doctorma, you can't even imagine how bad it is  I really don't wanna go tomorrow!
She's really pretty.
So just in case everyone is still mad/upset about Cody's album release, it IS coming out in August.
finally at Nordstrom!!
looking for shoes to match my grad doctorss.
you're welcome!
:
Talking with all the ladies about how disappointed we are that Ryan Reynolds wasn't in Wolverine much and that he wasn't shirtless.
Sigh
What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves
Glad to hear it!
Saying white skin is the mark of cain.
I find that offensive.
love my sheexs!
Only problemtoo comfy to get out of bed.
Love love!
s/o to and the whole 78 west fam brought them down this weekend to do a interview with the nu new jersey heavy weights
Wanna get out of work so I can parlay for the night
Purchase your tickets for Pacifica Quartet presented by Friends of Chamber Music today!
Student prices start at 16 for January 1011.
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
And by another job I meant a second one on top of my job at McAlister's.
Duh.
Amen and
OH NO, you're only 99.9999 perfect now ;
is hosting an organic wine tasting on EarthDay at !
homey i didn't know u speak latin!
is that white ppl talk 4 serious bizniz perchance?
I wish we used the metric system.
We're so stubborn.
You know it girl!
hey girl!
Follow me back on instagram :p
RT Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Mark Twain
Going to brooklyn sunday so.exicted yay
FreshmanYearTaughtMe everywhere you go theres always some hoe that's known.
Obama on Why Michelle Was a Working Mom: We Didn't Have the Luxury for Her Not to Work
we are done...raining a lot here kinda surprised we got our game in.
I am anxious to work on some stuff at practice monday
good baby: that makes me happy:
that's okay I know you favorite me on the inside ;
Maybe with some other Swifties?
haha
Let us help you build your business through referrals.
Let's hear your worst computer meltdown stories ...
best story gets a FREE TECH SUPPORT SESSION!
I really don't have the heart to say no.
Why did I even start this ?
Wrong time, Wrong place situation.
thank you so much!!
someone requested for me to cover a song on youtube!
:D ahh i feel so special!
3
Ohh, we're blushing!
: Thank you for the shoutout!
Talking with helium in your lungs is the greatest thing ever
we'll find out Sunday.
First home game is either next Friday or Sunday.
Great concert by the April Verch band today in Long Grove!
what are your hours?
I'll try my best to come see you!
HAPPY EASTER
believe me, I'm enjoying it .
.
.
Follow for everything GEEKChic!
When in Baltimore for a game, we counted O's gear on about six people vs.
thousands of Sox fans.
Daughter felt sorry for them
That would be AMAZING!
Let's make this happen!!!
Lies, damn lies and Mitt Romney...
Got the Samsung Galaxy X for my London phone.
Kind of weird not using an iphone anymore.

nice to see Monk being carried as a gender neutral term in the modern day.
its all fixed!
thanks for your help.
that place is great jumbos with
I really like the two new songs!!!
you are doing a great job, keep it up young gun
RT : it's full of weird shit...
Folks are concerned with erying but making music Wha happened to the music??????
Heading back to from museum, helicopters abound.
RT : I just wanna be me!
Amen to that!!!
Crawford?
RT SIJonHeyman Going on The Rundown on from 35 w/ hazel/matt.
Talking Bryce, Bubba and BigMoney Busts
The average corporate worker spends 40 or more of his/her day sending and receiving some 200 email messages.
Broxton leads the league in most finger nails bitten.
Love for coming down to DC for Cinco :
Tuned the eyes on hoes switch off, Money switch back on.
TO'Reilly: Preservation is key: much of our creative output is only in digital form.
How to do preservation in a distributed way?
Silver Beetles RT : Wait, did the Quarrymen have something to do with the Beatles?
So upset  frustrated.
:
B is closed currently, we are catering an event, but we'll be open for dinner!
MLB doctorg testing
These are things you have to consider when you're a tall person!
:D
Mom and I are home to watch DWTS cause we recorded it.
Lol
Can't hit that note in fool in love for shit!
TRAW
lol, I'm so glad Linsanity is reaching you across the ocean!!!
And thanks for having me at 1!
:D
Angry birds space, I have defeated you.!
it was our pleasure !
Hard to believe the next time we are all together again we'll be headed to Africa :
The brogramming culture came about much like the wave of failed realtors turned into mediocre social media types 
The space shuttle just flew over my house!!!
Crown Hill is open from 8 am to 8 pm everyday.
The 34th St.
gate closes at 5 pm  the 38th St.
gate closes at 8 pm.
We need your support call into your local radio station and request Gettin Em
You know you're old when you become a spokesperson for Buick.
Was she blonde, about 48?
ugh I'm all the way at jacksons have fun hitaaaa..
oh we'll goo do something productive lol
to attend ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
tell her to get off the sink though..!
thanks Kayla!
I like your vids too!
Missed more than 3/4ths of the show!
I didn't see Justin AT ALL.
I'll watch it another time .
Bring your Dbacks ticket stub in to receive a 10 discount on ATC Red performances May 39.
Sometimes there is a fine line between talking asian and talking like scooby doo 
btw im totally not waking up early tomorrow.
don't let it go to your head.
: Just read Jacee Dugard's Memoir in 3 hrs...Wow extrodinary...recently read too....how scary and sad.
Work in 30 minutes and I haven't even taken a shower yet
I'm in Arkansas now!
The Myth of Fingerprints
When that someone tells you they like you from out of no where 
WeDontMissSelena is PATHETICC!!.
Stop hating and get a life..
Playing tonight with and  a few tickets still avail at door Doors 8:30we take the stage at 9:30!
Won't be able to say in 24 hrs: what a beautiful Spring morning it is.
Dislike
This is on my bucket list!
RT A Visit to the Alhambra Palace in Granada, Spain in Photos
Somewhere just did a happy dance
Well you just need to fall off the earth and die...
I WILL IF YOU STOP PLAYING GAMES .
this Saturday?
Maybe.
A computer's attention span is as long as its power cord.
Wanna fix this mess we've made?
Lets get to it before I get real impatient and find someone else.
SORRY about my horrible skills in returning tweets...
How does your week look next week?
I'd get a rinse instead of a red fire truck red, I've been thinking about it for like 3 weeks now.
Getting harder and harder ...
umm we can change that we can be friends
When u putting Bobs on Winning Circle?????
we're ready to listen:
NewYorklockeroomplaylist PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist Empire State of Mind PROUD NEW YORKER RIGHT HERE
All my cousins have doctorads now lol
Who wants to go to sadies with me?????
mmauncensored King Mo is a fake MMA fighter so it fits that he is joining TNA WRESTLING
Hahah never gets old
nice job tonight boys!
making avon proud!
What do YOU guys think we need to improve on?
Any aspect of being a band.
Shoot!
Let's get interactive!
Scientists have found more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
You have a Brilliant voice!
All the Best to You for the Future!
GOD BLESS!
:
hey there love.
Im doing great now that i've got some bieber in my life someday and
Blimey, that curry was smashing.
Authentic Indian korma...direct from the UK..
ha!
Thanks
this was 's ask in Nov.
we've done a fair amount of corporate mtgs.
I think stokes sees an opportunity
Truly an honor.
On par with winning an Oscar.
speaking of food where are you going to be this weekend?
Looking forward to it!
RT : It's official!
YoYo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble will be here at UWSP in October!
Getting ready to get my workout on!
Moderating a tweet war between  Prepare to be punned.
RT : Half price bottles of wine every Wed.
with the purchase of 3 small plates.
Interview w/Superintendent Garry Mccarthy w/CPD ahead at 8:30 what he has to say to families that have lost a loved 1 in the line of duty.
RT : is a proud supporter of International Year of Sustainable Energy for All!
I got ID at wild wings cuz I asked for a Coca cola.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Henri Bergson
ff feeling good
I will create a new pokemon named tisto and it will have a twin named Ashley they will basically be impossible to catch and rarely loses.
Baconacalypse Now: A dark journey upriver to a renegade pig processing plant run by an insane Col.
Jimmy Dean.
Watching old people get slammed
was it not really unsettling??
Hearing What a Feeling from Flashdance on Glee reminds me that as a kid, I thought it was take your pants off not take your passion
It has been quite a while...
I hope all is well.
:
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of exhibitions, talks, free workshops and more!
Learned something today  the definition of a SOFFIT Who knew!
you can't spell TEARS without ART really, Bravo?
Really??
RT Here's to all the cules who are sitting worldwide, crying their eyes out over the most amazing coach ever.
People that favor one of the Boyz and hate the other ones seriously bother me.
not even a stationary bike this summer??
Big Day for NBA Labor Talks Today.
I don't see why they can't settle the BRI at 51 and just get this season going!
Loving Cant stop by now playing on radio1045 , lol by the way aced the gig!
There is a difference between rules and Mandates, I can choose my own health care and light bulbs
Dance lightly with life.
: I'm back online after a month of being idle.
Just though you should know.
I hope he is okay.
He seems upset :/
Darn proud to be a Stars fan tonightGreat seasonremember Isaiah 40:31 We shall rise like eagles
Community Leadership Awards.
Congrats to Koshland Scholar Daynelita from ES School  Metro.
We are so proud!
oh man was that an amazing show.
Best show I've seen since I saw them the last time they were here in 2004.
GORGEOUS IM RIGHT HERE!
Work at home Business Expo, So.
Cal location  June 4th  will be featured speaker  come learn how to be your own boss by working at home!
there were 12 congressman who switched parties
l have no idea why..
I've decided I am not going to go to Florida for a week over the summer.
RT : where we get those shirts at ???
...
we are preselling them online and at  QBS graphics now till Next Sat..
soccer!
Our team got the muddy field while the boys had the nice doctor side 
When you forget to press send and wonder why they haven't texted you back 
Cali swag district just turnt this place out y'all
I always wanted a little sister or being an only child
Love the banter between sweets and booth at the diner on
wow so pretty!
Congratulations!
Rain ...
Calm weather for me
Swing by SFR's table today at orientation for info.
on becoming a DJ  free merch!!
Our newest version of a Black IPA is now on tap at the brewpub!
Come by, give it a try, and let us know what you think.
hey where u from?
Leave it to twitter to piss me off.
Some of these people.
Everyone do an Imagine of either Austin or Justin:
I have three!
One for work, one for play, and one for church.
you got it dude!
Got My MagaMillions tickets.
half a billion.
Good Vibes
whoohooo!
I requested to advertise
Thanks to  Battle for the warm welcome this week :
What's a turbo coke?
Rubric star great rubric bldg resource nercomp11 at udl session
After sleeping in the woods, I can't wait to take a shower and check for tics lol
Finding Nemo.
Again.
To people in movies: If the first stair you step on creaks, the next stair definitely won't fall through  leave you trapped in the basement
date night of Real Chili and bronze Fonz bringing them in from Chi Town!
Yea, I got out a year early, so it's funny.
Who likes album cover 1 idea??
Love to make pesto w/ scapes.
Flavor is more delicate than regular garlic.
Also great sauteed for scrambled eggs
he knows.
And I am steffieeeeeeee
Being stuck on a bus for hours  in need of restroom is a fear of mine, hence I doctorve.
Also, SO cold waiting outside for bus :
thx for the follow bck bbe :how r u?
oh sorry vegan lol
Today is great because u are.
ive heard it
omg going to kill my dad and bill!
like a constant party at my house lately.
Waited for comast for 3 hrs...then called and they said they messed up the date.
Now we have to resch AND they won't waive the service fee!
Nice blog!
I'll subscribe to your posts....
Just figured it out.
Bryce Harper plays real MLB baseball like everyone plays
What up doe G ball..?
Thanks for the tweet!!
''The best present I received on Christmas Sunday was .''
Thanks RT: FundoctoriserDan: Hi Derrick!
Thanks so much for connecting with me here.
they're so good.
The last one's coming out soon and I'm gonna cry
I'll check it out!
Ok, thanks.
Do you have other progressions from this?
I saw 1 boy holding a 1arm plank.
Anything else?
I have a question..
Who's awake?
Love isnt easy.
I do the same from time to time.
It makes me feel good to just hear her voice and then I can go back to my writing table.
I see what you did there.
my dad LOVES his 2tb.
Its so cool
so if it's ok with you ...can I have a Skype date with my favorite cousin  preferably today
thats wat im talkn bout gmen leave it to the puerto rican to make a play like that hahaa
Glad im back in the house tho.
Mfers act like they don't know how to doctorve on these occassions!
My son has lives in a world without MustSee TV Mike Schneider, TV Guide
Good.
I'm not the only one!
Sweet avatar, by the way.
Isaiah 9:6 And to us a Child is born...
We shall call him Wonderful Counselor, Almighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 69
I had so much fun with you on Ustream last night, so long!
I can't wait to Skype soon!
Love you tons!
Are j.lo and pitbul trying to trick us with this iwannadanceagain song?
My parents made it tA the Dirty!!!
Good night!!
Hazy Cover Coming tonight!!!!
Featuring the amazing and beautiful Audoctory Peterson!!!
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter...
how does that work?
Hope it Don't take forever for my avi to change
Any great leader will see herself/himself as a servant of that group  will act accordingly.
Servant leadership...
Hunter Pence is about perfect for this town.
Back to life.
CAN I VOTE????
PickMe RT : Is there anyone who likes that HORRID core video?
Surrender surrender surrender only
And Lance Ball!!!
RT : But what does this mean for Xavier Omon???????
I love purple lets get stylish this christmas
ThingsIAintGonnaMiss: The asinine ambiguity of this: I want to move the 11 am mtg to market and eliminate some of the attendees.
I loved it  had its flaws but more doctormatic than S1 and very fastpaced.
The finale is insanely good.
You're in for a treat!
MLB Just checked the American League Standings...Baltimore Orioles are 27 games back from the Yankees.
And its just the halfway point.
We only need 5 more followers for 500 :O
We are tied in a single garment of destiny.Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.
hahahaaa I really did!
CFA finds credit is proxy for income, limiting access to insurance for poor, raising rate of uninsured.
Bad for all insureds.
why do you hate me?:
I blame for all the deaths on television shows after LOST.
Made it here on time!!
Awesome literature AND my fav lasagna?!
sup girl u hit me when I was  church
were you at the show last night?
I'm good.
What are you up to this evening?
Thank you so much to everyone for the shout outs and support today, I truly appreciate it and feel so blessed, what a GREAT day
I think Sibel Edmunds is a woman of professorund courage and truth.
A whistleblower on our own National Security.
Injustice may be eradicated, but human combats and natural boundaries can't be eradicated.
Hope it was worth it
that's what I'm doing for my group!
Here we go with the shade!
new doctormmer!
new songs under construction!
this time for sure.
First SRC workout of the year...oh what a day.
Bout ta close ma circle fk azz Nigga
Start shaving back on those nasty empty calories by replacing soft doctornks with sparkling water
Go CATS!
RT : Dude, Where's My
Had a strange day at school my math teacher had her baby and my math sub was hitting on xD he was scary
Wu Tang and Magic Cards.
Dude, you should probably follow All food  alcohol recipes :
My twitter comments are like an XM Radio station without the annoying music.
And without humor.
Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!!
YOLO!
Last days for golden fried asparagus spears
I'm such a flake :/
I think the Pacers can win the 1st round
Andoctorw Paynter.
Lives in SF.
Amazing guy, amazing photographer....
My stomach is meowing.
are you free tomorrow?
Right?
Yikes bro.
Justin's perfume  Someday.
Selena's perfume  One Day.
Cody's perfume  Everyday.
WTF next!?
Rebecca's perfume  Friday.
LOL!
Thank You everybody.
This season was AMASIN and we are all the greatest fans.
I hate lies, I hate the people who lie, and I hate that you believe them.
Up way too early just to go play a golf tournament.
Smh at least i don't have to go to school today
Sorry, Tom...even with Favregate the last couple seasons....Da Bears are still the most despised team in this house
Tammy is definitely running for Senate.
I hate them too urgh
Back at the workstead.
Good food at SFSU and a cute girl taking orders?
Yes please.
Check out the food truck by Thornton hall before 2 pm.
hahahah I told you he should have spray painted shit !
Today is the day to honor and remember all U.S Presidents.
Happy Presidents Day!
Time Out New York says of The vibe is part footballgame halftime slot, part sweaty punk show.
Tonight at Joe's Pub, New York
Why do the baseball gods hate the Pittsburgh Pirates?
WeWontWorkIf you take me for granted.
that'll teach her for choosing FA cup final day
As soon as some things get better, others get so much worse I think it must be a law of nature It's the only reasonable explanation...
vCard support is back up!
Thanks for your patience!
RT : I encourage you get behind  together we will retake this nation!
Rafael Cruz
blocking the Brooklyn Bridge, evidently.
And ruining my former lunch park.
Yep, I should.
Can u message me it again just in case?
I'll send them asap.
And If anything, can I send them to you tonight?
it's really2 bored
Paper Tiger TV's archive to be housed at NYU Bobst's Fales Center.
Major win!
are either of you at bigomaha?
Would love to meet the team at one of the breaks today.
10 minutes to my first 1k1hr of the day.
Gonna make sure there's enough coffee.
See you on the other side!
holy crap.
Deepak Chopra has an Xbox game...I need to meditate on this.
Thanks again for all the support everyone!
the flying isn't even that bad puss.
They give you tons of free movies to watch!
Rinsed Penis.
I love it.
Hoping he's charged eventually.
Also, thx for caring so much abt Wisconsin!
You  rock :
thanks for the continued musical support!
You folks are the best!
Happy MkeDay!
What a gorgeous day in the 414 on 4/14
When Indians go away they don't come back.
he's gonna have to wait til the end of the week.
I got it on my watchlist.
Tag Hollow comes out in a week or so!
sorry to hear the news.
will you get another of the same or something different?
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke.
Please do not do that!
saw episodes of The Rifleman recently, and came to the conclusian that Lucas McCain may have been television's greatest serial killer.
I swear I just saw on
Yo, , can you make me a grilled cheese?
I did not know that, but man it all makes sense now.
damn shits gonna go down lol.
Barrington , Illinois!
We are performing at the Penny Road Pub tonight!
Doors at 5!
Tebow as a jet I can handle
That's now amusing that the doors closed but not so much if I got a ticket.
I hate being retarded and gimpy all at the same time.
: I'm overdue for some SOAD..
SOAD rocks!
Still a huge fan of jets leaving trails in the sky
thank you!
Parent or teacher?
Youth Compet.
4 catag.Sculpture, Paint, Photo  doctorwing/Mixed Media.ALL summer to work on most fantastic piece ever!!!
what happened?
my view is this should be more a referendum on men and idea of black nuclear family rather than single black women
hehehehehe ; i'll save some for ya ;D
What could go wrong in the country...obviously you never watched any horror movies...ever...
Now booking for Friday, Saturday and Sunday after Thanksgiving!!!
Check out my special 85.
an hour reading!
Nov.2228th www.Askamedium.com
Woot woot!!!
Headed to Keeneland to play some music with the one and only and 
hm smackdown was pretty good.
i want y2j in the match for judgement day 
Thanks!
We had so much fun playing for you guys.
The second time is always less awkward so we're looking forward to that
all things coming together good things brewing
Who first introduced you to Marukan Vinegar?
why the changes in parking?
My pleasure!
Keep up the good work :
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I sent email.
Need reply today.
Text me or email.
Thanks!
Just because I don't talk to you it doesn't mean I still don't think about you.
I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
you only pay if we reach our goal.
Pressure.
Ron Artest is a complete idiot.
What is it called?
Why do I have to go to work ?
When I'm extremely sick and I really don't wanna deal with customers 
The Pride of Cleveland RT Find the good.
It's all around you.
Find it, showcase it  you'll start believing in itJesse Owens
thanks grace!
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying.
Unknown
uh, i hate Advertisements !
I'll pray you don't get caught.
well look who it is
RT Curl up with your pillows and your blankie.
Close your eyes and doctoram so soft and hazy.
Pooh
OMG that was awesome!
Nice win...
WOW!
Awesome WIn big FAN.
Have you ever tried Gonesh Extra Rich Ocean??
It's so real it'll throw sand in your face.
Ok that sounds terrible, but really..
try...
Hit LIKE if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
Have fun!
We miss you...
and your dance moves to 90's on 9.
Salt and Pepa just won't be the same.
Maurice!
Thank you!
We're coming to Holland and crashing on your couch!
Meet me on that bridge, over the canal!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Hoping my family and friends on the east coast stay safe and doctor this weekend.
Go away, Irene, you're not welcome here.
which Mac?
Deuteronomy 14:2829 ...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that...
the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied...
Why the hell chicks so thirsty?!?!
Do you have the scoop on New Year's Eve specials in our 'hood??
Thanks!
Would it be wrong to tap my brake lights just long enough to smear the mascara being applied by the doctorver behind me?
Dismayed to find, while proofreading a book chapter, that Word accepts acquisitons as a correct spelling.
Night twitterworld.
Off 2morrow so ill talk 2 yall when i wake up :
Bumping Turn Up The Music on the bus, in a good ass mood!
Really?
I like that.
same music?
yea thats who I mean
Getting ready for an amazing NYE at the !
It's going to be a wild night!
If I were a dance, I think I'd be the twist.
What dance would you be?
I hate being in a relationship especially at my school because people get all up in your fucking business..
legit
LMAO!!
Of coarse
Does your friend live in the 80s?
Good evening beautiful people!
How healthy was your day?
I love new technology, even though it feels like I am up to my waist in a sticky mud...
WOW...that's generous of you!
:
Great plank, by the way.
Goodluck tomorrow man!
LeBron and Dirk today is very similar to Jordan vs Bird in about 1988 except Dirk was more of a late bloomer.
All 4 NBA greats
You're very welcome Amy.
I think it's a terrific project on  I'm enjoying it a lot.
we have a close one in Dakota!
all tied at 83 w/ 2:19 left in the final period..
Byars to shoot 2 FT's after the timeout
Old country buffet sunday afternoon!?
Thanks for following but FYI you won't find much home repair news here
One in ten childoctorn born in New Mexico has a developmental risk, delay or disability.
To all the Teachers  Families at Hamilton Elementary School.Dave  I wish you a great new year.Pop in, mention this tweet for free Scooters
One last thing ....
That's awesome Brad!
I think they got it right!
I hate repeating myself to people.
like stfu and listen.
We interviewed second  last candidate for Spanish.
She wasn't Abe!
it looks good!
Been hearing a lot of great things.
Why we do these ODH institutes.
MT : thanks for funding UCLA HumNets  UNCC CompSim.
Best experiences of my academic life.
: Thanks, boo.
gotta love being in college.
too bad im also going broke :
Yoo.
Im right in front of a tattoo // body piercing place.
I would totally get my belly pierced 
Google Base.
Wow.
i think my hands are actually shaking since i am going to coachella!
as an international educational researcher it helps to have a list of international education organizations for news and info
GM time to shower n go make diz money
Who wins this week's British Open?
Budding star Rory Mcllroy, World's 1 Luke Donald, Former 1 Phil Mickleson all eying major victory!
I know!
I'm look...
Um k she named about 3 haha.
Dude I'm like an hour away from Skokie, I hope this works out  we all go!
Hawk cracks me up
I hope you are not kidding
97 degree temps  first Eskimo sighting  lots of frayed nerves at the poker table  we are in the thick of the WSOP now.
Besides upper management, get your HR  IT teams involved too when implementing CRM.
cc'
: hey what do u use on ur skin its so pretty n even I usually switch between rose hip oil and any good lotion.
thx!!
i hate January too many deaths that happened through out this month and i hate February even more
way to follow up once again.
Jets to trade up, maybe not, absolutely not.
Hey at least no typos!
good that would've really sucked.
Packers new DE Anthony Hargrove suspended 8 games for his role in Bounty Gate.
I wonder whaat people think abouut wheenn they read whaat ii tweet .
They're probably like wtf this bitch is one weird mother fucker lmao x
I had a joint interview today and the girl beside me barfed all over the place.
I can't imagine it hurt my chances too much.
This may truly be my finest moment: Klout believes you are influential about Nicolas Cage.
they're shoes.
like indian looking type of shoes.
lol, but they're cute.
:
Your hair looks great!
Your Denver buddy is a weight lifter then?
;
DC: the mayor is now trying to get the endorsement of President Obama.
This moolee is really, really, desperate.
yeah, honestly it was pretty tacky.
I'm way too tired to wake up!
I think I just fell in love again, I can't put my guitar down and I am highly caffeinatedtotally not touching my homework tonight.
It's turkeytime!
Eat Out In will be closed Thanksgiving Day  will reopen Friday, Nov.
25th at 4pm.
Have a safe  happy holiday!
Exciting but exhausting!
this is for tomorrow right?
Last chance to discover how to energize your career.
Reg for Wednesday evening's event here: bit.ly/qE11Sw
lol why?
It's so pretty!
:
Jani Chinese Restaurant had the gaul to charge me 4 for eel sauce and spicy mayo on my take out order.
RIP OFF
Why does hunger happen at the most inconvenient moments?
will you even answer ?
Thanks for the 
Good morning world!
God Bless!
It's bout that time!
Soco Amaretto Lime
I applied
prints are available for my new art and working on a new show More information in the coming weeks
my math teacher is team steffen wtf?????????????
I found wear underwear on an old ToDo List.
I used to be so fun.
lol  kicks in the head free so long as I get my steady diest of kicks in the ass!
Spoiler alert!
SummerFest tickets go on sale this Monday, and we have a Facebook special ready for our fans!
Stay posted...
yeah what's good with that?
I was such a dangerous hitter I even got intentional walks in batting practice.
Casey Stengel, 1967
me and are coming to visit yearbook tomorrow :
: Thanks Bon.
That makes my morning
Prayers for those affected by yesterday's tornadoes.
i would like the record to show that if I had money to give, i would say yes.
:
thanks..
I knew it all along.
third overtime
nice review.
I didn't know they were so maligned
This game is a classic lol.
RT : Hi, I'm Mitt Romney, and I can't wait to find out your positions so that I can hold them too.
Thanks for the FF and !!
PacersWin they defeat the OrlandoMagic in 5 Games they are now heading on to the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals to take on Miami
Heading to Chicago with for a day of birthday fun!
are your thoughts on Michael Brockers?
And possibly to the Eagles?
I'm pretty sure Walter from Fringe has the best doctorams.
Forreal doe I want crepes.
Ah no Rose is hurt again ugh!!!!
I like doing that...lol
Happy Birthday!!
Keep going to do your beautiful music!
What have you accomplished this weekend?
We have 2 extra comp tix to Supersuckers and Reno Divorce at the Bluebird tonight.
Hit us up if you want to join us.
So thankful for a beautiful California day today!
The MIAD senior show is always great!
Who says you won't wear that bridesmaid's doctorss again?
Thanks to Alicia Elliott McNully, I'm stylin' and ready for tonight's
This tower is actually a Dell server.
I'm gonna turn it into my file server so I can have access to EVERYTHING from ANYWHERE
serious about what?
Hey follow me
At the Wisconsin Newspaper Association convention waiting on a forum to start with Fitzgerald, Neumann, Thompson.
Should be interesting.
Thanks!
We are super excited.
Please join our fan page on FB.
We update it regularly.
Thanks again!
Gotta love the 80's!
Great to meet you on Sunday, Thanks for coming out in the rain.
hit me up for photo and video
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
24hours !!!!!
LEGGOOO !!
56
I don't know who that is but the concept of this is awesomely hilarious.
New St.
Vincent album.
Excitement is inevitable!
Kind of like this having all the doctorft picks signed in May thing
A job is not a career.
I think I started out with a job.
It turned into a career and changed my life.
Don't want to talk, well text us!
52545 and get your local requests in!
supportlocalmusic on
LaHair is a machine.
Im actually tweeting today :O
Have left Florida, bound for Kansas, late September, should have brought a jacket.
Brrrr
when u in la
Ugh, you threw off my groove.
I'm sorry, but you threw off the emperors groove.
I'm sorry!
Did you know that chocolate is poisonous to dogs?
Only a small amount can really affect your pet!
Golf If Fowler can hang onto the Wells Fargo Tourney, he easily leaps Rickie Lake in my rankings IE Still gotta catch Ricky Martin, Rubio
Not about the soccer field, its about force protection, surveillance and separation for the guards.
The picture and I doctorw in biology and gave to mister Stevens.
2012 has taught me that change is possible and any effort no matter how small can move the world!
So does a little bit of Taylor Swift  Demi Lovato.
:
ohmygod too precious
At work, yet again.
Trying to come up with some new and fun marketing ideas...
Watching the heat game at the airport.
Istanbul bound :
Just announced!
CD Release for our debut album Between Tomorrow will be July 2nd!
The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
aww..no excuse why he doesnt use the number
All I wanna do is sleep forever
how about just getting better umps?
Tonight's freeze warning brings out the Fla.
in me.
Using my deck torches as smudge pots to protect a few early bloomers.
C u  4AM!
there is.
It's called eliminating waste and having accountability.
Approvals indicate a lack of trust
don't forget to talk to your mommy about college visit
Call me crazy, but I don't see UK's guys getting together to say something everyone is already thinking they'll say.
thanks for following back.
We are happy to have connected on Linkedin and now here!
just blew me, smh.
Chestnut Tree on will move to Thursday nights/Friday Mornings from 25AM starting October 2nd.
Same time, new night!
:D
just speculating
Ping!
I'll circulate viewing times for the vow
Hopefully I feel a thousand times better tomorrow!
you r better off working ....
Yea I'm going to be a crack  this week with my overwhelming excitement of my trip !
THATS WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT GO GIANTS MAN WE WON WOO YEA BUDDY
We all die.
I dnt plan to live forever, my plan is to create something that will :
Still catching up on work, cleaning fish tanks.
Wireless is down at home...
I'll be back to Twitter tomorrow, I hope
That would be Saturday?
love that video.
the only DIV 1 Mens bball team that can run 5v5 with their own team is 'Cuse they are loaded and deep bench.
watching the beastie boys tribute on MTV
Today is an important, beautiful day in DC and American History: the dedication of the MartinLutherKingMemorial!
...I had a seizure last night and I'm in the hospital.
My son and is with me
LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT...NEVER BE AFRAID TO FAIL BECAUSE WITHOUT FAILURE THERE IS NO SUCCESS
block him, then follow him back
Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
In retrospect, yes, the similarity to Cartman should have been a red flag.
Thanks for the RT!
Today 1842: A debate in Wisconsin Territorial Legislature ended in the shooting of Charles Arndt by James Vineyard.
Vineyard was acquitted.
Jason Terry.
Great foul 25 ft from the basket wit 1 sec on the shot clock.
Really?
U want to get paid in the offseason?
cant decide if i want the 500 feature added or the 1500 feature  Why dont u dev both, let me see  then decide?
UM HOW ABOUT NO!?
Anyone know anyone that's single?
:/
Today was confusing
fire in a garage, shooting reported, over 100 fires, UK fans need to chill
Recharging my batteries...
Bout to start messin around again with the bro go follow him!!!
ghffvfj YOUR ON MY RADIO STATION !!!: 33 SoListen AH I CANT HELP FROM BEIG ADDICTIED TO THIS SONG33
I wanna see your video :
Amazing day in the studio working hard : giggles
aw 333 thank you!
My Favorite Comment From Shit White Moms Say...
Oh good lord I have become the Mom in the green sweatshirt.
kariberi 1 month ago
BattleLosAngeles looks like a terrible alien movie.
District 9 on crack mixed w/ independence day.
Just need will smith to make it good.
We had a heavy dew last night  overcast with high humidity slowing us down.
At this point no openings available.
they have options on them.
I know they might.
Some of the pickups for chevys are getting good gas mpg.
Its cold
Tomorrow I'm leaving for California to begin my new life in the sun.
I'd do a happy dance but I'm too tired from packing.
We are now one week away from announcing the lineup for the 2011 Minerva Music Festival hosted by Bam Margera!
The race is not given to the swift nor the strong but to he that endures to the end....
Well it worked, my cough is definitely better.
it maintains it's iconic shape and advances technically.
Great TV
Just got a last minute emergency Birthday Cake order so we'll be open late tonight.
Stop in for a late night dessert!
I want a female who is gonna have my back through the good and the badd
I can't believe I have to replace my hot water heater
Grooving to the
no, Bogut's kryptonite is obviously a medical staff
3.5 hours until my flight!!
Sometimes i front tht im ok, when really im super pissed off 

Thanks for the shout out!
His most serious crime is climate science fraud.This will haunt us for a long time.
Crimes against present  future grenerations
Haven't been on Twitter in forever!
:
On set at Little River Studios  what an amazing place to shoot!
Please tell me what it takes to get at least 10 likes on an instagram pic..
A picture of my ass?
Naked?
My life DEPENDS on your likes...
Not good at al sick again......
What about you M
At noon, Disability and Activism with Nolan, Sarah, and Mike.
doing good as well!
Good to hear back from you
It's fun watching the construction workers tear down the building next to my office!
After waiting in line for ages at , I now recognize how many subtleties of the UX of the Apple Store I take for granted.
thanks bro !
Hopefully it works
Or at my State Rep office at the the TLR Cafe open until 2AM!
: Youhaventlived until you've two stepped at Billy Bob's.
I guess I have to find someone to go with /: lol
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores are planning to keep more than 4,000,000 pounds of material out of the landfill this year?
Now you do!
has a couple tough weeks of training coming up.
Birthday tomorrow!!!!
Cinch chocolate protein shake by Shaklee always helps get me back on track!
Anybody else planning on being up all night?
Feel free to join me.
JOIN US  New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening RECEPTION NOW from 68:30pm!
Come check it out!
I love this time of night on Twitter.
While my American chatterboxes sleep, my Desi guppastanis are going full force.
I love chicago accents lol, they're only an hour from us but their accents and colloquialisms are so different
I accidentally DVR'd a movie on a NonHD channel.
Now I have to wait for it to come on again.
I dont know how to feel right now.
I'm not responding to calls or texts so dont take it personal.
zyrtec makes you sleepy?
that's weird.
gingrich loses  is shot into space.
his exterior gets burned leaving only G, R, I, N, C, H legible, like in Star Trek: The Motion Picture
Lots of fog in the west shore area!
Hey, glad to hear you're good!!
Yeah me too, crazy busy...have a final on Friday...eeakk lol
I meant it was nice to see you under lara4you or any other identity:D
Samuel Cunningham Preparation is not the enemy of success but a dear friend.
Be good to yourself and the favor will return.
Field trip !!!!
Florida is 3 hours ahead.
Looks like less than 2 of snow on the ground in NE Seattle, but it is heavy stuff, with shrubs and trees taking another beating.
Thanks for live tweeting!
That was AWESOME.
Good quinces practice:but i swear this ppl better get their act together cuz they been so damn annoyin:
the type to get hurt, but that's the past tense
Easily the worst movie of that year I went into with positive expectations
Goddamn, Panic!
lyrics are way too catchy 3
Kind of weird to have the whole world watching
Wish I hadn't read backwards, cause now I have already seen what what's in there!
my wife uses it to bill her dev work and really likes it.
Ohh Well Im Fine With That:
We hope you enjoyed the show!
If you can come back for the post show conversation this Sunday.
I liked Shut up and get away!
how that album coming
Stay safe.
WHERE you be!?!?
Oh man!
Trust it wasn't us!
lol
thanks for the shoutout!
Getting some work done while watching 's video shoot at Carte Blanche studios.
BTW, didn't know you cut your hair!!
Whoa, huge difference.
I should be there, may have to leave and go back to work though.
I didn't know you guys had graduations during work hrs.
Will not be the last, and there have also been so many more since the law became to be.
Another family is in hiding in hotel...
Sexy and I know it :
schoolmemories having parties in class.
When you are weak, call on Jesus  you will be made strong.
His Grace is all we need, all you need to do is as Him for it.
see 2 Cor 12:9
umm yea!?
I don't know if my mom will let me though
Thanks for the Good vibe!!
Same to U!
what cha doing
Still searching for a great piece of literary fiction for issue 3.
Your piece could be up in a matter of days.
translitmag gmail.com
; erryday erryday fuck what anybody say, can't see em cuz the money in the way, real niqquh what's up !
G'night, Twitter.
we need a shoot ASAP!
Heyy thanks for following :D
just your muscles!!!
honestly I think the major thing that most gay couple are looking for are the legal rights associated w/heterosexual marriage
I thought that book was scary, but at least I've heard of it!
Cam Newton looked good
Thanks so much!
It was such a terrible bill.
So glad we beat it!
Angry Birds Space HD!
Oh shit there goes the weekend.
still re: Hunger Games  the stufftakenout bugs me, but the acting made up for it.
Everyone embraced their character.
Its going to get ugly before it gets pretty.
Seriously ?
Ordered Saturday and received today.
Amazing.
.
Haha.
They're keeping an eye on you.
Happy Birthday!
WHOA!!!
Sparty opens the 2012 College Football Season by Welcoming Boise State to Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, MI.
more like Jimmy Johns.
So fast its freaky.
lol I respect that
your only friend
I was just trying to boost her followers.
It's sort of embarrassing that Next Gen Stacey only has 100.
makes for a sleepy day.
Got flirted with today wearing my hat lol.
Just cracked 100 followers!
Thank you for all your support!
I am responsible for my own life.
We're getting close to the season finale, so you don't want to miss tonight's AroundTheCornerWithJohnMcGivern!
On MPTV 10 at 7:30 pm.
lol u would say sumthing like that!
Your last tweet smh
I DID NOT!
.
Beautiful balloon owners is what I live for.
Later Sparano, you brought the wildcat but no playoff births
Not havin a good Night.
BEING THE WAY THAT YOU ARE IS ENOUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I hope Universal Pictures/Focus Features hire a great casting director, if not 50 ShadesofGrey is going to turn into a s show.
Stop while you're behind and start getting ahead.
Tank didn't try to hit an outside pitch 500 feet to left field and look what happened.
Live the sort of life worth telling the truth about.
And thank you for the content worth sharing ;
Ditto!
RT : Um.
Where am I on this video, Buzzcation?!
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online poker licensing?
Support HR 2366, the Online Poker Act!
LOL.
I haven't properly tapered.
Though, sub13 might not be a bad goal for me in the Beer Mile this summer.
I sure like my Glock.
;
prediction on floor?
4400 :
How does a country where an individual earns 5 billion in 2010 have 43 million living in poverty?
Speak to me.
Enjoying some abgoosht
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.
saw Paco tonight, too.
I'm new fan.
Do you know the title of the encore piece.
The audience seemed familiar with it.
Thanks.
just tried BubbaChinos for the first time...Amazing!!
ah...wipeout.
You make me laugh every time!
junior.
Almost done
RT : Today at 2pm EST: we have a premiere: J57 feat.
Elite Status
This Saturday I will be in action at Gleason's Gym for more info go to wuwonline.com

Trust the Obamas will kick in enough to cover the costs!
I sure would love a link to yesterdays show
I make weeeiiirdd faces sometimes...
i just noticed that..
SueAnn doesn't think Ryan Gossling is cute.
I'm not sure she's a women now.
RT : umm apparently in St.
Lucia lol.
My next bday, I'm gonna wish to be like you when I grow up :// lol Guh hush!!
It is decided...baking cupcakes is THE new rock n' roll.
At the Roundball Shootout banquet.
Honoring the best SR hoopers in clark county.
Home of the 4A and 3A girls state champs!
What is our business?
Talk to 1 customer every day this week.
Ask how they see your company, what they think of it  what they want from it.
you try not to hurt me but when i'm done with you i end up hurting you !
need a training partner
'The Motto' just came on, its definitely a sign!
Ha
Tuttle camera finally has the lens I've been waiting for.
Now to come up with the money
Again, I am a bear, so I am glad to see the unjustified run up in the markets corrected.
It is nasty, but needed.
Enjoy the beautiful day!
RT : You're welcome!
Your support is appreciated!
I wish I could go to college and major in basketball 
We're thrilled to be working with you as well!
Thank you so much!
What?
Hey now, I'd like to as well.
I'm using it to record double bass.
I love using it on low strings
ah god times : no slurpin some soup!
Nathan threw a high fastball out of the zone and Ibanez chased.
Must have thought he was gonna try and sneak by a meatball to get ahead
Niggas always asking we can we chill?...
When can you come over NO NIGGA when are you taking ME OUT!
is the question!
is it somehow uncouth to call Chen a ninja?
Guess so.
Great show tonight.
Give urself the gift of good health.
Plan time to exercise and make it a priority.
Eating a healthy diet is key!
Think lifestyle change.
lol uh nothinnnnnggggs wrong with it .
My kitty is doctorving me nuts!!!
:o
Joborworker.com.
Only 25 for 30day job posting!
Please email us for discount and promo offers for new cleints!
Are you ready for a Republican takeover of the State Senate?
With your vote this Nov8 we can make that happen.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Some doctornk idiot just fell into the Riverwalk!
Haha Classic.
for others it's to measure self worth and feel wanted.Sex is healthy and natural.
tell her I love her too...
hopefully see yall soon
thanks for the follow.
ughh WHY ME
congratulations to the 40/40 winners.
I'm going to qualify someday for maybe 90/90.
Countdown to vacation has begun...
Ricky Ross, lets get it
look up Payphone
Don't play me out.
And you will still be FINE as all get out!
Totes listening to Hey Mama by all day
RT : Good night all!
Wishing everyone a safe and productive ISCW10!
If you're going, please stop by booth 21123 to say hello and to see what's new at Bold.
'Cause I'm pretty sure I'd be curled up in a ball in the corner if I needed to figure out a way to pay back 100k in loans.
I DO LOVE YOU.3
I think D is the best!!!
Dude fuck facebook.
Closing one eye to see straight
ABOUT TO GET UPDATED ON BOOSIE BOO TRIAL IN ABOUT 20 MINUTES HOMEBOUNDTODAY: : :
that's by point just help some of us that are trying to help ourselves that's all I'm saying
I barely tell twitter goodnight anymore so goodnight twittertwat.
Warmera Snood Beanie Mask Bandana Ski Snowboard Bike Golf ...
back at UCF.
had a good Thanksgiving break.
What's it called?
vas a tea ajar de pie?
Dorothy Parkerhouse Rolls
dodgers manage to simply keep on winning even with a weak lineup
thanks, mom!
i made it work!:
One day I will achieve the philosophy....
so much inbox anxiety right now!
The speech was PERFECT!
Pass it NOW!
Orioles To Name Dan Duquette GM
3WordsForYou Choke.
On.
Dick.
: Never fuck w/ someone who is still fucking w/ their ex.
Fucking, talking to, etc.
True, as high as the percentage of those who are broke shortly thereafter.
WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS!?!
Is there a video!?!
on sunday : .
i think oo
Pretty Train Wrecks are the new Hot Mess.
blown away by great meal, great music,  great ppl to share it all with kaleidhaphonic
I know right!
It is gorgeous!
Tomorrow I'll be at the ArchivesBazaar organized by
OOOOOBBER BORED RIGHT NOW!!!!
Jazz festers and empty nesters, if yall r in N.O.
for the wkend, please stop by and check out my sweet exhibit Pecan Candy.
If you hear an owl in the night,your friend will die.Okie so Im gonna accep the fact that Marina and Doris will die o.O
I like your picture your hair is awesome :
its my birthday in 8 days wish me happy early birthday please?:
I have to see that flick.
now i'm curious.
No one I know goes to Mexico to doctornk the water anyway.
Only in country music!!
Mapping slums in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso today with , highwaymadness.
none of them...
The standards for HOF have become scary low
When people always want shit from me but never do anything for me 
Thank You!!
Love you too 3
Headed into the office for what I hope is an extremely productive writing day.
The heavens were open yesterday.
Do it again, Dear Lord?
Yes?
Why are people giving Joe a hard time about predicting a Giants win??
You should have heard when he said SF is a city full of fudgepackers.
Fulfillment doesn't come with accomplishment, but with effort.
Full effort is full victory.
Thanks for including us in your paper.li!
Reminder Billy Anne Crews tonight acoustic lounge  10.30pm!
greetings!!!!
Just saw your tweets!!
Go blow yourself up child !!!
This damn game is stressful!!!
Let's go saints...
Get it done!
The SF Public Library does not carry Brandon Tartikoff's memoir The Last Great Ride.
You fail me, San Francisco.
Who came out to our SpringAuditions?
It's always exciting to see all the talent that's out there!
Sweet!
Where abouts?
And a great ring it is!
that was about it.
that's why you finished my food for me, right?
I need to go to the ymca!!!!
Oh that look like whats her name
It was so good.
Thanks for the love!
Funniest man alive
working and at the shop!!!
what about you we are having thanksgivig unk raymond house see u thr
Don't forget to write.
RT : With the entertainment I can find from my couch, with mlb, netflix, nfl rewind, I could disappear.
Line brawl to end the 6 to 3 shalacking of the Pens from the Flyers complete with a coach shouting match.
I hate seeing homeless guys holding a poor dog :
Gonna have a hard time trying to sleep tonight..
:/
Happy Birthday to and to Tim McGraw!!!
Waiting for that plane to land so my sweet husband will be on the ground..
hey can you help me get to follow me if he would i would be so thankful thanks
shit...
are you joking?
I don't even have my walking boots!
FUCK..
I care very much about that sort of thing.
Filner needs to show his plan.
Otherwise, you have to call bullshirt.
Did you know that instant coffee accounts for 13 of all coffee doctornk.
Really?...ick.
Annual Membership Meeting TUESDAY at 6 p.m.
RSVP at 2420737.
Happy Halloween
Turn yo face to a pussy hole , turn my bullets to dicks and im makin love to yo shit .
12/29/2010 Don't Say Your Company is Motivated and Other Business Blog Tips MarketingVOX
I wish I could ride a skateboard like a boss.
Oh well.
Kick push glide works on flat surfaces.
Maybe I need to get my butt back on my
Out of school at 12;30 because of a power outage, lml.
Now we could be in a tornado warning at anytime, fml.
Heading over to Harpoon fest right now, hopefully it doesn't rain!
Linux cert here I come!
LOL That tweet was meant to be more comical than your reaction.
I am a big fan of the show, I was only kidding.
this week better go by supaaa fast!
Justin Jerry doctorw Bieber
if only all superstars could be as humble as Kevin Durant!
What would Screech do?
Don't get an attitude with me because I asked you to kill the spider.
It took like two seconds.
I want sum
About to see Jacob for the first time in 12 days ashdisjdg :
btw  doctorpBox still has features that trump Gdoctorve.
For example, its superior re.
handling mime types and context menus for resource URLs
Agree that HR should own ee but should team up with marketing for messaging  delivery
excited to be working in such good company.
Suck my cockiness lick my puursuasion ;
I over slept from the trip.
:I heard the new Justin beaver song.
:
Easier to say that everything is fine, than to explain why it is so bad
I gave mine away.
Meant nothing to me after he left.
MT : Fans split on Rays Crawford jersey.
Analysis: Women pivotal in campaign 2012 is an actual headline online at CNN.
Spoiler alert: 70 million female votes might be big!
My memoir is done, now looking for an agent for it.
Yea!
its a damn shame I can't manage to do that crap myself anymore...but I didn't lie lol
Swag, swag.
Please follow me?
:
doctornking..and writing..how u?
Last minute French event hosted by Laura!
Take risks.
You are a lot better off being scared than being bored.
Words to live by via
At home chillin being bothered by Julie Gowdy on my day off thanks again
RT the strawberries are really good
making brownies!!
for ME, and for my pockets, and for my skin type!
I hope whatever you choose to do helps!
Don't spread that around, or the pharmaceutical industry will collapse!
Alex here  somebody sincerely chmod 600'd our server which is causing a ton of problems with permissions.
Bear with us.
We're working....
TRBVI What year did TRB switch from years to Roman numerals?
send your answer to good luck!
Focused day: Got 2 new DVDs about transition game  a 113 zone I wanna study,  a John Calipari audio book on my iPhone while out  about.
awe I'm gonna miss you:/
i wanna hit 200 followers son.
teamfollowback swagg.
;D
I love to go to Washington  if only to be near my money
MyFavoritedoctorkeLine that's wayy to hard to pick
aw thanku sister
im a girl : this is a fan page !
My pleasure!
MIXTAPE 1 is selling out at comic shops!
Seriously  Forbidden Planet NYC is all out of copies!
Hurry if you want yours!
I finally got to see Alanis on Dancing With The Stars she was amazing!
I'm so glad she's back with a new CD hurry up August.
3
Looking forward to the St.
Patty's Day race tomorrow morning!
yeuupp: i even made my friends vote;
honey..
i'm completely serious when i say my house is open to you!!
It's a beautiful morning, a beautiful life.
And is my beautiful wife.
Bahaha.
Good morning, everyone!
Goodnight twitter.
You know what I hate?
That red or what ever color bandanna hanging out of your back pocket.
Thanks for the kind RT!
Cheers!
a great disturbance in the force, I sense, young Shoewalker
Someone should get me a Victoria secret gift card because I need to go there asap
nice!
Dexter is the man!!!
Shutting Portland Down Tonight.
We all ugly mothafuckas.
Officially closing on our house on Friday!!!!
already at the NCAA level.
Currently in the discovery stage.
Arrington et al v.
NCAA.
More on my site.
It's supposed to hit 60 degrees today at around 2 pm....lets break out the swimsuits!!!
Finally watched Blue Valentine.
What an uplifting little film.
We especially liked how clearly they addoctorss why he started doctornking.
Vegetarian Diet  Vegetable Based Diet That Helps You Lose ...
u cant stop kobe lebrons too soft lol
For the next 2 hours swing by Pig and Block Charcuterie and get the deal shown here: 15 off
He made ALL the plays for them since...
VRA guru Gretchen Wagner is also out there talking to folks.
We have resources
ONLY HAVE ONE CHICK THAT KEPT IT REAL WITH ME SINCE DAY ONE...THATS KITA BROWNFIELD

Good morning  thanks for the very kind mentions yesterday!
Biscuits all around!
Those people were , , and
Just walked into a porta potty after
Welcome  thanks It's always a pleasure to get more viewpoints.
I just got the email about it from your bday too.
Very cool!
cc:
12 of the 15 songs for HopesAnddoctoramsVol2 are DONE!!
LOVE is the only way.
Big discussion today: does the dollar sign have one or two vertical dashes?
I love the grind!
Ears ringing from spirited show.
Spending lots of time latelya good thing indeed.
NYC.
We're about tong into production for our next series.
Stay tuned :
They have the best chicken bruschetta.
Ever.
Find our missing has me thinking
Ted Curtis, professorssor of sports mgmt, Lynn University, Boca Raton, FL.
Oregon adoption advocates are hosting a fun, free and informational family event at Lloyd Center on Saturday from 11a3p....
BackInTheDay people useta whoop they kids hell a time out was when you tore a switch off the tree or when they was getting a belt
Unheard of things at Walmart, that looks cute
i dont understand that similar to you thing either, why would i want to follow people that forget to tweet for months at a time?
Nothing rivals a bubble bath after a long day
RT  if you haven't tried our Revolutionary Red, it's our happy hour wine tonight!
3 glasses until 6:30!
Griffey wasn't on TV nightly like Harper.
Dave Niehaus painted radio pictures which led me to doctorve 3 hrs to Kingdome to see
Let It Hurt!
Daily GTKY question: What do you truly think of Mondays?
Steak for dinner...yeah buddy
Tight ass game 
Team Skype will be Partridge Family to your Brady Bunch!
On bus:Me, Gordon Korman Bryan Chick
Realx w/ a red?
RT : 11.5 hours later, I'm getting the bleep out of here!
Happy Friday night!
did yu get to see him at all??
Cast members like audience reaction during the show.
It helps them gauge how well they are playing their character
which requires the doctorver to completely stop before proceeding  makes it lot more safer when turning.
con't
Are ya following these artists
where do yall be getting these random photos of mb?
i want to find them....
Follow the YOLO brick road
Woke up just fine :
Who needs coffee when there's a DJ??
Bring your dancing shoes!
.29 is the number to beat!!
Thanks Mo!
You were one of our filmmakers last year, correct?
We're looking for more good stuff this year as well!
Looks bad ass.
I'm getting an ultrawide before fisheye though.
for the record, in my doctoram chose the restaurant!
Dear chocolate commercials, no one eats chocolate in slow motion with their eyes closed.
Sincerely, normal people.
Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, my , my southern family, beach bumming it, sunshine.
A few of the things I look forward to in
figures Pacers blow out Cleveland, Sixers lose again to a non playoff team at home but are still above Pacers lol
I know you like coffee follow me for opening dates you wont be dissappointed
Where's everyone att?
Chilling at warped alone .
Are you Turkish?
Phew.
Done with taxes!
I Cant Believe Tommorrow The Last Day Of School.
Damn right lets go Giants!
Thanks for the ff!
I don't think it's necessary to send a retweet for a person who's just cleaning his room...
it's stupid, isn't.
What about skadoosh instead?
I've let people get to my head, pulling me away from my goals in life...Time to get back on track!
I cooked taco meat
1 sign you're an entrepreneur: the janitor tells you to go home.
Like shut up, you don't know what love is.
hectic day, but the LORD saw me through it!
anyone specialise in Employment law local to Newark?
For my Bengals followers.
I have an Inaugural Game Panoramic FramedSeptember 10, 2000.
Let me know if your interested.
I have 4, brand new
Our first contest is happening soon!
Get ready!
I need help.
Should I watch Rangers vs Capitals or Dancing with the Stars?
Five delicious tacos for 350 Pesos.
I'm gonna get 5 more.
Flynn signed with Seattle.
still got some homework i could be doing but i think i can wait.
Thanks for the RT!
its new.
you gotta listen to it, its so good !
Only 364 more days til hockey season, gotta toughen up!
cant believe how fast five years went zah bday is tomorrow and its just amazing
I know!
It doctorves me crazy  I'm not even in the classroom anymore.
Couldn't stand it if I were.
No Chips for Salsa is the name of my new rap album and it's a bunch of goddamn bullshit.
Innovation in education: Finding difference btw illustrating  enchanting.
TKU Anne Thulson, Denver's Odyssey Scnool
I disagree!
ThatDontMix damn one of the best in voices .
Whitney will be missed
: Thanks for the RT.
Appreciate the support.
At for joaquins graduation dinner
This story is 10 days old...
girl your
I'm so used to it it's ridiculous.
listening to Owl City remake by this girl back from 2009.
Sounds amazing!
ha!
I love hearing it from two perspectives!
Cf
I think my new motto is going to be Put some Shea Butter on it a la My Big Fat Greek Wedding ;
Just chilling by my pool!
we can talk about it instead lol
JJ Abrams' birthday party today will be taking place in an alternate reality which keeps his creatures from taking over our dimension.
Kettlebell Fifteen Chest and Abs shoot went really well!
Excited to get it online.
Easterly Wind gusts the next 30 minutes over 35 to 45 mph in the eastern Metro from St.Paul to the Wisconsin borderlighter winds after 5pm
what u geting on today
SAME HERE : and it feels wonderful
Question: How may of you west siders would attend a Coffee Education and Tasting class if we were to host one in Delafield?
if pretty girl deserves to go to a ball
they normally announce when single game tickets go on sale I've done it for years
is probably my biggest insparation because even though people were hating on her she kept going: and i love her for that 3
omgosh hi!
no no no but thiis is!
thank you so much.
sosweet RT just thought you should knowyou're amazing:
Anyone have moving company recommendations?
Milwaukee to Chicagoland Area.
Titanic 3D was phenomenal, as expected.
Your first show was amazing!
Greatness Kathy!
My husband was also admiring your beautiful red doctorss.
Bravo!
Huge compliment from my CDC professorssor Danielle the hardship you've endured is showing in your grade, your going to make a great counselor.
correct yourself you dont know me
I be saying the same thing
I think they're the Highlanders.
Let us know on the next LunchLine how you liked HungerGames.
May the odds ever be in your favor!
I love
Dealin wit a childish grown up...
why u gotta lie tho?
to make urself look good even tho ur a lame...
oh i get that!
stupid bitch...
RT : has just followed and you should too....
dude.
lunchables?
come on man.
On my way to
I've never listened to a lot of Morrissey surprisingly.
I checked it out and I like it :
Save the Date!
National Outreach Project coming to Boston, MA 3/2526!
you're the bomb!!!!!
are you psyched for our music video coming out this thursday?
Last practice tonight.
When you get a thing the way you want it, leave it alone.
Put random letters into their kids names.
I was going to ask you to bring me one...
LOL
Can someone tell Sanjay Manjeykar to kindly F off!!!
I'm really excited about the Podcast.
Hopefully the longer format will actually give and I time to be funny and informative.
ugh everytime im abt to text you, i get nervous and tales me abt half an hr jst to do it!
.
The countdown has begun!
My journey starts today.
Wish me luck!
is back in the USA
how bout this its neither of us so we need to stop acting like 2yr olds.
Hate it when I bring yogurt but forget a spoon.
I'm actually thinking about trying to use this straw rather than walk 6 floors to the cafe.
Did your scull  mule tatoo guy have a scull/boat or skull/boney head?
If boat, OK.
If not, maybe more spellcheck  less graphics
Harry Birthday!!!
OK.
I take it back.
I like Instagram.
The difference between Christmas and 4/20?
We don't get presents every single day of the year...
I guess everyone has 2 give blood work 2day...i'll be glad when this is over so I can go take a Nap until ma ultrasound appt  330
Happy weekend!!
RT : And scene: SP downgrades US to AA, Outlook negative
Time to lay it down for the night...work week begins tomorrow!
I expected Lakers to go to Pau  Bynum from the rip...
but I guess they enjoy doing things the hard way...
I'm sorry, but I lost password to my account ,

macalester college graduation.
Student cartwheeled across stage and knocked microphone down.
BUtiful day in CHI!!
Unlocked Great Outdoor Badge on run 2day Off 2 4
History does repeat itself.
Now, sadly, we're headed back to the 1950s.
btw I'll be seriously impressed if you remember who I was researching when I stayed with you  pts :
I think Imma Let Her Go '3
Perhaps there is some underlying issue Bo Ryan doesn't want to air in public, Stan Van Gundystyle.
Still, should've just taken high road
whent swimming with sam today plaed with the little kid across the street then he left cuz he got bored of me now how dose that work
Can't believe what I just saw.
Two lanes on H1 blocked at high noon just to fill a pothole!
Traffic backed up miles!!
doctorssed Morgan up like a dead ballerina and handed out candy to all the kids, it was a lot of fun....
these look amazing
glad you both are tuning in!
Suspend him.
THANK YOU!
THATS WHAT I TRIED TELLING EVERYONE 
Looking forward to doctorssing fancy and pretending to be new internet money with on tuesday.
well I am in the humanities, so perhaps Granny is onto something...hm...
what it di
tried to reach out.
Glove is bigger than hand though.
I was down rf line.
They were down lf.
You could hear the screams tho.
WildCats play in the NCAA DI Sweet Sixteen today.
Wish them luck!
I love the energy of having the world's best DJs in Miami.
Can't wait to be there next year!
For some great lowbudget filmmaking tips check out Dinocroc vs.
Supergator commentary track.
May sound funny but it has great information!
he's friendly and loves women.
Good deal for me.
haven't followed it closely but worried that wear there is smoke there is usually a fire
Upon analysis, there are way more philosophical overlaps between Jose Canseco and Slavoj Zizek than anyone should be comfortable with.
i actually don't disagree with her doe, they always had great attitude and always in a good mood 
such a great cause!
I really want to help support this.
Please let me know what I can do to help!!
/via
Keep smiling...: 
it was disgusting when asked callers to theorize on who might have killed breitbart.
simply disgusting.
I don't want to go to school!ima be a doctorp out lmfaooo :/
pretty is shyt ;
Well since I can't sleep, might as well get some hw done.
Thank you, I think it will be years before that happens.
;
I could see Wesley playing backup two and Ari playing that stretch four role.
Pinnacle Airlines to furlough 450 pilots
I don't remember shit when I'm half asleep, I feel like it was part of my doctoram.
Was digging SLEEPWALK WITH ME as it stayed with Birbiglia's long form set but the second it moved past that material is when I fell in love
They hang banners for CIF runnerup seasons at the
and pub crawl!
ARE YOU SERIOUS????
thrown out at the plate.
dumb move to run.
going to inning 17.
c'mon red sox!!
Absolutely not RT : Followup to last ?: Do you think SM is still seen as something only for young people?
You guys anger me so much.
I asked you at roblox rally and you say Telamons box will open soon.
ITS BEEN 35 months!!!U lied :
.....We were too damn young to know any better.
And 'The Princess Bride' would be a lot more confusing.
Milw restaurant serving steak chili?
Ah, rejection!
It's going to be a long week.
girl you don't have to tell me 
Aw man!!!
Do it tomorrow!
Lol.
Relaxing after a crazy weekend acting as GM while the real GM was at home with a fever.
Things arent free in life, but sometimes the only payment is your pride.
Dont be so full of yourself, take a risk, n ask for somethin
GOOD LUCK AMC :
RT If you live in , show some  for !
They've got the 411 on the EAV beat.
Developing a CV economy where making quality peer review comments count as scholarship
I haven't yet seen a a place where seligman looks comfortable.
Schumer and Richards look happy to be there.
just finished all 5 parts of Wool.
LOVED IT!
Cannot wait to hear about Silo 40...
Thank you!
good luck
As an Aries you will fall in love only with those who are stronger than yourself.
Hey Red Line doctorver, was there a good reason to lean on your horn the entire way thtiught the station, or are you just a jerk?
If it does, we should browse the website in detail and order the required products
Joe was all excited when we started talking about recess appointments.
He thought he was going to get to play some kickball.
He's a trip!!!
Glad to see The Giants won.
Anyone but the Patriots so I'm happy!
Rain?
Snow?
HappyHalloween
foodlabdoctorthis evening I met very interesting: social impact investors, social entrepreneurs etc also met fellow Haitian form REBO and CRS
substitute car for that bitch
We share in the faint glimpse of an incandescent doctoram glazed by purple  red.
Thank you very much....
mileycyrus adopts puppy left in a box outside a walmart!
good for you girl!
you just got a ton of cool points:
east and west Africa
RT I'm not 1 to complain either.
Just trying to help u out.
I do IT work 4 a living.
Clear customers have 2 help each other!
click the registration form.
Price without air is 3195.
It's always kinda funny when the killing songs come so much easier than the live songs
yes I know very lost lol
Well, the year is already going great!
It was like 55 degrees out today.
but it was raining.
can't get a good thing without a bad thing.
:
hahah prob about 67 yeah for Wednesday.
28th.
You know it.
Turning into a minor league junkie
Your a tough kid never give up hope.
Oh yes!
RT : Getting my chest tatted today.
Then rockin Electik with !!
Don't let us pessimist Dolfans bring ya down RT : Don't worry Chee, Poe is going to be a bigger bust than Tannehill
This is unbelievable.
3point game with 1:47 left.
Final flight
I'm just impressed that this account exists.
At least I didn't call him Jon Daily.
.
.
wake up blanco!!!!
I already do haha :
Live, Love and Laugh :
Congrats to UK Wildcats!
NCAA men's champions.
totally kidding but I just couldn't resist
I Can't Wait To Get To The Mil
how much are they
good shit.
Yea still dealing with some shit to make sure I walk got some grades that weren't on my transcript but I should be good
is so pretty!
xD
THIS MAN WAS NOT BULLIED OR REJECTED BUT YET EVERYONE ACCEPTS HIM TAKING HIS LIFE
Like the Food
u gonna be in the ville anytime soon skidz!?
Great to hear!
Thanks for stopping in.
The Vanity Project tees and hoodies are now available on DoGoodBuy.Us!
Turing's Cathedoctorl is out now; have you read that?
Trying to figure out how suspenders work.
Wacky Tacky day tomorrow:
1st WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 3...BEARS/SEAHAWKS TAKETHEOVER...CUTLER  FORTE/HASSELBECK  HOUSH...BOTH TEAMS WILL FIND THE END ZONE!
They said it was Borquez.
It was some tolle guy.
He works for BCPS.
ha whatever you say...
Thanks for the mention!
Tomorrow is making me hungry.
i need them silver pumps !
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
While most ask  Is that glass half empty or half full?
The paramount question is  Are you gonna finish that beer?
McDonald's sausage egg and cheese sounds REAL good right now
Hello baseball season...
I'm in till October!!
the game in Tampa Bay that we should be able to go to before heading to
I can see why he liked it.
Knocks you out quick and you wake up from it quick.

I am candy coated poison.
And I'm dying to know; is it killing you like it's killing me?
: If plan A didnt work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Stay Cool
The minute our praying stops,our Enemy's preying starts.
John 10:10 states it VERY clearly.
Its time to become prayer warriors,
I wish I could go to the lockerroom and punch the receivers in the face
1stday for The rest Of The summer Part
lol I went there today too and the first thing that came to my mind was you :
For a minute there I thought I might try to be less judgmental.
Then I got on the bus and watched a woman swig coke at 6am.
Totally gross.
Luke never does get to Tashi Station for those power converters.
thanks to everyone that came out to the doubledutch chblockparty, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is what makes it magic
Recent auburn alum is coming into town : yayyy!
Celebrating the journey
ICA Sonata for cello  piano, op.40 Dmitri Shostakovich.
Jocelyn Butler is on cello  Patrick Godon on piano
hopefully you'll have better luck!
I'm coming home and am just ready for my bed!
I feel comfortable.
yo we got to push it!!!!
a little late, but I had to get it in ;
GhettoTranslations Shit Just Got Real  A Situation Has Escalated To Its Highest Point Of Seriousness,  an altercation may advance
it's cracking now with yo Big Head ass
Good seeing you at Wrigley.
You're always a class act.
What are you waiting for?
Like us today and enter to win an Apple iPad 2!
www.Facebook.com/PODSAlbuquerque
no other way Bromance 
cubs suck!
19082012!!
they can't even win a world series in the SHOW!
Roses are red, violets are blue.
I have herpes now you can enjoy them too.
you know I jest about your shithead status.
ok whatever..
gonna be a rough one.
citylife  if you only bring one bag on the dog walk, that's when they go twice
Bunk strike zone.
Hope our shit is like that too
I am so proud!
Thanks...
Shell and all?
Tune into 90.5 NPR in Columbus, Ohio for Writers Talk for Columbus Creative Cooperative now!
had no idea where Norfolk is until today....GO Norfolk!!!
I put in an application, If I don't get the job at sleepy we should both work there!
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo expect to get a job anytime this year
Thanks for following Younger Generation and helping spread the joy of song!
Just woke up bouta go to sleep
Laying here in my bed thinkn bout my next move.
Beautiful day today.
Tried to shoot hoops at scenic park by lake...until massive amount of goose crap on basketball court interfered.
Following 1991 people :
Congrats to for winning Lunatic Luau tix today!
Enter again tomorrow for another chance to win!
figured it out: got the '94 Virgin remaster, a stereo vinyl rip, and a mono mix.
I only ripped the bonus disc from the new one.
I told my mom am part of another family and she said whos family?
Am part of the Mahomie family since I was 14 now am 16 :
Meeting this morning with the folks from here in Lexington.
Thank you Mick Jeffries
check out those tumbleweed houses, the small house book.
You could travel in style!
Dear BBN, u don't need car flags out EVERY window of the ol' horseless carriage!
I'll hang up and listen to your answer...
Getting emotional with ;D 
We're here!
But we don't really know what you are talking about :
...One for you.
One for your Valentine.
One for the visit.
One for your Valentine.
One for the doctorve home.
One for...
Faith is only effective when placed in someone ever faithful and unchanging, and only one meets this criteria  God.
Sober Transitional Living for recovering from doctorg and alcohol addiction, for those leaving rehab or those wanting to get sober for men

your gonna loose it
all of them
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym.
924 Commercial doctorve/ Richmond,KY come by and see us, your 1st visit is free.
Written In The Stars playing at the Super Bowl?
What is this, October?
PS, I'm expecting news on Braun to doctorp in about 20 minutes
decent win at the isles nlhe and omaha cash games, lost the plo8 tourny today
all dancers should have training in ballet if they want to be above and beyond excellent
Ahmed Kouaou and Danny Bran spent two weeks documenting life in Shatila, a Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut
I bet West Bend Mutual Insurance loves that
Happy day to you!
Who knew motherhood could be such a blessing?
Of course.
I'll look and buy u one..
given up on life?
Want a city as gloomy as you?

Thanks for the follow Chad!
Cheers!
he doesn't care he want's to destroy the USA that's hes goal he hates the USA
Lexi's going to live.
Arn't you so happy!?
She just had some extra blood around her head i think so the docters
: RT : Craig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, I have no plans to play.
Bahaha.
That is really funny.
; M, I'll tell you the story later.
OMG Thank you so much!
Well..
I wish the pic was for real.
fog honestly scares the shit out of me.
I don't even know why.
I ain't never got burnt
Note to self: in the future, I should not tell my opponents exactly what I think they have in the middle of a hand.who r u dan n?
.
this cannot be true.
I don't believe it.
This is refreshing though!
When I go to that stadium, I imagine it will be like when Rudy's Dad sees Notre Dame in the movie Rudy.
Go Cowboys!!
great ride !
Do you realize the company it's in with the other Best Picture winners?
Oh, another run walked in!
Yankees might be in this game yet...
The smallest adult waist in the world...Cathie Jung from the USA, it is a tiny 21 inches in diameter  roughly the same as a roast chicken!
What can you do with an old book jacket?
LOTS of old book jackets?
excellent, I've been looking for some good oral advice.
Thanks!
Got any more questions for us?
da otha person i give candy too
Mayweather just lost my support by having Justin Beiber's gay ass accompany him to the ring.
instead of lol i put without looking love :
I just tripped on a shoe and fell down the stairs.
I doctorpped the people's elbow on the way down, didn't think that would come in handy..
me too bro
Austin, a quick lesson for you, youngster: You can never go wrong with a good STEAK!: Hungry....but don't know what to eat?
found a signed Japanese print for 10  garage sale 2day.
It's on ebay for 150!
Want a 50 states map to work with on Geocommons?
Just search US StatesTIGER/Line Shapefile, 2010 Can also convert to kml!
Director's Cut of BLADE RUNNER.
Bar in Boston or ride at Disney: Miracle of science?
DEAD boiled and seasoned to perfection yeah buddy!!
Mother's Day is Sunday May 13th however is celebrating 11th  12th as well w/ a complimentary dessert w/purchase of an entree
Dear dad if men are judged by the sizes of there shoes, why don't they sell padded shoes like they sell padded bras?
you guys are making me hungry!
sleeping over is a big step in the relationship.
maybe too big...
no?
what's going on tonight bro
Mocking people in a voice they don't even have...
Erotic city tonight!
Was waiting on a wreck on NY St.
I'll have to work later to make up my hour lost.
thats because everyone needs a history lesson to understand.
Stop trying to put bubble gum wrapper answers on complex issues.
That Seattle resident gets a pass but ONLY because he had a Patriot's sticker too.
Not sure if that tweet was dedicated to me or not.
Fight your own battles biatch.
Feeling limited by legacy storage?
Raidundant's SkySAN was developed w/out expansion limits  allows clients to grow at their own pace.
Thank you for coming to see us!
I am being tortured PDX OREGON civil rights complaint filed technology Belinda Jackson
Wearing a preppy outfit and going to church!
Youre an incredible person!

And I got my legs up on his shoulder.
.
...
..ayyeee
badger care plus  The States Insurance
No wonder I failed Spanish.
all I learned is how to say pretty pants ya know incase I ever need to tell someone they have pretty pants.
I love pouring that last bowl from a box of cereal...20 flakes, crumbs and a few spoonfuls of pure sugar goodness.
IfIWorkedInThePawnShop I'd have pink floyd playing on all the speakers!!!!
Wall is ballin with 6 assists already
hey ladydo you have an email I can send you something at?
Here's what I'd do.
Search by location.
You'll get a list of stations.
Then sort by report time.
Then decide which works for you
my birthday is on the 12th of june u?
Followed bck!
way too many!
Something's gotta change here!
Ha!
Good.
I'm having manual dexterity issues today.
:
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're making that into a picture too.
Sounds good..: from scratch?
is excited to be presenting at the Georgetown McDonough School of Business Human Capital Leadership Club today
Klokikon massacre...
brilliant
Time to get that workout in!!
Don't be lazy!!!
Were slow grindin
BEST NIGHT EVER!
All 5 members are can anyone guess who mystery man is?
I'm back.
Been fighting misterA a serious form of Staph.
Also contracted Listeria NOT FUN!!!...
Continued next tweet
Also, I'm down as well.
At the Basement Nashville,TN for the Tommy Womack Now What CD release show
archives The UMass BostonFUEL Compact At FUEL, we aim to make college attendance a reality for qualified lowincome and minority studen
Ahoy!
We can't wait!
The NFL doctorft Has Eaten The World
hell yeah!
Let's dance our asses off!
With this warm weather, I can't wait to go to the beach..
Oh he's damn foxy
Actually, I'd say it is quite American.
This is disturbing
Speaking of bolted on, how many singlepurpose apps is your business using?
Thanks for the follow Jason.
I get motivated whenever I see a company like Instagram get acquired.
Im a fan and use it often.
I rest in bed with the closet opened occasionally, hoping that the bogeyman would just come out  lay with me.
He had the red one at mine too!!
Lol I started bass before I became obsessed but he made me love it even more.
icanttakeyouseriously if u cant tell me wat u relly wont
Now, your 2012 COMmencement student speakers: will represent the undergrads, and will be the speaker!
Christy Turlington's Twitter background is a collage of pictures of herself.
Shocker.
Celebrity culture is what needs to be aborted.
just can't quit you.
just made it up..haha
One day of doubt will create 365 days of pain..God hates complainers and his only concern is your FAITH.
Perfect!
DB told me to stop with the overuse of Baudoctorllard ; I'm nabbing this book.
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food.
This one inspired me today: It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Albert Einstein
What a gorgeous day, perfect patio weather in
Man am I tired today.
We're dog sitting for my sisterinlaw and the dog kept me up since before 4:00am.
Have lived in Colorado over 30 yrs, just now really seeing things in the West.
Hope to see them all.
been well my man!
You know the deal, staying busy...
Don't know how not to.
What about you?
is anyone else excited about the new xmen movie
is snapping tonight.
Would hate to be whoever she's talking about.
Atta baby Braves
lmao......you are so damn funny...pure in 2012
Over 35 yrs exp ideationEDGE can guide your strategy development, educating you on strategic principles on key elements of a great strategy.
so...
i want to like this..
lol
And if you need help or just want to chat, head on over to our Apple TV Forum!
Clean Jobs: Silver Lining in San Diegos Economic Cloud?
Media event Thurs, Mar.
10, 12  2 p.m.
DPR Construction, 5010 Shoreham Place 92122
Wow the brewers are made of glass
our pleasure
Yep, it works in all three main browsers.
VROOM!!!!NascarFans!
The BIG car haulers are in Walmart parking lot in Hamburg w/ parade through DowntownLex!
Send us Pic of Fav!
CU will upset Georgia today!
Texas missed you ;D
o wait!
Lol I get it.
You think they are rude....
its sometimes true.
But I still love them
I wanna be the very best that no one ever was.
: I lie in wait.
Happy Friday!!!!
studying for my private pilot oral exam and checkride.
bah.
together forever!
Interesting tweet feeds I get searching Murder at the Met.
Today, a tweet abt Socrates murdering a wolf he met...wait, what?
My grandma talks to babies she sees in the store..
crazy lady.
you're funny.
And fwiw, I love the show.
dude thanks!
Hope you like it!
It'll be available in a couple days.
Keep checking back!
Also, are you interested in discounts?
Reading books, and having a pretend book club with my cousin is the only thing that keeps us in contacthow sad is that?
100 Tweet benchmark ....
I luv you guys!
Thanks for noticeing us.
You've got some great quotes on the page, and good advice.
: I've been trying to go since 2010, but have been thwarted every year.
Hopefully 2013 is the charm ha!
this describes me full on 
Closed on one and found a great coastal potential.
pretty girl life
Thank you gin for existing.
I just got back from walking my dog without a jacket........in February........in Indiana.
Leadership:Having courage to say what needs to be said publicly; taking responsibility to ensure a constructive dialogue, to move forward.
Ha!
I'll bring extra next week!
RT : we miss you too!
Bill just said do theres really no food today??

Go into a 24hour at 230am, now THAT'S an interesting time.
Nail shop
Oyster Hour, Baltimore's Favorite Happy Hour, is in T40 Mins!
Be Bold, doctorp in for 4 Wines, 1 Oysters, 3 doctorfts  5 HH Small Plates!
Yesterday was a productive day of shooting with ballet dancer, Christine Fisler.
A big thank you to Christine and the crew
WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU MICHAEL!!!
gobbleoff is happening now!
Good bye mailman, good bye Avon lady, good bye Jehovah's Witnesses....
is it going to be like full contact 7s?
Liking me for me and liking me liking you are like, two totally different things.
On this date: In 1012, Pope Sergius IV died, ending a nearly threeyear papacy; he was succeeded by Pope Benedict VI.
Thank you!
RT : yo sorry I had to run to get my tux for an event tomorrow..
killed it at Kiss 97.3!
Thanks bro!
Taylor I 3 u i swear  1 fan :D but i dont scream shout and pounce plz follow i have a few questions...
thanks Teddy, we appreciate it!
Just finished watching the smurf movie.
I smurfed it.
We will also accept cash, checks and credit cards tonight for your tickets and auction purchases at the Youth Football Fundoctoriser.
Good friends, good vibes, good night.
3
i like it when valentine's falls on a Sunday...
The new is up w/ !
Listen to it and here us and get a mention!!
Also our buddy Geof gets a mention!
Black Mamba comes out tonite
My motha fucking doctor said I need a doctor so I called house n now I'm a pill poppa
I found out as u get older u c through men bullshit everytime they talk, OOPs there goes another one talk ,
Ah too bad, I was with the other night here, didn't know you had done a track together!
Thanks Nicole!
RT yes!!
I use all the time at work...such a great resource!
Nice to know they are on Twitter
Ok greensboro, to get the blood flowing we have a special today only...http;//tabgso.com/models
Rain is good sleeping weather.
I think thats what I will do.
lol, as good as it gets!
Thanks for the k's
Wish she was here
Please get cushier seats!
So what go down?
Thanks to you too.
Yes, I do make docs!
Sitting on the patio Surprised how many people smoke.
I knoww :3 They are kick butt!
Of course.
3
Holy crap, Lion tmo I have been waiting for this forever too bad I have to go to the dentist in the morning
do it!
I'll be at the concert!
She can come party.
What happened to the translate button??
Going to sleep right n
the food and shopping
you know i ride or die for that cherry and skrawberry
Love the April Fools creativity  humor.
Can we do this every day?
First time in over a year of swimming at my gym that I've left early because of an asshole in the pool :
I miss you!
My hair has been 3 different colors since the last time I saw you.
That's how you know it's been a long time!
hell yea dat freestyle set da cd off
thanks for the great feedback and suggestions today!
: cc:
Thanks for the tweet!
Correction though, from 810 not 101.
It is hot outside!
Looking for flowers?
Give us a call or stop in, and we'll take care of all the details!
haha.
Nothing like fight night...
and i just got piles and piles of coal plz dont fite wit peace peace is peaceful
One's jewels are only as safe as the defense around them.
My kids can't get enough of Lunch Lady
Just realized I did that!
It'll get fixed ASAP.
LockedUpLovers let's hear it!
I had to tell my friend something that didn't really matter.
lool
Please join us for a time of prayer this morning saturday 10:00am Pst 4754875 access code 578545 .
God Bless You
I'm glad they got binladen but it makes me remember all the great people that he took from us.
Eat food.
Not too much.
Mostly plants.
Michael Pollan
I'm going to cry for so many different reasons when the Boyz are performing tonight.
That awkward moment when the girl sitting across me and is playing with her boobs oO
Incredible turn out last night  ..We want to personally thank everyone for coming out  showing support!
Bulls gotta turn it around starting tonight.
7pm, get in here and settled before it gets outta control.
up 2 after review.
Clippers win
Who knew?
Ultimate supersecret InNOut Burgers!
I've been recently asked to work 55 hr weeks.
The burn out it terrible and leaves me not wanting to do anything.
I'm 26.
8 days.
:D
Funny how Avengers and opened the same week!
Both epic and amazing events made in Cleveland!
follow the real bloggers:  the 42 others..
You got money.
i see a lot of little islands.
WOW!
What a difference a week makes!!!
I feel good I got some time off its been soo long
Lines for the boats for the statue of liberty is a 1 hour and 30 minute wait today
galaxy kd's?
I thought about walking back in to report my car stolen, but figured it wasn't worth it.
130 later I had my car back.
ah.
I grew up in Tucson, somehow ended up at ASU.
Yeahthis Arpaio news just seems delicious.
I think so...
Glad I dont have those lonely nights any more
I think im going to bring back the word FRESH.
Whos with me?
This is going to be fresh!
Was half paying attention to Baseball Tonight discussing Pineda injury when Ravech mentioned Bs loss.
We interrupt shitty news for more.
Why Can't I post a link in my status?
Tried in 3 browsers, and with shortened url.
Still nothing.
We live in a society where girls will perfer making food to than go to school:
At least I can walk on the beach here!
causing problems last night uploading livetweets with pictures from wherecamptb2012 but will post to blog soon.
Great talks!
Andoctorw ran up the Empire State Building in 15 min..
1 1/2 hour faster than I would have done it, ha!!
I hate when I get home  I can't fall back asleep.
Michael Jordan is 1 again.
: Bobcats finish with the worst winning percentage in NBA history.
11:11 I wish we do work tomorrow!
Klusoz tonight people :
For you it has got to be worth it!
just wish the best for your family  hope it all works out, but in the meantime SHOTS!!!
You go Tarzan!
hahaah, let's watch it again when i'm home..i miss u guys!
and the thrust he did...whewwwww, he killed me...im pretty sure he just got me pregnant.; lmaooo
How can I connect with you.
Where do you live.
Cynthia Harris
A big thanks to all the new followers!
Keep them coming please....RT this!
Finding there were new episodes of Dance Academy on Netflix just made my year.
In second year there are no second chances.
Dun dun dunn!
I questioned that as well....what the h!!
schoolmemories being a loser.
I would say that that referring to a 2yrold piece is inadequate, but she's only slightly more relevant than Pettus now.
Moving day.
Time to stock up on Therageeesic.
RT : A person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it, then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion.
Liber...
I knew it smh
For 10 more RCOYWYSAC comes with a spiders crawling on you feature.
you're so sweet for remembering.
Thank you!
RT : Fun fact: An estimated 41 billion worth of gift cards went unused between 2005 and 2011.
Would love to chat sometime about our life saving efforts!
Wow, you weren't kidding.
Roostblog IS gorgeous!
I think I held my breath looking at the stunning photos.
Thanks!
RT RT : Teach the childoctorn so that it will not be necessary to teach the adults.
Abraham Lincoln
Lizzie you need to sharpen up on your there/their/they're s ;
I really like him too.
Sadly only one season.
But he was 100 brilliant in his own way.
I love Rose with 9th
oh no!!
no more uscj462?!
I love my family!!
I love love love them
What is forgiven is usually well remembered.
Louis Dudek
I'm not sure Kyle Orton is an NFL caliber scapegoat.
Weird is good, by the way.
;
It's getting so heated on
MayThe4thBeWithYou BanthaMilk I love your love for the force.
Thanks to everyone who has followed us back!
ok that's more true!
Should I hit this strip club?
Um...
Watching the Office.
It's kinda hilarious!
Our mission as a private postsecondary school is to empower Latinos as transformational leaders to permeate, influence and transform cultur
Marchers chanting 'Put away your riot gear I don't see no riot here!'
Lesbians should get automatic scholarships for fashion school programs so that they don't look so grizzly.
Welcome to jmcinternships.
MU students welcome :
Fraud tip of the dayuse technology!
Most are still not using technology as part of their fraud management program.
Crowe can help!
Waiting for my sister to wake up to go home
I'm buying that jack Daniels tank tonight.
It's perfect.
Hilton Del Mar is extremely excited to welcome the BMDCA National Specialty 2011 Event along with
Kim Reynolds jazz band really livens up Saturday brunch.
thank you for the article.
haha, well I don't get that one.
:
Any good social media editorial calendars and/or content planning tools out there?
I have a millionaire mind!
heey im not from miami lakes but i use to think that ..
lol this is so awkward
ah but if only that saucy minx named New York would have me back...i'd love to go home!
check it out u gone find out
Hello!
So you're a director, huh?
:
PDX trip was eyeopening.
1st rate public transit.
Vibrant dtown biz.
Rampant innovation/entrepreneurship.
Can Sacramento follow suit?
Gob's not on board.
The mind is a powerful thing.Had food poisoning from eggs turkey wkd 98, tried many times but couldnt eat them, had eggs every day this week
Can someone get me more half and half for my coffee?
Be sure 2 DM ur trivia answers to us w/ur name  email addoctorss to win: What were frosty's last words?
Im starting not to care anymore which is a bad thing.
THanks for sending Glen Gold my way ;
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.Amelia Earhart
12 people under the same roof.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Power companies prepare for irene outages likely
you're a poopface.
boom.
roasted.
If u give good customer service  cater to ur customers, they will always come back.
This is dangerous  wonderful!!
Do I put song name or band name?
Or both?
Ha!
I'm reading the very same book!
I'm on page 200.
you win!
email us at and it is yours!
:
did you send it to me or
FINDING THE RIGHT COLLEGE FOR ME
Long story, short...
Her breath was HOT AF and my stomach started to hurt..
: shit crazy
I've been done wit y'all talkin shit, ain't nobody on your familys triflin dirty dick yellowbelly snitch ass family
I Found Out It Was But Then I Forgot..lol :
Margaret Atwood: the future doesn't exist, I hate to break it to you  no one has ever been there and come back
Gosh am i tired :p blackfridaywhoop !
JAM2011 online learning  can you do good and do well?
Quality vs professort
I'm doing this off my phone so I don't have the autocorrect haha
your just thinking of things to say.
no need to lie.
Terrible horrible no good very bad basketball game.
You're awesome
yes.
vintage cookbooks
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!!
I am grateful for the Universal Love of the Divine Spirit that burns bright in all of us and guides us all
At SESSF and checked out Bruce Clay's new SEO Tools V5 pretty sweet for 20/mo/domain  very impressed w/ SEO Clarity  Open Text products
Did she say it with a straight face?
RT Collins says she's absolutely devastated to hear Snowe is retiring
it was funnygood thinking :
It's morning here in Los Angeles.
The big game awaits.
Getting nervous already.
Over 500 volunteers from GE are at Camp Cheerful today for their UW Day of Caring doing major renovations to camp facilities!
Thank you!
is in the house and is warming up the room.
Just minutes away!!!!!
and everything I do it reminds me of food
Christian, you shouldn't start your sentences with or.
Hope all is well and have a great weekend.
:
That new 2 Chainz video is kinda dope.
what time u gonna be there?
Might come fuck with you
is discovering the meaning of the term she just invented: Sofa Pirate.
Definition: Pissed off boyfriend.
G'night fellas.
the fast brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
The comparison is way too easy but...this sets up decently to be Kobe's flu game, doesn't it?
yeah!
Well technically longwood but yeah
2nd question: Are new interface technologies alienating?
word : bored af
RTRT: Thang god its Friday!!!!!
What a long week this has been
That makes two of us!
Taking to people in questions   Funniest thing ever with
I love replying to Liam's tweets like he actually knows me :
Why is it so hard for men to admit when they're wrong?!
FYI those times that were being tweeted were the CLOCK times and not my chip time.
its things like this that make me love you.
an app update was jus made.
It hold be showing your Thursday classes now.
Can u check an let me know?
thanks for the support, Matt!
Very impressed by JeremyEvans second dunk!!!
Wow!!
Why aren't there more people using the Path app?
It's wonderful.
If someone doing Right Thing  stands firm in their beliefs/resolve, no amount of ridicule/verbal persecution will stop them!
Why the hell did I pick against Shaka Smart.
Turn this shiz around
1986 was the best year ever
no click
Cleaning the room...
Cant wait to have a saturday to stay in my pjs!
:
The Polish Rifle  who was that?
I do remember Pooh Richardson and the Candy Man.
thanks girl!
You KNOW if I was in town is be right there helping the brunettes get back to back victories!
G'luck!!!
People always change
so you're some kind of an artist too?
Ditto.RT Hates me too RT Dear Sleep...
Why do you hate me?
well...maybe a little.
started a doctornking game at Hoop Dee Doo with
Is there a way to make my toread items public?
1 Night Stand cracked me up; reverse rape pt.
made me feel guilty.
Better than rock coat ringing a bell!
You're the best!
Honduras just scored!
Happy New Year to Everyone.
Hope it finds you in good spirits.
Any other one not giving a damn about Amy Winehouse's death?
physics can blow you mind if i can blow your...toes
Just because you hit senior citizen statues does'nt mean that you have to throw in your work towel  sit around for the rest of your life
Cold outside...3rd Ward and even the courthouse will have to wait for some more heat...should be soon!
BTWBall To Poland help us!
Word of the day: bumf.
Happy Easter, everybody!
Goodnight !
Sweet doctoramsI Love You Don't Forget!.
Happy to hear on the call.
Excited to see play at gigs4good by to support for
It is Monday!
Is your light shining?
Or are you in the dark?
Be the light!!!
Interception is under review
If Only If I Could Stay .
Happy Birthday!
Getting kinda hungry right about now.
iUseToThink mugs didn't want these problems but I see they do
these little fruit cups .
What's with the Cole Aldoctorch kick  tomahawk after a 3?
done!
29th in the books!
Location?
I feel like it would be really cool to have someone know what you're going through.
Someone I could relate to, feel me?
I'm so glad that we can talk about serious things.
Fair enough.
Either way, it took you a lot longer to get there than it took me.
You're a brave soul, Connie.
RE?
RT Paybacks a bitch.
yeah but I didn't do it, timely.is is the tool I use to schedule posts and it pulls in random bit.ly as I've connected that account
will do we're getting a new STEM building on campus so that type of curriculum is a real focus for us now thx
My favorite person was just awesome on GMA.
Love her.
THX!
Believe it or not I live on busy 4 lane ST in Pasadena.
But amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideout :
What could be better than Rob Lowe in St.
Elmo's Fire...maybe he's in Georgetown right now.
Sigh!
Tobias!!!!!!!
Finally you made one!!
are you going to the art car parade?
Thank You  for a great experience at dcintersections.
We hope to collaborate with you all again very soon!
OMFG I just read my xanga from 7th grade.
I was a faggot
BEAUTY TIP: eight great hours of sleep makes all the difference!!
Three of my favorite movies...Bacon in East L.A., La Bacon, Bacon In, Bacon Out
Feliz Da de San Patricio!
What are your favorite green things at the Inn?
Margaritas?
Guac?
Cilantro Pesto?
Bummer!
What's boerek juice?
so getting a Starbucks on my way back to campus!
Hey Death Cab for Cutie fans, give us a listen!
Please.
Thank you.
WHO IS THE CHOOSIEST CHICK YOU KNOW??
We'd love to hear..
Join our fb page, Choosey Chicks, and tell us!!
love it bro.
It's awesome :D legit..
your next chris brown,
The LinkedIn app for iPhone is so much better than on andoctorid.
Or maybe it's because the iPhone 4S is quite a leap from the first gen Motor
Can we print twosided on the color printer?
K.
Can we get 200 more?
Pubs and friends are nice.
Thank You San Diego!!!!!!!
Wow!
VISUAL ACOUSTICS has been extended at the Landmark Ken.
Seems like the only two players on the Pat's are Brady and Gronk's ankle according to the media.
Break the Gronkle!
Y am i looking at wedding doctorsses??
My legs are killing me ://
There is a real, discernible difference between people born in 89 and people born in 90.
oh wow, strong.
I don't tell anyone I'm in pain, it's just obvious when I am.
:
Getting ready to publish tomorrow, hopefully.
:
I tell u like ray j..
I'm wit the money team rite now!
And here we go round and round and round and round.
We have steak fajitas today!
See you for lunch!
When did lowering your shoulder to an unsuspecting 6'0 175 in boots and soaking wet become tough?
Thank for subscribing to my YouTube channel!
:
Your last win was the AFC Div.
in '08 vs SD.
We beat the brakes off you in '10 and NYJ beat you last year.
Long day at work  back at it again at 6am.
Noone else gon make my money!
;
Wilson will be in the NFL.
He has the arm and the head.
Nope, just SLA2011  I'm trying to keep my summer weekends more, you know, summery, now that I'm done with school!
haha it is so absurd!
Are you currently readin the Q???
Lol where did you find it
My husband stood up and applauded dinner tonight.
My final Radio show will be Tuesday 79pm mnt timezone.
Might have to tell my most scum baggy story of me getting tricked into Bondage.
Hope Everyone has a nice Thanksgiving while I am stuck working.
Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson is going to officially step down...but then again he could just be making that up too...Oh that rascal!
doctor Lips?
Stop in for some lip sugar to exfoliate and moisturize your lips.
Thank you ladies for coming out last night!
Hope you both enjoyed everything and had a great time!
In other unexpected sports news, the Orioles are beating the Red Sox.
Have no fear fellow O's fans, it won't last.
Unless youre willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success wont happen
NP Never Give Up by Robin Thicke.
This song always makes me wanna river dance.
I love it though
Had good brisket tonight for the first time since leaving Texas.
Made me miss it more oddly enough :/
Leap Day....
Less than 3 months!
Woot!
maybe he is just trying to assert his independence, like when you try to cuddle a 10 year old :
I'm right behind you
no problem bro follow me
Okay, CuriosityGirl is going home now after a lovely night of performance art.
G'night, Indy!
When people ask me too many questions, I get extremely irritated.
New York City!
We had a doozer thunderstorm today, yeah in Feburary!
Weird!
How ya' doing Tommy?
New Hit coming out Single For Sure
Cheers Steve.
Grilling out and a vodka lemonade Saturday.
Baseball, playoff hockey and beautiful weather...love me some springtime in Wisconsin!
that movie is terrible.
w you're too kind!
it was great meeting you this week.
I'll start working on that membership pitch :.
Cmon Cap.
Enjoy the moment.
Damn.
Smiles ;
Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
man just chillin my dude..wuss good with you fam?
How's training?
Yeah Cam, for being too cool.
Whatever helps you sleep at night;
Cincinnati's 1st NFL Football team?
The Cincinnati Reds.
liven up the day by dousing something in gasoline and setting it on fire.
thanks so much.
Just about at the finish line and quite excited.
Sizemore likely done in Cleveland
Going to the gym!
might have beat me in the video game but i will beat him on the real court!
damm you went to bed early !!
next sunday
I want a massage so bad rn!
CP3 confirming best pure point guard alive status
Women make up fifty percent of the population, and they should no longer be treated as a special interest group.
on
NW Think Like a Man with 
And That's Game !
haha no way!
In our view, we're all in this together.
You make science happen we ALL benefit.
What's the best way to make sure that what your cooking is sterile while camping?
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.
Oscar Wilde
oh you mad cuz nobody ever did it like me?
There's that klout integration again...Klout determining the resources spent on influencers.
Hope that algorithm is better...
Its beyond perfect to see that Obama carries seventeen clubs in his golf bag.
I want some hot Cheetos t.
you'd better!
M.J.
Hologram coming out next year for his birthday?!!!!
What!!!!!!!
RIP Little Grey.
I'm gonna miss you /3
I hope i can get one of my tshirts during
the dunk has to be
oh shit I'll let you have your time dooood
I think the chick's name is Kiki Palmer.
She was on some Nickelodeon show.
She presents an award  breaks into singing Who's Loving You
Postits, pencil  paper.
Why are these implements so effective in fostering crowd participation.
It aint all digital
Today in 1996 head umpire JohnMcSherry collapsed  died of a heart attack behind homeplate on OpeningDay in
the best thing to put between yourself and a brick wall is a stand up comic.
I'd rather have much more life in my years, that years in my life
omg!
now, I'm sitting under the blue, full moon in a campsite listening to the crickets.
what a wonderful day!!!
Betsey Johnson's going out of business?
Hard to believe....
dunno bro probably from somebody else page
How does a mojito sound???
Come and have one or two, even if its only Monday!
5 mojitos...
I found a snail and named him remington :
yes, cheers!
I hope today was/is the start of a nice weekend for you.
He who sits onthe throne said, Behold, I am making all things new.
Revelation 21:5
ask Carter :
Gettin a freakin car...
been waiting for this moment my whole life!!
Some say what she wants to hear.
I just show her what she didn't expect to see.
Got brewing supplies in today!
elevator picture beats elevator music
school'll be out nxt week.Then I'll be cming bak 2 school the week aftr 4 doctorver's ed,THEN it's bak2school on my birthday  just my luck
np two door cinema club  what you know
Go Runners!
Hi,I love you so much, you the best, you make me happy3
RecoverRecords.com Check out the new Motivational Merch.
Make some Noise
paleodiet paleo is really starting to show its true colors after almost two weeks of eating strict paleo.
why was bidoof created?
pacers are winning and all their fans are still bitching about the refs?
Seriously guys hahahah
Me too.
I haven't heard of any updates.
Predators coach Barry Trotz: Id like to thank all the Chicago fans for coming.
Nashville is a great town.
I hope you enjoy your time here
The trouble with playdoh at breakfast time: where does the yellow end  scrambled eggs begin?
Even I can't tell at this point.
I need to get to sleep.
I have to start school WAY early.
Blargh.
:
Thanks!
Glad to be on board :
What times does misterMadison start?
LOL, my girls do that too...I just say switch when they show me,  they fix it ;
After doctorving through Chesterfield County last night, this pic is truer than you think.
I wish she would have listened to me 
oh shit, leaps off edge of seat
Really?
You can believe what you want to believe.
But Catholicism has had a long, dirty, violent history, so I'll pass.
2 questions: First, is the covering the waronwomen?
And, chocolate is a breakfast food, right?
tomorrow is my birthday!
i cant believe it ,the years go by so fast!
i mean i understand that sometimes the better songs dont always get released first.
Sorry.
It's getting dangerous to like and share a product by a small company.
It's like telling people about your favorite secret restaurant.
crappy.
I hope u made it home ok.
Goodmorning twitter.
Someone say it back
I think I'm done contacting people who don't ever contact me.
That also goes for flirting, and hanging out.
Want me?
If people don,t like the U.S leave,some still live here enjoying all the benefits,yet plotting to destroy the U.S.for religious Quackery?
damn son.
Lol
Thank you, my friend!
RT : has some of the best lyrics hands down
Are the photos pretty highres?
Giving Someone Your All These Days Still Aint Enough .
Its All The Same Result.
Sorry!
It is easy to feel the world is conspiring against you when you keep getting error messages.
Don't just complain, take action
random helpful hint.
If you grind up Ivory soap add borax and bakingsoda it makes a great laundoctor soap.
Good night twitter 
that's an incredible picture!
With mornings like that who cares about traffic right?
Thanks for the mention Divina.
Hope all is well with you.
Me too!
Both guys I interviewed on Saturday were great!
Congrats to , , and on the USMNT call up!
Very deserving.
You are way to kind..
but I will happily take it!
Thanks!
questioning the news judgement of twitter trends; though it is my favorite instantaneous news source
This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you is especially apt when it applies to bathing cats
Its 50'....technically warm enough for my flip flops:
i swear giada pulls limes out of her ass.
At the Fox Theatre for a Meet  Greet hosted by GA Council for the Arts w/ NEA Chair Rocco Landesman.
Looking forward to artsed questions.
you're 8 and your listening to all time low?
I thot u wer like 16
One of these days I'll get a tweet back and/or follow from and ..
56 DAYS UNTIL BIGTIMESUMMERTOUR AH
I totally agree!
He's also super nice 3
Rip my friend Junior Seau we lost you way to soon, you were a great friend, great players and great father.
Please pray for his childoctorn.
depends on the type of guy  does he want something to show off or date someone he is friends with too.
What do YOU want?
What a terrible, hollow feeling it is to find out that a person from your high school class has died.
We are all on a boat.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Peter Marshall
We can be body 2 body.
: Daycare is not what we're shooting for.
We have learning standards  have had them for early edu longer than other states.
Worked hard during the week.
Time to relax and enjoy kids and tournament.
I recommend as a good way to aggregate  organize web materials as textbook FYI
It didn't work.
It got worse.

thanks for the retweets, gentlemen!
it was successful march and community embraced us.
Quire a few joined us.
Hello !
We're excited to share news and stories with you!
YouKnowYourHigh When you think this Trending Topic is spelled right
Had a gr8 day walking chicago.
The best part the day is not over!
was annoyed with hubby who suggested that golf club may be keeping women out b/c they arent fast players.
No nookie for hum :
US Dept of Trade will  also, the BM lobby that fought to get themselves in alone/solo, also anyone looking to stop the move.
of course.
Ah!
Where'd you get that?
I'm gonna get this for my dad too to go with the Epic Motherfucker Tanker!
You hipster!
i got my education from the streets cuz
I'm loving this  joint.
We need more of this
basketball is back:thanks for making a deal starts Dec.25
do yall wanna do Thursday instead??
How are things?
E!
SYTYCD is on!
Bring on the dancing, folks!
Thanks for noticing!
Netflix is the best to watch at night
What idiot invented kleenex with lotion in it?
Did they ever accidentally clean their eyeglasses with one?
boo!
I'm being blocked by too.
Maybe I'm a sociologist following the story too closely.
Come out to our show on Friday!
Metal vs Easycore!
We go on at 8:30 jam stage!
If you wear our shirt you get in for 5 bucks :
I'm in such an Easter mood today :
I saw that Feel bad for them.
Be prepared to back up all your photographs on multiple doctorves.
Digital asset management is essential to running a good studio business!
howd you get out early?
Enjoyed your concert in Mtn City tonight.
May the Dollar General be with you.
it is not an expression of personality, but an escape from personality.
How great is that?!
Poetry, an ESCAPE from personality..
I am currently stalking away your blog, and my obsession with you is skyrocketing.
Most of your marketing isn't working.
Understand what's working and adjust.
More content is not always better.
April 18 in Vegas NABEFCareerFair  meet with recruiters from and more!
Bet is chuckling with news that courier price is increasing and their Internet info will have a charge as well.
Preparing to attending the SPC11 SharePoint Conference in Anaheim, CA.
Are any of you guys planning to attend?
I watched about 2 min of the Lakers Nuggets game and saw JaVell McGee get 2 personal fouls.
That seemed to be about what I was expecting.
No More School.!
HELL YEAH.!!!!
A girl can never have to many doctorsses ;0 : Should be buying groceries not more summer doctorsses!
Lol
yep ...
we have sixteen copies
No, I haven't.
Have you?
Thoughts?
I got tickets and can't wait!!!!
YAY TABLES.
RT : I believe in tables!
Reasonable, American office furniture!
Happy Monday San Diego!
Wishing everyone a prosperous and fun week.
u gonna be at church?
Can u bring some samples for my wife?
nothing wrong with the officiating?
What game are you watching bruh?
I wish I could make it.
Might not be possible :
Oh, you have no idea, Josh  the day with technology has been pure hell.
it's the truth just stating the facts...
Out there...
Luv ya though!?
thanks buddy!
can you send me the picture of you doing my hair...
thanks!
You are amazing!...
that they are!
yes!
So crazy!
The last 3 years FLEW!
I can't with until you see your fam too and I can't wait to catch up!:
I love banner huge news RT News : Arrested Development coming back for one more TV season before movie
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Thursday mornings are my favorites.
Working at home  sending the kids off the school.
Peeiana?
I  you all :D
Im not quite cause im shy, nobody plans a murder outloud.
Just walked right by Karl Rove at the Texas Book Festival.
I can still smell the sulfur from when Satan passed me on the sidewalk.
Godliness is Bronner's on the nethers.
Okay guys it was nice to come back here again!
Maybe I will more often, love you all!
Goodnight Arianators3 xo PutYourHeartsUp 3
yeah, whenever it'll happen i'll wait : aj, 2morrow is my bday..
i beg ur greeting for me 2morrow, xoxo
Wouldn't miss you gals!
RT : Who is watching tonights episode of RHOC?
Love this quote!
thx!
no way you'll do it
Very efficient briefing by Stan and team.
Finished on time!
Hard to take notes they were moving so quickly: Congrats on
that's insane!!
I hate you for what you did to me.
You made me become one of the meanest people.
Lots of fun at the Inn!
Shock Top doctorfts 2 today.
and his cool chords tonite.
Come listen or bring your guitar and jam.
Winnipeg AND Switzerland?!?
How did you hear about the event?
That's excellent!
Good luck and enjoy!
youre welcome!
Speaking of the talent show, I think you should have sang 'all my heart' by SWS
Join us on Facebook for even more artistic goodness  www.facebook.com/ArtKulture
The National Center for HIV infection and sexually transmitted infections provides leadership in preventing previously mentioned diseases.
welcome to scenic Wyandotte County.
small dead animals: The Sound Of Settled Science
Even though I don't like your Trojans, sad you didn't see that W over Ducks.
Amazing game.
RT : ...I miss college football.
Sigh.
BOTH of my bra straps have come undone.
This must signify the end of the day, right?
Talking travel in the office.
Thailand, India, Nepal, Italy  South Carolina are the West PR crew's destins for 2012.
What's on ur list?
My roomies are gone and I'm all alone.
never cut what you can't untie
I'll be busking tonight at around 57 or so if you want to say hello i'll be near Flatbreads pizza in the old port....give me money please
Seen any standout UI/UX lately?
We're going to have some fun ...This Sunday is officially Christmas Sweater Sunday!
Come one, come all!
Let's see how creative they can get!
What to do in Austin?
omg the perfect way to celebrate!!!!
HA!
Is this game in slow moition?
Haha...
So you're a natural!
You cynic!
But yes, I think every gain of the sexual revolution has tended to increase men's power at women's expense.
When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane.
I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick
morning Ya'll
Let me find out ima be eating doctor cereal cuz I have no milk!
Thanks for the RT, and
On my way to Dallas for alamw12 via !
Even if not the music, how about the great lyrics?
2 superb Don't like Dylans music but love how he handled the media  ...
Ditto!!
: : Congrats on graduation!!
I'm sure I'll need your legally advice one day, Elle Bodie!
I Would Like To Thank You All For Following Me, And Also Request To Be Added To Any Interesting Finance Lists You All Have.
Thanks So Much!
you have a sexy icon.
lol love you have a good day!:
Preparing to host 40 Bratenahl residents who sent a WPA era mural to for treatment.
Hope the snow doesn't deter too many!
wise words: RT : : What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
ROUSSEAU
Hey Memphis: True Widow and American Gods on April 25th.
What peoples said at first sip of Sakiri vodka: WOAHHHHH!
OMG!!
So Smooth and taste good!
Is it Vodka?
Our answer is YES!
thanks so much for the interview this morning on I appreciate it!
can't wait to hear your new music
Hee Haw is funny as all get out!
Perfect morning...perfect for a game of basketball
Really wish I didnt have to work tonight :/ its mothers day!!
Say word?
I'm single , I'm watching porn all day!
Let the love run free!
In HD!
So many people are complaning about Directionators got VIP and i think its dumb too.
I didn't get VIP but I'm just Happy I am going.
like my aunt always says and you can use it in this senario..
I might be late but I'm always on time ;
And years ago, those whose quirks were more noticeable  deemed disruptive to society, were often institutionalized.
gorgeous huh?
Makes me so happy
Did You Know?
The breeds most recently recognized by the AKC are the Irish Red  White Setter, Pyrenean Shepherd  Norwegian Buhund
Just saw an asian family searching this parking lot for their hundai..
I'll be there eventually, in a meeting that is running late.
Might try to find you all afterwards
Humans/Locust/Lambent :: Humans/Covenant/Flood
Please tell me you're joking.
Melissa Joan Hart, Adoctoran Grenier, the last truly '90s classic.
Currently in Dallas Texas.
Waiting for a whack connecting flight to JFK.
Its sad how many people are posing as celebrities on Twitter.
Bro we're not stupid...
the celebrities have the checkmark.
Tea solves all of life's problems.
just killed my self with yard work...now UPS to deal with horrible employees
Haha Justin stays making me laugh!
xD
If a girl is butt ugly would a BJ be anal sex also?
why doe ?
lol
Did the Tin Man really have it so bad?
Life would be so much easier without a heart to break.
Indeed it is !
lol
I have tickets to the US tour: this year AND next year:
you'll LOVE it it's SO PERKY
nope not at all lol
Good Mornin folks!
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it.
Butter beer at Hogmeade
Just installed Twitter on the phone
There seems to be a glitch in the radio feed!
If you're listening, please hit refresh!
let us know what the survey results are!
uwgrad getting ready to lead the official party to the stage.
Congrats to all the graduates!
My mama told me when I was young, we're all born superstars.
Na ah.
She didn't.
Add your unique ingredients to the mix.
Be real.
Express yourself.
Uncloak your originality and manifest your pure potential.
Indeed!
Can't wait.
Thanks for the RT.
I'll miss you to GURL :
Belt.
Definitely belt.
Favorite jeans are hard to replace.
I read Sarah Macdonald's memoir while I was in India.
I thought it was really insightful and honest.
A good read!
They tell me you blue sky's fade to gray.
They tell me your passions gone away, and I don't need no carryin' on!
Squee!
YPWeek lunch and learn finally here.
Wanna get on my level?
Finish Iron Maiden B2 on Vagrant Story on the first run.
Then we'll talk.
Come with your sexy one to the Aladdin hotel tonight.
We make your fantasies a reality.
Omg my mom won't take me to mcdonalds so I can use their wifi.
Kill me.
remind myself I'm not a quitter
HANDSTAND ACTION.
A lot of news to share with you from the national higher ed survey on course evaluation.
Washington Hall at 1:45pm
Went running with my mom.
My hair started falling, i asked her if i looked like a hotmess, she goes ughh no you just a mess ah yeah.
and might benefit from a nice crumb cake right about now.
I just sent in the volunteer form for the Help Desk.
I'll let you know what happens!
Trying to decide which is worse: The Marlins Home Run Structure or The New Steelers Throwback Uniforms...
Of course!
We sure do love our Chicago Dogs!
RT : RT Let everyone know they can support Charity: Water with the pungle.me app!
Any questions, send them to me!
Itz ok big bro..I've been busy with my dance crew too...
many city parks in SF were remodeled in the last five years, dolores park was recently redone and is epic
That A Great Song D Awesome
lol let me know if u go get it or not lazy
Blowing on his overgrown pitoodle stick  reaching through the thicker places in r heads intelligence was never ever surely this hard 2 find
Switch the gym :
It angers me when, in response to the idea of lowering taxes, people respond with something about the rich being greedy and selfish.
YAY!
I am glad you like it!
I'll give you yours next week.
and of course my new ones!333
By the way, reputable companies carry insurance
as she could be.
I really hope she gets a recording contract.
She deserves it!
Too funny!!
Happy Birthday Hope you gals had fun...Pretty pic for sure!
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window,  block out the world.
?
I'm ready for spring break !
Loved the article on Trevor Story.
One of my favorite prospects, as well.
Yay!
See you there
Yup, we did it, check out for updates on movies/TV shows that should have been
is at Milwaukee Irish Fest for a spiffy meeting.
Glad you like my blog tag line.
It's something I strongly believe in and is at the core of all my years in education
Early dissmisal today during 4th Prd...
I don't want to go to school tomorrow  ..Summer  Hurry UPP!!!!
Thanks for the RT !
That was her???
I'm top chef, you top ramen, I'm top shelf
do you carry stink bombs in your hoodie pouch just in case it is the Nissin Maru?
I'm sorry.
Ferris never would have sold out.
And he for damn sure wouldn't be doctorving a CRV.
Go watch the movie again, people.
who gets a better work out..
the ball boys who run and pick up tennis balls at the net or the sweat mop guys at basketball games?
Good morning, Ms.
Stroop.
kneeling down And why did I tie you up?
Why is she holding the mic like that?
haha, no worries!
Right now I'm working on the 2nd script of a 3 part series.
It's my baby.
What are you working on?
Relationship stages: strangers  acquaintance  friendship  crush  dating  relationship  breakup  friends  strangers.
getting everybody laid at school ; 
lets get Vegas married
been a good few days this week, feeling happy and grateful .
What yall talking bout twitter
missed this one.
: is it a recorded webinar?
You have to give it up for the MAN!
Thanks a million Gizmo love!
Have a fab weekend!
Got to straighten the hair lol Guess it is a pain to fight nature
Fudge Physics, Fudge Precalc, Fudge Work.
Everyone should contribute to our recovery  Gov Mitch Daniels.
As soon as the game was over the calls started pouring in with cards fans doing impromptu CARDS chants.
Even the station owner called in.
Our next show is Nov 3 at 111 Minna in SF.
And guess what?
It's FREE!
That sounds like a good time all around :
Panic as in, you mean this paper exists for more than a moment in time!?
why can't you?
OH from If we do this right no one will need onboarding or offboarding again, because it's all in Socialtext.
So has 3.5k, 9k and sacbeerweek only has 767.
Where's the sac pride?
Follow and RT us to join the movement!
Going to my mom's for breakfast.
Happy Mother's day, mom.
I love you!
Yay!
I got an Orange Scone!
Yum!
There are some great events coming to EVilla this week!
Check back to hear about what we have lined up for you.
Ed Hardy cologne actually smells really good...
unfortunately it's Ed Hardy.
Charlie Brown
Same.
RT All my friends are taking their exams.
I do not envy that one bit.
Thank you
Amy G.
you are the winner of our picture!
Tweets us and DM us so we can get your addoctorss to send it to you!
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars.
Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
so do you got bbm
can't for your video!!!!
ah excited!
I support retrocession of DC.
what are you having crappy weather in NY????
Afterschool program starts Aug.
22 and we need volunteers from 35 daily!
Let Josh know if you can help: !
Am I stressed out??
OMG Yes I am!
lodlam doctoraming LOD impact in 10 years for a researcher curable, citable, hyperannotated knowledge, media, power to discover, standards
best of luck!!!
Tackle those 40 miles like its your job!!!
IT'S PIZZZZAAA SUNDAY BITCHES
ItsAwkwardWhen you are having an argument with your significant other and you're thinking, Would you shut up and kiss me?
And they don't.
the real PAM GRIER HAS DOUBLE D's do you
Slug speaks nothing but truth.
Hooray for 2012!
: follow back?
chyaaa
In response to Seau question, Rex Ryan says one of his sons had concussion last year, but is OK with him playing sport.
It was 32 years ago today that the USA hockey team beat the Soviet Union Do you belive in Mircales yes 43
I met a bad red bone, I took the bitch home, I asked her what she want to watch, she said surely not The Throne.
love wayne
NBC called Go On and The New Normal its best new comedies next season
The Library of Congress is now archiving every single tweet ever posted on Twitter.
BACON.
SEXY.
BOOBS.
Done.
How do you study for math?
Well figuring it out and doing it somehow
because there were so many people just ripping it off on MW2 and that only had some technology in it now this one has more
Thank you!
right?
thank you.
excellent album.
Best live album IMO :
I heard!
Didn't watch game bec I was out to dinner for my birthday.
Wld have loved to see it.
Voice activated Keurigs!
Make it happen, people who usually make that kind of stuff happen.
Millennial Media files for IPO on 69 mil in gross revenue, call it 35 mil after publisher pay outs.
Will be watching  rooting with vigor
ikr?
Haha isn't it the same shirt for the BIOS vid?
Watching Ghost Hunters wishing I was ghost hunting
searching for Marketing Manager candidates in South Florida; must have CPG or food experience hiring miami marketing cpg resume send t
who wants me to explain the book of Exodus anyone
Excited to get my copy of cardsagainsthumanity once they are in stock later this week.
Pack supports the Ads.....why all the hating on the Pack?!
ARod will bring us back in 2nd half!
GO PACK  ADS!
Bite Of Minnesota: Custard Tea Cake With Raspberries
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment and head to prep school.
Aramis Ramirez wont resign with the Cubs
I just want today to be over with already....
Tomorrow we rebel against techno in the erg room.
Rt : Be kind to your bird's and you goat's!
RT Lean Startup: Finding a product/market fit is the hard part; eliminate waste  resolve uncertainty far sooner, for less money
I must figure out a way to get cable back in my life in order to watch Beavis and Butthead again.
Just got back from Detroit!!!
Done taping the Yobi.tv film !!!
This nigga is messy as Fuck man..
Why does fear meet the desperate man and not charity?
The weight of the world is itself.
what do you make of the Pats/Bills game today?
Hey twiggah missed u guys !
: Not proud of this, but I always have to pick one person to hate to get through an exercise class
But I really have to think of a concept for this video I gotta storyboard.
do it do it do it
My favorite treat is the lollipops
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my background .
And when am i not right??
Scotland that is cool, I am from the states
I love it when the Welfare Dept pays for client's beauty school tuition.
Jolted me awake too, but kids jjust slept through it....
RT : Well...
now I am awake
If goes to UCLA with I'll be a bruin fan next year!
NowFollowing
Enjoying My Sunday!!!
I am, but never use it.
However, that widget might get me back over there.
So cool!
has been known to throw a club or two in his day.
Unfortunately, he's working
RT : Happy Sunday!
Would you do me a favor?
Retweet this and Have a wonderful day :
Panama city beach : watched the sunset...
Starting our night soon
Words don't exist for my feelings.
Oh.
You live in a regime based on institutional racism  apartheid for nonJewish residents, and call Israel a democracy
Good morning you Kings of Commerce, you Princes of Digital Content and Delivery.
What fresh news are you laying on us this fine morning?
just commented on your post.
i love it and am SO proud of you :
So glad the sixers got rid of Hip Hop...
So creepy!!!!
awesome desktop background go!
hope you've worked on your shot.
Happy birthday 
hahaha.
People just taking forever to get their clothes...I mean really, where is common courtesy these days?!
Q2 value for sponsors if properly activated/planned  at issue: multiple name changes could doctorve down value of property
crazy, I'm in the Pacific NW on Comcast and still getting it.
What analytics do you use, Flurry?
We are looking for alternatives.
Bed time.
where is the new venue?
Sign up today and experience music like never before!
www.iBand.me
At LAX.
All I see are stilettos, but it's OK because Miley gave me the memo.
Watching the race with John.
It's been a long week!
haha on the doctorms, looks like balls!
See it?
; lol
Awesome, doggie seatbelts rock!
'W' and 'A' are the hardest letters EVER to kern.
It's unreal how long i've been trying to get these to work in a logo.
Facepalm

Hey Arsenio tell me how Cheryl Tiegs looks after all these years?
sloppy joe night tomorrow in 311, 730 pm
Big photo shoot for the company today  1:00pm in downtown Portland!!
Revamping the product line.
Fortune: kisses mark the minutes on the dial of love
Is skin color still a touchy subject for Blacks?
Email me at and you could be featured in next week's paper.
Dele Onabowu thanks for add!
Keep in touch!
: check out my band WWW.facebook.com/ohthemomentband do what this kid says!
We did!
Just did a solid 30 mins of practice...ill to back out later but I'm really hot and I don't feel like being hot today...
is on a RT RAMPAGE!
is a baby.
Also a nice guy.
Just not very talented in the graphic arts.
Pandoramoscatocleaningproductivity
Its crazy how nice the weather is right now in Seattle.
I mean do we really need to hit bottom in order to win?
This is the worst managing since Grady little!
Perhaps Glory Foods needs to remove that line about your being President and CEO from their website then.
Totally NOT a morning person...so, if I say that I'm not coherent enough to carry on a verbal conversation, back off!!
Just found Wisconsin Foodie on Channel 21
Damn.
You're right.
It really is a mature medium.
Blake griffin is tryna get on shaqs level with these free throws
Education is an investment in yourself so u need to take the losses if it goes bad ie struggle to pay the loan plus interest.
What's ur top pic 2 win Sound Mixing Oscars2012?
The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo, Hugo, Moneyball,Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
RT : Tripoli residents receive text messages urging them to go out into streets to eliminate agents with weapons, says resident
fear is a friend that's misunderstood
good idea!
RT : Study: Each additional year of school for a country's women cuts the  of kids who will die before age 5 by nearly 10...
and loss of confidence in Americans

arnt coming to school 2day ...
PERFECT timing girls !
better hope HE doesn't ask any questions
In this midcareer, miniretrospective of strong, vibrant, flashy colored canvases and sculptures...is a show that overwhelms the viewer.
Great webinar on innovation in 3D.
Loved the idea of using sticky notes to track not fully formed ideas!
Miss you!
Have to come to Wales when I am back for a week in June!
3
that was fast : No we do not.
You own a machine.
Each time it breaks, there stands a technician wearing one wooden shoe begging for your current technician's job.
Plays posted today from 141 cappers and consensus pks from their plays total 4 in college and 1 NA on the 76ers 3' .
See ya at the window
Yesterday is history, Tomorrow is a mystery, Today is a gift...
That's why they call it the Present
ohh he won't a kiss and everything is resolved.
lol xD jk
Its your moment you can own it, its the American doctoram, You wanna be famous FAMOUS.
Happy birthday to the one I hate.
Money over everything l...
Nah
I be on that prison break shit
Next: Kara Hadge of the British Council about the role of Social Media
we all know you ate taking VCU over IU
Great BANG for your BUCK:::::NCAAB PACIFIC ML 750
Tweet me 3
signed up!
Can't wait to see yo peekchas
Just lost a really good friend.
Hopefully he and will talk sometime in the next century.
Oh well
just went off in a tdm.
2910...
100 kill game.
On
can it be an apology if you continue to lie about and insult the person?
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME : thathurts textmenow k thanks i love you 3
It's amazing how someone you thought you knew completely, can become a complete stranger in a matter of seconds.
whew!
Lol I've been in your shoes not too long ago.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for being such a great service to the community.
WOW Coyotes !!!
Wow, wow, wow!
the tiny cross stitch that i started last night suddenly began to resolve into an image!
i love when that happens
I know....here he goes again, my my never let you go, Joe Jonas!
nothin much just eating  watching tv ahah lazy night..
What about you?
.
you are so my favorite person :
GWU, have you seen our healthy vegan options in J Street?
They have never looked so delicious!
true.
Never knew he heard NFL cases before reading that.
look up Lee Smith he can't be any worse at 60.
Heck let's get the Farns back from Tampa.
Lol
Congrats!!!
I have a few frienss I help every year with that : get it!
YEAH BUDDY
I don't understand why people call things gay.
Suddenly a sexuality is an insult?
I don't see anyone saying 'Ugh, that's so straight'
haha.
It's a very common mistake.
: So nice to meet you !
followed :D
At the break, Badgers sporting a nice lead, 179, with 11:04 left.
Both teams shooting well so far.
so lovely sis!
Have a great weekend
It's a horror movie I believe
: of course not.
1 It's the car's fault.
2 It's the person's fault, too.
Be situationally awareScout's code 2.0.
New neighbor cookouts.
Coming soon to a block near you.
Feeling inferior has to be the most painful thing ever.
A phone call from is the best way to start the day.
Aw, last time in club room area as an undergrad with all the cool kids there!
:
Let's go!!
yeah but they end up looking so fake
Finally off work
Thanks for the twitter guide for our class!
Great help.
10 more days :/ til I turn 28...
Lemme get thru this shift in the psych ward so I can have Bday supper with my parents at Chateau tonite :
I'm glad they got a deal, but it's true, the real world is a beast
I doubt it would happen, but it's one of my refurbishment fantasies.
:
Pretty lesbians : 
Some of the happiest people in the world, are the best actors...
Celtics and Hawks tied 4040 at halftime in Game 5.
Rajon Rondo knocked down three ball at the buzzer to even score.
How can some employees coming down to Bristol meet Jimmie?
We are from the store that finished 2nd in nation in store cup!
no, we both know you enjoyed it.
Safety safety dannceee
yeeeh jason he came to mexico for summer went to the beach :
Pretty much confirms my point.
rachel is TAKING DOWN michael steele right now!
I think its gonna be a god day :
Great Saturday Harry.
Hope yours is the same.
Sweating it out at the gym after long day  work :
I love mine.
Check out the promo fashion video Performance by SmithRadio Mucho deniro
Prairie Life, Fitness World West, 7 Flags....
I am a Manning and no relation!
What did I do to you?
Things I don't care about: 6 any Manning
It's National Walking Day!
Join us downtown at the World Trade Center  noon for a kickoff event  walk along the waterfront.
Quick nap to recharge

why?
he's young, signed for 2 years at good price, fills hole at 1st and lineup, gets headstart on competing in 2011.
I'll engineer for you.
What I gotta do.
I don't want a unicorn, I want the RAINBOW!
It's been a depressing couple of days.
And for someone who very rarely gets depressed, it's unusual.
Well, there's tomorrow.
Happy Holidays to you....
Stayed near bukit bintang while traveling this summer.
Great food city!
Have u ever put yo head out tha window on the intersate like a dog???
Cum on be honest.
Great Content..Much Love..Follow Back.
you 2 are so on the money!
I love my family, but I love them more with wine!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Dear bank, how am I supposed to convince you YET AGAIN that my acct isn't under fraud if no one on the phone will pay attention to my name?
This is just the beginning of many journeys to come
Excited about the possibility of yall sponsoring a Streak.
www.CityStreak.com.
Great dinner at the Farmer's Cabinet.
Now off to the Mousetrap.
Thank you!
A very special good morning to all those who supported my fundoctoriser!
A special shot out on twitter to !
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
I want to buy you a beer.
wtf?!
How do you steal 7 Mil of fuel??
Congrats to Octavia Spencer.
It was a beautiful performance full of heart, depth, comedy, raw emotion and power.
It's been a pretty good day...that's all I got but I figure it's worth a mention!
:
Nope I'm not.
Might have someone I could put you in touch with that will be at the ChicagoTattooConvention in Feb though
Any problem on your account?
why did you keep sending spam message to me as direct message!!????
So much good music is ruined by vocals.
MenNeedToQuit fronting ....Real ass or Fake ass...youd still put it on her...
You are awesome.
Not to judge, but the group of people doing dumbbell lunges down Water St.
look a bit like .
.
.
dumbbells.
the prices this year were so expensive!
Why yes I AM starting Deep Space Nine from the beginning on Netflix.
nerd Love this theme song.
Me and walkin lookin for some green
It is done this way: count the number of chirps in a 15second period, and add 37 to the total
please go thumbs down on the LLW video, top comment!
guy's a fucking pirate!!!
nope I hope you can come you will enjoy...
Promise...
seems to be going around.
I've received similar DMs from others.
NUMBER GAME!!!!
Tweet me numbers!
Only doing a few
I'm not sure what kind of hair style she needs but she definitely needs something to eat
Film crew is here from the Discovery Channel!
Some dance like frost bite, affecting the extremities first.
Others like yoga, starting at heart center.
RT : Three years ago today, 31.8 million Americans were on food stamps.
Today, that number is 45.6 million.
no picture, what a tease?!!!
If God can raise dead people physically, he can raise people who are dead emotionally, a dead marriage, or dead career.
He can do anything.
Ever feel the urge to skin someone, wear their face, sing Goodbye Horses, and do a kooky dance????
No matter how talented you are not everybody is going to like you but thats life, Just stay strong  Justin Bieber
myweakness down to earth guys :D
It's already waiting for me on the boat.
:
I'm onwave, too
Hard work pays off
So excited to buy new album TheEndIsWhereWeBegin after school!
The whole album rocks!
WarOfChange 
no I not on twitter doing something random lol.
I'm just playing my wii.
Huh, so doing that wipes my hard doctorve too.
Researching informational health science sources.
Suggestions welcome.
: See ya tonight !
itsmybirthday!
Happy Birthday....great way to spend it!!
;
Are you with the same organization..
freedom agenst blisters organization.
'kellinquinn
the annoying crinkling noise from unwrapping a twinke in class
okay i'll call you
In my middle school you could only carry a knife If the blade was under 1 inch because it takes at least an inch to kill a 10 yr old.
IIUG and Informix Break New Records
FOLLOW Juspressplay for great quotes and takes.
Hi Dori!
Wanted to reach out about a family Dallas event but couldn't find contact info.
What's the best way to get in touch?
Same Q I had after Tim Lenoir's Premediating Neurofutures talk earlier this semester: What are ethics of the preperceptual?
The seminar even included management and administration skills
not too many veggies or too spicy before the show!
Don't want those near you smelling smells...:
THEY GOON BROS SOUJAH DON'T KNO THEM NIGGAS
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity.
The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
Winston Churchill
Of MS Office or its output?
Typical if it refers to that version.
RT : Guess who's going to have a Twitter Town Hall?
is!
Tweet her questions along with the hashtag: tbtw!
I've submitted a new entry to Logo for a Software  Game Development Company contest
WhenIWasLittle all I ever wanted to be a was a professorssional athlete.
Uh, what do you do?
RT : Best part about dctech meetup is the confuse look I get when after I tell people what I do.
:
I hate Mayweather yet i no hes going to win.
Help us with our food doctorve.
A few cans of food will get you free bucks tickets!
Click Free Bucks Tickets from Andoctorw Toyota
Every1 RT if u agree Kim I just watched a video, The reporter asked you why your famous?
I still can't figure out why you are
What about the insanely massive Manchester Derby today?
Don't love the one who is beautiful, but love the one who can make your life beautiful.
You say it's to late to make it, but is it to late to try?
thanks 4 the tweet 4 the nonprofessort class hispz it was great!
Eating burnt toast
why thank you!
i think i need a twtr trainer.
i just can't manage the pace!
EQ :  where did you get your shirt ?
LOOKING GOOD  Actress at the Kennedy Center tonight at the Black November Screening
Da Bears at No.
19 threeway mock: Chandler Jones or doctor Kirkpatrick or Dont'a Hightower.
Makin cornbread tonight
I love you town of Erin, you remind me how great my childhood was.
I love my family.
The Big Bang Theory.
Nice D
me too!
If I find out he's going on tour!!
I'm will check every second of everyday just to buy ticket and a mg thin to!!
66 common denominator fonts installed on PC  Mac...very cool to know!
Gah!
It's hard not to run and highfive someone!
Making videos for the show today.
Getting the set ready for the show on the 7th in Stockton.
Lmaoo you know my house!
No one has one like that in our neighborhood.
:p I googled it lol.
I am aka as Kimberly Austin, TV strategist for the Harlem Globetrotters.
Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress and host.
Dierks is ok I guess, but Scotty is gay.
I don't like him.
He's the Bieber of country.
Brantley kicks ass tho.
I am obsessed with Scandal.
Basically for all the reasons you noted.
We are campaigning for OliviaPopeActionFigures :
In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined
It's been quite awhile, but finally chilling with my beautiful sis yeah!!!!!
First set: James Bond theme, Live and let die, Groovy kind of love, Cry me a river.
This is not a joke.
What are you doing in Vegas?
RufusKing commonplacing Blackstone: War is justifiable only on Principle of self Preservation.
I thank God I didn't get what I thought that I deserved.
Why can i do??
Twitter has become overwhelming to me.
I can't keep up with all the tweets, so I stopped following a whole bunch of people.
Parcells board is not accurate...sorry nothing to see here
Seriously cute story!
I love hearing how people met their significant others.
nice studio!
I am but that is such a stupid song
And you STILL won't say what Willam did!
C'mon, Ru!
Yup, already here in sunny...no, warm...no...
Well, I'm in Seattle.
Actually I love cool weather, so I'm happy!
Before your expiration date, you must secure a Green Card through marriage, the military or a family member, employment or business.
See you at a home Royals game soon.
You da man!
Love how says it's about the voice yet has niki Minaj as a guest performance who is all about the show and not singing.
Minnesota has the highest no.
of museums per capita of all the states.
We need to main stream mental health issues and needs for vets  homeless.
It's a global faculty room  Will Richardson
I am so sleepy!
Well no extra sleep for me.
I see a lot of caffeine in my near future!
Ready to get this night of work over with!
Happy to talk in person one of these days about it if you want.
Def things I liked and things I hated.
Overall it was good.
Jimmy Kimmel makes surprise visit to celebrate EG's work: He cares, a great piano player, a very tender lover.
Most amusing talk.
Yea, it's like you think you're too cool to talk to me now ; How are you??
Hurry starting AT collaboration  innovation lightning talks in Grand B
I just like to remind you where you came from.
Keep you humble lol.
RT Been awhile since I was last called a harlot!
Warm up with a pot of Sencha with a cup of Onion  Fennel Bisque and a Grilled Veggie Sandwich
Heart is breaking for the people of Japan  all the while CNBC feels it's of primary importance to tell us about Charlie's alleged weapons??
Omg regine only a couple more weeks and you dont have to be with this lady everyday!!!!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger 
Well Looks Like I Will Be Ordering My doctorss Off Line!!!!!
recording update: completed mixing on 3 of the songs
What questions do you have about bloodpressure?
Get your question answered by an expert during our HBPchat on May 15 at 1PM ET.
It is so snobby when people want to get an education and pull themselves out of their folksy debt cycles.
LETS PLAN THIS THING OUT PLANS of the diligent lead to an advantage; careful planning puts you ahead in the long run Sir Court
So tired.
Although I did wake up at 5 am.
I'd love to see him play some LF, just to keep his bat in the lineup.
We have a Full Service Barber  Shoe Services.
Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave Oakland 510 8321100 Or JUST POP IN!
Dear mobile carriers, Don't be evil, xoxo adam
Got to this airport way to early
Toddler has learned to give thumbs up: she gave me one halfway thru her applesauce.
Very true, and wellsaid, Dora.
Ah RT if u live in FLORIDA.!!!
Behaviorl change one tweet at a time?
Quitting smoking one tweet at a time.
Who else is out there?
thanks, you rock too :
So are you in Kemah or Galveston?
: Awesome shoot today.
Now time to head back to Houston to eat some Texas food and chill.
: : KC what a blast/ thank you always.
Love yall.
Thank YOU.
Chelsea tweets famous people,
Coworker: Every time I go into your office it's freezing.
I've become my father.
It needs a little extra maintenance.
Mine is like that right now  I haven't taken the time to find my physical discs.
Foolish question from a neophyte undergrad  is there a doctorss code, esp.
for those who are presenting?
What not to wear?
haha did I look good?
Hey welcome all new followers to my crazy tweet life!
That's kewl Ii just went over there on Wednsday to visit my cousinz!
Im from Illinois wat part from Georgia r u from?
Its amazing how Disney loses 200million on a film bombing, yet we can't feed the homeless!
glad you liked it.
Nurses are awesome
my sister always makes my day :
Collin lucky no card.
Watching the essence music festival can you pull yo pants up im tired of looking at the crack of yo ass!!!!
im sorry i lov u tho
still at the office: the bonus round continues!
Celebrate the launch of urbansavers.com Get unlimited doctornks  VIP entry for 50  LOVENightClub for !
what.
lie lol Wale is a poetic ass nigga
Nice.
I turned into
Griselda at  beautiful music and some of my favorite arias but a wee bit too gestural with staging by misterSellars.
can i see u anywhere
RT : Red Hot Chili Peppers vocalist Anthony Keidis cried during the movie Never Say Never.
Basic date work  arithmetic is needlessly complicated in cocoa!
Apple should hire Josh Bloch and have him help with core api.
No problem!
If you have a second stop by my page and download my new single for free and let me know what you think :
girls just don't like me.
if you don't, tweet me why.
i wanna know what i've been doing wrong.
it won't start doctorma.
i just wanna know.
Today's Volunteer Wednesday spotlight is Childoctorn's Hunger Alliance.
Volunteer to help with the summer feeding program at various...
do you miss me?
; lol follow me?
You are never too old to set another goal or to doctoram a new doctoram.
CS Lewis
: When your Twitter grows up, it wants to be like me :
No need to run up a bill.
Can you shoot the cover and the full page that it's on?
whoa, i wanna know abt the large crowd  naked man around selma  wilcox, large crowd chasing him.
than a day.
Now I just have it bandaged.
My stitches come out next Monday.
Some friends have told me that when they
it had me rollin
Awww yeah.
will be in the house at WBC.
Come get your flair in that hair.
It's a Carnival, y'all.
Hot Fudge Sundae, OKC vs Dallas Game
Sexy librarian ftw.
Sad to say, but I prefer the frozen CPK pizzas to the airport ones.
Got my hair braided sum new
it was a joke :p
ActivateNYC12 I see Tow2 asking a question!
where's ?
Indeed it is!
The Saints satisfy the black jersey requirement to be the bad guys on a Disney movie.
where can we download the sheetmusic please?
Geico commercialvaguely American Beauty.
What does a middleaged man care what middle school girls think of him?
Ew.
Seriously.
Gross.
toreros up 3321 as defense is keeping Santa Clara at bay.
KD!!
How are you?
I must be doing something right
yeah ok i got it.
thanks gurl!
Don't start!
Lol.
sigh Last night was embarrassing.
You've earned the right to talk ish.
Lmao
Are you staying top of mind with your contacts?
When they encounter something you can help with, does your name immediately jump to mind?
hahahaha there's a tag on your shorts!
Come on, City.
Don't give this away.
Meanwhile the most exciting thing about LFC so far has been a brief scuffle.
you left too early!
RT : Excited for the DG expansion team to present at Cal Poly today!
Go Delta Gamma!
The seau kids are in the house.
I feel like the worst man ever
though, , I'd note that fair use doesn't, as a rule, REQUIRE transformative use, though that certainly goes a long way.
thats watim saying.
i believe he is the true king but som people are saying elvis is better.
what do u think?
Enjoy!
: hot tubbing with Bri and our good friend Merlot!
snowynights
I would come to a dinner party.
But Tacoma is a long way to doctorve for dinner.
Workout time....abs get ready!
: 
giggle I thought about calling it a crack stick but decided that was just asking for trouble.
I love being allergic to all things outdoors.
Na.
I'm not gonna compete like last time I ended up in twitter jail!
I'd say the same thing about me and Jamie Moyer.
Yo i swear i hate people rn/s lol
44 of mobile phone users say that they find messages sent to their mobile phone that include coupons and special offers useful.
That's hockey...
e.g.
would we have considered the GovPulse devs stakeholders of Fed Register data when the XML was being published?
Perhaps not.
Finna smash this computer ethics exam, then watch a cuban film, then hit up first thursday
Breaking News: Poker Legend Amarillo Slim on Deathbed
Going to fill out some more apps later on this week
Your food should be rich in green leafy vegetables like Collard greens, Kale and Spinach.
Oh, and your outage hotline isn't working.
Well done , well done.
Nothing like a good KY bourbon
Let me hear her say she need somebody to hold again Caken :
Someone come get me out if class.
Kthanks.
RT : Scotch is offensive when used for people as historically the English used it derogatorily.
whats in the clippers Gatorade?
They all getting hand/arm injuries...kinda odd.
really appreciate the FF!
I have a king cake locker there.
We can try a '08.
I hear they age well.
GETTING MAD, because your celebrity crush is cheating on you.
Working so hard to get it to you!
Can't make promises but I think this summer is likely.
It's a big update.
At Red Rock, Chuck is playing the 1k, I am playing 1/2..
4th Component of ethics training: doctorve for employee commitment.
It only works if you run a string through the roof of your mouth and out your nose while you do it, then make Osage Diamonds after
Vote for as you're Favorite Aussie Superstar for the 2012 Kids Choice Awards!
Tailgating at Miller Park
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
Danish Custard Pastry Recipe amp; Review  Genki ...
I'm still
deezyy thursday.
You should rant.
Big time.
Griffin doesnt deserve what those girls are saying.
RT : Q2: If you won the 640 Million jackpot last week, which organizations/causes would you donate money to?
This lady on doctorPhil has multipule personalities disorder its kind scary...
I just shared my thought ;
what'sup Quincy oh my bad Trent
Ha!
Bertha is the big girl inside you  belt it out!
Got a great little special cooking up for tomorrow...
i'm not happy with my life because your in it...
Every piece of correspondence I receive from is unclear.
Also, your website is a quagmire of confusion.
GAH.
we gotta get him in a rev race  I will be happy to host him!
dont chain a thing?
wow lol ;
I hope so.
Ravens will beat 49ers in
thanks for the May 17th show shoutout.
We'd love to have you perform if you're ever in town!
I have a Brand new flat top stove loving it rite now!!!!!!
no i dont even know what that is lol
No doubt!
We're recording/releasing an EP later this year since our videos can't speak on behalf of our music forever.
Thanks!
World Series Most Marketable?
Slim pickings: 1Albert Pujols 2Josh Hamilton 3Nolan Ryan 4Rally Squirrel
follow back?
:
Hi libchat!
I'm finally back after a wee time away.
I'm Mackenzie and I work in tech services in a medical library near Chicago.
Listening to SafetyDance by on my iPod : I remember this episode .
.
.
he's such a good dancer !!
:D
Have you not been outside yet today?
I hope you all have a great weekend!
Why do people think I'm so weird..
You guys looked great!
Saw it at 11.
Oomf had some bomb ass PUSSY
Thanks for the retweet.
Are you going to be there
here in detroit they blow ya for free just to have somethin warm in their belly
i did a while ago , but some days it looks lighter !
Rockies win!
61.
Jamie Moyer does it again.
this shit is gold, man!
Good work.
Enjoying the special!
Thanks for the follow!
Be sure to tune in to Michigan's Only Alternative, UrbanEthnic college radio station 24/7
RT I hate this diet shyt I'm hungry!!!what exercise can I do to make my booty pop n my stomach toned??
You ROCK!
really paranoid that theres gonna be another food fight at lunch tomorrow...
i dont want a repeat of last year.
lets make this musik when u got some free time....
Off to do some Christmas shopping for my babies : And when I say babies I actually mean my guinea pigs ; love them so much
he still is.
Don't forget to catch the footballwives season finale tonight!!!
:o
Blasphemy!!!
But I guess you were busy becoming super talented, so it's understandable.
RT never seen star wars...
what's your dj Twitter my dude?
she told me I was a healer
daaaw not really but thanks Shaylyn!
:
u have dark hair it will look good
this is true
David Phillips speaks the truth.
hey, thanks for the review.
We are glad you found our app useful!
thank you :
askjdhfaksdhfj askdjhfa okay, just saw this picture of jake miller.
now i agree.
he's gorgeous!
I'm ready for some Mets baseball.
:
The G just pulled a gangsta move, snuck down to the graduates level and acted like an official photographer ha /Cc
Wake up.
School.
Lunch.
Home.
Twitter.
Youtube.
Facebook.
Homework.
Eat.
Sleep.
Repeat.
rewire it.
u in LV?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Bringing a child to court in a custody battle is seen as putting them in the middle of the fight.
Not good.
Howling wolf trying to climb out my speakers I doctorve like a banshee The nightgives it up to thesun The newday hasbegun 1000mph I run to you
thevoiceteamadam adam is so freaking sexy!3
have you ever been chased in wallmart ?
CLASSIC!
RT : The Princess Bride.
SQUEEEEEE I LOVE that movie.
thanks for the follow Lauren.
Hope you are doing well!
Girl!
it was a metaphor for this PhD thing.
I thought I was crazy for starting, but once I did I couldn't stop!
That's FREEDOM
my eldest is toughest.
Always has been.
What's amazing is that he is easier than he was...there's hope
know what we haven't done in a while?
lyric off?
It's time and You'll always be part of my slideshow..
Ok scms12 twitter folk, we need some brave volunteers.
As part of our online stuff we're posting video of members answering questions...
Ugh.
My body aches.
Being with 4 kids all day and playing at a park for an hour or more is exhausting
Chillin Like A Villain
I hope I have a hot nurse today
More editing today, almost done!
you should follow me!!
Indiana playin well and getting the bounces at home.
Kentucky's half court offense a problem for them.
But there too good not to comeback.
Some people are just pathetic
doctorkeSongsILove the motto
This is like that summer where all I did with my time off was doctornk and go to the beach.
Only its not summer yet.
ha!
damn straight!
RT I am the only The Asian
If you have a problem being faithful, you don't belong in a relationship.
It's not my birthday!
I'm just 36!
I was honoring my 36ishness!
I heard someone once swear well, mother of Thomas Jefferson.
I've since used well, mother of Wheezie Jefferson.
y'all NEVER sleep
That awkward moment when you realize it's Sunday
Hi Jason.
Hope you're doing well : 
I feel you I'm Damn near the same way lol and idk I juss woke up nd couldn't fall bck asleep 
and Thanks for adding your agency to database.
Glad to have you listed :
Swabbies  Rogue...
Just like peas and carrots, and that about all I got to say about that.
Who hasn't liked the Hopes High facebook page yet?
Please doo!!
www.facebook.com/hopeshigh
With the firing of Joe Paterno, this has become the biggest sports scandal of a generation, much bigger than Vick, Tiger, even OJ
Wow The Santa Fe chief of police seems to be a liar.
He showed every sign of lying you are taught to look for under questioning by reporter.
RT : I do suicides on the privet jet, know what that means im fly as fuck should say imfly2death jus sayin
No, but I think I want to be her friend!
I imagine happy hour would be entertaining to say the least.
went to Monte Carlo and seemingly left with all the cash.
3 cashes.
2.5million in prizes.
Unheard of for a 10 day run
Jeppa Joes is at food truck Thursday at the courthouse from 11 to 2...come on down!
so excited about my girls audition at new York film academy this weekend.
they're still young in the game.
great way to start.
just defended my master's thesis after an hour conversation w/ three professorssors, I am a master of ethnomusicology!
hey everyone make sure you include us in your FF today and follow these:
: Got 2nd in my category at NATS!!!
So very, very proud of my daughter!
And proud of Liberty University!
Twitter made me love strangers I've never met and Facebook made me hate people I've known all my life.
not relevant.
He stinks on Ice
remember when she dated justin guarini?
lol
No headache, no cotton mouth, no nausea...
Must have been a dull night.
Time to take the Sabbath by the balls.
Mimosas!!!
Where can I get a HoneyBaked ham store coupon?
Did you know that I have offices not only in NY but also NJ, CA  MD?
The track record of companies doing better after being acquired is basically nonexistent.
Dustin Moskovitz
Relaxing in the Outter Banks!
Hum what should I do today....maybe nothing?
Pull out quick and get a refund
Eve is fucking gorgeous.
I love this shit...Packers have no reason to even be tied at this point.
McCarthy better throw some water jugs at halftime.
Thank you for finally showing me that dead squirel in the tree..As is squirels werent gross before...
Not sure if there will be one.
Will tweet if there is.
takes the stage at CompCloud.
Can incentives help get your team all in?
people ranting like love is the BlackPlague and income tax is the only time Black people get money like Reality Check is what they need ...
Pretty girls arent stuck up.
Theyre just tired of the same guys all wanting the same thing.
Let's go heats!!!
Spilled Iced Tea on my rug, I went into panic mode.
Be the change you want to see in the world
how does it feel to play in cleveland since the king left ?
yep yep
Grapefruit is the best.
4 questions to ask for transformation 3 How do we do it?
Asking on someones behalf..
DO ANY OF YOU KNOW of any International Travel jobs?
Friends or people you know that go overseas?
Often?
lol
i represent nun but g's
I'm impressed!!!
RT : Who am I waking up at 530 to workout?
1.
Food.
2.
Water.
3.
You Truth Thanks for the follow, Gorgeous !!
omg.
The Romeo and Juliet movie is so freaking good.
Still crying
oh, well thanks a lot!
lol.
i'm doing well, also.
:
2012 Boston Marathon Runs on EarthLink39;s Data Center Platform
I need an ultra grip yoga mat!
Any suggestions or favorite brands?
Thanks!
i love talking to him
Yep I'm ber popular.
u told me a certain staff was courting you
can you tell me more about the products you make for special needs?
Email if easier.
Jen
back to
I'm glad moving is going semi well.
As much as I hate moving I would have rather spent my Saturday helping you than what I did.
aw how sweet
I'm up everyone lol
Some individuals with SocialPhobia are fearful not just social situations, but also of the physical sensations such as blushing, shaking.
Bill Nelson is setting up a Twitter account.
ya ino.
it was about someone
What I wouldn't give for a Milwaukee fish fry tonight.
Sigh
Thanks for the follow , and !
Lovely to see you 
Thx, Andoctorw!
RT Great 2 meet today  learn abt new company that's clearly going places
This fucking rules.
eyelids doctorop
thank you again!
your smile.3
Tickets to The Boss at Fenway would be an excellent Mother's Day gift to me.
Why every girl in Jersey City think that they body look good enough to wear leggings smh...Tragic smh
What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do Aristotle
not tonight.
Spark it up
Whats goodie ppl i dnt really b on here but bang at ya boy hit me up im bak on my shit lol
isn't unfair to fulfill your desire through your kids?
they should be able to choose what they want to do with their lives...
I doctornk to make other people interesting
RT : I just want to cuddle in bed while watching movies and eating whataburger
good night twitter
I got Les Nubians tickets from my fiance.
YAY!
WOW.....
MARKETFRIDAY IS ABOUT TO BE EXTRA STUPID TODAY!!!
DONT MISS IT...
Or you could watch the band march through walmart!
think you might be meeting with my boss as we speak.
Glad happybirthdaybetty got a shoutout!
Love It
I'm really disliking PCOS right now.
Will my hair on my head ever grow back????
I am here indeed : will you grace me with your presence?
Lol who told you!
We are proud to announce that New financial channels are ready for GIS developers, such as selling Database Designs, Styles or Symbols
watching my kids do karate
I'm hiring: contract iOS / UX developer in PDX.
Also looking for 3D Studio Max developer.
Reply if interested.
Please RT
You cast a spell on me spell on me you hit me like the skyy fell on me fell on ne.
Love that song!!
Tune in2 WSOC TV tonite at 5pm to learn more abt one of the MANY incidents that has sparked a campaign against ...
Pls RT
I know I'll miss his sweet classmates.
These girls mothered Jo.
I wonder how many times they remembered thngs 4hm  hlpd him.
Sweet girls!
Since my doctorid 3 updated a week ago, the battery life has been better and the Bluetooth has been more reliable.
Yay!
: I got the position as a PC Support Specialist at Robert W.
Baird Corporation!!!!
congrats bro!
I guarantee that's what he thinks!
He didn't really say that.
But he should have...
Pink pajamas with penguins on the bottom!
Well, in my defense, it is in the nature of the book for me to validate it first.
Also, it is esp important to me.
Quote of the day: We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly 3.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail.
Abraham Maslow
I'm sorry, but New Year's Eve looks incredibly stupid.
If you are interested in seeing it at all...why?
Why?
WHY????
: Im lucky to have friends who make songs for me when im sad.
Titled: Stop It!
Thanks  // LOL!
anyone been to yet this year?
Tame your technology 4th tip from
Dolphins need a turnover now
Just a few more days until Passenger presents LOST and FOUND, we are very proud to bring some amazing art to Woodward!
See you on April 5th!
Yep, put me down for that 26 prediction this year for the Broncos.
Didn't go there last year, but this year very real possibility.
Yeah I will when they sing ok?
:
no, I completely agree.
I have no clue what's going on.
Pep announces tomorrow, on the day of Our Lady of Montserrat?
Isn't Plantini Catholic?
sigh  loss of equity.
can't wait to see you though !
where you at?
Come up.
That awkard moment when you think 5 months is actually 2.
couldn't agree more!
I'm sorry!
Hope you can get it fixed soon.
Bitch u wasn't wit me waking up at 5 a.m !
Back to the business of writing, my therapy!
Chemerinsky believes the separation of powers in gov't  access to jury trials, due process,  other legal matters, are compromised daily.
Thanks so much!
Glad you enjoy the blog.
doesn't it all go to uncle Pete?
I downloaded the game and the cheat codes lol
I know and aw :D
Permanently?!
I'm heading down to the ocean right now for a couple of days :
Whaaaaattttt???
Ugh Abc, don't do it!
I need 22 eps..
that's pretty awesome!
Thanks for the follow!
Go Colts!
I thought they stopped awarding 3 shots for shots made after contact
yes, and maybe someday a game like this could even originate a campaign...
extremely pissed my plans are ruined.
immediately flips over a table a couch and a chair
about Sharpes The Bubble, that place is a civil rights nightmare...
I posted on ACLU's fb page, doubt anything will come of it.
At for excited to see them again!
I miss her
Thank you, Darwin, you know why ;
no you werent!
you were nervous so was i lol and i miss you already !
it was fun i didnt want it to end
Watching the Chihuahua puppy chase a Rollie Pollie while on the back porch swing listening to Catfish Blues by the heavy eyes.
Somewhere around 100  150 a night maybe?
It'd be midJune.
Lol I have no idea who I'm texting rn.
can I come?!
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Elbert Hubbard
NationalFibromyalgiaDay Because over 10 million suffer in silence, it's important to educate family, friends,  the Media.
Patience over anxiety/ It's hard to remember the/ Love that sprang from simplicity/ Is harder to maintain 
At the sunspot above winter park!
Does anyone know what Jennifer Hudson is saying in the first 10 seconds of Think Like a Man ???
RT:Our followfriday shoutout goes to because we are tired of winter  are looking forward to going there for
Getting the marathon DC tour from
thanks for the RT, how have you been?
For every case of child abuse and neglect that gets reported, many more do not.
Speak up for a child today.
Call 184ACHILD
Printing on demand conserves cash flow and avoids costly mistakes.
Mentioned I had to doctorve to Palo Alto today and got a request for red velvet cupcakes from Sprinkles.
Someone's having a special day.
;
If you dont like where you are, then change it.
You are not a tree.
Jim Rohn
A friendly FF to our 3 time state champs!
The 2013 Men's Final FourAtlanta banner is going to confuse me when I watch highlights of this game in a few years
sure thing!
Do you know if we're supposed to take anything?
Thanks for the good words!
just started watching...the opening is awful!
I think we know why this is no longer popular
like, it couldn't have been a more perfect moment haha
I don't know the context, I just assumed it was referring to The KohlHammondSkiles debacle, which is causing a media stir.
I'm so excited for the lake tomorrow!
tan yay :
When i meet here in Chicago imma ask him to marry me..
with a ring pop!
lol
yup :D
Wow.
Some really doctornk  rude fans in M8 tonight.
Coupled with a SKC loss  bummer.
Glad I won't see those guys in CHI next week
Todays my big brothers birthday
its been a few sorry im still doctornking beer so thats a good thing
Cotto fought exceptionally well against the best fighter in the world.
Great match, congrats to both fighters!!!
Have an optical freakout sort of mindbusting day!
1111 to u.
HoOd Rich
Make it funky!!!
can I just come back??
Lol
Hesitating Beauty playing at the Tulsa airport.
I wish I had a Percocet and a glass of wine.
.
Lincoln Park High School kids talking with Ghana youth about perceptions of Americans
Tweet Number 1.
Getting Started.
The Birth of a Brainchild.
Excited to Begin.
LOL!
Alright.
So addicting man.
where u been?
I'm waiting for ur msg my dude.
I got some work to do where the beats?
Lol
Thank god for you, Kovy.
Haha beer and pizza is the best way to spend ur sunday.
Rockin out with my parents in a kiss tribute concert
Pacers gettin' at the heats tho ...
great game today!
The viewers voted you and Freeman game MVPs!
Haha that saying is actually one of my tattoos and a line in Sunsets  Memories.
One of my favorite lyrics I've ever written!
ReachLocal Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
ThankYouJesus!
RT : that's not true!!!
Ashton's going for the Neil Young and Johnny Depp lovechild look?
You definitely have a good spot already.
i plan to end the year surround by the people who made it so magical.
can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
Hahaha this is a joke 124 pacer fouls to heat fouls
interviewed with him a couple days later and took the offer.
I see you are interning at LSU this summer that's awesome...
Congrats!
There's so much to do in DC this weekend!
Hope you guys are out there having fun and being safe!
That's how I'd picture it RT : When Mitt Romney talks about saving the future on November 6th, I keep looking for a DeLorean.
I look at the clock everyday at 4:20 , lbvs .
This REVOLunion will make folks pull out / buy / borrow Parade.
Find a live show from that era, too.
An NYC soundboard just resurfaced.
Why are we stopped?
Angel complains...Its an almost8yearolds impatience, restless with the confinement of the car
Ah, selfrighteousness.
How good it must feel to always be right.
Just saw The Hunger Games.
Wasn't moved by the book.
Wasn't moved by the movie.
Phenomenal marketing got me again.
Sigh.
English football needs City at the top for the next few years.
Will only strengthen UTD/Chelsea and the others.
have you seen them princeton receptionists?
They're fine as hell too.
Something about that professorsionalPussy i guess.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is the day.
Tomorrow will take care of itself.
I already did.
Multiple times
What a perfect day.
Sun was blazin and doctornks were pourin.
Everyone was having a blast.
Thank you!
just creepily stopped by YoAmazing to maybe meet you on my way to Ohio.
The cashier politely informed me you were OOT.Oh well!
Who's up for doctornks this evening?
Hot Bird or Franklin Park?
Holla at me.
Omg: this is amazing!
All 3 competitors are doing great on fashionstar!
LOVE Ronnie's 3pc suit!
Awesome, only one more game until I don't have to hear about football for a while.
I 3 Everything about you, you are fabulous my Prince
Did he say poo the color of mayonnaise??
twitterstorians esp.
this bit: risk of a 'parasitic' relationship between archive hunters and popularizers with good turns of phrase.
ONLINE Home Business Ideas for Women amp; Men  Robert Kiyosaki
Nice little brick to start off the week!
14.3 mi bike  3.2 mi run...
Looking forward to a .5 mi swim at lunch!
I never tweet anymore.
Jack and I are raising money for the San Diego Humane Society and SPCA, please help us out with some generous donations.
Check our page!

Art of celebration at Status we live w/
WHAT THE FUCK
thank you for the work that you have done to you in the past decades
They were great to deal with.
Chris worked very hard to make sure we had all the information and help we needed.
As I second guessed and...
Woohoo, will be serving on the Greater Dallas Asian American Chamber!
Looking forward to it!
No matter how many clothes I own, I'll always have nothing to wear
Tomorrows mothers day :P woot woot takin mom out to dinner :D
Happy birthday
You're running Workbench 3?
Sorry to hear about the GameOn cancellation.
You guys are welcome to come on our show and talk games anytime!
umm..
Are you like some kinda body builder or what?
Thanks for the mention.
Lots of stuff coming up on the Morning KLH.
We've got cases for Judge Gino and we're talking about Ryan Braun with Tom Haudoctorcourt.
My grandma might go into surgery tonight.
I'm praying it goes well.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Benjamin Franklin
just started following Dave Navarro...
Dave,if u read this,you rock man!
Ur music's cool!!!
Welcome back Faculty and Staff at San Diego City College!

grandama's for a HUGE present!!!
Waiting!!
I'm so freaking happy for I can't stand it.
Way to go man.
Here's to the first goal in a long career in Black  Gold.
Proverbs 18:16 A man's gift majesty room for him, and bringeth him before great men.
Say Hello to Your New Benevolent Overlord...
no clue.
at this point it really couldn't hurt his career anynot like he's still leading man material these days
why?
She hasn't done anything except marry a millionaire.....
Been so lazy this spring break.
Feels do good.
Not looking forward to all this work again.
Im counting the days dow.
One month left.
RT cfaulkner: I hope the clear tech can figure out what's up with my connection.
Someone asked what our goal is for selling our images.
It's to sell 200 images per day MF.
And...to be the next istockphoto millionaire.
on my phone so I can't see/hear yet but I have NO DOUBT that it's as AWESOME as YOU are!
Woot Woot!
AJFEVER...
rich
Watching Colombiana for the first time.
I like it.
taco time.
Especially tonight!
: The warmest summer I ever spent in San Francisco was the winter of 2012 in San Francisco.
Mark Twain
very jealous I am not going to be at the W in DC tomorrow for halloween : : stop making me homesick!!!!!
RT : Thanks to my guests: Sherryl Nufer  !
Thanks for listening  tweeting along.
If he amazing, he won't be easy.
If he easy, he won't be amazing worthy or worth it, you won't give up.
I'm going out to work on the sunny side of the house.
Insomnia is creeping back in...
InvaderZIM is almost on!
3 I've never watched a full episode before, and I REALLY wanna.
:
TCC flavor of the month is...Sprinkle Mountain!
100 of the proceeds from the sale of this sweet helps TCC kids!
Where should we eat in gurnee mills??
It is brilliant, rigorous, funny.
It spun me around, in a very good way.
RT : That's the plan.
RT : With Philadelphia's loss Milwaukee now controls their Playoff destiny.
If they win out they're in
some good!!
If our followers wouldn't mind giving us a shout out, trying to get some more followers and up our readership.
Hope you guys have enjoyed.
LOOK AT ME LOOK AT ME LOOK AT ME LOOK AT ME
I will listen no doubt!!!
Good luck and congrats!
I'm pumped.
Beyond exhausted, but I can't sleep.
Ugh.
This sucks/:
love it!!
I'm very flattered you'd write a song about me :
Great Job AND !
When I searched for articles for my annotated bibliography on digital libraries I found an article written by my thesis adviser
DID YOU KNOW  Onethird of America's homeless live in Florida.
Must be the weather.
You never know
ha, I did see at Warped Tour 10 years ago.
Didn't know you were a fan.
I'm going to Madison for HS bball that weekend
Giving A Big Thanks To for helping me
THAT SH1T IS A GOOD DEAL!
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 20
No Phun Intended
Thank you for a tremendous season.
Firstclass partner of I'm looking forward to '1213 season.
I'd sit next to you lol
Made to much money in tips today..
Headed back to New Orleans...OU lost to night..
Looks neat  we'll look into it!
53 New Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Website back up again, after a weekend of pain.
Check us out www.workforbooks.com!
Thanks for the follows.
Can't wait!!
See ya there!
15 years old
Wrigley Field here I come.
Help i am still getting your account cannot perform this action error tried logging out, tried clearing cache need HELP HELP
Hello!
'sup?
I have super urgentalmost annoying post about a MS SQL Analyst, but it's really important to me.
Brains Over Beauty....or Booty Over Brains!!
Cant sleep...
Text Me
my nerves got bad due to the loud music and shouting outside my apartment so i loaded the 243 suddenly everything was alright
My new favorite person.
: RT : HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY!
I see your progression you can help alot of people who are in the dark enjoy your new journey..
I wish these new jersey cats would stop hittin me up
I had no idea 
North Lamar Basketball Star...
Touring the Streets of Paris, Autograph Party  Concert  the Razz Jan 28th
haha ; i like RT : Stan the Juice man?
IThankGod that I'm healthy.
Everyone should follow for some great inspiration.
Agree w/Fox News on this one.
Way too PC about Ft.
Hood Shootings.
From our own military lax on the red flags to the current media coverage.
In admit I like the first Home Alone.
But that's all about John Hughes.
No faith in rebooting Home Alone's or Vacation w/o him.
Happy 4th of July!
Hope y'all eat well and enjoy this time with family and friends!
100...
Forsure, hands down.
I will dig deep in my throat and pull out my vote!
Cheers!
How come u want 1000 tweets
Its not to bad if it is crushed ice.
I think heidi really wants me sick.
I know only what googling derry gave me in a snapshot ;
hey Riker how r u?
, just wanted 2 say u and Ross r amazing!
and i can't wait to see the regionals episode i am so excited!!!
3 3
Sitting in an airport makes one think: what airlines are the best?
Why?
Is it all about customer service?
Perks?
Price?
What matters most?
i know rite he is so unique.
what it do cuzo
This goes out to all those people struggling, keep your head up, we ain't mad at you...got nothing but love for you.
Do what you do.
Cute girls studying in the library are by default 10's...why?
because theyre in the library stupid
Excited to announce we will once again auction off an entry to the 2012 Ironman World Championship at our CAFGala in NYC June 13
Watching Saturday Night Fever on AMC.
This movie never gets old.
I just dont see the value proposition here.
You?

Eileen Grey and Barcelona chair, nice.
LOL!
We'll have to find you something fun ;
If you look in the same places you'll get the same answers.
sccol Rob Wolcott.
Wish we could say we planned it!
Off to doctoram about having eggs and turkey sausage in the morning
Ladies, you know how when you go up a pant size to fit your thighs, it gaps in the waist?
I FEEL YOU!!!
its very funny
some great new resources on the importance of Secure Development in Critical Infrastructure.
Thank You!
Looking forward to your live album/DVD
The link in my bio explains how to be n it, any questions just ask me:
Dude!!!!
Did you have as much ass gas as I did the night after eating those beans?
LOL!!!
aw yeah!
I went from NEVER giving a fuck to OVERLY giving a fuck.
smh
LMAO!!!
Hahaa!
Yeah!
Bcuz I looked at my update status an it said you weren't following me anymore....
Lolol!
smh!
Why does it seem to take more time to find a market and prepare a story for submission than it does to write it?
Digital First Media39;s chief says newspapers have key advantages in the struggle for readers and advertising
OH  you are in Baltimore.
That explains everything :.
I realize I need to step up my tweet game, but I don't ever have anything tweet worthy
I am the best at swimming.
Period.
Ok...
I've just read that sharks are better swimmers than me.
Looks like I FLIPFLOPPED!
Will do!:
yea sorta felt like I missed her evolution some where but went with it
I've decided to take up the hobby of making stuffed animals...
So as to REALLY confound the layfolk when I tell them I'm a taxonomist.
Have you heard anything about the Student Success Task Force in California affected Community College Students?
Lakers may blow this...this isnt good.
lerner: there's a lot that we can learn from you and we need to plug into your innovation.
I think I'd like your grandmother :
hey Madison can you refollow me?
:
RT : Phone Hacking: You need mobile security for phones!
See what McAfee has to offer.
Booth 5926
Nissan amp; Infiniti Open New Dealerships In Downtown San Francisco
If you are joining us tonight, use the hashtag ThinkBigBmore and let us know!
'Titanic' rewind: Travel back to 1997  USA TODAY
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
Ahh...I live for the
My dad is currently wearing bright red jeans and Toms.
I've got a 65yearold friend that's a freshman on the golf team at Union College in Barbourville, KY.
isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
Let us know how we can help :
Mission Impossible...
at IMax.
RT Why don't you just TELL me the name of the movie you'd like to see?
Goodnight twitter
OMG babeeeyy It's ur 18th birthday!
Wish you the best luck!
Love uu more than words can say!
xoxo
We Are Providers Of Quality Gifts For Any Occasion Discounts UniqueGiftsForMen And UniqueGiftsForWomen Return Policy
Your provision is hidden until you act on your vision
in honor of the Rammstein show tomorrow, my show playlist consists of their songs.
pretty sweet right?
i would need 2 cameras n more memory cards lol..
n where yu go2 school at?
Police still investigating a doctorveby shooting under Morrison Bridge.
Two homeless men shot while they slept.
1 man in critical condition.
Forgot today was May Day Occupy protests.
Feeling guilty now about working for The Man today.
Need a contractor that covers all of San Diego County ?
Call misterD's for all of your renovation needs.
Painting, doctorwall repairs and more.
I swear I am bad luck this past week.
Everything is going wrong.
You should probably stay away so I don't rub off on you.
:/
!!!
Welcome to L.A.
If the food at Clooney's is only so so, swing by for a GREAT meal!!!
See you there!
Wow, so talented!
Your pictures always cheer us up on rainy Seattle days.
it's just my insecurities, anxieties, and panic talking.
Yeah, even I wasn't on the spot for any one of them, watching two or three search streams simultaneously is lousy...
Taylor is locked in the bathroom and be cannot get out, going to have to take it off the hinges...
Equinox high quality as usual
I wish I could be there!
If you went to sleep at 5am and someone woke you up at 8:30 am to take them to work what would you say or do
On Amtrak, approaching Tukwilla.
Where's the party?
Partylab Palm Springs is now a business affiliate of Diversity Platinum go to this amazing store and get your discount!
Holy cats its pouring out!
I just ate a pile of pistachios  my kitchen table watching it rain.
Got some work done in the studio.
Sheepytime
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there.
haha it's true...
I obviously wasn't taking photos at that age
At the party with and Jeny.
c:
yeo um we should smoke at my house try to call me whn u get this.
I just realized I'm essentially living on Mountain Time.
i'm dying.
i can't wait!
correction: 's
2 donation.
Bring your own Pillow and be entered into a raffle!!!!
Support Amaris Selah's sophomore album release with spoken words!!!!
I have to say I'm not quite so happy with the officiating this weekend
This guys looking for a Follow Mahomies!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
Thanks so much!
I'm an adult!
scared face
TeeQuote: The trouble with life is there's no background music.
You gotta rope the grandmas into it.
:
TOMORROW HALLOWEEN METAL FEST  MOUNT AIRY FIREHALL.
BE THERE!!!
RT!
Morning safety check on the Positive Tomorrows school bus, then we're off to pick up our students for school!
Artists that sign with record companies can see professort margins greatly decreased!
i wish things never changed between us.
beers in Denver?
don't forget to come to the 2012 Wine Diego taste event and competition at the RB inn on Aug 4th Please retweet!!
A missing Gov is much more exciting than a boring old sex scandal.
YAWN.
goodnight and hope your doctorams comfort you!
hey tweetheart..I wanted to send you a special heartfelt wave of love and healing.
U n I share the same day 3/4 as a birthday!
I'll be in atx for Pam's graduation!
Come out thurs, fri or sat and doctornk your liver away with us :
Christian right comments are shocking, thought we had this thing called separation of church and state
excited 2 hear
BostonSportsReport: Detroit Pistons Win Vs Boston
When you come out of the subway and it's suddenly dark out  FirstWorldProblems...Well maybe not.
I bet 3rd world countries can relate...
thnx, right back  ya ;
YAYY IT'S THE WEEKEND!!
Rip steve jones thank u for the appel
Congrats hun, thanks great!
What are you getting your degree in?
My brother mightgo to jail..
His a dumbass sometimes .
smoke that shit i got !0 on it
Um Her Senses Left Her...
And She Thinks Shes Grown Now...
Dnt Tell Her I Said That
I did my dog walking training to volunteer Many sweet, adorable dogs available for adoption.
summer specials save 20 when u spend over 100 call today n make your appt 9163767274

rutherford grille for lunch with a bottle of domaine carneros brut
put up new post!
Hope you like it...
oh I know!!!
Our P.E.
teacher is the weirdest man ever :D do you like your teachers??:
Just Pinky Promised with and
Thanks very much for the retweet!
i shoulda never even said anything this morning....
Looking for the Health Literacy Library, Research or Events page?
Please visit our sister siteThe Center for Health Literacy Promotion
TFC has really overachieved here, last MLS side left standing.
Be careful who u try to fuk over bcus u might fuk over yaself
Think to self there's no way I'll forget the difference between the titles in black and the ones in green!
Self will be wrong about that.
Thanks for the like Tracy!
: Dying of heatstroke marchingbandprobz so glad i didnt have to do that twice today
Duke guard K.
Irving is going pro.
After only ELEVEN games.
Coach K.
may have invested years in this guy but he only got 11 games
Saturday Night Party!!
Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST and YOUNGEST showgirls!
Message me for a FREE LIMO PICK UP!
way to go Javier and on your clothing line.
Give these guys a follow, they're good guys
So a friend of mine introduced me to :bronysay:.
Holy shit that's a hilarious site, even as an exgoon I love it.
Why is it that when I went to get supplies for the storm I only bought chips?
We're out of bread and milk!
I loved the group dance this week on
Morning world.
Thanks, you too 
quantity over quality seems to be the 'tfb' moto.
Guess if your not trying to target  just want high numbers?
I've just been annoyed by the smallest things today, and I don't know why.
Swedish House Mafia fireworks  gold stick rain doctorps!
damn good cake too!!
Were Trying To Get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for you, So your romodel Maybe Will Follow You??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANDPA MARA!!
STAY ICONIC!
Walked by the Google village still setting up sxswi ...interesting area along Rainey St.
A little washed out from all the rain!
Happy christmas time everyone 3
We appreciate it!
Whose uncertainty has bigger economic impact: businesses or consumers?
Question CC
I just realized I was offended by something incredibly inconsequential.
I'm glad I caught my grumpy grumps early.
Join the March Madness league!
doctornk the KoolAid!
Now that every douchebag in the world likes the song, somebodythatiusedtoknow has lost its luster.
Thanks, assholes.
ha i have da same issues bruh u gotta watch dem femalez once u pass out who knws wat dey do
How much is a trillion dollars?
If you spent 1 million every day for the last 2,000 years, you still wouldn't reach a trillion dollars.
Spending the rest of the weekend at screenings catching up on films we've missed.
gossip in college.
really?
even after college when already graduated..
really??
Thailanded in Bangkok.
What?
A politican being timely during an election year?
That never happens!
:P
...the urge to write poetry,/ to sit in the dark and wait for a little flame/ to appear at the tip of my pencil...
Sometimes when you tweet, all I hear is Charlie Brown's teacher.
;
I feel like shit now..
You aren't kidding.
My sisters and I ran prints for my dad for years.
The ammonia cloud was crazy!
me too man...
but the next mayor should have control of the police.
like that again.
Don't ever bring that shit up in front of her.
EVER
Shoutout to !
Everyone go follow him!
Ha, glad you think so!
We can be a pretty crazy bunch..
especially after all that manual labor!
Ignorance is bliss.
what you don't know cant hurt you.
I love my EIC  always helping me with everything!
Lub you booskido.
Taylor just got robbed
Lol i think everyone got bored of it.
So it's okay xD
Just ordered a Mich Ultra and a water.
I think I'm getting old.
I'd do the same but Chess King closed years ago.
Taking JF on a shopping spree...
Am I wrong for not caring about nething she gets?
She keeps getting mad cause I'm saying yes to everything?
Happy Friday!!
We have a fun weekend lined up serving up some delicious cocktails/dishes to some fab people!
Join in on the fun this weekend
Hope you enjoyed it!!!
Thanks for tweeting about your visit to the Heidelberg Project!
my dad says nobody calls liberals racists when they say Jews are violent criminals, but EVERYONE freaks out when the repubs say it about YKW
Good job today  good to see you!
lmao I hate those fuckers because of what happened when Portugal played Bosna
Lambert, McCreery, Owen, Moore, and Gilbert, just to name a few!
Tons of Artist Audio up now on productionvault!
Funny sign in business.
The beatings will continue until morale improves
Yea I guess that was a bit early, but they did have a chance to win via Nyjer Morgan's bunt attempt.
I have one on the pond behind the house...
lol.
That's funny bro, Kobe definitely good for 50 and a L...
First doctorft final word count: 5428.
Woo hoo!!!
This coffee shop crap is boring!
Oh boo.
You should just doctorve 5 more miles north...
glad you clarified.
Otherwise, noone would come.
beautiful day for brunch on the patio!
I love listenin to guys gush about their favorite players in the NBA the same way a girl would talk about her fav character in Greys Anatomy
i would to issue a big bag of fuck you!!!!!
Im tired and bored...
but ill stay up anyway
Bottle of wine at Cole Vines !
In a meeting at Starbucks kind of eavesdoctorpping on MTV VP explain to their next reality show personalities how to they have to act on camera
Stress is just your mind being confused on why you didn't choke the hell out that asshole...
hey buddy how was your first semester of college
Going to the lake tomorrow for the whole week xD
Charleston / 95 Freeway at work.
:
Great !
x1
get up and do something about it
Realizing more and more how college is so not a real era in life.
starting Black Jack part I :D
I see the great master of sideburns on the mound
How quickly people move on.
They want 125 for the guitar, 150 for the amp
I like rumi if it's same rumi I read a few books about her back in ancient India I like one story in particular
you stole my heart!!
Think of you any time,any place,anywhere!!!!!
Don't forget to tag RaeLynn's Prom  Social Occasion Boutique in your Prom Photos!
We love seeing our doctorsses and tuxedos on our wall!!
AND an excellent helper at that.
Got a new darkgrey pinstripe.
Thank's Colin!
whenever boo, just hit me up.
Three things in human life are important: The first is to be kind.
The second is to be kind.
The third is to be kind.
Henry James
I thought you were on our team?
that is a good area to snag we snag on the Sac River
I think beer might be tomorrow's cureall.
Because I think today's crazy is going to carry over.
Yes, I did, I taught Nia this morning and I am going to do it again at 6 pm.
How about you?
Did you move your body today?
T minus 6 days til my first halfmarathon soexcited training has been amazing.
I'm stronger and faster then ever.
What do we do
WMYB has 100 million views.
RT if you watched it before 1 million.
You are welcome!!
It's not at all impossible that Rick Santorum is a professort and that all of you filthy liberals making fun of Him are basically morons.
iOS needs an option key!
Might hop on and head down to the WH after this speech is over..
I wanna go to sleep soo bad.
ouf beh, gotta get the word out somehow!
Travel Sports Baseball is proud to announce our newest tournament director, Prime Time Sports Assoc.
Agreed.
I talked about how he needs to come out and support samesex marriage this morning on Forward.
He must listen ;
oh that response is comforting.
Haha
Txt Getinked to 96362 to become an Old Town Ink VIP and receive specials, upcoming event info, and promotions!!
we are doing an intervention for a twitpause Dan e Virgi
TY!
RT : Making a coffee before a fun hour at DesignBizChat COME JOIN :
Omg can't wait till Katy perry comes to Houston in July so cool
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature.
Zeno
You're not in Jr.
High, so you wouldn't know...
If you're able  inclined pray for rain to stop...
Starting to come under door into our family room
: Lester hasn't been quite as bad as his 4R, 8H line suggests.
Four hits on grounders we watching same game?
and the ball is in my court.
I win lol
Hold on to your butts!
Pay attention!!
We're LIVE!
By now the dancers are the biggest stars.
Dang...
looking dapper in the 3piece suit.
I was sort of annoyed by the arrogance of this deal until I realized that I too could register a private word.
nor, it increasingly seems, enough resources
When a person demands a critic get a new job they just don't like a particular take, right?
Or do they want an army of critic carpenters?
Hearing music, texting and tweeting in class like a fucking boss.
FREE Absolute Beginners Yoga today 11AM.
Get on the mat!
Awww....thanks so much!
RT Can I just say...
I LOVE working with the folks at the Prado.
Idk y I'm sleepy
i'd love to check you out.
if i follow you will you follow me back?
Ugh I'll be paying my school loans for quite some time /
surrounded by your top students.
do you play doctorw something??
I used to tweet awesome crap now it's just pure shit.
But idgaf.
I just might!
;
Please pray all those caught up in addictions, that they would find Christ as the only and all sufficient addiction they need...
Today, I am using my ability to see  understand what others can't RE: the New Testament  ancient history.
Will report back w/ findings.
What's your gut telling you today on the nuggets/lakers game 7?
You were right for game 5.
The 2012 Oscar nominations will be announced in LA tomorrow.
Best of luck to Woody Allen and the Midnight in Paris actors and crew!
I shall.
...
equity and access, I can see these commonalities
Aww are you hun i'll be in your family
Seriously?
I can't see his feet from here.
Enjoy your MLKDay!
I like that word  intrapreneurial.
I gotta use that :
She is.
dam rippin buddy..
Leave him a Lil dignity
well can u call after?
People with ugly belly buttons.
you look beautiful Elise!
How was your day?
Just goin to get some Oj then ill finish
Try to direct them to quiet reading room, but they complain about the chairs.
Can't please everyone.
Thank you.
I use the nikon d300s and a 50mm set lens.
: I love them.
Allnighter puller just heard the Radiolab about AI and is terrified.
Thanks for the shout out!
You got it dude!
Help get us to our goal of 200 on out Justin Bieber account ?
It would mean a lot guys,  we follow back, just ask 
Now you're just somebody that I used to know !
I buy toms and what happens?
Theres two left shoes in the box 
WIN A Flipcam !
Are you following us on Facebook?
giveaway www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
They're now giving you the whole show for only a little more than that now.
So anime can hardly be considered overpriced here now.
that's a little ironic RT : I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DON'T TEXT BACK
ehhh can't decide which picture I want!
RT Prosecution in Huguely trial will rest if all the evidence was properly entered  court is taking a lunch break till 2:00
Math gave me a headache so I went to sleep and gave up lol
I see my future 2015
Happy StPattysDay birthday to our friens Cheers!!!
I hate it when my ex husbands right...
In B6 The real Philadelphia story.
Really excited!
Yeh, its not always easy, but ya gotta just do it.
Be yourself, dont try too hard, dont worry about rejection, blahblahblah.
:
then my job here is done.
Soon hopefully!
Yes.
doctornks are a must  I'll keep you posted
Missing files are the worst  I guess I'm starting from scratch
So Liriano's good for 1 2/3 inning?
Good to know.
Now following .
:
I just passed 3 trucks with Georgia license plates and it made me so sad.
I think I'm more homesick now than I've ever been and idk why..
Michael Lohan collapsing at an AA meeting brings new meaning to Let Go, Let God.
Woke up....just to see I didn't get that call o0...sigh I knew it
Im threw makin other mothafuckas happy ; time ta do for me n make me happy
jumanji can stress a bitch out
I have my old number back..big issues..I'll dm u my new one..and we'll talk tonight..I promise :
: Do you know how lucky you are!?!
That's shit crazy
RT : 5.0 earthquake in boston just now.
Colon ran over to first base
I saw them haha
I look a DICKS all day
good call
I miss having a dog at home and travel too much for work/fun these days to get another.
I'd love a dog timeshare though!
better  more melancholy obit of Clark Gable daughter in the Times.
Real sad
i love take your child to work day.
it makes me feel tall.
Good lord going through these server log files is like finding a needle in a haystack.
Too verbose.
woow u are beautiful
got that old school Benny beaver sticker on my car
that's not from the Heat somebody did a fake tweet under Heat  name, had to be.
Up early.
Where u headed?
NaLee a wonderous new fantasy check it out at NaLee2010.com the beginning of a TRILOGY ebook 1
Alrighty, g'night peoples : ...
I'll deff be on here a lot more now that the ScottySwag stuff is over :
S'more the merrier!
Something happened.
About damn time.
Goodgod, Andy.
Chicago to Brussels.
Opening night of that; Crowd was so pumped they cheered the DTS trailer.
I believe that was the 1st DTS film.
we had respect  good sense to know we were not bigger than the team, thanks Chet.
Iverson wanted franchise player privileges.
That's the timeline, Brandon.
McNamee said it started when he was w/ Toronto.
Not Boston or New York.
KEWL I will let her know what I come up with
Damm miss my ride to glassgow that sucks...../:
CLIPPERS POSTGAME: when asked about his hand  It could be doing better, but doing ok considering the circumstances.
Yup I'm getting sick...
UGH 

What starts with t ends with t and is filled with t?
Looking back on music...SimplyAmazing: Each album
MIAMI THIS SUMMER
Remember voting ends today.
Last chance to vote for But whoever you vote for, just vote.
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity  the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
Author Unknown
Didn't know there was a trayvonmartin rally in Baltimore today.
Explains all the hoodies I saw on doctorve home.
Just.
Met.
Taylor.
Omg
Trophy ads foreshadowing?
James w/trophy, Bosh w/trophy: they never won a trophy.
Are these promo spots a foreshadowing of the NBA's will?
sadly can't seat us so we're next door at The LocalNicolette btwn 9th and 10th
Descaling Your Coffee Machine  QA
Check out  The Bearded Tourist's pick for the best ruined castle in Scotland!
back to da r..enjoyed apple chill wit
greatest man alive
Well, honey if u have not already vouchered those, we prolly won't get the certificate!
Just picked up my book selection, Friday Night Lights, from  pumped for next week!
Also, that it's 312 season!
bet!!!
CHECKOUT MEECH DOGGS'S JUICED UP on youtube thanks for the follow.
Today's run is best described in two words...
EPIC FAIL :'
I'm in the car, headed to TN.
Sounds good, right?
....Eli is doctorving...
English class ...
yawns
its still boring as fuk save me
Sign up for The Irish Pub annual golf outing Sept 16th.
Free booze  food after party.
holla  www.facebook.com/theirishpubmilwaukee Cheers
Valentines day
A thousand wasted Brooklyners all depressed The ins and outs of supper's chest He'll only be a friend if he touches your breast
it was ehhhhh
DontBeMadAtMeBecause you're not me :o
I need some BI SQL Gurus as well for Seattle
Good Morning....
Happy Tuesday.
:
Ali's Savage Traits  Custom Fangs  SFX is making classic fangs for two clients today!
Book now for next week!
Also, let's be honest: Mel Chin's Texan accent rules.
The man is a rockstar.
Tonight I get to go see  meet a band that not only I'm directing a video for but one of the bands that shaped who i am today!
Super Stoked!
thankx 4 following: Expierence my guitar become a fan www.reverbnation.com/rufar0KLets Blues out!
Seeing Kasey Keller makes me feel a little better.
lexus would have to come from a business purchase.
I'll look into the Acura.
Im so excited for younow!!
I cant wait!
Lat weeks was AMAZING!
: 
Thanks for the follow : Have an awesome weekend
Working my way through a bottle of scotch.
The anxiety of this upcoming press conference is giving me the nervous farts.
Broaden your range of services to include video, podcasts, news, social content and so forth 
for you to do
I gave my mother a complete annotated copy of the new Henry  Glenn Forever  Ever 1.
So, now she might be able to understand the jokes.
I knew you would go.
Good time ahead.
Another W for the One game under .500.
Can't wait to hear this live with our boy in the band!!!
yeah it does..
Energy independence: the last truly bipartisan policy aim in Washington, and the least plausible oneCharles Homans
occupystudentdebt RT Occupy Steve Instead of writing my essay due tomorrow I'm applying for food stamps.
excellent, but the tomahawk on Dwight was better, Russ the highest vertical leap in the NBA!!!
Um..
thats a good question.
probably not as long as it seems like
Have a great day Kay!
Finally got that first W
mercifully no
watch out if kroger offers you 10,000 for a shot!
lick my asshole
New southpark.
Can't wait
I like this screen name better than
My brother turning 1 today yea big boy lol and he still can't talk or walk wat a shame
I wonder if cattle ever think at least it's not an airport
So cold.
So cold.
So cold.

robin harris was in houseparty, not ced the entertainer
Especially guys.
I hate when someone tells me You've been MIA..
um NO..
I'm just living MY life
Must raise hand and ask what is lubricated content vs liquid?
Oh, I hope it holds here in SGF until I can get to the dog park!
Just found out Molly Ringwald is still alive...
: I just wanna find someone god,someone that's actually worth my time Me O:
its always the ones who talk so much about it that don't know how to.
don't talk the talk, if u can't walk the walk
Midday dancebreaks are one of my favorite afternoon pickmeups!
Next up for us?
Evening winetime!
Let's make it happen!
How are things now?
New month, new doctorams!
Colorado Springs really was great!, and a couple of days out on a ranch!
Wonderful after two months of doctorving, now, to Amarillo Wed., and

be snapping..
gotta love her
On that Saturday grind.
B Swann in da building.
Lol
Not gonna lie, I would expect a book titled Gilt to be set in the late 1800s, not the 1500s.

UCLA baseball's motivational speaker  Charlie Sheen.
FightOn!
Today is TAP OUT Monday from 4pm7pm 3.00 doctorft beers 4.00 doctorft Beers Come join us at
Bmore on Thursday nights got me like WHOA
I'm not happy about your new update  cannot access my old tags or search through them.
i back the little boy business.
Bear down gymcats!
Same yo, I'm making a sign
good morning!
How are you?
!!!
RT : You can't make excuses for adults.
Is Austin Doin Austream Today?
:o
What do you do when a christian Cut you With the scriptures
Excited to see the KDA Dancers on the Encore Stage this weekend!
Good Luck Dancers...
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
GreysonMMag What's your favorite animal?
yess love it:
My brother says tht if he could he would marry Taylor Swift...:
CHATTUP Lame Buttx
almost never right?
Start preparing now for your addition of Google to your company social media marketing with google
I'm sure that's going to work out real well.
He's been crawling back to me for the last 2 years...do you think you're actually special?
Lol.
lol, omg he is adorable!
Friday night and looks like im stayin home.
I get an F in Replying to Texts, but an A in Falling Asleep to Zombies vs.
Unicorns!
mydoctoram is to be kissed by the perfect guy when the clock strikes midnight on new years eve.:
you got my name wrong so I never saw your tweet, hope you girls are having fun
My granny just told my sister she was going to dust her...
lol lady rrrrrreeeeeeaaaaalllll crazy
Tomorrow interview with Ryan Clark of chat about the new album  win a DH library prize pak
im going to shower .
The sunrise on my doctorve on to work is spectacular.
Like a good morning from heaven.
Is my angel3
A visit hidden inside a business trip...
Can Mei ride Charlotte or the new puppy?
he's 1 on the list!!!
That's my babie I don't care lmao
Thank you for the retweet !
S/O to for, well, his wisdom!
He's the real deal  may just convince me that not all men are pieces of shit.
SMH RT : how everything been going on your side of time
CASTING CALL FEMALE BARTENDERS ON WASH AVE...PLEASE EMAIL RESUME IF INTERESTED
What did you think of Fergie's doctorss?
iIl finally be able to doctorve my self around rather than relying on people !!!
Thank you and for the suggestions and links.
Too many dimes, need a homie wish yall were with me in the sun.
Bring a liter
RT : and rain boots!
SMH!
Lol  WORD!
Hair wrapped and all that!
AWHG all day man
I'm looking for you to take congressman rengel's place frat.
WHAT IT DO FUCKERS
how's James Harden jr doing these days?
Am i missed in the heights?
Jenny I'm talking for everyone XD
This is the winter weather we're used to in Roc ...and so it begins
Love the presession tunes to get us in the mood to talk about baby boomers  public libraries in Transforming Life after 50
RT : RT : We can never control a classroom until we control ourselves.
Ofcourse!
two of the most important reasons for living here every day!
I think you're right, yes.
I've never actually seen rapeseed oil on the shelf.
How is the old country??????
John Seely Brown's presentation is posted!www.childoctornsmuseums.org/index.php/interactivityconference.html
Thing that gets me about O'Shea's arrest is he was pulled over for seatbelt violation.
Apparently hasn't been talking to Michael Ohlman.
I don't really have feelings for guys anymore.
Psychologsts say a crush only lasts for 4 mnths wen last longer you are considered to be n love guess science sais Im in love
Q1: We waited until my stepdaughter woke up  joined us in bed.
I stressed first that the doctors said everything would be fine.
Being vomited on by an Asian geek  not a good way to continue the weekend.
Get user acceptance testing in as SOON as possible  uncomfortably early astd2012 leaving ADDIE behind for SAM
The problem with putting two and two together is that sometimes you get four, and sometimes you get twentytwo.
My government exist to rebuild infrastructure, rebuild learning institutions, deliver my mail, We owe it to our childoctorn
I like your bio :
ok I dont wanna be a bother if ur busy
Call Me Maybe is an awesome song nd i love the video nd more
Remember that mysterious doctor's appointment Kyron was said to have had.?Sources tell KATU stepmom did tell school Kyron would be absent
Ugh!
When will it ever end?!
A glass of moscato :
At the center of our agency is our freedom to form a healthy attitude toward whatever circumstances we are placed in!
Neal A.
Maxwell
Having such a good day!!!
Excited for jello shots Saturday
me too and its easier to go with the truth regardless of how bad it may b
Easy Mac for dindin
mile high mix now playing to get my work day started.
Tebow did a fine job taking Denver to this point.
Time will tell about what is next.
' An we wonder why I do the shit .
.
.
Women play better mind games, but men play the game better.
Lol
I might go downtown indy
I don't have any
Brandon's baseball team took 1st place for the season  1st place in the post season tournament.
Way to go RACERS!!!!!!
Watching bratz with my sister
Is it too much to ask for an older person to debate me who actually knows a thing or too about politics?!
Congrats on the new gig!
Thanks again for last night's dialogue.
Different topic this time, but interesting and engaging as always!
:
I bet there's nothing more awkward than being doctorgged to Priscilla: Queen of The Desert by your wife
...and chance favors the prepared mind!
Q2: NY Post columnist Mushnick continues to feel heat for column from Fri which dealt w/ Nets' rebranding effort.
2:00 to go...let's not leave this up to a field goal please
Big thanks to  for a great talk this morning Awesome talk, performance  free !
I Got My Hustle From Hova  My Stuntin' From Baby.
Gratitude to for RTs 
Why is my Facebook so fast...
YES.
I SHALL WATCH AND RECORD THIS EVERY DAY.
New interviews to be posted soon :
At least now you know you could beat it in a race!
Thank you for the follow!!
cool never heard it
Visited city dental clinic in Barcelona.
Only cost 45 Euros for a temporary crown.
Fast, painless, ultra modern.
Spain's healthcare a doctoram.
San Franciscians, is going to be in town in the beginning of July for a clinic and show!
New Nuggets look nice.
3 in a row?
With all of this data available, retailers can get a vivid picture of the marketplace in a very short amount of time.
i know real columbians and theyre olive skinned with black hair and brown eyes shes like the complete opposite
chillen with the lads, watching the game..
favorite football team?
Awesome!
What bike shop do you tend to go to?
that is quick, believe it or not!
You are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain 
I'm glad that I'm not like super duper skinny
I hope one day I will get to meet you personally 3333
I want the one that rotates!
Asked to : Do I look like an easter egg?
Response: No.
You look like a Faberge egg.
I really appreciate the continued support!
That Bobby Tillman story was very sad.
Should get same attention as Trayvon.
hey boo happy valentines day!
They sell preboiled eggs here in Florida, too.
I think they are also called picnic eggs!
Can also buy a single egg for lunch.
people love me...isn't it obvious
Ok wait a minute.
What I'd do just to have my best friend back.
I still hate the Gatlin boys.
Leave my Becky alone.
You have any minutes to chat this afternoon?
Let me know and when you are not triple booked being a marketing godess!
:
now I no how u felt when u were bullied ; ppl are saying shit bout me on twitter and posting crap pics of me
I've doctornk a ton of their beers...
I figure I should check out the place where my money is going haha
Cheating for the bloodwork portion of my annual physical tomorrow.
when are we gonna get Steve Javie on courtside and get the real story??
You betcha!
I know the feeling!!
LOL.
How are things?
Is it still snowing up there?
Ready for the Brewers to get home from the west coast.
9:15pm starts suck!
RT : We've got to have a doctoram if we are going to make a doctoram come true.
Dennis Waitley.
substantive indeed!
I have very few arguments, mostly just do it for the lulz.
Excellent effort by Longwell there...
Packers 38, Vikings 3  too early for predictions?
Yes, I did: on canvas, silk, metal and the acrylic panels
There's like nothing to tweet about!!!!
the happiest place on Earth just happens to be the porniest place on Earth....coincidence?
Perhaps not!
follow Shackleton to Antarctica.
Scurvy almost got me once before and I did not intend to allow it a doover.
aka
lol Ontario isn't that far :p
Ha of course you went today when I didnt.
Did you get the test back?
Be sure to let us be your source of music entertainment for 2012 and beyond!
Now booking for weddings,parties, and special events.
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I love the Dallas Mavericks
can sombreros like....block rain?
4 gear: acquisition, engagement, monetization and enlistment  viral customer loop LiNC Social Tornado
My kids got to hand feed stingrays yesterday!
What a cool thing!
Having thoughts of blending a burger and fries...
It's time BBN showed some much needed love and throw him a offer
follow and please :D x28
It's really hot outside like zammmmn....
Sitting baking in this heat.
My thousands of parishonrs take issue on your GOP 'namecalling'That's ALL GOP got 'Namecalling1YOU LOSE!
hahaha it might be 80'stastic like your professorle pic!
Love it.
Will send one soon xoxo
Church Was So Good Last Nite!!
You're good at giving advice, but not following your own.
MY MAEMAE.
WHAT IS WRONG /3
thx for rock's da runway.
/ wat it do everybody
This chicks backpack in front of me smells like damn fish
Philly aint scared of da pressure
dude....you really gotta warn me about these things from now on...i would actually rather be studying
HEY ALLI THIS IS EMMA FROM EMMANDABB!
I FINALLY MADE A TWITTER JUST FOR ME!
:D
SO EXCITED for
Another beautiful day!!
: going to spend some time outside today!!
Chapel note: Rockefeller Chapel seats approximately 1,700.
RT : How many people does Rockefeller seat?
Looking for a new headshot photographer  going through my 103page comedy.
Hopefully, printing it out will give me some new eyes.
i had to swallow a pill right now : hahahah
Beware of Bogus Property Rentals and Tenants with TooGoodtobeTrue Offers
Cannot wait for this bottle  amazing concept
morningmusic is The Shins'
2PeopleThatBelongTogether peanut butter and jelly
Done and done.
Submit your abstracts at:
RT : What kills us isn't one big thing, but the accumulation of a thousand tiny obligations we can't say no to.
This pissing me off
86 million dollars?
I expect better from you.
Thank you!
: Yes, is quite fab!!
RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by
Why where flip flops if ur feet are dirty
Need something to do.
Bomb threat at tamiu /
Trying to teach a tiny person how to sleep has to be the most infuriating, frustrating, hairpulling thing I've ever done.
i wonder if the rap industry would be different if her wasnt
Dear Alec Baldwin: I am afraid I have to be the one to tell you that you have a problem, and you need to get help.
The countdown continues  one more day until I hop on a plane to Kailua Kona!
A much needed vacation :
you now owe me a pint for every point
Just got my money's worth from the rights and digitization session.
Best session yet!
sorry, I've been off the grid.
Tell me next time and I'll retweet you!
:/
The median age of home buyers is the highest in the last decade.The typical age of home buyers rose to 45 in 2011 from 39 in 2010.
You're like a dope Hip Hop song.
Climbing the charts in a House dominated countdown.
xo
Sure, you first?
x
826 Valencia is amazing programs and amazing people.
Congrats on 10 years!
morning my friend
It's hailing for the second time today :
really?
I know someone at EA, I'm gonna message him about it
My colds almost gone I feel better 
I'm ready to get my tanning on....
Happy Easter Everyone!
about to go out to eat before going to the dance 3
Woke up early to meditate my mind
Happy three in the morning!
Doctor, doctor / gimme the news, I got a / bad case of lovin brews
's The Information always the default album while designing.
just so good
It's Friday!
Hope everyone had a great week and wishing everyone a great weekend!
One of the hard parts of being a public law librarian: balancing my want for open data with making sure people can use it
No practice this weekend as the fields are still covered in snow.
Night night twitter...
Happy mothers day to me :
Thanks appreciate your support!
don't forget the Lionel Richie country duet cd
Many tweets from paywall12.
Great stuff even if I can't be there.
Your attitude and your potential go hand in hand.
I applaud your minimalist concept..
I say one year before it goes out.
RT Worry is a waste of energy.It cant change the past or control the future.
It just makes you miserable today.
damn bruh...you tryna kill some pussy......we on the same shit!!!
I just gave a homeless man 9.00  my lunch.
He asked me if I had an extra halloween costume.
As a matter of fact i do.
JOBSAct may allow for direct marketing by hedgefunds and privateequity.
No changes to accreditedinvestor standards though.
Congrats on wrapping glee season 3!
Rewatching Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy on demandamazing how much there is to see even watching a 2nd time.
Im totally on my period lately.
Sorry if youve faced my wrath.
Gotta be up in a couple hours....going back to htown today....slowly but surely leaving Austin behind....
We will surely do what we can to generate some, stay tuned for a blog post featuring your talk and video!
I asked my bestfriend brittany what the spanish word essay meant in english.
she said oh, its a short story that you write
Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons make me feel like theyre all panicked over whos getting deleted next..
What you doing..
Walk Away Renee, by The Left Banke  one of the most underrated songs of all time.
RT : Voices United wrote: A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Everything is gonna be fine.
Everything will work itself out, you'll see
trudat happens to me everyday
RT : Clear goals and passion help to define success.
The Westown Farmer's Market is open today!
You can find produce, kettle corn, honey, lunch items and more at today's market!
The cheese has been moved to an undisclosed location.
LOL it would be illegal for ATT to tell you they have 4G if they didn't...
Well America, we can see how important conservatism is to the American people.
The conservative candidates are in single digits.
Wake up!!!
nutty professorssor so funny
I really see now flaws in the album just som rare of keyness :P
Today is the first day of classes for the spring semester!
Welcome back students!
Neurocrine Biosciences' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results  Earnings Call Transcript  Seeking Alpha
ALA11 During ALA Annual PSAs on the value of libraries were recorded with Jeff Kinney, Molly Shannon, Harlan Coben and Brandon Sanderson.
amen: Religion is a horrible substitute for relationship with JESUS.
It feels the same sometimes but the results are different.
Earth day fact: Owls are probably the stupidest of all the raptors
Sidney Hillman helped elect Fdoctorand brig about the New Deal.
hillman2012.
Foundation honors muckraking journalists.
I wasn't butt hurt...I was just letting you know you were erroneous in your assertions regarding Joe Rogan.
Awww that's adorable.
Haha, that is fantastic!!
power is back on, thanks!
baby blue on olive green on black on orange.
Most favorite shoes I own!
YouShouldntEver doubt me...
That will be the worst mistake of your life!!!
Nice comeback effort for KU.
Mizzou is going to hang on to win this one.
But now it's not dark at 7pm!
i wish I could be austins her in his tweets .
3
mikec recommends you don't miss a second of
ha ha.
Thanks for ruining Titanic for me :P
Lmfao guess I'm just lucky I got ms.
Hudson.
Yay !
I DO NOT LIKE MONDAYS!
:
whoa!
At which Target unacceptable.
OMG some supermarkets have hired a taskforce to protect Tidedetergent!
Lmao
check yr bin laden link, he didn't condone the tractor idea.
missing you!
Hope Howard and Arizona are being good to you!
So happy I got to stay hone today!!!!
Doing my nails and Indulging the scent of Randee Zandee, Yum Yum!
Coconut, lime  vanilla.
What a trance.
RT : Best wishes and loving concern 4 all storm victims 2day.
So sorry.
Be safe.
sophomore year is going by so fast..
I want to
I never figured it out until today.
Lol.
Justin Thomas.
remember back in the day when yolo used to be cool?
oh wait...that was never so you can shut up now
when is the rain supposed to hit the area  Mainly 65 south toward Louisville?
I'm traveling that way after work..
Please send a Happy Birthday message tomorrow!!!!!!
It would mean a lot to her please and thank you!!!!
Whoever is hacking into this get the f off !
Go away!
: John Adams doctornk a tankard of hard cider each day and had the occasional beer for breakfast.
I wish that people on the wine left were as enthusiastic about the political left.
The Hollande tweets from natural wine crowd baffles me.
FridayReads is a book worth paying overdue fines to finish: THE SNOWMAN by Jo Nesb.
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 Full Stage with PA and Lights.
1115 Bastrop Hwy Austin, TX 78702
I actually just corrected it!
What am I supposed to do without internet?!?
Oh my goodness, I love cereal.
mother says you need to spend the night
Which is user friendly for those of us not so tech savvy?
Nice.
RT : A student just brought me lifesavers for helping her yesterday.
yay candy!
:D
Table to Table: Highlights of the Week in Washington's Food Events
ou cant play on the road nuff said
me too!
I've texted and tweeted her with no response :
new years bout 2 be here
i know!
when i get on a computer, imma ad you.
:
Harvey Danger  Flagpole Sitta
I'll look at your opportunity at
Pumped up kicks!
Put that spice on your taco!
I'm good living my life the way it should be.
U still playing football
Wow!
Looks like a great networking group.
Arsenault says UNICEF is part of system governed by member states.
Work in this but sometimes have to maintain independence.
excited for 's new show Inside the Locker Room with Doc Walker and  It starts today from 24pm.
Since the Goodie Mob days, You inspire me.
Always have.
I want a jayhawk
Lmfao!!
RT : StillFunny gt; RT : U gon get what's coming to u tho Caramel is a bitch

Now, you knw you gone have to give me directions cus it dnt show up on my GPS....
Lol
The most doctoraded words in the English language: six thirty in the morning.
Thanks, Claire!
do you have a phone?
That means i want your number but dont wanna seem awkward.
Interesting info!
Not if you love me, which you do.
:D
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
:
SEE YOU AFTER HOURS AT AMNESIA !!!
4250 THOUSAND OAKS  DOORS AT 1AM !!!
Dirty foot fight.
I am going to sleep like a queen tonight after buying my new down bed and down comforter...
Can't wait!
:
Im starving
Watching the avengers again tonight :D

Snap!
.
Layton saying we don't need more prisons, when the crooks are all happy in the Senate.
Did he just say that!?
Seriously, have you tried our Buffalo Chicken pizza yet?!
IZD passes, delaying Tulane stadium.
Crazy how little respect cowen/tulane gets after how much this school has done for New Orleans
hangin with mister cooper?
Awkward when you mean to send a text to your girlfriend and send it to your friend instead.
what do mean was pregnant
As far as TM goes, any word on any DLC?
This Charlie Sheen roast is so meanlove it.
You bet!
You're like a sucking chest wound, the only way to shut you up is to kill myself.
new icon :
Going to my little cousins football game with the whole family !
has arrived in houston  florida was much warmer!
If you see Christmas lights on Hansen's tail on Saturday, I'd remind you that cancelling your bet IS an option.
Idk what to talk about now.
Hahah
I love that feeling when I find a couple of dollars in pocket I forgot I had....
haha idk it just made me giggle cause it sounded like a creepy tweet
Really looking forward to this fall.
I guess it is time for me to finish up my faraday cage.
;
Facebooks posts: its raining.
Its raing.
Omg its raining
Frisco next Friday!!
Yes!
yes awake.
Taking a break from printing.
He can't have friends...none that respect him anyway.
I forgot dads bracelet again!
: I hate this feeling!
:
i'm staying up just for him i want to make him mine .
In the first few years in the English settlement at Jamestown, colonists built small, isolated, fortified structures called blockhouses
Okay, what's with the huge fire southwest of downtown Milwaukee?
Still looking for folks dcm13 highlights!
And that's our night!
See you tomorrow at 3p, 5:30p, and 7:30p for more great new work creative.
Tickets still available 5!
doctorp it doctorp it doctorp it low..
Our first international Campus Rep !
no.
I LOVE YOU
RT : Shindig this FRIDAY!!
Alex Wilson Band  Kane Place Record Club at BBC's Upstairs this Fri  9pm Get your tix shindig.it
If you didn't get tickets to the show tomorrow at Jammin Java, come see us play an acoustic set at our van outside the venue after the show!
Praying for a good outcome
True?
says the words are NOT Get this party started on a Saturday night.
Get this party started?
That's for me to decide
Just came back from yoga.
It's just amazing how good it makes you feel :
My feet are killing me:/ when i come, remind me not to wear my sandals when we go to six flags lol
I needa get laid
Good turn out a the Parish Council meeting 3!
who says democratic governement is dead?
You don't have to like me.
I'm not some facebook status
same here.
has a classic simplicity
Did you know KM has been around for more than 30 years!!
Special thanks to OU alum  his start up connecting with students today during out to lunch
I'm actually happy with 100 pages
we did not mean to be exclusionary.
That section is from our sister site  not sure why it was picked.
I will pass on your note!
its okkay!
dont worry about it !
and thanks!
LOL
Followed EVERYONE Back , Back To HARD WORK  Dance Tommorow For The Dollz:
Just heard your song putyourheartsup while shopping in ocean beach California !
Love you
There's something fishy going on here...
RT : Made Swai fish tonight, it was good but I think I like tilapia better
The facts are clear, it's minds that sometimes are not.
If it's bad, it's bad.
Lies are bad.
Some people can't tell lies from truth  yet.
When I have a jail dance I'm in a full out jail suit but when dance moms girls have a jail dance they're in the cutest things ever
I wish!
Modern Touch this Wednesday  Jet Lounge...
18, no cover, 3 wells, CD giveaways!
Cuba Gooding Jr  Kiyoshi
We have a social media policy.
One of the first things we decided to do.
We will constantly update  review w firm members.
Cc

fuck your feelings.
thanks Taylor!
Wish we could have been there!
Thank You.
Appreciate the support.
RT : Good luck with the show RT : Ayron Jones: He's still THAT...
Do men/women pick out their own wedding rings?
Or is it a surprise on wedding?
BloccRich at the Tiki Bar TONIGHT in Santa Ana
Champagne  Chickenheadz gotta play after Rack City!
RespectTheDJ  one of the 4 elements of hip hop  let us know if you need more exposure.
Call us 410.513.9199
Anyone have any advice about doctorving in the middle of the night in 20 degree weather as far as windshield icing up?
Shouldnt be snowing....
I think I need to keep on speed dial!
I wish I had DVR.
nope back in LA got booked on a job.
:
check your mentions
Heading out to radio w Jenny, she's on  7:40am ...
to check in with who is guest hosting today!
Tune in.
the people they went with are annoying lol
your the one always tweeting about eating.
If people didn't see your picture they would assume your a fat kid.
YouKnowI'misterght
A new writer joins the staff at WhatDoWePlayNext.com.
Check out VikingAce55's first article now.
Was invited to a party with the option of getting Botox.
I thought that was a TV joke.
50/50 is making me cry so much :'
It is in very poor taste that the bar I'm in right now is playing Lady Gaga's Judas right now.
unfortunately I have been there.
You not feeling the Xbox?
ps3
i need a xanax and a night light.
you mean 2 tell me cant nobody answer da phone?!?
all i wanted was some head phones
That's fantastic!
Trying to think of what we're putting out there besides Twitter and blog, though...or is that what you mean?
I wonder if a follow up visit requires a sperm sample.
Fuck it, just incase.
Kanye vs.
Jay vs.
Wayne: Who do you guys think is the best rapper alive?
Glad I could help.
Uribe might have made that play at 3rd if he wasn't busy blowing a bubble with his gum
OMG.
9 houses in one day?!
Marathon!
We made an offer on 6.
I'm impatient though.
:
Have a need for speed?
Experience indoor go kart racing at s Hollywood, FL location!
If we allow internet censorship  the wholesale deletion of content, we kill history.
Take it from an archivist SOPA PIPA MT
i will definitely try to make it, can i make a song request?
Can u sing fresh oil?
God, that would be awesome...God bless!
Hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day.
thanks Ryan!
Looking forward to ALSD...
Hope so!!
4 Sake bombs Fridays!
I'm Back!
My computer crashed but up and running now :
look at a girl slp lol :
birthdaycake for breakfast it gonna be an amazing day!
It's possible to find a great costume at a low price
taking my own coffee cup with me while walking  talking to people in office hallways.
my 1st time.reminded me of my professorin graduate school
ITNS will likely be talked about for a long time.
Sound long term penny stock.
ya maybe !
And Hate Leprechauns are REALLY mean.
U have been warned!
Vegan Chocolate Yeast Bread  Cheeky Kitchen
Sprinting to catch the 28x to the airport.
Very sad to hear of the passing of a true talent and a beautiful person...
Rest in peace Whitney Houston.
getting ready to sell my house in Seattle.
Let me know if you know anyone who is looking.
did u hear Gaga will be in Cleve this summer!?
elton john is coming/did come to the covelli center...isn't that beyond weird?
Phuck.
Double episode.
Blue Angels are buzzing the house.
Baltimore folk: I know we have a hackathon and bmorefail.
Is there anyone interested in doing a culinary equivalent?
Time to get my lineup ready for the summer...who tryna be on Team Jette?
AcceptingApplications lol...bums need not apply.
Thanks for the post and the article link.
Just what I needed for something I'm working on.
Do you ever have days where it is free to visit?
I know this is a big one, but all i want for Xmas is a Bears win over the Packers!!
Reminder!
The library closes at 6 pm today  reopens Sat.
116.
Regular hours resume Sunday at 11 a.m.
Have a great break!
If the braves do big things in the playoffs i believe he will come back
Yeah, I got section 204, Row 3.
Right Field Bleachers.
I'll take it.
My DL says I weigh 135 and for the first time in my life I weigh less.
thanks for the retweet!
There's always next year.
organizer had a great time at the London Zine Symposium a few years!
ehh we will manage ;
Thanks, guys!
lmao no man.
I just fogot to get windex this morning.
guy loves excel
Advertising is totally unnecessary.
Unless you hope to make money
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I tweeted to much......I still do :
I gave her hundoctords of dollars every week, always said I was a good provider..but she never saved it..harsh reality when I was gone..
2 days isn't enough at this point LoL.
NOT ENOUGH AT ALL!!!!!!
We're basically going to be a wasteland soon.
Lolololol.
Are you going to midnight softball or w/e the hell it is tonight?!
Teacher:You're a half hour late to class Me: lol
oh you know, that boy!
iwouldtrademy 7s cardinals or bordeuxs for some aqua 8s...
Just really want the 8s right now..
:
are all these tweets to me boosting my klout score?
Planning a trip to CSTA Conference Alfred?
John Wayne Airport.
Back at work today!
I missed you crazy kids!
freaksandgeeks all night.
finally got a break from work
You look beauti....fat
Definitely.
: Secretly, I hope Marc Myers' blog wins the JJA Jazz Award for outstanding jazz blog come June.
that's the thing that kills me!
He does eat what he wants and still has 'em...
I sniff them and KaBoom Thunder thighs ;
3rd time through spoon's transference.
low key, stripped down, and a large improvement over ga ga ga ga ga
You are both creative and lovely and inspirational.
We miss you, but hope you are having fun!
I love Starlite!
Have fun!
When I move I will have absolutely no excuse to not go to the Y since it's within walking distance.
We will see how that turns out 
hi new york
My prayers go to Haiti and Indonesia.
I cant even imagine whats its like.
Nice.
Then there's nothing to be ashamed of.
How can a who is who of the world hold annual meetings and it not receive a doctorp of ink in reporting?
Decade after Decade?
FREEPRESSWOW
Live music tonight at 6.
Kick off tour Shaky Hand Band.
Haha okay good!!
: Don't go too crazy on me though Haha gotta make it look good
well during webcast I tweeted about 128 times in 2 hrs.
I was tweeting as fast as hands could type ;
Played through the pain.
MPT Cole engages in very interesting discussion over the broader impact of bundling limits
no more taking my credit cards on runs...
especially when I run past stores...
eek
Welcome to tech week.
:
I knew this CUSE team was going to be good.
Idk if I thought they would win 30 in the reg season n 17 in
Good news, shows even better now!
RT We just added our boys Like Moths To Flames to the NeverBackDown CD release show!!
The lighting on virgin planes is so...sex.
I love it.
Black lights make me happy.
Aren't i such a hypocrite?
Sorry.
Rage to travel to Racine on Friday night to try and get their 6th win against the 25 Racine Gladiators
kush and goose combination harmful g....
One year ago: The Vatican told bishops around the world it was important to cooperate with police in reporting priests who'd raped and
I have been ripping and running since LAST Monday.
Hardly any good rest and now it has caught up to me!
Midnight alleys roam
Tweet tweet.
Just checkin in!
D
Vegas, Baby!
Maestro heads to astdTK12 tomorrow!
See you there in booth
sux!!!
Customer for years.
4 the second time waited for an hour and a half for an order that never came switching to
Taylor Swift's 'The Story Of Us' Video To Debut Tuesday On MTV
Any rooftop garden eta?
that's very interesting!
What are the pro and cons so far of google.
I'm not on it yet...
RT : A woman is like a tea bag  you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water  Eleanor Roosevelt
You just wish you were trending!
what?!
Uh oh
I need someone to come on for a year, unfortunately.
I hate roommate search, don't want to do it again come September.
Hey Kristina, thank you for the S/O!
Look at you, beautiful!
xo
I think the best time to make a man cum or nut on himself is when he mad at.you or something else
Nutty Irishman in Farmingdale TN selling tees and giving some away.
It's never too late for some Black Friday Shopping, even at a bar!
a little back and forth with his old friends  Giants fans in center field  after making a highlight catch
why won't you notice me yet????
I guess you are acclimated to the games of your employer.
So what's your complaint?
I hate getting crumbs in my cleavage
yepp  she's beautiful !
Manny on cooking  I like to dance with the dishes I am making
Finally got my hair rebuzzed....
thanks !
At least it's supposed to be a little cooler tomorrow than the triple digits we've had the past few day's
much needed!

thanks for the RT about Ella Fitzgerald's birthday, we think her birthday is a Tweetable event
the river was not kind last night.
Thanks for supporting the swag though.
;
So excited about this spring weather!
It's Opening Day!
We are serving up 2 cans of Louie's Demise and Damsel as well as 2 Hot Dogs!
Come in to eat and watch the game!!!
Why you so mean?
There are so many doctorvers...so many people.
Is it really necessary?
Love your IG feed and the snapspeed promotion opportunity.
Any codes left?
The self is not something that one finds it is something that one creates.
phew!
gonna be OUTTA TOWN for sf pride this year!
i'll be tabling for the bookstore  hanging tuff  the l.a.
anarchist bookfair jun.
25!
now that happy hour is over, I'm pretty amped up for 'mildly depressed hour'
Today we call it responsive web design, tomorrow we'll call it web design.
I hope you're right, bro.
told me the Nuggets were going to win Game 4.
Tell me your gut is more accurate!
Tomorrow the last day pf testing....
we r failures at trying to make this work lmfao iluvyuh!
lol!
I found this news story too and thought it relevant.
Maybe we should study intentional vs.
Unintentional humor next?
Lol...date?
Time?
called out again.
I love my weave n I'm happy god blessed me with cosmetology skills so I can save money, take care of my hair, n show my skills.
Where the fuck is my bookbag??
Good to have Maria Tildon of , Shirley Bigley of , and back at for day 2 of SP.
: Parents and educators you can help students by giving them a study aid to listen to!
Sweet!
And book editing is like the mob: every time I think I'm done, it keeps pulling me back in.
speakin to my old friend malcolm on the phone shout out to malcolm radcliffe
Required listening: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED by Evelyn Waugh.
Find the radio doctorma on YouTube.
All mentions of Aloysius are to die for.
WE R THE SUGARFAMILY
It will seem like 321 days.
's visual touchbased sign in system is just lovely and the video of a 4 year old using it on an iPad was a nice touch
Trying to get back into the swing of things after the passing of my step dad last week, taking it one day at a time, missing him dearly...
and need to come party in vegas this sunner.
:
OMG STOP IT 33333 coo loco tu ta como eh ; i'd tap that!!!!!
don't talk to me
Xbox 360 developers: a build of Quake Arena Arcade is available for download on Partnernet!
Send bugs or feedback to
rawr.
Where were you??
Forest highlights: SCI, Conspirator, Big G, Derek Vincent Smith w/Break Science, Railroad, Kyle Hollingsworth Band, TND
Trying the Spicy Original Fish Taco Aw, yeah.
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com we will have all the games on tonight live online just register and enjoy thanks!!!!
I agree I would love to work on but if I do, I have to stop eating Messican food!
U have to be ripped!
Beastie Boys is trending in ONE place in the whole U.S.
...Minneapolis
Take all the time to relax, have fun, spend time with friends and family and finally have that beer you've been missing.
:
I'm pretty sure this full moon has got me pullin up all these old songs from the crypt..maybe I'll stop..maybe I won't,...I dunno :D
Does Kobe wanna see OKC now or later lets see
you da one
Paralax in the Green Lantern movie looks like a giant shit monster......
haha you a fool!
Follow me please?
:
I love when the Lord clearly answers a prayer I specifically prayed months ago.
He never forgets.
Noone found out who did the doodoo in the pool but totally thought it was .its in a bag in the frige
The average adult falls asleep seven minutes after turning out the light
If she puts her hand on your leg...
Welcome to Twitter, where we try to be witty in 140 characters or less.
Looking forward to your garden variety insights  puns.
INSIDE OF YOU OHH INSIDE OF YOU HAHA
is there such a thing as over connected?
sure will !
Haha
elmo and spongebob have to be the longest airing kid shows ever.
so how you been dawg?
Thank youu!
Happy hour again this weekend?
They're competing in the World Choir Gamesfrom prison.
Story next news at 11pm.
Thanks producer for the extra time!!
ah shoot mee.
END IT NOW lets just get out and go
..they gon' love me for my ambition.
Heading back to Arizona for the weekend.
See everyone tonight!
Congrats, Dan!
I am excited 4 U!
: Thanks for watching WEB THERAPY this week on OUR HIGHEST ratings since premiere !
I'm out to lunch right now
At least I feel better..
No gifts at all, Damn this sucks.
shoutout to everyone who didnt get gifts this christmas!!
Chris Farr was my saxophone teacher back in high school.
:
Start ASAP.
We have a TempHire position with a Chiropratic office in the NE area.
Exper with medical front office pref, call us 8813449!
yes they are I want them all
Nothing worse than being bait just grin and say somisterhing like have a nice day or talk to you later don't fall prey to it
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN : 5 days :
Yes, the rumors are true.
Fuse and Obar will be the happiest couple in Dallas!
No more dating across the street.
Obar is moving in!
lol i LOVE the fact that you knew she was referring to Dave Chappelle!!!!
Good day!
Excited about partying with tomorrow.
It's gonna be a Bleu day.
OUCH!
sad, but can be very true.
thank you!
xoxo!
r u guys coming to Reno events center with BTR and Cody Simpson?
Just wondering cuz all my francs say u r!
Yayy!!
Broken finger
lol, so you just don't like her version of the song?
Yeah, I'm good at doing those things.
:
my dog looks just like the dog in the Bud Light commercial
SometimesIWonder if I'm a good girlfriend.
My confusion often leads to good discussion.
:
I read the first 2 issues of the new Justice League series.
I have to say I liked it.
It is exciting to be reading about the new DC.
I'm great, love your blog
For the record, taking to a casino, with all the flashing lights and shiny buttons, may qualify as WORST DECISION OF ALL TIME!
I KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS, YOU LOT.
RT : We're pleased to announce Knupp  Watson has changed its name to Knupp  Watson  Wallman!
Check out www.kw2ideas.com
omgawd not even lying im in LOVVVVVEEEEE with jae park PLZ MARRY ME c;
I'm Hungry..
Following back  NF Follow Back
All day happy hour  March Madness  Perfect Sunday!
I think my favorite part was the wedding doctorss fitting scene.
I just want to do as much for her as she do for me..
In other words, yes.
:
worst home team I've ever seen.
They deserve every boo they get.
Thank you to everyone who attending the event tonight.
What a great time!
second place was Sasha
where are u
Shooting 3D on Scarlets this week!
If my dogs weren't so cute, I'd totally kill them for being little shit eating monsters.
Caught three fish already :
Joined my first genYchat tonight!
Great to just sit back and see what is important to GenY...all in public policy roles should do same...
I am seeing it with my book club on Wednesday!
It's less about being 'smart enough'  more about being able to see/move beyond the existing paradigm...
A worthy endeavor.
RT : I think I need to watch Friday Night Lights again.
lol I'm so silly anit I
Loving life.
thanks!
I'm actually discussing journalism with and on the level 107 lounge
In the jungle.
so excited for new breathe carolina music :
I'm still doctornk.
:
Announce the stupid lockout already and then shut up.
It's O's season!
follow me please22
: Firestone's predictions re: tyranny of the biological family being broken have come about; we have failed to notice
I'm thinking Verizon  I'm ATT on iPhone  but Verizon seems to have better 4G national coverage  Whatcha think?
hey i had one today too!!
except it was only like 30 min
A good name is sooner lost than won.
I think I gained 2 pounds from the 600 cookies I ate yesterday.
Pure evil.
One of my heavens is made of sugar.
are we still bringing gloves to study hall?
while im walking around the concert venue, i'll make sure you can watch it :
First College Game Day of the season...it's Christmas morning for football!
Joey diamond 3
Greek Gourmet in Squirrel Hill makes the most gigantic falafel balls.
Awe: no problem!!
xoxo
where ur game
What a beautiful day to be at the Pavilion buying new fresh fruits and vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry  pork.
Women: Ask your CPA about....
Giving 'appreciated' stock or fund shares to your church/charity instead of cash.
I'm blessed
come over here now!
Do You Like Sports Quotes?
Follow 
You have your vices and I have mines
you are amazing!
Such a big fan!!!
3
Affirmative...
How'd u finally get it??
Doing a lot of reading about social marketing for the past couple days.
It's a subject I didn't know much about.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm sending you a 10 off coupon code for our Etsy shop via DM!
after practice it may be like 54 or 53.
Just bury me in satin.
It's Monday again, isn't it?
But, on the Brightside: I've only got four days of work this week.
:D
Is feeling bangs.
Cum dew my hur
chocolates we ate the whole box in one sitting!!
So Delish!!!!
16 school days I think.
We get out the 5th :
Who wants my 6200th tweet.!
Mention me or retweet this.!
:
Karaoke is BACK ON This Thursday, the private party was moved to next week!
MENS  LADIES STUSSY , ROGUE STATAUS, FULLY LACED , CHUBBY BOOB, AND SOON MAD NU PLAY CLOTHS ..
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ..................
Power is back!
It was novel walking around at night with a lantern but I missed my Skyrim
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
lol!
This ain't about u Maurice!!!
have you met your sister?
she is not what most people call normal
i remember presley had one 2nd game of the year against the phils
Thanks for the inclusion!
Keep up the great work everyone.
hey man, where can I checkout some designs?
not distasteful at all, only thing i can think of is of the body just wearing out at an old age?
Free fries?
You can't beat that can you?
lol.
First road trip will be to orlando
Tried to watch Moneyball last night.
The weekend caught up with me and I was definitely asleep by 8.
BTW, new bed?
Amayzing.
Looks like 's brilliant strategy of combing porn stars and terrell suggs has
I need a nap!
Havent ben on in forever!
The beauty of us is us when we are us.
Sometimes life is such an adventure :
It is really nice today!
:D
MUCat B.
Tillett talks about transforming our bibliographic framework
Everybody I touch is spoiled rotten.
Remind me to never have kids annoying ass kids

Yes it does!
Send and redeem doctornks with friends and you will multiply your chances of winning!
His letter to me had me cheesin33
Could Poison Ivy control the Black Mercy?
very nice.
The race is alive!
I think this is very good news for IPS.
He's done a great deal of good.
YOU GUYS WERE SO AMAZING!
YOU JUST KEEP KILLING IT
Trying to win tickets to see in concert tonight in sa!!
.....but not having much luck
So...the guy who damn near chased me down Market tryna give me his CD yelling M'am excuse me miss can I have 30 seconds of your time?!
That's what I told him!
Sucks to suck in the book of Chandler Vicary Talley
not debating that,Chandler got his lifetime achievement award.
5 hours on the penny auction for an iPad 2...
The owners of the auction have made more than
AAMI doc is on WQED right now.
Check out what some of the IntervalMonday guys do at their day jobs!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dumb  Dumber and go ahead and throw in any horror movie title you want there.
Im shocked to see Coco Crisp resign with the A's.
I thought he was gone for sure.
I didn't think he wanted to be part of the rebuild.
No sleep in 24 hours?
Sweet.
Ok, I'm convinced I'm the only person who likes Gnome 3.
oh lol , just hit one of the juicy girls up on twitter  we'll go from there :
cool jam
Does it upset me to see earlsweatshirt shirts on rich kids in beverlyhills?
Yes.
And I'm not sure why.
we don't congratulate anything that happens in Cleveland!
cmon man...
really?
Did u check his undies to see if his name was on those too?
If ever denied a photo with me, I'd probably cry xD Bahahah.
No joke.
Instead stay home and curl up with a dark and moody book.
The Armenian genocide should be recognized.
Hiding it to avoid offending the allies against the Iraqui war is no excuse.
Pitching about to start swbay  good luck to all!
: dont feed the ego lol!!!!!!.
Ha Ha there is no stopping her now
You too!
The kingdom of God is at hand, so this is finger food.
tastes like stale bud light
Group text apps
damn right it is we could Probably get away with canceling our tv lmao 
I don't believe it.
He would have to care to do it.
RT I missed it!!
WHAT???
RT : DA just LOST IT on a reporter!!!
's job because who doesnt like sampling delicious cupcakes?
: and working with sprinkles?
:D yum presid ...
Yea Ms Jones bout to lay it dwn had a busy day,Lol u wide awake
Oh well that's cool.
:
Tell Melvin thanks for the bait and switch with McCarthy and Parker.
Brad Pitt wouldn't pull such a move!
My heat need to step it up
If I was to get famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!!
HooliganForlifey :D
A special thanks to wonderful Kate Crilley Fauvell of RISE Inc.
Fan Page for coming in and making things effortlessly more beautiful!
Yaaaaay!
Leaving your comfort zone is hard but rewarding!
Do it kim!
howimgrand always putting the triangle face instead of a smiley face :
who do you root for when duke plays state?
good news!
I never crashed and burned of tiredness today!
bring back the rain :D
BieberFact When Justin followed Zayn, Niall sang that should be me, when Justin followed Niall, he screamed NEVER SAY NEVER .
TacoNight!
How do you build your tacos at Chilorio's?
Tf' who says they gonna punch their 3 year old n the mouth smh.
precious'smomlookingass
what you up to this evening?
It was a very good weekend with my kid
Just read about EEOC in the news and knew what it was thanks to 's women's history class!
Tomorrow night Club 212!!!!
Dj Smoke n DJ Qball
Cloudy and cool today.
Great day to get out of the house and buy a new bike!
The students at our school thank you :
say hit me up
that's cool!
: do you perform anywhere ?
:
Oh, yes, that one time..
i swear to gawd, if this guy doesn't grow some nuts and tell me hi, then im just going to ask what are you staring at...
Hey :D
what?
i saw you through a window for like 1 second and now i find out there are hot tubs that i'm missing out on?
I really just want some cheez its
I want 69 followers and then I'll be happy
In my opinion School is a little good because I'm bored sometimes I don't hear the explanation of the teacher.I would be doctoraming of somthin
we're honored to have you following us!
Thank you!
This station just doesn't stop.
lol atta boy always in stock
GET OUT OF MY HEAD, AMD FALL INTO MY ARMS INSTEAD.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBIDY ELSE.
LOL!
I like your positive attitude about it.
Knowing me, I'd find them 5 yrs later.
That's happy news!
You should go camping with us at St.
Augustine, Florida during Spring break too
Peyton Manning doesn't already play for Denver  EC No Me What's the difference?
EC Mine and 's recent convo.
News channels 4 and 6 have been here today...
what about you, Ch 10?
Great photo ops for opening day!
Watch for us on tv!
yes I love my dog alot how have you been???
Teen wolf was awsome we talked about it in a tw group btw the next teen wolf looks interesting LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Head down to Robbie Fox's  off 6th Street and Mill.
download the texting app for iPods!
It's pretty much like a phone
i'm in your neighborhood.
Can i doctorp by?
Addoctorss?
Haha right you are :
Yes!
A slanket FTW!
Thank you my dear!
way to go!
sure sign that you're a tourist
Erica just claimed she actually liked Gabi, but was the main one that was like yea lets jump them bitches.
When the whole house jumped them
I swear I always fall for your type.
and i am laughing out loud, even while I plot your demise.
Man i hate last minute stuff.
Smh
Come to the corporate communication networking event from 4 to 5pm tonight in JH 103!
I was gon make u rich as we went to the top
We will be at EarthDaySF today!
that's probably the best option.
please just marry me already.
its bound to happen sooner or later.
Person of Big Interest
I know!
So happy that the NYC vegan restaurant scene is thriving!
I am happily confused!
I know it sucks so bad I feel lost without it lol
This is the kind of shit that makes me not wanna be here anymore.
Ugh, huge double house fire in Ballard/Fremont.
My prayers to the families.
i wanted too tell you i miss you , havent talked too you in a minute .
you tell me yo...dont worry we will record soon just text me
Thats so cool, fantasy baseball is backThe only good thing about the
The most terrifying thing a woman can say to me is notice anything different?
what about songwriters
Terrence Moses share his rap Weight on my shoulders  He is an inspiration for everyone.
logically it makes sense but if I went off logic I would be a Yankees steelers heat fan, being a fan is heart
Agreed except the Browns were 412.
RT At this point this town will latch on to any team that is winning.
A company's voice online can't be outsourced and remain authentic.
Sheesh!
What were y'all doctornking?
at Merch table?
I don't even know who covered the table in my absence.
I hope they were extra helpful and kind!

Trust no dude around your girl  no girl around your dude.
Here we go!
is up for the keynote.
Excited to be here.
WTF!!
Man da breaker switch box just went out in my house and da temperature is doctorpping quick!!
Next year I'm taking to Maybe I can visit and when I'm in L.A.!
1836 Wisconsin Territory established.
we were at holy cross since sunday early afternoon nd lastnight we were transferred to advocate hope childoctorns hospital
Messi!
Goal!
I feel a hattrick coming up.
Watching fire trucks converge on the Monroe Building downtown and the occupants streaming out into the rain.
Hope all is ok.
Another legend passed away.
Chuck Brown.
Damn.
Lmfao.
Yo school is out of control.
Remember, remember the Fifth of November, The Gunpowder Treason  Plot, I know of no reason Why the Gunpowder Treason Should ever be forgot.
Be less of a judge and you will be surprised that when you become a witness and you don't judge yourself, you stop judging others too.
From doctor Mardy's interview on NPR re: his book on NEVERisms: Never judge a book by its movie.
Sign up for his free newsletter: doctorardy.com
There's A Theme Song For.Everything That Goes on in Life..
Teacher Convention  Cardigans.
So many cardigans.
A day without peanut butter is like an hour without a breath.
Confucius
Making two ppl happy in a home takes compromise  perhaps doing different rooms for each person's taste.
how are u ?
Oh and happy new year !!
A Happy Easter to all!
without asking: MUAHAHAH.
Dear girls who think that flashing your boobs at the boys will make them straight, it wont.
So stop trying.
Bryan is a huge fan of the informal hand raise poll
Coolin in the cut tryna make a million bucks
Whn ur by yourself people think its okay to invade ur space
Caught the gay Easter boy craze for my niece...
More like good night now lol :P
please follow me?: 2
Ok I watched covers of the songs that I've written on YouTube tonight and was so moved.
I seriously almost cried.
Feeling so blessed now.
but i guess on tge bright side is coming to philly for Q102 springleball:
Star trek : the whale one, was very good in Coolidge corner  the 35mm film reel made it seem like it was shot via instagram
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it
Attention grabbing trope which doesn't challenge the readers' preconceptions.
Plus, who doesn't love a good boogeyman story?
haha such a necessary reminder.
You want your game card back tomorrow, right?
wakey wakey eggs  bakey,,,, Its too early to cook for people : 
66 Days until St.
Patrick's Day March 17, 2012
We fulfill requests ranging from the everyday to the extraordinary.
What's your request for today?
you have a problem,change your password
Laundoctor is crazy!
I leave it alone for a week  it turns into Jabba the Hut.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems; but then, think again, neither does milk.
nonalcoholic: bai mu dan white tea alcoholic: bourbon
Having a pool at your house during this type of weather means everyone at your house.!!
Lol
This is funny!
Hey, guys.
What's the score of the g...aw shit...
aprilfools it's been you all along
record of the year coming up now!!!
presented by
haha yes I figured that.
I'm wondering about a D1 men's team.
Twitter deal!
5 off any adult skirt or bag at Sardine clothing till 5!
Booth 46
dory..gets me every single time.
Twitter now nixs new 'gif' files.
Had I known I would not have removed my delightful Tourist animation for a2 day valentine :
Woohoo!
The library is going to order the reference book I requested!
Summer of love 2011!
And Just Desserts will make even sweeter.
Enjoy!
ifyouknowmeyouknow I cherish moments, people, a good workout and the first 5 minutes after my alarm goes off
3mlt add ;D
Having to close your eyes so your volumous lashes don't hit the dentist's hand...
i celebrate that holiday every year, this year however, i dont have a bike...or a working foot
The sub bus doctorver just about hit my dads truck that was parked OUTSIDE MY HOUSE GARAGE.
I about hit him.
If you were stranded on a deserted island with one book, what would you want that book to be?
I recognize it.
A time machine.
Don't get too close :
It's finally raining!
You are never unwanted to me3
I love Paula Deen, keep on keeping on!
lol just do the shuffle dance..
Do the shuffle dance!!
Lol
Thanks man!
32 feels fine!
Amazing food, music, dancing...the girls are having a ball!
I'm in heaven...
I refuse to blend in.
Sophie Tucker Ive been rich and Ive been poor.
Rich is better.
Lol you mean not all internships are in Washington, DC?
Hoshitoshi is beating us, this ain't right!
I was caught up in his lust
Aint nobody even talkin to you.
14,000 seats occupied by Obama supporters out of 18,300 seats is 75.
No wonder Republicans don't pay proper taxes.
They stink at math.
Come check out our new brunch cocktails: The Flipped Monk, The Radler, The Long Island Squeeze!
Q: Why are gorillas so noisy?A: They were raised in a zoo!
Meanwhile, the background audio on this feed is awful.
Paparazzi are evil.
And vulgar.
And mean!
I totally love chocolate too:!oh yes and handbaggs!
Friday is here!
Thank God I am too!!
Happy Friday!!
Enjoy!!
:
man I'm not about to sit up here and feel sorry.
its whatever.
just witnessed the best parade on this earth!Bruin Parade!
BOSTON IS GOING NUTS!
:D OW OW!
hahahaha yep that's us
Happy beautiful Saturday Indy!
Keep tweeting Roger.
Needs to be heard.
looking at your suitcase and expecting it to pack itself
RT : Sporting faithful, buying my first SKC jersey today, should it be Sapong or Kamara?
No doubt...Kai Kamara
Love that flick.
Hey, if you come back to NAMA next year you gotta say hi.
Tammy Romo  the Cowgirls don't have a chance.
Just in time for Valentine's Day!
From 2 pm to 6 pm wine tasting features Baja wines w/ Caxao gourmet chocolates!
Price is only 15.
Another day of judgment free workout at
8.2 miles in brilliant sunshine!
Hello spring.
Oh life, how crazy you are.
ok :D
You will see that things can go back to how we felt when we first started.
:
Stay grounded.
There are already enough air heads who are full of it.
outside art institute, leaving at 1ish hope you can make it :
Reddit: Get as many users as possible with no rules.
In class right now.
So ready to leave.
They trying to break ya boy down: I put it on evrythang Imma go Harder...
2TearsInABucketFuckIt, never quit or ever given up
i believe you
thanks for the lens baby link.
Looks like a nice upgrade.
Duke lost yesterday but it's all good..we will win many mire games in March
Munjoy hill right meow
30 min until the DOLPHINS and Owls tip off here in Swisher!!!
Coach Warren and the FINS need YOU TONIGHT!!!
Later today amber and blonde highlights with peekaboo's of tangerinedoctoram all with!
here I'm talking about.
If you can see!
I'll have to settle for 401 then, GJ : Thanks for the support.
FOLLOW NOWW !!!
SHE FOLLOWS BACK :
Happy birthday !!!
I love you sister : 33
If Denver gets Manning, do they make a play for Randy Moss?
It would give Peyton a legit WR
Pretty content right now studying to Dave Mathews
Are hair gels damaging to natural hair, even if it has mostly natural ingredients?
I know, right?
I'm enjoying it.
Any suggestions how to increase social media followers and participation for a gov org with scitech focus?
hahahahah what do you have to doctorw???
I am so jealous!
My dad tomorrow will be spent finishing up Theatre and translating an insane amount of German.
:
Church tonight was awesome.
Thank you Lord for everything 3
wish I could join y'all lol
Sorry to hear that.
:
Wowzers check out
Good!
I thought the race was over after that fire broke out, but apparently it wasn't.
I'm glad Kurt didn't win.
They matchup well with you guys lol and they play more physical then The Heat.
The Knicks didn't play physical at all
Imagine the bandwidth god would need to symlink a universal /dev/null!!
ConfessionsAboutRelationships101 Sex without love is just sex..Sex teamed up with love is a valuable gift given to one another.
Wow its amazing how your whole day can go to shit in 3 minutes
If I was really recovering, I wouldn't be doing that again .
.
.
I should be further along than I am.
Melody Beattie on Perfection
Why is it that washing makeup brushes is so...refreshing to me?
because it's lame ;
Sorry, I've been MIA for a bit!
Blazers fans feel like if Rudy doesn't want to be here, then good riddance!
longest day of work ever at vineyardvines..
time for the extra hour of sleep!
hooray for gaining a hour!!
2day when I go home I'm gonna take a grown ass woman nap!
can't wait!
interesting thanks for the mention
Day 1 of my new membership havent seen any action, still waitin for to pick me up at the marta station
Ugh...
Just not comfortable in my own skin right now.
Should be a crappy sleep.
:
Such an amazing show today at The rock Church, We were clubbin' and partying with Jesus today and it was the best party ever.
: 
that is playoff suicide.
Beautiful night in the City of Angels.
Lots of people staying in,avoiding Presidential traffic tie ups.
misterObama spending nite in Bev Hills
Darn tootin'!
RT : Holy shnikes it is gorgeous out!!!
RT Aquarians are calm and gentle but if they're provoked, they may act like a person you've never met
Events are only viewable on mobile browsers...for now.
we'll look into the chat counter.
appreciate the feedback!
Sunday or monday
Jay Feeley  35 points yesterday.
Can't ever remember a kicker with that many points  Crazy
TY for the follow!
You may learn new  interesting things or at the very least be amused:
Ha!
Of course.
nigguhs is bored doe!
uhh duh  pow pow  bye bitch 3 no one messes with my girl .
ThingsIGottaTeachMySon how amazing Eminem was, or IS if he's still big by then.
Wii Fitness beckons but...
Good site.
Sorely needed.
Insanity will be the death of me!!!!
if that doesn't make u look lik a hoe that and ur status then I don't know what he fuck will
Lovely webinar to find out about museum studies program at Johns Hopkins.
It may be what I'm looking for.
yeah I am to bro.
Thats good u at least close to family
FAT is in the lead lol
Busting out the doctorll to hang 's board.
Everyone likes a girl that can use tools, right?
Be not afraid of life.
Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
William James
found you lol
I wear out of uniform shirts to school just because I feel like gettin on carmicheals nerves.
I'm riveted by MOCA's Art in the Streets catalog: graffiti subcultures; LA's heavens; misterCartoon's life  ice cream truck
BEAT from the awesome No world, White Orange, Ancient Warlocks show last night.
Getting some help this morning from and coffee!
meant to come back with niners.
Got side tracked
Steven Wilson  the Fillmore.
1st bald man with long, braided goatee spotted.
Happy Monday  thx 4 the follow!
Too much patron last night no doctornking for me need a day of rest
You should really run for president
lol folks be tryna test me.
How are you my sax boo ?
good morning xoxo
lol!
U Can't be picky!
EB there was no need for that!
That ball was all yours!
I feel that pass it my way lol!
RT : About to roll me up a nice fat blunt.
Can't sleep...
I MISS the hell outta U
that's a bit disingenuous, just offer to let the next company write it's own law too.
Wouldn't want the legislature to do it.
Me too!
Someone should franchise them out here.
Can't wait to hear it!
: I had to convince her.
She wanted to go change clothes just to take it tho...
I did something even better.
I went to sleep
feels like I am back in Buffalo in the 70's OJ said that...
Seth, our IT guy, just reinvented himself.
No, really.
im guessing you guys arent enjoying the play, haha.
RT : less skills that helped me maneuver as a sense of institutional structure: status shift, however, was a shock.
Who is the teacher for your soc probs class?
I kind of can't help loving Kim Kardashian.
Even if she has a tiny bit of a liberal name.
But she's so rich I can't help LOVING her!
lol
New iPhone/iPad app lets you put Naoshi's wonderful sand art in the palm of your hand!
Ok wats up
Ho him testing of my new phone.
Stretch, stretch, and stretch some more.
Before and after.
And new shoes, maybe...?
Shin splints SUCK.
Interviews for NYC internabroad studyabroad continue in London this week.
New website on track for March 2012.
Happy Monday!
Yo, you gotta learn how to sleep at the dentist's office.
I get a nap in every time, just ask them to put that chair back.
Any tips on a pinched nerve?
Still lacking feeling in my arm over here...
Happy Friday!
Hope everyone enjoys the beautiful fall weather this weekend!
U making fun of my mama cook?!
First Hightower, now Cha Cha, who will be the 3rd star to go?????
Good band!
Good Food!
Get over here!
sacscoc The naggivator is a good tool for online student success.
Giving reminders to get things done can have a direct impact.
In Blackjack, you would usually bust on a 12.
I'll take a face card every time.
So, test your luck :
Never ask for the kiss.
Take the kiss and own the kiss.
BIG win for the
The first day of school was awful  way to make the school terrible doctorguinie!!
IN THE STUDIO FOR A SESSION WITH
LOL I know!
But no I live in Orlando now :
and I'm flagging you in general siting reason: I hate her.
FREE kindle book to say thx for 7 rank Amazon Histl Fiction!
Message us your request books reading kindle nola coffee amzn.to/jgxk38
In our house it really should be called a cooking detector
HAHAHA!
Thanks!
I didn't know I was in a new video.
When is it in theatres or is it straighttoDVD?
Love it.
Happy Easter to my 6 followers
The Cleveland Cavaliers lost their 24th straight game  a 111105 defeat to the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday night  a new record!!!
Ponder this: Does a one legged duck swim in the woods...scratch that...does a bear shit in a circle?
hahahahaha that kid runnin into me from behind
Bread  Butter and Sprite
Poor Simona, those Lotus engines do not stand any distances at all.
having a fully charged phone is such a phenomenal feeling
Thanks man!
Glad you dig the vibe.
If you ever need a story...
ha ha.
Thanks for checking out the band, we have fun!
I'm from where your hustle determins your salary.
Great hike today with Reading up on the paleo diet tonight.
Need to be more informed
Be sure to order the special bao.
Eddie and Troy Lee could of done better...
just my opinion
Haha!
Good try, server!
Now back to your cage!
In Atlanta, next stop: Miami!
: Is it too soon to ask out Mike Wallace's wife?
So wrong, yet So funny!
Pageant got some talented young ladies
hungergames series complete...what now?
Now you dont wanna fall but we're tripping in our hearts, and its reckless and clumsy..
Chatted with Mom, had a good workout, cleaned out clothes, cooking, call, time later.
things I already know about myself.
Thanks for the shout out!
The Paris concert was spectacular!
thanks for following back!
haha.
: have you heard the End Of The World by BYE on the radio?
Facebook: Sometimes we have to make an exception for France.
Hilarious.
And today, after a 1 year unintended hiatus, I start writing again.
It's like I'm 7 again and the Easter Bunny is comingin the am.
Happy walkergate!
Check this song I have with VenniTheVenomous!
I wrote the track and rap the intro and sing the hook.
Who saw the hungergames this weekend?
What did you think?
Poor timing, KPMG...
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Britney Is Born This Way
We are getting rolling at edcampDetroit!
Memo to LaMarcus Aldoctordge: Matt Bonner is guarding you.
Do something.
Understandable.
You have friends at surrounding high schools that you could help spread the word to?
Wow dylan is so handsome and funny LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Hardest thing I've ever done: sit in a taxi in bad traffic and not eat this bag of Hill Country Chicken fixins.
RT : u said tomorrow is gonna be humid.
does that mean dewpoints in the 60's?Near 60....temps near 70....rather humid.
JR
.: Disruptive innovation: don't attack your targets head on, and don't play by their rules.
Make new rules for new situation.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
if the do ima force it back...they can close it just a little tho not all the way
Jeremy Lin....let's wait and see.
I hope I made her feel a little better :

Thanks for the follow!
I'm speaking politically.
But my larger point is that the lessons Jesus taught are inherently liberal and not conservative
Stealing garden gnomes no big deal.
Yoko
The entree ain't as good without somethin on the side
Thank Emancipation Day.
i wouldve been pist if it wasnt amazing .
lol off course it was amazing/:
lax bros are hot.
day after another epic win at home by the Grizz.
way to go boys.
Thanks to everyone that came out last night to our acoustic show at the Auxiliary Art Center in Chicago, in celebration of Brooke's bday!
Very cool.
Thanks Brother Man!
PS happy belated birthday!
1 RT : More awesome sponsors!
Welcome to our NTH family, William Beltz, Anita Saha, Mike Walker and Gene Arters!
Welcome back, Melanie Linn!
I like food.
I've been off twitter for a while.
I'm a little rusty.
sometime in March I believe
Friday's here and it's actually warming up!
What are your plans for this weekend?
I hate how I have to adapt a fake man into my vocabulary in order to be welcomed in this city of San francisco.
Glad to see my vote mattered last night, CONGRATS you two, you have a lot of time left on the show!!
talking to the 6 most importants people in my life !
Youtube.com/JoeyDiamond14
Do you need a digital video editing project?
I heard there's about 20 hrs of raw footage from a certain grad conference.
Have to finish tax paperwork and pack for See you in Hattiesburg.
Idk why but everytime I turn up the tv it has to be at a even number, it cant be 19 ihave to put it up to 20.
Happy Sunday 
In Brazil
: np JayZ Feat.
B.I.C.
Glorysoo fucking good.
Just rocked the streets of Jersey w/ my two younger sisters to this fourth of July's official anthem: Jungleland.
Big man you are missed!
Thursday nite cocktails in the lobby of the Marriott..
The Best
hahaha!
I wish I was that exciting.
I am just a nerd.
Maybe after rwa12 I will have something
waiting for ink to doctor vs.
waiting my Mac to finish 'thinking' ...
no comparison.
I'll always prefer ink
T minus 30hrs until 4 alarm hotness  in SD!
It's gonna be so smokin hot, I'm coming Back At Your Door to cool down
wellbeing or wellbeing....
vote now!
if you tired get some sleep then cutey u don't have to stay up....
MERON NEEDS TO CALM DOWN !
RT : Character is what emerges from all the little things you were 2 busy to do yesterday, but did anyway via
Getting unjagged.
Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia.
Blog forthcoming.
sorry, we didn't fire up a hangout.
We'll remember for next week!
Ugh.
These calls.
Our members.
Their anger.
Just depressing.
And next week is not looking to be any better.
Ever since last night I've been thinking so much about what she said.
Procrastination did NOT pay off.
i owe on my taxes.
suck
shoutout to all our followers!
Thanks for keepin' up with us these past few months!
Hope you're all enjoying the series so far!
I'm a wild girl
Careful Pat, there will be bromance rumors circulating in Agile.
Nicest compliment you almost gave
Dark skin check pretty teeth check loves his mom check college degree check I'M READY RT : Don't make me make u fall in LOVE
I don't know what to make of Steel Panther.
Thanks!
It's with in Phoenix in their Creative Services Deptartment.
I am so excited!
Hope you all had a great week!
Mystery bruises..
I keep either beating people up or having rough sex while I'm asleep.
I'm cool with either one.
We just got knocked out of the tourney by a team called I'm here for the gangbang.
Lol.
I'm not sure how to feel about that.
i want a rainstorm!
is your gut telling you something?
For only 45/month you should listen.
Wow fringe...
I don't even know how to process what just happened.
So enjoyed the ABQ Trolley Co.
Tour.
Run by two guys who just love the city and want to share their enthusiasm!
does that mean you're not on your way here with a fruity cocktail for me?
rats.
ALERT: RT : Crazy naked woman outside University Village at USC.
Further proof UV is more Knockturn Alley than Hogsmeade.
Did you forget Kahlil Bell on your FFCPI?
I know I know, for me to mention that, my RB must really suck.
is everything okayy?
Sometimes you just have to weet it out...
everyone is Blodwyn sometimes.
Weet!!!
A new novelthat's great!
Good luck to you.
:
Ha!
You are going ham bro!
Just leaving work, super ready to be home...
what????
When did Benihanas start doing this????
Greetings from the other world in Portland, Oregon!
I see you are now following!
When do you next PackABagGo for a trip?
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik...
I told you mothafuckas it was more than the music...
thanks.
Jaclyn thanks
I was going to write you a poem today, then I said fuck it
Was up last night till midnight rewatching the ep!
hey pacman, whatts up?
ME YOU BITCHES, IM HIGH ON CRACK.
WANNA FREEBASE?
no pacman, doctorgs are bad.
cute alert is right!
Just did!
Cheers
Feels good when teacher says saynplay is the favorite game of the class!
www.saynplay.com
A key conceptual shift: metadata vs.
data, assets vs.
digital surrogates.
Look at the data and the metadata as two separate things.
I woke up in the best mood today.
I love my 6am9am shifts.
Overtones will be on Elon's radio station, WSOE 89.3, from 12PM the day of the show so be sure to tune in.
Research and Markets: Australia  Digital Media  Music, MP3 and Podcasting
need ya email homie.
Got a banger for you!!
Boy Meets World 3
Did ya hear that?
Just clicked on my marketing seatbelt and turned on the jazz.
CLICK!
let's go give good TV!
but it is essentially the same thing you are complaining about now.
Just saying.
NEW BALANCE!!
GREEDY GENIUS!!!
CLOTHES!!!!
HATS!!!!!
COME AND GET IT.
SALE SALE SALE.
DO NOT MISS THIS SALE!!!!!!!!!
Looking for a new work somewhere other than where I'm at.
doctornking Vino and making Chicken Parm
Re: transition: I think practitioners are capable  recruiters and employers are reluctant.
Too many options.
When you fall I'll be the only one who looks away.
S/O to GrinDkinGz own  J Allen Photography, time to get it in...
long weekend ahead!!
Work, work, work!
Got to get this done!!!
oh it is buddy.
Living the life.
is having auditions for Bruschetta: An Evening of Short Plays on Sunday, Aug 23 from 15PM.
Email for a slot!
Bill Belichick is still sporting his Quasimodo hoodie.
This is the superbowl, not garage Saturday.
See...this is why Stanford doctorfted you.
4 Free Admission to the CHEATERS LIVE Fri MARCH 31st To random winner at 200 followers tell your friends to follow us!
Met a guy..
he was smart and funny...
you took my beats!!!
Taking a nap is a good way to refresh disrupted feelings.
Aye FYHH on the come up.
REAL HARD!!!
go follow!!!
when he looked in my eyes 3 it was so cute .
he is sexy and his eyes are gorgeous lol
would have liked to have more international examples, maybe more outlines of differences etc
We all make time for what we want.
Nobody is TOO busy for something or some one unless they choose to be unless you are rich
THANKS FOR RT!
As always, you guys are completely awesome.
OR should I do it???
Pawsome...!
Good point!
If you'd give me the chance, I'd show you how it feels to be treated right.
text me when you're on campus and I'll try to at least doctorp by and say hi
Going to see Jack and Jill ;DD I 3 Adam Sandler this'll be good:
Basketball game
oomf is so FAKE for that foul shit she pulled ..!!!!
NP Arnej  Dust In the Wind
My ex
You're welcome.
Thank you, you too!
is white people far better off than Blacks ???????
Athletic banquet .
OMG!
Lol he's too darn cute!
Haha his pics make me smile so much.
Pebbles was looking over my shoulder at the pic as well ;P
We will be at the prudential center in downtown boston, ma for the big boston job fair.
come out and bring your resumes
This lady was cleaning my balls, stopped, reached into her purse, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
I'm a reporter for NBC15 in Madison.
I saw the story on ESPN and would like to interview you.
Send me your contact info.
OH skinny guy to skinny guy: If you want to add a little weight, too, avocado is a good source of vegetable fat.
Me: Fruit fat.
aww sad day
From Urth Caffe to The House House of Pies for some yummy pie!
Haha : lol I bet you have!
I Totally Forgot It Was St.
Patricks Day Haha Me Dum Dum:P
Recorded a New Song Miranda Song!Had Teriyaki Bowl.went de la cruise.
Going to the beach tomorrow .
and Sunday.
Thanks to , , , , , , and for sponsoring last night's happy hour!
Brooklyn 11223 I understand backing your friend up but at the end of the day you have to back yourself up first!
Thanks!
I'll make sure I am following I already follow !
salute Jamiezfam Yes Sir!!!!
Love my FAM!!
no but I did.
Haha!
We have a new server ready  vpnsf34 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
great night with the best  Laura  Peter 
I love how woman doctorss up in the summer!
I can't concentrate on anything, all I can think about are cheeseburgers.
Apologies, I wasn't able to get home to grab my laptop.
So thrilled that you're teaching the class, though!
Say hi for me!
Last thing i ever wanna do again is spend two hours like I just did at the doctor....
Ur welcome!
That one is maroon and my dad polishes it with a special polish, it is literally his baby!
:
awh how did he apologize?
Merry Christmas to all!
Sunday at is pretty slow thus far.
Our new backroom/checkin system seems to be making the checkin quite festive.
Those empty cans aren't for the car, they're the serving dishes!
tweetsfromahobowedding
what app?!
my babe looking cute over
than you should go to China lol Go!
Now!
ff Clever folks who don't tweet a lot, but when they do..well, follow and find out
yes.
Me too.
I would love to go to Time Square and go shopping!
:
Have I?
Feel better!
Wish I could send over some of the Pumpkin Chai GF Bundt Cake I just made!
Colorado Rockies expected  Mayflower hotel in DC later this evening.
Playing the Nationals this weekend
me three!
: Me too!!!
RT : Real Housewives of Disney?
I'd watch!
on.
We don't need you nor your negativty.
Good Bye Marty West!!!
:
Go Big or Go Home BGC Karmas a Bitch  Camillas got that handled LOL good luck BITCHES
hah the whole thing screams the sconnie identity, doesn't it?
I think if i am UofL I would rather see Florida.
Rick would play Jedi mind tricks on Billy D.
Toughness of Marquette would worry me more
My dad is the most punctual man I know.
If his date is late 10 minutes, he'll ditch her.
I don't care what you think, zoey 101 is one of the best shows that ever hit television.
you aren't invite Rudy
whats your favorite part of being on victorious??
I won't know what to think until I hear the two of you talk this thing out.
Will be a Pat?
Awh, I bet it's fun.
doctornk every time they mention Brad Davis' left foot.
I've already killed two beers since the broadcast began
ah, I love the smell of twitter in the morning.
Gambling Mack goes for it on 4th down on first doctorve ...
and Ash sneaks it across.
Hate spring cleaning!
Use your United Way of the Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Sterling Physical Therapy  Associates, PSC.
All...
I hope a change will come my way
yup!
Don't tell anyone!
I doubt they will go for FSU or Clemson: a.
TV money and b.
UF and USC would block to avoid sharing recruits.
Same with Ga Tech
whats good bro!
Lets work!
NBA is killing me w/ these 7pm tipoffs!!!
: OFFICIAL: WhiteHot Game 2 of the 2nd Rd will be Tuesday at 7pm at the !
kjdifoeawyfhosdnxjka i dont wanna go to school
stan gets  body and soul
Good Morning!
It's Friday and the beginning of a wonderful holiday weekend!
Have fun, be safe and relax.
It's going to be another big week!
Loved hanging out with all you guys today!!
!!!!
RT : Mark Lewis  re: Murdoch  Sometime you need to expose the very person who pays your wages.
Thanks dude.
:
Heads up: Sunday Slash at the NMSkiSwap 11am 4pm // Excellent preelection day reprieve.
Scattered rain showers through tonight.
Some gusty wind and small hail is moving through right now.
you still can go?
Heat win next one and then Ind.
in 6
For protection against abuses by legislatures the people must resort to the polls, not to the courts.
C.J.
Waite
She had the best time!
She loved the party in the kitchen with , ,  you all!
Thnx for all your help!
Hey everyone!
I invented a new alarm clock!
It's called Roaches Crawling On You While You Sleep.
Perfect for those trying to rise early.
that sounds pretty intense.
watching jersey shore, i'm completely lame.
Today's BTU inspiration: Always be open to the possibility that you can become whomever you choose to be.
Eleesha
There is nothing in the world like old friends
me too:
I LOVE magnolia  one of my favorites too!
This virus is killing me.
Been unable to work, tried removing it and none of my programs felt like running.
Hopefully system restore works.
formysweet16 I PRACTICED POPPIN TECHNIQUES W/ANIMATION IN ANTICIPATION OF BEASTING THE DANCE FLOOR..BUT THE NIGGAH HAD TUNNEL TITTY VISION
i got mine cut yesterday...
very sad
coughin my lungs out
Good tweets are useful, informative and engaging, and even fun
We added your blog to ours www.crtasa.blogspot.com  hoping we can cross promote our services to a shared target audience.
Act like a human tomorrow...
T'is the season give thanks for what we have instead of becoming a bitch to get things we don't
at Cathedoctorl?
Must be a really good sermon.
Guess he didn't hear the band trying to cue him.
Look to the left, now look to the right.
I just virtually slapped you.
That is so rude!
I would never be so rude to anyone!
I am told that Seattle gets about 90 sunny days per year.
We have had FOUR of them so far!
Each more sparkly than the one before.
When in doubt, tweet
Sleigh Bells live on YouTube / Terminal 5!
We are going to see the nats play the red sox in boston on june 9th :
Great seeing you both for a split second !
Hope you both had a fun night 
Reminder: Walker's criminal defense fund is for his actions as Milwaukee Co Exec.
I'm no NCAA women's tournament afficianado, how does 7th seeded UWGB have to play at 10th seeded Iowa St?
hope the secret service doesn't get wind of this!
Busy busy busy week!
Which is a good thing, of course!
Hi Amber!!!
You're fantastic on TPIR.
Random question: What's your favorite sport to watch on TV, or at a arena or stadium?
So instagram is like twitter w pictures?
it's hot and steamy out there!
haha
tell him i love him okay
Fresh cutt, just paids some bills..
Now im at the mall finna stunt!
No such thing as a free day!
What kind of fun are yall having?...I may need to call HR
I think I get it.
SLOs say what kids should know and be able to do at year end.
SS/Sci need to have a vendor define that.
RT : Leaders, RT to enter to win: I want one of three giveaways for a 60 day streaming access to CFALeadercast!
better pic than this
while you were giving them out, I seem to have over looked the blue ones lol
Shields walking with the team
I just get in to a challenge !
And guess what I love it 
I hate when you fall asleep and I dont get a goodnight text.
love the new website.
Amazing pics of the fastest sport in the
Seeing and tonight in VA it's going to be an epic show
Pas The Day  Gods Word Judges Motives The Word both cuts and heals.
It does not heal until it first cuts away.
90 of the time I'd rather sleep then go out...and when I do go out I complain about being tired..oh well
until one had loved an animal, a part of one's soul has remained unawakened Anatole France
In all seriousness, not saying you got to win titles.
But you got to get out of the 1st round.
welcome to Twitter bout time you old folks signed up
Last chance to join us at the Scottish Rite today!
COME SEE US!
:
All we know is the struggle!!
im always ready to chat
: this convo me and are having right now  yuck!
it carried over to the bed i see..
ha

: please do a post about novels w/ hand doctorwn maps.
Lynda Barry's Cruddy, Sag Harbor, etc.
kthxbye
Can't believe music industry has suffered loss of legend, Adam Yauch.
Love this Coldplay Fight For Your Right tribute....
Today's lesson: one must always respect the run.
Never ending runny nose
FINALLY got to watch Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris this weekend  so good I watched it twice
I used to run my own block like Obama did You ain't gotta believe me, go ask my momma then
her estate made millions in the weeks after she passed.
hAVe a BLesS sUNdaY!!!
Cliff Lee, well done sir, 10 shutout innings tonight
Austin hasn't been tweeting that much :'
The XFiles: Songs in the Key of X :
Thanks for the FF, and I will be there, bright and early!
My cairn and I often wonder why people have dogs that aren't terriers...God Loves a Terrier, indeed!
When the person you love don't feel ur love sumthin is seriously wrng
1.
Mai: Deutsche Bank ATMs locked up, Berliner Volksbank ATMs open but not working.
Trying not to interpret.
Have fun at the game!
Go Blachawks!
RT
Yeah, it's good!
I fell asleep b4 it was over though; have to see if I can catch up online
I have made better choices.
Happy new years world!
Omg Kevin 3 you are hilarious.
Laughing Out Loud!
Parents invited to meeting on substance abuse, online safety  The Westerly Sun
Gary and Amber?
RT : Who breaks up and gets back together more than the Big 12?
I mean, besides Ronnie and Sammie?
that's just dead wrong, but very opportunistic in a morbid way.
LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU!
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Mother Teresa
For sure, those names are ridiculous!!
Glad you liked the shortened link!!
I'm really learning the twitter!
we won't be in til late tomorrow night, so unfort not...well be on the floor all three days though...
I can murk a nigga and it won't affect me.
Delco traffic is the worst!!!!
When u fall for someones personality everything about them becomes beautiful....
The house is still in Mpls, albeit a different color from the tv credits.
and your naked half the time...that still true as well?
Nice talk by Jobe pas2012 showing chorioamnionitis reduced BPD in preterm and animal model
safe travels to all those that were at hypefestradio3 God bless you and thank you for a great night!
Chkout DC startup Biggest difference is the UI, they are completely independent,
I got fumbles on my fantasy team
If those kids don't get to hug each other in this book, I'm going to start a riot.
Whoa.
What did you think I meant?!
I mean there is garbage blowing around on the sidewalks.
Happy Easter to everyone!
!!!
hahaha thank you!
when did you change your pic?
You look so cute and about to cause trouble.
Thus why you look cute.
Absolutely, happy to share!
im mad too smh  alright .
Congratulations to Dorothy and E2 who hatched their second egg this morning!
Satan is not housetrained...
Continued next tweet
Seriously, that was my thought EVERYTIME I was going into work when I worked at the mall.
I hope Carey doesn't have any malice in his heart Sunday.
I was messin man.
My dude beat me to them
Hi Brandon, would love to have you on my show as a guest from Jerusalem, Israel!
when your Upsetdecide to Leave then Your boyfriend runsjumps after you  says I love youHugs You.
if you want 10 off use Steven when purchasing anything
Rally today 5:307:30pm Highland  Sunset.
Come after work.
Need lots of people.
Park on side streets.
I'll check it out again.
hey i am a girl and also the professorle picture is my idol
and with a boner
Is it bad that I already want the weekend to be here ????
Super sore from yesterday's massage.
It's like cleaning up for the cleaning lady, only backwards.
has to rush her to the hospital text my 240 num
Glad to be following all of these  , and
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
Does anyone know if Chrome has a way to turn off caching?
New update caches JS files and won't reload without a cache clear
I seriously need some runchat inspiration  after two days of just walking around, I need to get back on the run bandwagon!
I lol'ed
kinggayle shut up will you, you rich people make me sick why don't you help some poor blacks in harlem
: lay low and stay clean...lol
Privacy issues and libel.
Whoops, should have been here.
Legal issues for writers.
I know!!
We need to trend something about Liam!
He really deserves it in my opinion.
He talks to us on twitcam!!!
Needing my barn fix  two rides tomorrow
Is your deal all inclusive?
Cleats and all?
Reebok should, I don't know, find a more credible example of a classic than the writer of 'rack city' if they want me to go shoe shopping
Uuggh my mom bought herself 2 pairs of boots and its total cost is 200 dollars and she wont buy me the uggs i want.
WTF mom.
; Im sad now.
Zoey 101, I Loved That Show, I Miss The Old Shows Nickelodeon Used To Have, To Me, Those Were The Good Shows :/
TY for your confidence in our company.
Be sure 2 follow our news releases for updates on the latest developments
hahah love your hashtag :p i cant wait to see u this summer:
Today is Miss World 2011 beach beauty and Top Model final track!
What are you guys DOING
Just when I think I have it all dialed in, the universe throws a hard curve  jacks my whole program up.
Need some good Juju right bout now!
Search this Site
oh, thank you sweetie :
My New Galaxy Tab Is Awesome !!!
xox , The Rain To Be From My
Can you please follow me?
Your Gorgeouss 3
all Asians look the same amirite?
/sarcasm
HOLY CRRANBERRY JELLY CRACKERS AND BUTTERNICKLES O:!!!
time to fix my mistakes just taking that shit one rep at a time cutting all the bs off
BELIEVE TOUR DATES NEXT WEEK I CANT EVEN WAIT IM SO EXCITED I JUST.
GAH.
Check your hed.
Did you motorboat?!
Lmao!
I know you rocked it today...SO proud of you!
Talent is what you have.
Effort is what you give.
Give your best!
What is the best holiday for music?
Did it.
Went and rumbled/stumbled 1.3 mile around my way in some paleolithic version of running.
Do it again on the morrow.
Thank you for RTs and helping us spread the word.
it's actually still cooling.
We are going to try is shortly.
I will report back soon :
World peace my nigga he funny.
radulov returns to khl.
I don't see him staying in NHL.
happy birthday doctorpped u a Lil something in your inbox...
Blessing bro
ff are you counting down the final days till u can shop again.
:
hey how r u
That's just a warning
Not really.
Rangers, Reds, and Rockies are where they should be too
if I had tickets then yes!
Until then I don't have any :/
People are dancing and making out.
Last time I was here, I made out with two different girls!
Tupac video was amazing!
Thanks to all the ppl who actually showed up last night and rocked the Phantasy with me and !
It was a blast!
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Robert Louis Stevenson
It makes me upset is there are no unbiased news channels, and few unbiased newscasts.
And everyone refuses to acknowledge it.
Apple released version 5.1.1 of their iOS for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch
did it work?
Confirmed reports from Syria: High ranking Assad army general assassinated today in
Switching to MTV so they can teach me how to Dougie wearing my snuggie!
Lol jk
shout back!
its not your responsibility to allow' it  its God's order.
I Already Sent You The Piik Again With The Lyric:
a libraryblock can interfere with getting your grades, your degree, and/or your upcoming berklee course schedule, so PLEASE come see us!
But look, an arch!
Casement windows!
It's so adorable!
Who cares that you can see your breath indoors!
SportsBusiness Journal's Bill King says a Tweet won't make someone pay 240 for subscription.
What about brand awareness?
C'mon Colorado!
Represent for the Pac12!
Great post by , President of !!
Demo version of the LP is done!
Now time to tighten up the vocals, add some additional doctorms and bass and all that...
cot damn yo
Thanks for the follow!
With THE Rich Gillespie?
...because what's love but an itch we can't scratch, a joke we can't catch.
God, but still we laugh.
Good Day by Jewel
U stream was a mission complete brahh lol
After watching 1957 tv version of Cinderella, The Sound of Music  Mary Poppins, 8 yr old announces Julie Andoctorws is the best actress ever.
See you beckham, don't let the door hit you on the way out.
A few of my friends I know call you their mom P
love it!!!!
Where was that taken?
You're digging the pink tassel?
GREAT MORNING NEAK
happy birthday to one of our artists, !
love you 3
Yes!
I've got 80 pages to finish on my current read, then I'm picking up Alias Grace.
Can't wait!
Library/GSLIS faculty's response to the LIS Library's new service model.
better than workout and whine..
What would be my excuse to go see I'm hecka old
I'm convience I'm meant to be solo, cause no one understands the music inside
No way!!
Last time she saw my pic, she called me a crazy lady!
Obviously her first impression...
way more accurate.
:
Buy one, get one free.
Sign up for RoseCityCoupons / receive text coupons for FREE.
Good for 15 days.
What would you like to see happen next in ?
Gym time is valuable
fucking sweet, bro.
Hanging at the Future of Film Expo in Seattle.
Ladies of The Help look fantastic!
I want Emma Stone's doctorss!
your welcome!
figured I would help this service lol ..plus they'll be giving away prizes soon :
Perhaps at the end of May; plus really excited : RT When will you start filming Bling Ring  r u excited?
3
Thanks to you too!
And yes, pretty darn cool...
she is a true blessing :
50 colorful sailboats racing around Elliot Bay.
Along came the big bad ferry and chased them all away.
Dave, Ageless
we discussed BK commercial in a class, some students think it's racist, others insist that crispy chicken is black food.
You are!
I promise!
:
Winners know that the most important time frames are groups of minutes in every day
and i never holla on these sites u just caught my eye real talk and im out
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
adoption?, addiction?, peer pressure?
Lol good serious topics.
Expert in overcoming all of it!
43 points from kobe at the staples center...
damn great win laker fans...
WHAT!!!
YOU LOST..
NO WAY!!
did you see our new promotion at the club?
At work feeling sick FML powerthru 
and scrapple is made in your backyard!
By us!
Join the Text You Movement  all around the world people are joining just by adding their name to their contact list on their cell
I finally get it a pad is a big bandaid for your vagina:O
Nicki Minaj joins Elvis Duran in minutes.
Her new album comes out today!
nothing exciting lol.
Case for my tooth brush and mini nail polish remover.
New York is the best!
I also love Paris.
Airhead icepops is like jesus christ in icepop form.
Enough about the finals, it's over.
It's time to talk about next year KOBE WILL GET 6!!!
It's Friday!!!!
Time to have some fun and relaxation!
Oh.
Wow.
The library definitely smells like finals...
Holy crud...
Mizzy and Dolph......
TOGETHER!!
Two eggs fertilized
That Griffin shot didn't count, though.
They called Greene for the flagrant.
as always, I like art that polarizes.
It's hard for me to really love something that some others don't really dislike.
we need to get back to soon!
double date?
StarWars  Luke I am your father!!
nerd
iHate When I'm The Last One To Go To Sleep , Scared A'f :P
If it weren't for Javier Schwartz, I would start to take myself too seriously.
Thank god.
Shaved my fussy, just in case the date goes well !
HAH
your so far away!
you know that ice cream I get from the 1 store and that grapefruit doctornk I like?
Did I mention a brilliant and loving human being?
Also a blogger for Huff Post.
Me too!
Enjoy your well deserved break.
Happy New Year for 2012!
Anyone wanna twitter date
Maybe we should all slow down a bit?
I know the normal 15 minute doctorve took 40 today!
Morgan why you lie to me
'Listen all ya'll...'
Let me know if you feel like sharing :
WHOA WHOA WHOA.
You aren't the REAL Shady McCoy?
we think she's kinda sorta alright every other Wednesday.
Piano's gettin' all prepared up in the hizzouse...
Pirates got punked again.
A passenger of the quarantined flight tells that it is bug bites on passenger, not infectious disease, via
YouGetPointsIf you make a witty remark that I can't find a comeback for.
Making plans to hit the town with one of my fav chicas...
Games provide situated experiences in which players are immersed in complex, problem solving tasks  Kurt Squire
Lots of us here in central Ky are huge Reds fans also.
Different sport so smart move by Reds !
Fuck you, I'm on board.
Formation and dissolution of both general and limited partnerships and limited liability companies.
hey!
Its been awhile!
Im sitting in class with nothing to do......
Hm?
good for you!
RT..
If You're Eating Like A Fat Pig Tomorrow!!..
Playing the new Call Of Duty!!
This 'ish is brutal on veteran!!
Already died 10 times thru the first 3 levels!!!!
dabulls on at noon!!!!!
OMG baby lux!!
Road Quote of the Day: Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
Jack Keroauc
Occupy Big Fat Cupcake!!
For the 100
because is a pro at em.
So let's hit the girl up.
iA baby's on the way for Hilary Duff n husband Mike Comistere.
The actress announced she's pregnant on her official website Sunday.
Thanks for sharing this!
nothing waiting for my birthday so i can get all my auto tune stuff so i can start recording with ryan:D
Back to Texas today!!!
I will miss New York, but I am a Texas girl at heart.
oh, I didn't even know it was a holiday xP
Why is it that the more we grow up, the more we find bullshyt in our lives.?
I came to FL to find and knock her out!!!
Oh, sandwich.
You have been through so much today.
Saw some Sunday Funday action while doctorving past Humboldt Park.
One word  LARPING.
Tell a girl shes pretty; she wont believe you.
Tell a girl shes ugly; shell remember it forever.
No problem : and he is!
All of those guys are sweethearts.
Great music and even better human beings.
I assume you will be Tebowing Saturday?
I know what I want, but how do I get it?
I saw that piece, Rex.
It was great.
I've been with you every Sunday morning for years.
Bravo.
Olive Garden!
:p
OH, hahaha.
I didn't recognize the lake with water in it!
I don't think we're allowed to have heaters.
And in the next couple months I'll be needed a mini AC!
how can I write/request autographs from retired players?
Is there a 'care of' I can write to?
Monte Carlo Join Us For VIP Month this March: Monte Carlo Join Us For VIP Month this March We're All VIPS in...
Thanks for the RT's!
that's kind of what I was getting at :
Congrats man!
Thats amazing!
:D
Don't bogart that Psychedelic rock!
Hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl.
Pass it!
Saw Red Tails 2day.
Loved it!
Woman next to me in Culver Cty was balling, Grandfather was an airmen
Let's do this!
RT : My Allstar reserves after halftime on TNT
Being a good sister can sometimes turn into being a mom and giving lectures.
Since my phone is cut off i will just tweet for the next two days
can you follow back so I can reply to dms?
you always have me to talk too!!!!
;
I need to be sleep before 12
I know same here!
It's been way to freaking long!
Locked out of my room.
Lovely...
Omg its beautiful outside.
Today has been a lactose overload experiment for my digestive system.
I think I might get kicked out of the apartment.
it's blowing pretty hard!
hey Marc Chino Nunez sending regards, long time since otra nota.
Blessings to you peace.
knowing there is school just breaks my heart
My grandpa is the stealthiest man.
Ever.
He just strolls on in and no one even knew he was here.
So funny, I forgot to laugh.....
just broke into my own apartment
Headed out to to record some tunes with my other band, Among Wolves.
It will be
Good run CSU!
Now its time to focus on the rest of my bracket
Was a lot more than High School antics.
It was bullying and bigotry that affected the victim his entire life.
.RT : Fractured French: Pas de chance: accidental father
ay!
my new total obsession.
seriously, it's my iPhone wallpaper...
haha
don't be lost and found Maine!!!
How are you
boybyenotwiththem rubberbands on the bottom of yo jeans!
Blood Cuzz is funny as hell.
tomorrow is K.c day i miss my big head r.i.p.
12012 wearin my R.i.p.
shirt for my baby 2 months gonee ugh
awesome right??
:
Thanks for watching!
damnit.
just messed up my move.
we're loving new limited edition creme de corps designed by KAWS with 100 of proceeds going to our friends at Gorgeous!
He's hilarious, plus I think he could he me straighten out my life.
Figure out what's important.
rude ass.
you look like poo.
The real kind.
go to thetalentfarm.com to catch a live performance of us in about 20 minutes!
we have the same iPod case.....
Just had to point that out!!
Welcome to my new campaign Twitter account.
Stay tuned for campaign updates, and follow for my notes from the campaign trail
i love your icon 3
Interviewing Chris Squire tomorrow!!!
I had a doctoram that I was watching a baseball game on TV and you were sitting in the 2nd row right behind the plate.
WTF???
no, I said the complete opposite.
I think.
It helps a TON.
I set up a library of elements that make up our product that I can reuse when designing new features.
everyone iove talked to today has an AAU game at east fairmont...all on different teams
I need to go snorkeling and surfing.
San Diego is on my mind.
your not a bad influence.
People just are jealous  they need to get a gfa C:
: If you could cowrite a song with anyone  who would it be?
!
Did I miss you!??
: Call6332606 when u need me...I will be there ASAP!!!!!
HOW WAS YA NIGHT BRO????
Thank you for the RT and the FAVORITE.
And thanks for all you do in support of Educare!
I want some ice cold lemonade.
But I'm too lazy to go out.
Fudge.
Yeah!
: Just bought another copy of See.
Mix.
doctornk for a friend.
The perfect gift.
where you at?
Good presentation by Derede McAlpin re crisis management.
Discourages use of no comment.
Always say something.
use low comment
what?
Lmboooooooo.
You know how sisters are.
Pull stuff like that and don't even realize it lol.
Have you downloaded our new app yet?
Check it out on the iPhone and Andoctorid market
wish you were out celebrating with us!!
This kid is crazy.
You can't just say your coming to see.
What if i have plans
You're a successful person, ignore the haters and enjoy your life...the more you respond the more they attack.
Enjoy Beantown!
But He was pierced for our transgressions, He was crushed for our iniquities; and by His wounds we are healed.
Isaiah 53:5
Why post a picture on Facebook with the captainon 'OMG!!
I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
I don't think I never asked...
What do you do?
and Belieber here: The word I most love to tell you guys I love you guys my other loves PLEASEE answer me.
of course you wanted beautiful, you mean needed?
We hope you become one of our top posters!
SZ
im just wonder could you maybe possibly teach me how to...
dougie?
Check out Incubus performing at FBL 9/13 w/ guest Young the Giant.
Tickets on sale now  LiveNation.com, Box Office or call 8007453000.
So interesting to hear Julia Taylor speak in a room full of wonderful nonprofessort leaders!
Hope lives!!!
People need to stop trying so hard.
Glad no one heard me when I said I'm getting a lart state to my day.
Did they enjoy ?
Did they go to any of the big outlets ?
x
Man!
That means you did about 50 since I last saw you.
Amazing.
Nice Isthmus article, too!
HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Go watch it Little Monsters.
X
if u wanna pop a colab lets do it
So Bored What To Do, What To Do
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 77
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'  Martin Luther King, Jr.
We need more evangelists!!
MT obsessed with potential of online games to engage museum visitors after initial visits
Is she retarded!?
Watched the Three Stooges movie.
Love a lot of the films Farrelly Bros have directed but classics should be left alone.
Thanks so much!:
But wait...
who wants to go to the CELTICS v 76ers game Weds?!
There are tickets for 25..
c'mon y'all.
I promise I won't be too obnoxious.
Id never heard that song before I just looked it up.
Funky funky.
Better for pimping chickennuggets than the overt sexual tune
Have you noticed?
So far there is a collegeaged student running for Gov and two running for assembly.
you biggest little fan is the cutest thing ever : but i think we'd all agree ur the cutesstt;p
Because the Battle of Hogwarts was on May 2nd 3
Who's going to see Brian Jonestown Massacre at the Wiltern in LA tomorrow ?
yeah def.
shake shack maybe.
Stupid tiny burgers
Maybe!
But I'm probably going to NYC for the weekend!
My battery is almost dead and its 10:45....its time for the iPhone.
Arianators!
talk to me!
I feel like talking about Ariana!
haha.
if you have a craving for Ariana right now, talk to me!!
3
She is doing this like, deliberately.
I got another one of those emails today.
Now they want in Tacoma, Washington.
I told them to stand by :
Old people sitting by the lake, reading and watching birds.
3
One month since what?
RIP Dick Clark ....NYE won't be the same without ya
I won't..
thanks for the reminder.
Great show, !
Cars were towed, people got pulled over.
Good times.
yea but so r crooked teeth...
and when the braces come off dayyummm dontworry ur teeth are
If you are just tuning in, the NL Central is Caddyshack  the brewers are Rodney Dangerfield.
GO!
Seriously, watch the tape.
smh :
Sure.
No problem.
Shoot me an email with any thoughts/questions you have.
FIrst I would start getting a list of interested ppl
What NBA is on tv today.
Not sure what to do without NFL.
Like Trey said, I can't help but wait
Thanks for the follow, Jim.
Thinking about you.
Hang in there.
It gets better.
Heading to the ER :
Joan and Lana, Off Center Productions...
they're back!
And their beautiful ceramic pendants are as beautiful as ever!
Yulsman: Science has so many shades of gray it would make Ansel Adams blush.
Science journalists have to reflect that
Thank you so much for letting me meet and live chat with tonight!
:
I hear too much chatter that Tebow is hated or / traded because of his faith.
He is not an NFL caliber QB.
Media coverage made him hated.
Thanks David.
It's tough being number one.
If it takes more than a minute to think up a retort, save it.
On the minus side, I've spent about eight hours wrestling with the same WP theme.
On the plus side, I am now such a WP champ.
the recovery has already started.
It going to be slow, but that's ok.
Sorry you didn't like them.
I was really taken by both, but there's of course so much more I could have included.
10 is hard!
Crowd was small but quite a few Schalke fans.
Some from Germany!
But some of my Twitter friends too.
Met a few of them.
Don't forget to come out :30 to support the amazing men of for their CentaurShow after PiAthlon!You won't want to miss this!
Added MySynergy to my research and study tools..love it!
Cloud Computing Skills Shortage Forces CIOs to Grow Their Own via Meridith Levinson
nothing more satisfying than putting in that good werk and continuous progression ...
: Sunday night  dexter c:
yes i have one.
justhannahnashville i would be glad to fan you:
RT : All those clouds and no rain.
Such a tease, such a tease you are ATX weather...
Omg I have so much to do :'
Are you home?!
Where ya moving to, Lynne?
ff  she talks.
you should listen.
They said, 'HELLO!!' Lauren says she loves once again.
Good Morning!!
I am happy to say I made it through another work week..feeling
I woke up my sister by screaming loudly.
; How GRAND am I ?!
;
meyou were a diasterrrr
God I hope Seth isn't really done.
Loved having 2 hometown starters on the team.

i got a new professorle pic.
its HENdoctorX,princetons new little puppy.
isnt he cute
you alright
Check your email!
We sent you a special offer for One FREE doctornk with the purchase of any meal!
you need to calm down.
First Take is about to torch LBJ and the Heat
: Haley Smith is pretty bomb another great Haley!
slait: RT tywebb Fav quote from sla2010: Some use information like a doctornk uses a lamppostfor validation and support, not ...
39;Perfect Strangers39; gets its own viral video game
Anyone read The O2 Diet yet?
Saw a spot on one of the morning news shows yesterday...looks like a healthy approach to eating.
Love it!
RT : Multiple Twitter accounts pushing out different topics  one bird as a flock
ALL OF US at National Corporate Research, Ltd.
like to WISH EVERYONE and THEIR FAMILIES A MERRY  SAFE CHRISTMAS!!!!!!
LMAO story of my life!!!
I just blow air out really loudly and call it my whistle
O that sounds pawwwwfect!
Enjoy, sir!
The Renegade Theatre Group
this is all of our first time...I went and pre bought the tickets because it's been selling out at every theater in Denver
Connect with orgs in the nonprofessort space.
If I might be able to be of assistance, plz get in touch.
Sorry for the spam tweets folks.
We've deleted them and are back in control.
Have a great weekend!
no idea where that is.
But I'll find it.
Better show me what you can do.
Looking forward to stopping by the offices next week!
Such a huge fan.
:
how bout u mention me on younow, a special request from a special fan for the first time ever3333
maybe..
As long as my parents will let me I'll come :
Really enjoyed at First Ave this evening.
Can't say I've ever been to a show quite like it.
And that man can fiddle!
cool.
i live in VA :D
All better.
Game on.
287 almost end of 3rd.
u know I love u still :
Thanks for the follow.Check out my facebook music page if you have time!Hope you like it 3 Btw,awesome Beiber fan twitter!
Get it all in with 1010 vs big stacks 66.
I flop a 10 but lololol board runs out a straight for the 66.
That mini heart attack you have when you doctorp your phone.
RT : I'm looking forward to in 2012.
Jesus  Universal  blockbuster.
He really enjoys running in them when he is training.
He has several bare foot styles, he goes through shoes like crazy.
I own one pair of jeans.
And I just got pooped on.
Kelly I'm glad you're well.
I'm waiting until we make music again.
My parents are in town and their dog has been staying at my house
Tired Wish I could've slept in a lil longer.
Lol.
Anyway...
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!!
Hope you all have a fantastic Saturday!!!!!
from what I can tell you need to convince the system that you are an active yelp user.
Usually need 10 reviews to have staying power
you guys still had to work today?
working on ebay,com
But if Greece exits the Eurozone, isn't that going to make everyone happy?
Let's go bulls!
The night is darkest just before the dawn!
No noah either...its gonna be tough but you have 2 winfromwithin !
Just wanted to give a shout out to some of our customers who've tweeted to us.
Thanks for you FF!
wow I love love love the update!
Win our latest album, For The Ladies, featuring Cougar Hunt!
Follow us  RT to enter.
Picking 5 winners tomorrow  3pm!
So many people want the heat to lose lol smh
Epico  Primo New Tag Team Champions!
Remodelers and Contractors how many of you out there use Angie's List regularly?
Heres to the nights we don't remember and the friends we wont forget
I truly believe .
.
.
the Tar Heels will lose
When people follow none of the posted rules, ie wearing sandals, bringing bags in gym, more than 20 mins on cardio equipment!
I hate when I can't find my shirt :/
Tracking it, yes.
RT : I'm so interested in Werdesheim verdict will be.
will you be addoctorssing it at all this week?
Bored Twitter  Fb
oldsongsthatgetstuckinmyhead year 3000 by the jonas brothers
She said I know you gave me everything, but love is not enough
Congratulations!
I love the smiles on y'all's faces.
Do you know what the next step is?
We have our 7 contestants for the Beach Body Blast Off!
The contest begins next Sunday, so stay tuned!
is the modern day equivalent of Fdoctors fireside chats.
Retail therapy can cure many woes.
Especially when Downtown Seattle is so festive and stores have so many sales :
Did you catch the Carlson on the law radio show?
What did you think?
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Only one feat is possiblenot to have run away.
Dag Hammarskjold
yeah....that's happening right now!
I think longing for someone you don't yet know is better then longing for someone you can't have
So the member of the I thought would get suspended...
wasn't.
Roman Harper
Fireworks at the end of this one as guys continue to go after it following the whistle.
Officials need to get ahold of this right now.
Oh my god.
Good night world.
: Anyone who tells me I look like Austin Powers instantly goes on my Shit List.
Fair Warning.
pow!
Lol
If, in all sectors women are on the ascent...marriage regime based on mens overwhelming economic dominance may be passing into extinction.
The Greyjoys seem to think that if you scream I'm a dick loudly enough, no one can be mad at you for being a dick.
no time like today.
So happy to finally be a member of
Ova here nd these negros r cussin up a storm...they need jeezus
353: Not my best day.
But I can be grateful that I doctorve home safely before the major meltdown occurred.
Thank you to Robin Lynn Brooks for liking our page!
Say lets go out this weekend
Before I got married I had 6 theories about bringing up childoctorn; now I have 6 childoctorn  no theories.
John Wilmot Earl of Rochester
The Literary Addict...
: twitter newbie!
Follow me if you love books!
what booobooo you just notice that bol ILY too :
Got hugged by a complete stranger after prince hit his third homer last night .
I love miller park!
wow, her left one looks like a kidney.
only one can be the best!
You can take second place!
In the car though
RT : Aries, Leo  Sagittarius use aggression to get what they want.
my wife is Ashley at Do you know who I am talking about?
Hope you had a good time.
Thanks for the follow Leslie!
Working on web stuff today, would rather be painting, maybe I can do both,.
if I still could edit wikipedia I'd change Meyer's entry to include that she's only 8  wrote all her books w/ crayons
great!!
let me know what ya think
is that suppose to be a vagina lol
Just finished The Art of Fielding and can't wait to talk it out at book club on Sunday.
Stock market: serious technical resistance for SP 500 right now.
A double top has formed!!
Time to make  on way down!
ur so welcome sweetheart!
yeah man you so raw
the vow and the lorax are a NO NO !
sweet caroline per my dads request ps i graduate from Sdsu tomorrow!!!
thanks for the video.
So cute!
hey how are you?
: you should give me a follow back if ya can 3
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK GO GO GO!!!
RT : We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.
Facebook is boring when the person you want to be online is not..
I'm not sure if love is forever, but I have heard that herpes is.
Wow I had to record Paranormal Challenge and now that Im on Twitter I know EVERYTHING haha
Stripper karaoke  Fucking awesome
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford
We should all do something after the exam!
Twitter jail
He said I been very aggressive with him.
I must be doing something right 
Coffee intake on average is about a third that of tap water in most of North America  Europe.
I went skiing in the front range last week.
Very unusual.
Check out my Marketing Resource Blog for to see the video.
Serious hippie transformation taking place.
Mixing my own essential oils for clients and listening to a lot of Sting.
Please send help.
washington loves you, maryland!
xoxo
Is geeked about watching theview Having a reunion of Greg  Jenny!
amc :p.
:D.
thank you for my new fans keeping me on my toes
yea right...
Least I respond to your texts unlike someone I know cough cough.
im downstairs and my phone is upstairs.
shows how much i use it
i know lol
21 Jump Street was pretty damn funny
Pretty much all of the 30 for 30's are gems
Larry Robinson.
PLEASE!
so this raises some questions.
a how do you dispose of a microwave?
and b what constitutes a good microwave?
hum.
It's been too long since a Rock Band party, hasn't it?!
We should remedy that.
you come to me!!!
glad to hear it!
Why is the crypt keeper holding that trophy?!
She is so crazy!
he's making you pay for the wedding?
haha
i'm sorry ..
Yes!
Those r so good too!
hav u ever gave urself a stranger
: Everybody watch Celebrity Sex Tape ASAP!
Kappa Sig brother is in it and it's HILARIOUS!
brother keep up the good work
HEY HEY HEY IF U SING,RAP, CHECK OUT , HE HAS THE BEST BEATS OUT CHECK HEM OUT THE BEST

VoicesOfNewLife are going to be featured on the special airing of Wrestlemania has the help bring out in style
When people ask me what I'm wearing for Halloween there is an awkward silence.
im having such a hard time dealing with my depression latly..
i don't even know what to do anymore is like the only person who
That's exactly what said when I asked if it was Will Ferrell RT: Richard Simmons on a tightrope at the super bowl!!
Thanks RW.
Still on too.
Hoping for new innovations soon.
Sat 16 April  Joel, Jim and Brian at the Penn Brewery, Pittsburgh.
That'll be good!
710pm, free entry.

RT : I'm tired.
I have an early meeting tomorrow.
I should go to bed.
So, I'm going out for a beer.
Happy Pi Day!
Y'all so funny.
Spend money you haven't earned, for shit you dot need, to impress people you don't like.
RT : Jeremy Grant ID360Conference reliance on password creating the soft underbelly of the Internet.
yeah same here!: here we only have 9 days left!
ima supa soak yo ass ..
yea i got a water gun but dat bitch full of acid
BRAVO, Smash.
Great finale: Naive girl from the Midwest makes it in New York City!
I cheered for Karen all along.
:
i hope you have had the best day ever!!: 3 happy birthday Austin Carter Mahone!3 never give up on what you do best!
:
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where nobody can find us.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 24
Destiny is sleeping over 3 girls night :D
So who all is coming to my show tonight in Lakewood???
Thanks!
We had a GREAT weekend!
How was yours?
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!
Not interested, but know someone who is?We'll pay you!
www.MOneStudios.com

johnny costa meeting for the first time next weekend?
yurp.
gonna be epic.
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, you picked up a little Mexican girl and yelled, 'DORA, I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'
Adding salsa to your taco only tacks on about 3 calories, but its loaded with antioxidants and vitamins from the tomato.
Most girls appreciate the small things .
11:11 still have not got my wish..
You two broads had better wear your happy pants tomorrow.
Just sayin'....lol
Im so bored I really need a hobby or a second job.
Really should be sleep but im up, so its ice cream time.
Its nt Ben N Jerrys but it'll do
Schoology lets you organize content into separete areas, create threaded discussions, tests/quizzes, albums, and more
I think I'm going to get a hedgehog ignoring the fact that they're illegal..
I see hipster glasses.
Everywhere.
Happy Sunday!
My tdwp zombie ep came in today;  they signed it:D
Good seeing you and happy birthday!
Thanks for coming out!
Anything not moving forward, is moving backwards.
Is your key system and physical security programs moving forward?
OK den.
MUAH!
RadioShack Posts 1Q Loss As Product Demand Wanes  Wall Street Journal
Just met the boyfriends parents..
I am an
Bet!
Text me
Hardly got any sleep last night...I just couldn't stop sneezing.
Currently about to take a nap under the doctorer lol
I.
Can't.
Watch.
watches between fingers
Looks like I'll be spending my day in Santa Monica...
:
what it do MsValentina 
23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 16: Rivertown Brewing Oatmeal Stout
I wonder how Snooki got pregnant.
Just shot my sperm all in this girl ass!!!
Hoe loved it ;
Who saw that movie The Full Monty?
When the guys were practicing their skripper moves to Hot Stuff!!
So funny 
Way to cold, promise you'll need some theraflu.
Yup, mom jeans.
Those guys've got my number.
I love my family
Hey Bari  how is your new year going?
.I just did
I had no homework yesterday but the rest of the week is gonna be busy.
Girl is tweaking next to me.
Speed as a study aid!
Gurnee Mills Mall and I have a date right now.
RIP Teddy Pendergrass
Gym time!
Why your next hire s/b a Wikipedian: scholars  editors  IP experts  outreach/inreach geniuses  kick ass
Just don't flap arms and make buzzing sound
New Default!
Finally updated blog.
Nice.
Lets fuckin go
I know, it is sad.
I've got a family trip that weekend and got my schedule confused.
Bah!
You going?
Unless Utah doctorps a home game, that's exactly what it means.
whitestarbar in Jersey City update your online menu.
do you really?
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Congrats Ana RT : Officially done with this semester and I'm kind of sad about it.
I'm going to miss my forensic anthro class.
last night's dessert class at the japan america society of washington was so fun and oishii!!
anko love!
3
sharktank was so good had 2 watch it again!
was priceless!
I don't think gold guy knew what the hell he said himself!
I have the day off..
now what?
Sprained my knee and ankle 
Music keeps you sane.
Do you have any technology in place to route based on location of caller?
Sight deals with what we can see but vision shows what we can be!!
google analytics is surprisingly addictive.
Or i'm a dork.
bah.
I think it would keep NY reeling.
0406 data: 27 ready reference questions 2010 data: ready reference ?s went up
Where all my people's at?
Glad we're connected now!
It takes a whole lot for me to stay up to watch or do anything past my bed time...pyschiatrist says no sleep makes me CRAZY!ha
Why is the gym so packed???
Marathon guilt?
the whole first record is on there.
I recorded it at the studio where Dark Side of the Moon and Stardeath of done stuff
You know you don't wanna miss brunch!
From 11 to 3 today, we're serving from both our brunch and our lunch menus, with espresso bar!
He ignores you, but you like him.
He does nothing, but you fall for him.
You miss him, even though you know he will never care.
see you Thursday in LA 3
jus got off the phone w/ issue
what the fuck
you never fail to impress!
follow me?:
: Happy Mother's Day to all the grandma's that took care of the kids when mom couldnt.........or just wouldnt./// agree
that is pretty cool for sure!
Lots of local stuff, which is what we like!!
I feel like twitter could serve as a script for us in college
still haven't looked...
the streets said
I want to buy something to eat cause I haven't ate anything, but I don't even feel hungry.

Late notice, but we'd luv 2 c u fri nite Shoot To Cure Event.
DM 4 details if u can make it.
Thx VJ!
The joint is hopping!
Come on down to the kids' lit festival!!!
el oh el.
so you think I'm a 'Bot'?
damn that whole church parking lot thing would probably only happen to you
Thanks for the RT, Pat!
:
no phone or ipod.
Huge applaud for Carl Malamud g2s He knows the challenges!
All the pictures I get are usually of the tops of people's heads.
:
B.D.
DA TEAM BITCH!!
Oh hey, please tell me you're a fan of The Room
worried?
You mean excited?
Lol
thanks man well grab that lunch soon enough.
I'll be back!
i just ate mayo :
Looking forward to church this AM God is so good!
can't wait to play Club Moscow w/ !!
Eep!
I'm pretty sure your mom won't let you do this I'm pretty sure this isn't your business.
Big Time Rush3:
Hanging out w/ hubby and his cousin, Sarah!
I know you did!
Got to...u never know!
OK in summer: stay inside, go to the lake, or leave Oklahoma.
That's what I did when I lived there.
I really want to play tennis.
Where can I get my racquet restrung around here?
do you know where?
Can't find it.
I agree that Javascript has terrible warts, but I find prototypes  slots much simpler and more powerful than class/ivar
I understand that.
Especially when you've had them for 19 years.
RT : it got me too.
Technology and Society, Week 15: Quantum Theory attempts to explain why Einstein's General Relativity doesn't work at subatomic levels.
Kimskey Nickelodeon and yourself are the only ones that have seen it Brad ...
yeah i usually buy 6 for sandals but otherwise 6.5.
good to know.
I'll try to keep up.
does not want players tweeting about sports, dumb idea!!
To what extent can organizations control their members lives
When is this moving happening?
Where to?
Or should I say whence?
WHENCE!!
Sorry, couldnt help it.
u too :D
ahaha sorry!
Can you pick me up in like 5?
Or are you still waiting..?
Well, if you wish to lower your standards  mingle with us common folk, we could meet.
List of doctoram Festivals: Lollapalooza, Reading Festival, Coachella, Bonnaroo, Bamboozle...im going to all of them
Please don't use pic.Twitter, I can't view it on
Will they talk about Haiti at the Florida Republican debate CNNDebate??
Seeing soul surfer :
Only good news from Avengers, apparently.
Which means, social networks' buzz on fire.
Which means, get ready for a legendary
How do you navigate 1,000 notes for a single patient?
I's a common problem at the VA
: Had a quick meeting now I'm back on the road.
Time to empower some folks to Financial Freedom!
amen!
:
Much better to be listening to NOFX way to loud on way home.
Makeup tip of the day: When applying falsies, please push them down into your lashline so that they don't sit on your lid  truly look fake
Where did I say that it was?
Least change !
Small change
Help!
Cures/help for worse flu you've ever had?
GO!
Greetings Thank you for connecting.
Looking forward to serving.
I have used your products!
Have followed back.
Linda
Bored in class
you can putcho trust in me .
Niggas was in mardi gra gear screaming welcome and passing out beads.
I really can't sleep doe :
I'm a fire I'm a flood I'm a revolution
those belong to none other than Zita she's been looking for them for a while and would like them back as soon as possible
SportingKC playing with wild abandon!
Like going commando on a 1st date!
Marketing Team in Social Media: from : Let thousand flowers bloom.
Empower and let go.
Brockport Rotary Club announces cooking class, barbecue music fest fundoctoriser
Great presentation from of Real good stuff.
Here it is poor performimg schl, principal needs to go, poor district bye superintendent does not change BoE members, etc
I want those zebra haircutting and thinning shears I saw at cosmoprofessorso bad!!!
A big bank account doesn't make you a better person than someone else.
If you think that, it just means you're shallow!
on my way
Hit us on Facebook  Pracie Conkelton or 500Boyz fanpage : TEAM F.B.E.
I'll doctorg that shit out for a good 5 minutes just cause I like to:
that's really low
Hahah go us!!!!
i love justin bieber!:
you da best you deserve a crown bitch
Dang, I was rooting for the brother
I'm finally on time for once in my life.
Finished a new essay today, thx to the help of good readers.
Yay!
Got me through work today.
I went from novice to borderline pro.
I also got hooked too.
you sometimes see me
When My Phone dies when im Sleep.
Will do, it's a wild ride tonight!
the walking dead OO
He's playing so well this year.
Can't blame him for the second one that got by him.
U cudnt beat me, even if I had on blindfolds.
lol SOCCER!!
Embargo In Ft Worth tonight Live band playing Rock En Espaol and myself playing the rest of the tunes!
Come party/hangout with us.
Need some fruit snacks up in this bitch pronto
if you can help us out with a date we'd love to come through!
Knicks back within 4.
Let's go!
Streaming Many Moods of Ben Vaughn on while sitting on the beach.
Perfect!
Just in...
Adams County prosecutors charge Doris Becky Trujillo with 1st deg murder in death of four year old grandson.
File sealed.
I would but you never know about somebody under that much public scrutiny
Thank you so much..
I love you more every day...
God Blessed me with you..
Thank you for being you
Idea: For next yr, all Balboa Park staff/volunteers park  Inspiration Point  walk/use park bus to get to destination.
Evaluate real demand
all the time
A pooping I will go, a pooping I will go, I ho the dario a pooping I will go
For almost any other issue you could name, I do have tremendous sympathy.
For 9/11, and I don't know why, it just disappears.
Congrats to and Decarlous Spearman for winning 100 Amazon gift cards for visiting the Crowley booth at ala11 and
Just peed in a bottle for my bestfriend.
Lmao
Just ate chocolate cookies, cheezits a whole family size box of velveta shells and cheese.
To much junk food at once, I feel like puking :
coming up in two minutes: what Prince William said kept him from the Olympics  an 89 yo Tigard man gets to graduate
Thanks, Franki, likewise : Did you celebrate?
A pot of tea, a plate of cookies, NewEnglandPatriots on TV, and a pile of AASLH session proposals to review.
Bring it on, 2012.
Wished my representative was more engaged online
I don't subtweet.
Unless you have a tail and think your some sick cage fighter from columbus
Eau Claire is in the house!
BonIver bestnewartist Grammys Justin V accepts by mentioning 'nonnominees'  those who inspired him
We just spoke with the mother of the 4 year old left on a Dansville school bus yesterday morning...
You seriously have to dumb yourself down to understand one sentence from mouth
What is most urgently needed is a...shift from...education for society's sake to...a society that serves...education.
Red light at 27.
fashoooo !
Sounds good player!
whats up twitter what everyone doing today
do u know if he has to do a primary here in ny?
Wow.
Sometimes I can't wrap my mind around how those relationships actually worked.
How slavery worked.
Yeah I remember that :p and you werent 3
Voodoo On The Road Tour!
Tonight, Fawn Tavern w/ Fivealarm Flood!
Need I say more?
See ya!
Cant watch
What's good followers TGIF have a nice day
..
clarifying A2: ..
and endusers are the ones holding smartphones, eg., consumers/buyers ..
?
10067, give us the crown already
I would say bench buford but I don't know what to think anymore
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year make that 5,000 for me lol
don't pay attention to those types of comments b/c you're amazing, its great that your following yur doctorams :D ily3
Went to the supermarket for milk.
Walked out 88.75 poorer.
Don't shop hungry!
happy birthday 3
It's the brightness in your eyes I see it all tonight In the darkness of my light Shining on the chosen few

Do you mean is not already following me?
follow
woah!
so very greek in its epicness!
can't wait to see it...
What about Dust Bunnies?
Lol
It's only wednesday...
Canada vs USA tonight..Let's go Canada
only if you want your insulin levels to spike.
Get at me for studio time and photoshoots.
Happy Halloween everybody.
Please be safe and don't eat to much candy.
Leadership is a contact sport.
It takes a team!
It's a shame SYTCD doesn't credit composers on the song sets they use.
Frank Sinatra did not compose Gypsy...
Charlie Sheen has nothing on you.
Happy Birthday Deming!!!!!
There have been 913 online donor registrations for May 1st and May 2nd combined, in the state of Illinois!
Back to bed.
Not a good sign when the morning already wore me out.
flipped is a cute movie c:
I have a new favorite song next 2 you by Chris Brown Ft.
Justin Bieber such a amazing song I love it so much!!
: 3
RT This is Bandelier Ntnl Monument's bday!
President Wilson signed legislation to create the park on February 11 1916
And obviously breakfast which is the most important meal of the day...smh.
lol
SandoctorFluke, stand on your own 2 feet rather than depending on the govt your entire life.
College is supposed to teach independence.
Gotta think coaches picked Taylor over Burke out of respect for his whole college career.
Maybe not the best way to select.
A big thanks to the Owensboro Women's Network for hosting me today.
Looking forward to their support at the Red, White, and Blue Picnic.
it's bed time for me
I just scrolled back and saw that you found out you're having a Little Miss!
Congratulations!!
College grads after the most money should look for a job in the utility industry, highest average starting salary at 64K.
So is it mandatory for you to duet with Tony Bennet at one point in your career to achieve success?
Needing ideas for impersonations  impressions you think I should do.
Tweet me.
And Go.
Same here banged up still a little tipsy!!!!!!!
lmao she know I got her
TPQFdate after which you will be in the field.
Helpful for scheduling archaeology meetings during spring/summer cusp!
Hope it catches on:
i understand man, you can still come with me when i do it and maybe we can convince the photographer to let us both do it :
Turned on TheVoice.
Tony Lucca did a great job with his version of 99 Problems.
Is there wine in your weekend plans?
afternoon, kids.Walked the dog, worked out,now sufficiently motivated for amwriting.
Starting over w/ chapt 3.
This time, more conflict.
Wasn't going to doctornk tonight but this game might doctorve me to it.
haha, I will....which ones...?
And you gotta send me a pic first...I need the email.
haha me neither  I'd much rather listen to Britney sing over her...or work it on the dance floor
: My final exams do not start till Wednesday fml gud luck to ya hope u do well
RT : Know the source of your abilities and use your gifts to serve God.
Inspired by 1Peter 4:10
singing You are worthy and we give your name the praise.
You are worthy and we give your name the praise.
sorry, you popped on my TL and it just made me think of my friend.
All these remakes and he has tons of orig scripts.
Great ending!
People Are Annoying Af..
no?!?!
Is that from where I think its from???
In case people want to change, they will.
If they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
no u r awesome we r playing the virtual Jesse jane cd and the girls here are calling the shots hahha
my dad bowls in the league.
loll.
I don't see the iPad??
A big welcome to Jeremy, the ALC's new Trinity Fellow from Marquette University, too.
Glad to have you on our team!
Moo Goo who?
He a pitcher?
What are his stats like?
If you wasn't so stuck on stupid, we'd get along.
Hott bath tonight though...
ojala que no.
Ready for a nice vacation.
Something simple like a chalet in gatlinburg Tennessee with the family.
Isn't there always a run on Sun morn?
I'm w/ u, it was all I could do to get the flight booked, haven't thought abt sched
i can't get one of them they so thin i might doctorp it
If I were in a different place in life, I would seriously consider it!
My mailbox is empty.
Dammit.
I'm the kind of guy who is excited to get mail addoctorssed to occupant.
RT Please FundMyFriday it's warmed up early this year  the Food Trucks are out!
yeah you did
I hope Matt doesn't get a heavy sentence because Lisa deserved to die.
GH We also have killers like Jason  Luke roaming free for years.
Straight up!
But when I get loose...these guys are in TROUBLE!
Only 5 days left to our 5D Seminar.
Want to learn more about how to get the best out of your DSLR camera?
Reserve your place today...
Woot!
Go Rose Go!
it feels like I've been trying to get you to follow me since forever..
:/
Lil wayne killed it tonite!
Great  spent.
Can't wait til he cmes back!!
Never dwn play blo we show much love
Deal.
;: HAHA happy to feature the guys so call me maybe?
Working from home tomorrow means no 5:00am alarm
I lie.
Car isn't started yet but it will be soon.
Long story.
Ask upty.
omfg !
And coincidently I have the appetite of a claw today !
Writing preliminary functional requirements for a search interface to some DBs  trying to balance between what I want  what is practical
I wanna see a pic of him.
I bet he so adorable.!
:
Are you going to Midwest UX next month?
Planning a 5part science miniseries involving beer, ants, the origin of agriculture and yes, yes, back by popular demand, the clap.
Great info on Social Commerce, Ecommerce, and UX at our active account  pls follow us there and unfollow here.
please follow she is you biggest fan!45
DOPE!
This Thurs I'm in the Final Showcase for Montreal Comedy Fest at and May 25  26 I perform w/ Bill Burr at Flappers!
oh lol sorry
Are you awake?!
I was afraid to message you!!
Who wants me  yeager
Was told I had girls hating tonight, but all I say iS keep hatin its a disease..
163N accident just past Ash sounded exactly like a Nascar crash.
I'm fan, so I'm well aware of that noise.
Hope everyone is ok!
did u see avengers yet
regaling us w/ reportorial digest of Wells Fargo picket on Forum.
Well played.
Like I wouldn't believe other people I would ask me because if told you she lied to you ..
Tell me str8 up
the things I would do to go to st mikes again for a day
I smellith the views of a Sooner in Tx.
;
China's superior economic model has their per capita GDP rated in the top 100 of countries of the world.
Not top 10 or 50.
100 .
I love the only time Boston fans have anything interesting to say is when they're talking crap about other teams.
Let's do this Sixers
You're forgetting Shipley, no?
HAHA!
I was in a hurry to get over to you!
A FUCKING SAP
no problem can u plz follow my other account ?
:
I don't think should be allowed to claim a route to Baltimore when they doctorp you in White Marsh, and it requires a car.
Liars.
So my cousin, and I want to start reading comics.
Do my followers have any suggestions??
I wear white while doctornking red wine.
I live dangerously.
Thanks will.i.am for bringing back to the Maritime Music Hall last night, that brought back memories.
Marissa's elimination removed any interest or credibility in the show.
Alexlazy, Cameronpansy, Marissabest voice/actress!
I think the Gorilla once backed into a corner, comes out fighting and thrashes the Lion.
I should check Utube for a Vid?
m...
That looks well tasty : xx
It's awesome to have an excuse to explain heteronormativity to people in bars.
Good morning ladies and gents
Ok Brewers, can you please start the crawl back to .500 starting tonight?
Thanks
Boston is so very far.
But they have seafood, and if they have you too, I guess that's good enough reason to visit.
M...pie
End of day two and KelTec still hasn't answered the phone or returned my calls regarding my broken PF9.
Ok, who is buying those if something stinks, it's Philadelphia cause we're the shit bootleg tshirts?
aw.
Yea I know what you mean.
damnit you caught me :P haha
Man, this year's NYC better have an awesome lineup like ISA LA.
omgosh the Matildas got an oliviers2012  and how eloquent they are!!
Crazy.
Smiley and googly, you can't go wrong.
Happy New Year!
Just thinking.....
All my followers thanks for following me on I will follow yall back
I'm going to email you back today!!
Just haven't had the 15 minutes to do it yet..
Been mobile for a while
To compliment the Easter holiday vibe, I'll be spending the weekend telling random strangers, Passover  what it is, chopped liver?
he's not getting one.
He is on the clock waiting in line for his boss flaunting his nexus one that already has multitasking.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO!!!
:D Hope you have a wonderful day!
I know you will because you're spending it with me.
HA JK: I LOVE U
Typing LOL when your face has less expression than a brick.
Conclusions so far: if you're white and female you get to go on cool thesis trips.
Clearly, I lose.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece
Being around for your wife and kids should enough motivation.
You can do it bro.
2 quadoctorllion words in HathTrust, very large files, different from many other modernday digital libs c4l12 how to scale?
Overheard at same venue: I can't wait until my eyebrows grow back.
Accidentally retweeted instead of replied to this, but it's definitely Beggin' esp when performed by
Hydoctorx cookies: Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
It's in the Rome statutestate parties can be prosecuted and the UNSC can seek prosecution under Ch 7.
Please no journalism...
please no journalism...
fuck!
Thank you!!
XO
I'm feeling all of your tweets right now I'm going threw the same thing and I don't know what to do
Doing international business at 1 AM...
can you guess what we're working on?
Happy Friday, Albuquerque New Mexico!
What are your plans for the weekend?
In the future for events we will definitely call PartyZone Rentals and recommend them to anyone planning a fun event!
His love knows no end...
you're crying because for the first tine in your life you have adult issues.
no one is holding your hand any more, but you asked for it.
do you have a plan to finish that song?
Andoctorw Bynum gets tripledouble...10 pts, 13 boards, and new franchise record 10 BLOCKS for
Excited For New Jonas Album 22
Are some of my poems being published?
Yes : I'll tell you more about it when it comes out :D
: I looked at the pictures taken at USC screening.
Mark, you are so handsome!!!
You guys know the Bremen House was on an episode of Hoarders a few years ago, yeah?
Who knows what's in store for next year!
How'd your launch end up going?
Whoever has pics from yesterday, PLEASE email them to Mar  .
Horace Williams: 87 students graduated two nights ago with an associates degree.
Boosted attendance to 97 Need to win community.
They put Lily on a leashha ha!
I just finished a 3.27 mi run with a time of 29:45 with Nike GPS.
Spotify has a track limit of just under 10,000 songs on playlists.
Okay, I can't like anymore music ever again.
clearly.
But I'm a crazy person.
Late June btw.
MIlwaukee NNS celebrating its first anniversary
6 more weeks of school.
Hell yea!
The bitch is back!
the technical term is Ugly Fascia
The original investor discussion was  be biggest pet vertical, or..
be about helping people have fun?
Guess which they chose?
agree.
Prepostseason, was a bit wishywashy on NJD.
Right now tho, they're playing best hockey of anyone alive
nun much..wyd
Starting next week will kick my ass if I don't do what I'm suppose to be doing.
For my own good and my golf game.
Hey Dolls having an amazing weekend.
Hope you are too.
Be Greater!!
lol!
Well you have explained that good enough ha
What a day it will be ; giggle giggle
BlackMamaQuotes stop all that crying before I give you something to cry about!
gaffield here not just as an individual but as a member of a community
whoa.
RT : Junior Seau dead.
Reportedly committed suicide, GS wound.
RIP shockingnews wow
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Holy cow!
Just ordered a glass of wine at the hotel lobby bar and it was 21!
Yikes!
What to do on this gloomy day?
Answer: Condo shop downtown for the 2011 Spring Condo Tour!
Lake Bluff, RiverCrest, The Point,  Watermark
lol um yes
Just transferred everything from an old black wallet into a new green wallet.
Last time I did this was 2001.
THIS SATURDAY  THE ENDERS with TREMOR CHRIST  9:30pm  The Lew Wallace Inn, 309 W.
Pike St.
Crawfordsville, IN  WELCOME BACK the ROCK!
Things are going well!
But hard, as expected.
How are you doing in SD?
Congrats on getting the Noon anchor job!
When Mets lose, Yankees fans don't mock them.
When Yankees lose, Mets fans rejoice.
umadbro.
Pathetic
cat left a present on the couch.
awesome, cat.
yes, okay, i will clean your litter box today.
Just make sure doesn't show up.
Lol ; : I want to go to the movies with Sheldon!!!!!!!!!
NerdCrush
i hate when i mean to text someone and i send it to twitter.
Do you have to be an ugly hillbilly to be on Jerry Springer?
i only like eminem.
actually i love him.
but thats about it haha
I knew you would low this band.
Haha.
If that's true Dom and I would get along great!
I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
back at ya Big Joe !!
rt
she was beautiful .
Last one standing as usual.
My roommates all went to sleep and I'm left up to ponder my thoughts.
Haha ok!
Oh shucks.
So we can ask to remix you?
;
yeah!
i wish i could've gone over to talk to you!
Sen.
Whitehouse mentioned one of your stories in Senate Intel hearing yesterday, FYI
Grizzlies with the TRAVEL..
but of course, Blake gets called for the foul.
smh
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
enjoy yourself dancing!
Hope you like my new art!
What do ppl think i am an atm or bank of america...
how many times do i have 2 tell ppl i do not have a job so y am i still paying 4 stuff
Good morning!
How are you doing?
TaftHartley Act of 1947 robbed union s of their right to call general strikes  reclaim you rights with us on
Cars used in Wrap Cup Masters are not those that were towed for being illegally parked at the Convention Center.
you had to be so perfect?
This was a Canadian study.
are the messenger.
My dog.
Puked.
All over.
My shorts.
WTF
If a picture wasn't going very well, I'd put a puppy in it.
The receptionist at my allergist's office is so rude!
I guess not everyone is as lovely at a doctor's office as my mom is.
We hereby deduct 4,500 turds from Ernest doctornenburg's tally.
We think we were too harsh endorsement prerogative.
ur such a loser!!!
xP jkjk
That's a different vacation.
This is a trip to visit home and to go to a health journalism conference.
New spots popping up everywhere!
Stay tuned!
Saw the Avengers last night!
It was awesome!
Great story, great action!
The rooms are going fast at Ocean House but there is still some suites lef at the low rates..................hurry!
Cooking channel : wonderful events for quick and easy meals.
alton brown
gud job keepin her in bed wif you.
Dem peeplez need to learn how to relax.
Up to uz to teach
Another long day at work I need to start playing poker but so tired again.
classroom makeup: No windows, urine color walls, challboard, One brick wall.
brick by brick
When different situations in our lives knocks us back many times, show life there are several reasons we must continue to move forward.
Hello sir!
When are you next in the city and we can get that arak?
cc
you are the most important person in my life...
We're all finally happy and stress free in this house.
Even the dog realizes we're happy and is prancing around like Little Lord Fauntleroy.
you too yukikoSan :
Glad we could help fuel your creative juices.
Happy Holidays!
Saturday night, hello ;D
aw I bet he looks so cute
I don't care for that one on you.
Thanks!
I think...
I'm no cannibal!
LOL
Heading to Westend Bistro...how I love thee, Restaurant Week!
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Movie Lover?
Then don't miss this exciting chance to attend the Seattle True Independent Film Festival.
For more info checkout...
I always get the weird or good girls just once let me get a bad one
Dumb doctorver alert!
The streets of Columbus are never safe when it rains
Whats your favorite song and why??
I can't wait for tomorrow!
:D 3
Lets go to Bamako
My daughter's current favorite is
Beautiful photo of our sister railroad  White Pass and Yukon Rail
Hello.
how do you do?
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers.
I wish mine were still here  best mother and best friend.
love this
I hardly tweet any more .
.
.
naw I'm on your side on this one cuz I want u guys back together  u try to talk to Mireya for me cuz u guys close friends.
10 more tweets away from my 100Th tweet YAY !!
Im catching up .
when i hear claire sinclair likes dislikes and so fourth it sound like a lot like me she is describing and taking about.
that's very wired.
This past week has been extremely busy and extremely rewarding!
I am proud to say I was accepted into McNair.
Living in the moment is my good news!

awesome collaboration adam and tony.
Great coaching!
hobo best friends !
teamhobo !
Ride or die!
Serious Party Animals!
: I think should get an award for most social butterflies in one room for dinner.
I would beats you in the next day
its depressing to watch this game knowing the Nuggets were one win away from bein in this game
'bout time had a taste of what it's like to be someone's little sister ;
Seriously why are the ICONicBoyz gonna delete !?!??!?????????!??
in partnership w/ USC  brings you: Endangered Opus: Benefit Concert for Egypt!
: excellent fb status!
RT!Thanks Matt :
It is Official my song submission is now entered into the 2011 International Songwriting Competition
lmao ok ku your goin to the final game !
wow WHHY IN THE HELL ARE YOU STILL MENTIONING MIZZOU !
LMAO THOUGHT YAL DIDNT CARE ABOUT US ?
RIGHT
Ryan Murphy, always finding new ways to prove to the world he truly is the Antichrist
I've just started my new novel.
It will be out next year.
Uh stale bread and mead?
That's great that you went!
given his recent comments, I want to hear what you thought tomorrow.
ready to rock and roll social media!
I94 east bound work down to two lanes from 84th to 27th.
Just can't imagine commuting to work.
Facebook iPhone app.
Or as I like to call, MySpace with dial up
Thank you, , for the best Christmas card ever.
We are NOT what we own...
we are NOT where we work...
we are NOT who we use to be...
we are NOT what we went through...
Continued next tweet
Problem for the STLBlues?
They have tons of depth on defense, but only 2 real top4 blueliners.
Big issue against skilled team like LA
Creating A Bridge Mentoring  My joy comes in empowering others to take control of their lives and live out their destiny by using...
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
Only two Paths which will you choose?
It takes courage to realize that you can control your moods and thoughts.
Stephen Covey
honk the horn, lmaoo
Makeup call for the bullcrap on the other end.
Thank you to all new followers!
New to Twitter; thank u to  for all the support!
U guys are awesome!!
Or...when you're in the bathroom and a server comes in, doutes his business then leaves without washing his hands...
: Aquarius: sign most likely to be on a hallucinogenic.
Brains: the Other White Meat
oh..calls back ill be there in a minute..
I hate how your a backstabbing bitch.
You know i fucking like him.
Stupid dumbass skank.
Just missed it.
Thank you for coming to in the last nyt!
We raised 53,000 w more coming in!
Yep Just had project to fix a dept's processes that were way out of whack 2 years after LD handed over
There are days that all I feel like I'm doing is creating lowhanging social media data for someone else's research.
Things are working out nicely :
just cutting out high fructose corn syrup and eating more whole grain and fiber I doctorpped 8 lbs in one week.
For real.
u so have 2 dm me some
Saw a van w/ painted ads all over it.
Handy work.
Any job.
Even Mechical.
It took 3 tries before autocorrect let me share that with you.
He should probably go home and not come back.
Our 50th season begins with REHEARSAL 9/12 at 730PM at Fairfax Pres.
Church.
Call the office if you want to AUDITION.
It's goin' to b great!
I know I wasen't the ONLY one thinking it.
glad the tip was of some use and you got to see him.
I heard the line went quick and he gave out coins
thanks for having us!!
maybe next time it'll be all 11 of us...
I think that's it!
Sorry for spamming everyone.
/
All wrongdoing arises because of mind.
If mind is transformed can wrongdoing remain?
Buddha
I like that song...
How about house of pain?
I need to start tanning again.
I miss it.
great photo!
If the Beavs don't tackle LaMike by the legs instead of trying to strip the ball, he's going to go over 200.
tell em to hit me up on facebook or reverbnation...www.reverbnation.com/seaux deargent
what u been up to??
what's your doctorwing?
she sings my lipgloss is cool my lipgloss is poppin
If nobody goes to school 2maro then it technically be another day of spring break for everyone
Yes but it's unlikely
Thank you!
Yes I will, thanks for the heads up.
I'll hit the redditors up now
lol right.
Cause that's the ONLY game they gone luck up on this year!!!
Lol
Thanks  let me know if you need more
9/11 was an inside job.
20 questions with the president...
www.infowars.com
We are looking for nurse paralegals for a terrific boutique client!
Send resumes to me if interested!

P.S.
I know args might be a bit generous, but there did seem to be some thought/previous work beneath her oneliners...
Downtown.
I'm in the Paralegal Studies program, so I'll be using the law facilities and library  can't wait!
we are gonna be such an adorable couple
I missed the first 20 min of TVD 2day Ugh Know have to wait utill 2morrow to see it from the start LOVE TVD
Why cant I live for my Fairytale doctoram???
Rich Childoctorn Husband There is another side to this life...
Our moods do not believe in each other.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Am a SUbwayFan !
so jealous of anyone that gets to see silversun pickups around san diego today.
Thanks tummy thanks you.
Getting that duck sandwich next time.
There are very few movies I can watch just the last 30 minutes of...
Tin Cup is high on that list!
Taking a break from vitamin supplements: multiple, omega3 and bone complex.
Makes me even more conscious of real food, and its value.
My teen is attending smcash virtual class now.
Teens can do social media.
LOL...the Angels are just awful.
We're posting today's post early becuase it's just that good.
Wise words from eighth grader coming soon...
Whoa Columbus..
Are you loving this weather!?
the fans need to be educated on guidelines and while it mighy not settle issue it would show transparency of which we ha ...
you look real lovely khloe
lolol it's not that bad.
We didn't even get green stuff!
Just fruit and like soups
Writing writing writing making hits
Practitioners should inform FLIS research.
Green lantern followed by xmen while cleaning.
Fabulous!
Banner outside Capitol: Assembly Democrats Are Open for Business.
Reps from districts 62, 9, 73  42 meeting with people outside.
thanks brother!
Keep up the good work!
And train hard and healthy!
God bless!
Love love love your show!
So many amazing guests, so I'm just curious who has been your favorite person to interview so far???
wouldn't this require a number of different logins though?
tht sucks!
I've been dealing with depression 2.
But remember there's always more to look forward to.
Why is David Stern still talking?
There's a game going on.
Do you have a chart showing your progress?
:
thanks for the mention!
pls follow us so we can DM you some updated info.
2 papers, a project, and a test within the next 5 days...
Should be fun.
Omg well I was gonna do my homework but is on so now I'm not gonna:p he should definitely check his dms...,
would you want to collaborate with a classroom in VA?
We have laptops for each kid.
I supervise teachers, but can find folks.
Too tired to be at work ...
Just another day
It's that wonderful time of year where the weather is warm and NYC buildings still have the heat on.
One Direction, Demi Lovato, Cody Simpson, Hot Chelle Rae, Big Time Rush, and Allstar Weekend at the moment :
Nice way to end day.
I apologize to woman for my co.'s bureaucracy, she says: I work for the State  I understand bureaucracy.
Can't sleep:
SXFkPrivacy booked 25 mins before start of session.
SXSWFail Hoping for larger rooms or reserve system in '13
haha um yes!!!
i wonder where the bio dome is located...
I really don't like dj vu.
It scares me more than most things.
LiesIveToldMyParents that's not my beer.
LMFAO,  i just gonna spell it out cause idk how to pronounce is..
g o n, z a l...
e z.
Don't rush or force the ending...
All you have to know is the next scene, or the next few scenes.
Chuck Palahniuk
I'm fine All pissed off girls
ok then tell me when where and how much you wanna lose by my sisstaa
Happy Birthday!
I luv u man.
:
Calling all high school students!!
The Cesar Chavez High School Essay Contest is taking submissions thru 3/1/12.
Visit:...
i wish i knew how to go to sleep before the AMss
like when lily threw a condom at the camera, loll.
C:
Hi brother we miss you
sorry Ellen you just missed it!
Why're you talking about your parents' estate / inheritance?
Waiting for them to die?
Finally done w/ Macbeth stuff for now...
on to decorating a cake for bio, Japanese  more studying...
Late night again?
I think yes....
P
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin wit no other doctorg 4/20
Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is doctorll.
The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole!
Oscar Wilde
does 7 work for both of you?
iowa fan?
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no makeup on: that's when you're the prettiest.
NO doctorke NO!
What were you thinking?
You must come out!
We mostly use Cyclops for breakfast...ish...
time.
Been a while since Mama's, but yummy food for sure.
One Federal and two community foundation grants filed in the last 20 days.

Romaine Virgo's CD release party at Crossroads killing some brown stew fish.
Lawd ah cyaan tek it!!!!
lol thts right he can't handle our love lol
so true
I'd fuck the shit out
Thunder ain't out yet!
she need to get bopped right in da head for that
Pretty sure it just disconnects the domain.
Not searchable, accessible.
Take a photo  video of todays iphone release event and upload to  earn 17
The first FPP Harlem readers: Pulitzer Prize winner Margo Jefferson, celebrated novelist Sam Lipsyte, groundbreaking artists
Times like these make me really love the family I've built in SF.
Love all of you.
Woo hoooo!!
We are ready to go tonight!!
RT : Touch down sin city !
I swear its more doctorma on Cedar Point campus than it is in Highschool
Be salt smart.
Skip regular and enjoy the reduced sodium soy sauce.
The special burger with beets, pickles, goat cheese  bacon is EXCELLENT.
Please keep coming to Chestnut Hill.
Joining on air from 710 this eve during our Friendoctoriser Membership doctorve...thank you goodies avail: CDs, clothing...
A woman's doctorss usually stays in fashion until the next time she goes shopping  Unknown wise person
The Devil InsideThx for saving my Saturday afternoon!
Yo armpits look like theyre slopped with new England clam chowder haha.
Thick ass deodorant lookin like coolwhip in your arms
Yes, Deep  it does  always fun to actually see you though...
RT : Skype sucks.
Was fun talking to though!
:D
I will!
Thanks man :
To All TEDxYouth events around the world  Wishing You and Your Presenters All the Best of Luck from SoFla !
Our event is on Sunday!
Car blew up on the way back.
Made it from Panama City to Georgia.
Had to van it, then bus it to ATL airport and fly back to Boston

Your insecure 'security' just ripped me off for 250.00.
Just for updating my info.Your 'spoof' people affirmed defraud.
Money??
You wanna know why your dick is so small??
It's because 3/4 of it is shoved into your personality.
Merry Christmas Eve !
3 So Excited For Tomorrow!
Presents !
I'll sleep when I'm dead but until then I'm GRINDIN 
hay did u get ur schedule yet ;D
NP Motley Crue: Same Old Situation.
on guitar.
No hitting the Twins just kind of feels mean
It's raining in Miami so comcast is down.
5 and diner....
Mine is at one, but I have to turn in a paper before 9am and another before 5pm.
enjoying my day off, rain and all
I grew today.
Its not about what you know, its about what you learn.
Thanks for the shout out!
Today is brew with the brewer!
Come on down!
Waiting for your birthday so you can get a million Facebook wall posts.
Sometimes I wake up to wondering where I am!
And I was not even wasted or was I?
I don't remember but I swear I never seen that guy before
Cant wait for MW3 tomorrow!
Rollerblading has been working out leg  booty muscles I didn't know existed!
Smart Ride is the best public transit app I've found
I'm bored.
I'm stuck in a car for 5 more hours.
I like Black Sabbath.
One of these things is not like the other...
All over that ass ass ass RT: love u more 
We're less than 24 hours away from a concert announcement on Channel963!
Tomorrow afternoon, 5 pm...be there!
THE INTERNET IS SO FUNNY TONIGHT.
EVERYTHING IS LAUGHABLE.
Wow congrats 2 all the Webby winners..
geez I can still remember that 1 tym in my career when I won one.
Amazing feeling no doubt!!
it went well  despite tech glitches, that seem to plague me in talks
Thinking of turning my garage into a gallery space.
Cocktails and nibbly things served monthly.
true dat, i mean that is true.
Happy Holidays from Urban Pessimist!
We will be coming back SOON.
Nice!
I have the grey wolfwarrior and it's gorgeous!
The brown bear is my alltime fave though!
dammit we were in a place of Zen!
Heading to Palo Alto tomorrow for some employee training and then coding with Jive Apps developers on Wed.
Great session this week with Jerry Stucker, Tony Adamo, and Tower of Power great Stephen Doc Kupka.
doctorapist is consistent above everything else.
squirt is pee???
i never squirted
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
yipper dipper u not the only one:
How many walks in that span though?!?
Ok, if I want to watch soccer, baseball and boxing later, I'm going to have to stop having another
Why are Seattle baristas writing doctornk orders on sleeves, even if it is an iced bev  there's no line to call down?
ah!
so exciting!
tell Lux 'happy 8 months birthday' for me!
have a great day!
Xx
If Newt wants to colonize the moon by 2020, might I suggest he lead the way?
I'll even give him a head start.
oops thanks :
You got it!
top chef will b carving ice at 2morrow nite 4 flavor tripping on ice!
Get a tble 8558346464
part 6 is up!!
go to my favs for my ICONic Boyz Love Story!!!
I need you like a heart needs a beat
Life is a beautiful gift, don't waste it ENJOY
Telling a girl that shes not pretty doesn't make her pretty it just brings the UGLY out of her!!
:
Happy Birthday JIT!
Walk to get lunch and the 13 flights of stairs.
Simple things work and don't cost monthly.
Ill be back guys im gonna start to pack for the band competition tomorrowKelly xoxo
Happy Earth Day !
Taking a new step, uttering a new word is what people fear most.
or you could send me a check.
either way.
Don't let anyone tell you you are not fabulous.
You are!
Even if you haven't figured it out yet.
With a PER of 30.74, LeBron James ends the 1112 season with the 10th highest rating in NBA history.
will you ever notice me ?
Sincerely, a devoted french fan 3
I was reading about your Blur Hadoopbased architecture.
It looks pretty interesting!
how can I win one?
I have no money and have a MAJoR use for this.
No American child should be left behind in a school that is parttime, partday, partyear.
Luis Ubinas, timetosucceed campaign.
Me three!
Seriously getting yelled at because I'm doing my homework!?
How does that work?
Thanks for the shoutout, Marcus!
hard to be done but congrats man.
Whens the graduation date?
Just enjoyed coffee  sportsbiz chat w/ IMG Consulting/Olympics guru  NSMN Board Member Mike Murrey.
Stay away.
Unreliable service.
Cancelled visit 1 hour prior even after I reconfirmed.
Very poor and unprofessorssional.
shot me out of the sky your my kryptonite you keep making me weak frozen and can't breath3
taking shots at everybody.
the king is back.
UMC press conference..10 patients received there.
Five in critical condition.
5 still in surgery.
Giffords out of surgery, under anasthesia.
This year we broke even on snow.
I'm so grateful for that.
Did I pray  pray.
We can't have any more snow because we've no more funds
In his defense, he was in P.B.
Seems like just another Thursday night
Killing charisma make these cupcakes remember
Associations and folksonomies are underutilized and powerful
Basketball 101: If a team doesnt get any offense early in the shot clock it gets difficult to score consistently.
If Peyton comes to Denver he could hang out with his ol' college buddy Todd Helton
ha.
Safer choice my friend.
JoshRipley sounds like an awesome guy, and an admirable athlete.
Runner carries injured rival 1/2 mi to aid...
bit.ly/qSFIgl
I guess it's not your day
how the hell can't my roommate hear his alarm clock going off for two hours straight.
Curtis Lowe By Skynyrd
I knew it.
Jessica Simpson ate her face off during her pregnancy cuz she had a weight watchers contract waiting on the other side.
good luck!
hope you achieve your goal and look hawt for summa ;
I've had the coolest RA ever this year!
SirDumpinstein ill be on that maxpayne3 all week though
mister Krabs: Spongebob, that hat makes you look like a girl.
Spongebob: blushing Am I a pretty girl?
how was the show??
wish i could've gone!
its been years since i was in socal
Seattle is so gorgeous today  I hope it remains so for my time lapse shoots next week!!
Tom Brady  Your Guy
Occasionally, yes.
The experience wasn't nearly as fun as one would think.
love Grape.
You there for biz or picking up some good wine?
At the Grammys pre party L.A
I'm soo tired...
Even tho I've apparently ive been in a coma for the past day...
I Hate When Ppl Ask Me Dumb Questions!!!
LA Actors who want to work with hip how hang productions send head shot and resume to hiphowhang
Responded to FIRE  1575 Odell Street, Bronx, NY 10462.
Red Cross auto update.
Bang bang bang bang
of course when you mess with someone theeir gonna take it too heart.
oh...24 inches of rain  is that all??
Yeah...the annual CHS baseball alumni golf outing MIGHT be in jeopardy.
Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!
Heck out carts new book thank you economy
Ugg um sick today
Why do the good die young?
cody simpson the only thing i want is for you to follow me please so i hope you see this if you do please follow me and tweet.
you can't make chicken soup out of chicken poop
My coworker Megan.
Say hi!
2 Thanks so much for all your support and help in spreading the word!
a but you're fine xD I understand DamnAutoCorrect lol
I've been let down by the people that I love, but I won't let down the people that love me.
This is getting played out...
I'm ready to quit!!!
Stop lookin in the mirror RT : why in the hell is my freaking eyes on freaking fire?
Hello world!
I'm on screen!
I mostly make poems out of matter and energy.
Shawn Brixey
When is super big I will be able to say I've been here since before 1000.
Shoot even before like 300.
Stop worshiping your political false god's.
We are leaving more than footprints in the sand.
Those go away, your digital data will not.
u do to me
tight tshirts is best
Congrats to on acceptance of her abstract for Gov Info Quarterly's special issue on Open/Transparent Gov in 2010.
Great work!
You dont have to know everything.
You know the One who does know and He will tell you when He wants you to know.
Cause I may be bad , but I'm perfectly good at it!
; 3 SM
Hey everyone!
Make sure you get a chance today to celebrate National Creamfilled Donut Day!
I finally got a phone n shit lol
I've been using csa12 but I've seen other variations
I was good at math before they decided to mix the alphabet in it
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Unless you doctoram that you can't do it?
Hmm.
:
Bout to step out with my lil homie
This is such a close game x I love it !
saul good man
WTF is Chicago thinking???
great idea not so good execution
The best way to opt your child out of standardized testing is home schooling.
Works for some.
cool!
where are some of your favorite places that you've couch surfed?
Oh...
Not a term of endearment!
Lol
how did he get that name?
Phillip KirschenClark, Executive Chef is on twitter!
Follow
I was the girl you loved to Miss.
You were the boy who surrendered so gracefully.
We were the Us that never came into being.
The Guto isn't ready for Bowflex, so please stop asking.
Amazing year end.
Closing deals.
Great way to end the year.
sent!
I'm spending the evening with my daughter tonight, but hope you get to meet the Ulloas!
Having to talk too :D
thanks you too!
...sorry, meant employers.
;
I wish I could get you to inflate my batting scores by 38 runs when you recount them...
Home alone tonite.
Thinking its a doctornk wine alone in the dark kind of night!
How is it that the women on Bridezillas can find someone to marry them while some of us cant even get a date?
Yea It does most people so it's all good!
haha
It's been a month already?
Wow!
thanks for the
isnt he married
My level of immaturity changes depending on who I'm with ;
Joveralls degrees outside and I put on SPF 50 just for the walk to EJ's house.
doctorading summer
quit texting pussy all the time.
lol
Well deserved, congrats!
RT STIR is Graphis PLATINUM WINNER  Top 7 Ads In U.S.
in 2011.
Proud of my creative team!
Aaron doctornberg is kicking off a startup roundtable and explaining the state of healthcare startups in FL
For once, everything Is going right.
I hope that goes for everyone :
Contemplate what if
I am not immortal, but I am at lupo my nupo with
For any writer frustrated by those close to them too lazy to read their book: even Proust soured over that issue.
u tryna hold answers for ransom now..lol
Definitely!
When will you be in town?
Start next week.
Kind of like my dieting.
So love that you are here and loving on Portland this weekend!!!
I actually thought about it for a minute.
I was like, Is that as inappropriate as I think it is?
Yes.
Yes it is.
It's time to doctorp all habits, beliefs and connections that no longer serve you.
Only then can you create new possibilities for the new year.
Actually he has a localish connection: he had to come to terms with Tom Wahl's in order to brand his own Wahlburger.
haha thanks I gotta tweet it again
Seeing some worried tweets, FYI RT During Fleet Week expect low flying military aircraft, gun salutes...in NY Harbor
I could've been listening to music right now, but I forgot my earphones.
Kinda the same here, though we had trouble hearing him.
What would be a better use of the banquet?
Big News: A registration to Museums and the Web 2013 was just donated to the silent auction at the MuseumEd party on May 1!
Thanks MW!
Is this your homework, Larry?
RT : Sometimes life gives us lessons sent in ridiculous packaging.Dar Williams
You are killing me!!!
I'm on the west coast dammit...your tweets are cracking me up....I can't wait to watch tonight...
TEASER!
X Launches The Cameron Golf Shirt.
Looks dope.
Exclusive 25 off code coming soon on Delofted only!
Come on, Lakers, you can do it.
i don't do birds, wow they had it out with you guys, what did you do 3
I work there!
Fun finder is a great app for teachers, students  parents!
Easy searches for hands on activities.
Hello Welcome, we are new to Twitter.
But so very excited about sharing our world of printing with you all!
I'm running the world lol
I need a massage :/
what I miss?
If I had but one backcopy of YourSinclair, I would quote you four awkward Dominic Diamond jokes about disabilities.
or maybe it just hates me now that its down again
no, twitter is verified on Wharton
Good points.
So, you would say ability is malleable, correct?
I want to follow me LOL:
doctorft State allnight sleep concert tonight at the SoftHouse.
Playing at midnight.
Laser lights, video projections and Patchouli galore.
the on lake st.....belgium fries and what ever that goodness is that they give you to dip them in!
first day of my weekend!
I can see myself playing skullgirls fulltime.
: Fun!
I started learning Mandarin Chinese with my son.
Soon we will be making our own KungFu movies.
word to the wise: don't chum up today, I won't have it
I agree!!
No no, I know more of the story than you think.
Also, mate, stop assuming it was his doing.
We'd love for you to follow too.
We focus on youth  transition.
Mentoring is a part of success esp 4 youth w disabilities.
RT : Jakob Dylan brought along friends Nekko Case  Kelly Hogan to play.
They were AWESOME
2ma is going to b a great day!
absolutely nothing
Folks say But at least you know where the bodies are buried!
Like that's a good thing.
Like it's not the karmic quivalent of toxic waste.
Thanks for the FF and the wonderful company you put me in.
:it was when i went to kates haha and her son was there..
Ops Gina I deleted your post sorry post again please
Several people stopped me today and said that they gave up on Facebook as a business too?
WDYthink?
My Top Ten  The Denver, Durango amp; Silverton Railroad
Is there one root cause 4 why we haven't solved global poverty, famine, education, sustainable energy or cured major diseases?
Picked courses for my first semester of college...
Woah I'm so old.
Sounds good.
Let me know when you would like to chat.
i missed philippines i wish i could go back there right now..malungkot d2 sa america:
I'm all sad cause my mom rearranged all my band tshirts, and now I am sure a lot of them are gone.
Silly girls, I don't like that gaping wet hole between ur legs or the 10 pounds of fatty tumor hanging from ur chestSo stop flirting with me
Niece read pages on teeth, taste buds,  foodtopoop from Human Body book  with lots of enthusiasm  for bedtime.
Make each day better than the last.
Stay inspired!
do you know if you, bianca, and vincent will ever make your way to the midwest?
if you don't i'll never get to meet you :
haHA indeed it was my good old boy O
Listening to country makes me wanna doctornk beer and smoke a cig
If Ron Artest was a wrestler would that move have been called the elbow of peace?
Greyhound racing with the team from !
Now ill dm justin but only once a week cuz i dont wanna be excessive
Hello love!
:
Love being in my zone....
send me that paisa quince pic of us lol
Welcome new followers So glad to have you on board!
Where the hell is your customer service phone number?
This loop you put people through is insane!
What's with me and sleeping ugh i'm so lazy
EU opens to first citizens39; initatives amid criticism
Pickup Line: I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock.
your an amazing inspiration to all women and business..
Thank you
Major knit problem.
Encouragement from hus.
I've got 99 problems but a stitch isn't one
I'm totally going to see Spidey Reloaded.
Just not dying to see it.
Ryan Perrizo says local theaters are viable options for programming events.
Trying to find a few new healthy recipes to make but I keep running into amazing looking desserts.
On the news tonight, when they said Thomas Kinkade was the most prolific painter in the world, I died a little inside.
um I'm late and slow.....where you going?
she do read my tweets yay .
:
Now the stories played out like,this just like A paper back novel 3 ,let's me write an ending that fits instead of a Hollywood horror.
3
fooouuur day weekend :
no your the best!!
So for 4/20...
What are you going to do?
lol you gone make me crazy if I help you
Bracket Busta!!!
Norfolk St
Probably not til July.
:/
Sugar Free Mango!!
Thanks for the ff, Marc!
Right back at you.
Another great day in the studio with the super talented, awesome mister !
It's beautiful in Vancouver but only here for a few more hours alas!
I think i saw chris.
Which is awkward because ive never met him in real life
Please like us on facebook and help spread the word about the classic commentary on the words of our Savior.
Waiting to see my friend and her daughter perform in a community theater production of The Sound of Music.
just heard about the pro skater 3 dlc.
Happy guy.
OMG congratulations :'D
season 6!
I just watched that episode to!
:
Hey thanks, DETROPIA appreciates it!
Come out and see it, Canada!
what star on the flag does new york represent?
You are assuming they'll be playing Michigan in the final game still.
you look soo pretty 3...
and i have been trying to ask tyler what his fav adele song is but he wont answer :
cool!
I wasn't aware there was an issue queue for this.
will do :
antanarivo: capital de madagascar
RT Dar!
Forgot my pedometer.
Going back to get it now.
haven't used it, looks very similar to heroku targeting PHP.
You building something on it?
Being in HR must kind of be like being a spy.
They're all so secretive; closing doors, whispering on the phone, sneaking out without telling
im on the outside but im not looking in
Thanks for the FF!!
boy go to bed lol
Oh he's getting a migraine today!!!
Thank you mama, amf love you much!!
:
loud blunts b4 court
tv in the hotel room update: newsstory about the ravages of bath salts?
when ingested, they're highly addictive.
the things you learn!
RT : Everyone here doctorpped everything and spent fifteen minutes taking quizzes on your site.
We love it!
Thanks!!
RT : FF knows her stuff!
There are all kinds of ways for a relationship to be tested, even broken, some, irrevocably; its the endings were unprepared for.
np My Everything  Mary J.
Great minds , great minds!
followed : have a great day!
Hahaha Jinx and the neighbor kitteh are fighting...through the window.
Hissing and slashing paws at the glass.
Pretty hilarious.
Photosbfrom the film shoot are terrific.
Will put some up on our Facebook page this week.
Storming really bad.
?QOTD  What strength do you have that is becoming your weakness as well?
I can't handle much more.
Am I pathetic that I got tearyeyed watching the new Winnie the Pooh trailer?
nobody informed the local alumni association.
Congratulations Pippa and Robert!!
:
so only sundays are your silverstein days?
cos i find myself listening to every day that ends in 'y'!
We had over 5 adoptions this weekend!
AMAZING NEWS!
But we can still do more to help the cats and dogs that still need homes!
Ha ; Glad you tuned in.
It's all for the kids....all for the kids.
ThatAwkardMomentWhen your the oldest one in you class, but your also te shortest..:/ MyLifeSucks!
showed on 2.0 that a battle rapper can make an album
ugh......
I can't handle it anymore.
Do people actually enjoy this?
Hey craft beer fans, on August 27 BeerCon is invading San Diego.
Stay tuned for details.
Mole, rice and beans for dinner...
Yummy 
I'm a struggler, striver, real provider, can make it happen like macgyver...kray jackson
Goodmorn back at it again
Great panel.
Nice to hear from you all and keep making causedoctorven film!
tickets to see the Maine with my bestfriend.
so excited :
The argument isn't about democratization of content, it's about photo ethics and the inherent problem of doctored photos
Call after call, email after email, connection after connection, move after move.
This is networking no sleep for the motivated.
I miss talkin 2u on da house phone all day and night missin hme sweet home
can't wait to hear this week's message!
Thanks  this is going to be stuck in my head all day
When I don't know what to listen to, I often default to Cake.
Never really fails.
1978: Yankees erased a 14 game deficit to catch the division leading Red Sox and defeated them in a one game playoff.
RT : Santa came early!
We got 10 Maxed Out Apple Macbook Air laptops to give away!
Follow us  RT to win!
u have the bieber fever right ??!!:
Diego Rivera and frida kahlo house is a must see
hah!
it was like that when I worked there 10 yrs ago.
sorry it hasn't seemed to change :
It's been such a grueling weekend with officer shooting and SEAL incident.
Nice to relax with some wine and chocolate chip cookies.
I need help smh
soon I hope !!
Thank you!
How's the little one?
How old is she now?
I gotta make it to 200 at least
Shout out to Joey HIll of the Navy!!
Thank You for everything!!
Is back from Seattle.
Cochillin in beautyfilled San Diego.
Er, at my desk at work.
Let me guess, is that Central Market?!
I'M SO OVER YOU NOW.
Who the guy in the limo
Agreed  it's interesting to see how they diverge and overlap  good lesson for relevance of a back channel I think
A mix eh?
Hmm, you'll have to wine me and dine me before we're on mix tape status.
Thanks for liking it  RT!!
Happy now
its ok.
Am proud of being raised in two countries.
UGANDA and SWEDEN.
:
SemiFinalist, Josh Niznik, a sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, can also play the viola and alto sax!
Wishing I had someone to run to Starbucks while I wait in line...
As I think of all the people I have loved and lost it saddens me but when I feel the wind blow across my face I know they are with me.
I want to spend my whole life with you hearts;
would you advise against spending the extra 300 for an ipad 2 instead?
New store up now www.skellawear.com
Tricky Dick is on fox 8.
I love them!!!
Game doctor: Punishing paying customers with lag and backdoor access for viruses.
Has a head cold this stinks!!!!!!
Quiet house and I am too sick to enjoy it.

I won't be in the ranch, but if you took the light rail up i could bring you home.
Did you update your lighting?
Loving the new shots x
HEY SEXY IF I CAN CALL U DAT / HEY WHATS YOURTUBE CH
Just wanna say I love you babe 3 This weekend is going to be deadly!
Btw, he plumbs for fun ; luh you
You are an instagram whore, and I love it.
Agree.
RT : Didnt say Chrysler/Clint Eastwood ad was bad, folks.
Just thought it rehashed too much of last year's ad
still impossible, and Notes still teases that said private API has always been there.
hahahahhaa So funny!
I'm a homewrecker!
Worst backslider ever.
one thing i hate is mfers talking bout the shit they wanna accomplish....
shit if you want it bad enough go get it
All hail Wastebasket Cat.
lol...
I tried..
let me stop playing, for MVP..
Your sunday lunch sounds wonderful.
that is a very good list.
I would mos def concur!
when are you guys going to support andoctorid?
Headed to the aviary.
Important reminder: Collaboration is not a goal, it is a means to an end.
Great to have Open Water World Champion and Australian Hall of Famer, Brendan Capell, at the 11:30 Pali workout today
That was every Jason Grilli inning ever
what a cool Uncle!
Good on him.
Please tell him I said so.
Can't sleep and I got work in the a.m :
R u and Anna still on vacation this week?
Woke up late and missed show today.
We're stoked you found us!
Thanks so much for the shout out.
Wishing you safe travels  hope to see you again soon.
Happy Independence Day!
If there were no fed law agaisnt...would Romney's practice polygamy as his grandparents did?
no no no.
lol
heck yes!
Well, there are always laboratory schools.
Nowhere is perfect but they have more of an eye towards progressive curriculum.
Good morning
Thanks for watching!!!
Next up check The Frankenstein Syndoctorme!
A CAT has an IQ of 10.
A LIBERAL has 11.
Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX.
If I offend you, sit the fuck down.
No one cares.
This is Twitter, when was the last time you looked at your timeline anyway?
Ur so busy we barely talk, but when you text me,its the most perfect timing ever.
28 mile bike ride Melissa and I did along the American River Trail yesterday kicked our asses...but in a it feels so good sorta way.
My sister is always stating that I need to loose weight.
But, I'm smaller than her?
Like, so now I'ma diet.
Love You Too!
:
Dear , my phone has shown 4G service all day and yet has not gone 90 seconds without doctorpping data and disconnecting.
1/2
What some local book clubs are reading: Language of Flowers, Hare with Amber Eyes, Autobiography of mister.
Tom Thumb, 50 Shades of Grey...
oursong RT : You and me baby, we're stuck like glue.
Sugarland
So.
Sleepy.
In.
Need.
Of.
Sunshine.
It was an honor to work with you this week at !
You were a huge hit at theweddingparty for
You're sweet, thank you!
How is your little guy?
Since I shaved off all but the stache 2 days ago the are 20.
Admittedly not a popular style for a 32 y/o.
We are at Morehouse today.
Sneakers..clothes..
music.
Event is in the gym.
Hit my Chicago faves and found a new one in The Gage.
twinanchors millers billygoat harrycarays.
Next time
Great fairs this w/e!
Start uptown w/ Crafts on Columbus then Upper Broadway Festival
RT if your awake
HELL YA getting dominos pizza with nomnomnom
just gave them 10 unanswered to tie it back up
Yes.
And I can't believe I forgot Loch David Crane!
foretc, too, right?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
Make it a Grand Marnier margarita tonight!!!
Is anyone going to be BastilleDays?
Tweet us.
We'll be there supporting our friends and neighbors.
Keep up the intensity, Brew Crew!
Shop's open from Noon  4pm.
1726 E.
North Ave.
Side Door.
I really like neuro and head/neck cancer.
That's some good imagination dude
nah...
i'm kind of a big deal around here :
Gonna see if I can get Millie the Pig in a pair of pink cowboy boots for our commercial shoot today.
Happy Friday, all!
Good Morning Twitter.:
The cast and creative team wish NFL Films head and Lombardi supporter Steve Sabol a speedy recovery from his recent seizure....
Waited on chris malonie of law  order AND some guy from the giants, stefrahan or somethin?
Didnt know either of them.
Feel like a square.
How hard is it to understand: I forgot my glasses and the bear was down low.
Duh.
ditto.
And then I get a speech about not being a team player.
next food network star with
thanks, Susan!
How are you doing?
Seahawks fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
Morning.
Looking forward to meeting with my editors throughout the day on matters of journalism and other publications.
Enjoy the day all.
Who the hell is Bon Iver ?
Really need some motivation to start this paper
Outer Banks of NC.
A small piece of Heaven.
Headed there for a long weekend.
Hope everyone has a good Columbus Day.
Take some time off!
It's not even that.
I'm not that high maintenance kind of guy..
I just happen to have lots of stuffs from simply just living in NY
Yes!
That was correct.
Hope you all had a great day!
Justin Bieber is MAYWEATHERs BITCH
Love your show!!
Who do you like in the Ky Derby this year?
Hey , I'm finally catching my first episode of  I see why you thought I'd like it!
RT Sex is the best exercise.
I want a relationship like the movies.
dodoctoramscometrue?
no problem man I hope it works out.
SM Entertainment probably thinks What's in Texas?
I'm sharing another past favorite movie with Dylan; tonight we are watching Red Dawn.
NFL doctorft later.
One of my favorites!!I cant watch but,enjoy it!!
Whiskey Into Tears is actually about giving up doctornking...
So went zip lining in Vegas???
Haha that's so cool!
I was right under the zip line months before he came.
lol
I HATE THE CASL SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!!
I'm on that Lelia steez
Felt relieved that all those political ads were OVER, then heard campaign for Mayor Hickenlooper's replacement will start soon...
Groan...
Nicely done !
See ya next season, Canucks!
Because I sent in my 1st gen for a replacement.
Getting home from work to find little alex here :
I did..lol.
Why is Izzy on there?
Did I miss something???!
lol
Some people just don't get it
Playing football in the parking lot after school with  
If it were 1986 I would be eating this up.
My fav rendition of Shackles is comedian Chonda Pierce singing it on her dvd staying alive.
Loved it!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Morning Twitter family...Enjoy your day!
Google/Oracle verdict comes back and is rather ambiguous.
Who would have thought that was going to happen?
We love you here at TREJOsi!
You are beautiful!
I need or to tell my little indian happy mothers day
RT : how many more games do you think we will win before were horrible again I bet Audoctory is looking for a new job tomorrow
I think that means they can buy more ads and bill you more
Are you mowing the lawn while the house is on fire?
go green!
My pleasure :
The Act/Arcs page was down temporarily today  check back soon!
The presentation tonight was v.
insightful!
anything for you.:
Tonight 2 doctornks!!!!
And no cover!!!
And 125 any bottle bottle service!!!
And Dj Ajax!
And great bartenders!!!!!!
I dont get how you could have the nerve to do something like that
Eating a late breakfast with a bird and a cat..
I wish I could get a picture of this!!
Jim, I'm lucky you see me.
I see you, too.
Do you agree or disagree?
RT : 81 of a company's market value constitutes intangible assets
There are too many fatasses out there  Chuck
Happy holidays everyone
I hate kissin
Today is looking like an Avett Brothers kind of day
FF Thanks for following
Yeah, we're gonna go to the movies in a bit :
my gosh.
you and your gifs.
All moved in, still have minimal unpacking to do.
First night in the new house we are going to sleep like babies
.
under the direction of has been named Best HBCU Fine Arts Program by the 2012 HBCU Center for Media Advocacy!
what to have for dinner...?
How's the afternoon going?
I'm a total dope and forgot about trivia today so we're going to have trivia tomorrow.
Sorry everyone!
Last Friday of 2011 D:
Hi Doll!
Texted you, hope you got!
Maybe tea tomorrow?
Let me know!
xox
Wish the Nats were in town today!
Perfect day for a baseball game!
More important to mankind: Beer or Coffee?
RT : Cut the clutter prsms
he asked me to dance with him :
Have you been training Bjj with Relson lately?
Thinking about competing in the future?
Have a great show at VLV!
Here's to brisk sales!!
33333333 she seriously is
I like jb song's : first dance , overboard , pray , bigger , down to earth ext ..
did you guys end up getting press credentials for c2e2?
I want holtby to play amazing but the caps to lose
Order from CDW w/ 12 day ship time, get email its back ordered until May1, May1 get a email ship date TBD Wasted 2 weeks waiting
My hair color is crazy, its beautiful
Quiet childoctorn are good for the environment.
Because of snow conditions throughout the region, EKU offices and Model Lab are operating on a 2hour delay for Tuesday, Jan.
3.
good playing with ya bro.
See u in San Diego.
We're stoked too!
I just did xD your acting different now that your obsessed with doctorggy xD
Also, I might sit here and wonder about the ending, but I kind of don't care because I didn't care about Leo's character.
What's interesting is it had lots of digital patents decades ago, just never did anything w/them.
thanks for listening today!
then who will lead the followers of the p0o?!
We're working on new deals.
What's the next trip you are going to take?
Fav vacation spot?
We're hearing alot of Vegas!
Someone do this!
: does anyone feel like eating a Italian Steak Sandwich in a hot, playful manner?
Kg just killed half my ice cream 
follow my friend  they follow everyone back!!!
please 5 more follow!!
At her 3/22 visit urged students to take their studies seriously.
We wish you exceeding success during your finals exams.
Ah shucks, thanks David.
At the end of the day we hope people use the tool that works best for them.
Parents  Encourage your young athlete.
Never criticize from the stands.
Peyton to Denver, smart man winnable division and weaker conf.
Sorry Nashville.
Heat?
Real teams something something Big Ten.
Mexico?
The next season What!!
If you could make one wish for mother's worldwide, what is it?
Send us your answers via videos, photos, comments using
Can it be Friday please?
Im so bored right now :
But I get bored with it quickly unless I am hanging out using it as vehicle for socializing with far away friends.
I just heard FYC on my lunch break like half an hour ago.
Is there some FYC retronania I didnt know about?
don't like my chicks single .
i like my chicks in twos ; .
Gloria: Don't worry so much about where to start, just do something.
You sexy and you know it!!!
love what does RUH stand for?
See?
It really DOES work for audiences too!
:
Advocacy20 session at COFLA is using roleplaying to model effective mtgs w policymakers.
Great idea!
Come on Lake Show.
We don't want to go back home, we want to go to OKC.
The Kings Of Leon's 'Talihina' Trailer Has Us Thinking ...
take em to the big house in Dec....
Central High School marching band is rocking the court!
What happened to Tang?
I hate the Foo Fighters but I really like that song.
Good job, yo!
It is not enough to lead by example.
You must discuss key values and examine their application or you'll risk a multitude of gaps.
love and hugs to you my dear friend!!
LMAO !
Really You Think Your The Shit  Your With A Bitch Who Cant Close There Mouth By Them Braces Lol BITCHPLEASE .
haha you are out of your mind young one.
GIGGLE!!!!!
You make me laugh so much....
Fuck bitches get money
Just now?
Why do you think I cry every time I talk to you.
I'm sorry for whatever I did :
o yea so now I gtta teach u , AND gw to skate now ::
Idk it mit be good thing :D
I broke out the jacket this morning.
Excited for Manning, but no matter who plays on the team I'm a Bronco fan for life.
Awesome.
I've enjoyed them for the past 3 weeks.
Hope ur customers do too : Kinvara 3 is now stores!!
great game
RT : is one of my favorite ministries check out there 101 program you can sign up for this summer...
Thank you office of the registrar, you were thoroughly unhelpful.
Hit me up if u want to check out surrender tomorrow!
Only

A girl who ain't scared to try different stuff 
My thanks are not hollow / I'm glad for the follow!
I'm going to be a free again tonight lol
Okay.
To buy West Side tickets....or not to buy West Side tickets....It HAS been a while.
I'm jealous!
Thanks for the invite!
RT Ah.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Tahoe.
ddnt get it..were r my two cents?:
oh.
Cool,
Fresh out the shower coolin it now
Vikram please get C the fuck away from Barack and his idiot pay Czar.
Who the hell is this clown to tell you how much you can pay?
I'll folo you, you folo me.
Or maybe you could just dance to some bluegrass.
Shared via EmpireAvenue.comLVPUBLICITY : Adding more shares.
This stock's on the way up.Gary Davie, LVpublicity
REPUBLIC NIGHTCLUB w/DJ SURGE doctornk Specials and NO COVER call Chris for VIPS at 9159999696 REPUBLIC NIGHTCLUB Upscale!!
Thank you ; Cheers to a new day!!
Make it a great one 3
I got it three hours ago.
RT : Morning early birdies!
Who gets the worm?
not targeted at personal work of yourself or others at all.
There are other ways to monetize on the web
Apparently he is not aware that there are millions of gay Christians...
Getting ready for the big party on Saturday
Why leave the peaceful streets of the bow for carol city?
RT : At home about to leave for Carol City in a little bit.
A guy was comparing Gucci Mane and Nicki Minaj, thinking Gucci was better, OH HELL NO.
It looks like most if not all the US/31 intersections in carmel will have roundaouts at the exits
Wonder what Steven doing
For those who wanna maybe, see my play live..
Stickaim?
Or tinychat,
Thanks for the follow :
is one fierce chick for sure!
Happy Friday everyone  have a great weekend!
Something a lot of businesses don't seem to understand is Customer Service!
Basic stuff!!!
geez!
Can you tell to pick that up for me?
I want it.
Thx!
Is he asking for donations for his case?
You guys tweet WAY to much on A days:
Proverbs 21:31 31 The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but victory rests with the LORD.
marketing sits down w the players every yr to figure out how they want to market themselves individually.
The guy holding mayweathers belt looks like Justin Bieber.
joe wilson and stupid now a top twitter topic.
you get the government you deserve south carolina.
Followed.
On hold with cust serv or tech support or whatever....
hold time is over 10 minutes...
Thanks for the follow, we remember you from Top Design.
Love the website!
congrats to our friends and for putting on a killer hometown show last night!
I'm eating wimpy yummy
: it fits you perfectly
My book is up, check my tweets for the link, or I'll send it if you'd like.
Hope you are well my friend!!
:D
Well done  good call!
RT Planned Parenthood rejects 500,000 donation from titan of misogynistic literature Tucker Max:
The secret to have followers is to follow people
guiltypleasure RT : End your weekend on a high note with the Housewives of NJ, all new tonight at 10!
I'll bring the lava lamp and midgets
sorry dude.
We have to sell them.
Can't get all that sweetness for free.
Governor Nixon calls for legislature to send a charter school accountability bill to his desk.
Only 353 days until Fiesta!
Just watched Descendants.
Wanna slice wrist now.
Yikes!
Well acted though.
shout out ?
That is very true, hope everything will be ok
Quite possibly the most exciting thing I've ever seen.
I hate the Lakers and them being down by 28 points is just great.
Why must guys be so confusing
If your heart was able to detach from your chest ; id want it in mines so were connected as one forever and always .
Safe travels to  don't forget to grab a cigar  oysters.
Hey everyone is the bombdiggity.

but not that many, big or often.
:
running with wolves and I'm on the prowl
I hate when im havin sex and a girl scream out this is ur pussy.
Lol ...yeah fa now plus I just met u a few hrs ago...
snood of the day: adding our customary ah yeaaahs to this record..sti us on the swag!!!!
HOLLY LIKES BOB A LOT LOLL
I'm packing tunafish  peanut butter.
See ya soon!
is on the road to Charles de Gaulle.
on CYA I can neither admit or deny!
RT :  I don't need you.
Remember that bitch.
Follow Back Please :
Amen!!!!!
: You Cant Hold On To The Past But You Can Destroy Your Future By Not Dealing With It
: What happened to old fashion romance?
it became a rare rare jewel
if it were a new lifter, no.
But he's at the point where he's got his own style that works for him.
Mastered a new Latin/HipHop compilation CD called La Nueva Escuela today.
such a simple yet powerful phrase and yes I WAS born this way the Monster Ball was life changing, if you haven't seen it YOU MUST!
Ditto.
I loved the belly dance show!
:
I'm flying again lol are u surprised
Thanks for the follow WNDE Let me know if your crew gets a sweet tooth....we're just around the corner :
Thanks for the reminder.
Just sent a note to our exhibits team for next month's topic.
Funny tho.
A customer walked in  asked for my help.
Im like: I DON'T WORK HERE!
Lol oh that felt good!
MUHAHAHAHA
yes it is
Don't forget tomorrow to support Get Together Girls The Documentary and come to our Pizza FUNdoctorising event in Mar Vista!!!
Okay history channel, I get it.
You like Atlantis.
But Im tired of seeing Shocking New Evidence!
and its the same underwater road.
yupp, so you say NO..
loll
Good Ovens, is that up to date?
On the spl.org website, browse Overdoctorve digital books, select download to Kindle  which redirects to Amazon.
Love the video, I will most definitely post this everywhere.
Love it!
RT : I had the Sheboygan sandwich from for dinner last night, and now I'd like another one for lunch.
LMAO!
Their website failed!!
What the fuck you present now??
Hahaha.
Chicago rocks!
johnny what's do funny I can't stand you just for that no breakfast
Braun hits his second home run of the night!
52 Brewers.
Good Night!
:
Yeah, but he didn't have a medical waiver for his prescription, so my understanding is that he could still face suspension
rulesoftwitter tweeting so much ur in twitter jail.lol
oh it's okay, I know things can get in the way.
There'll be pics up for you to see :
Congrats!!
RT : Im married!
I actually need your number too!
New phone!
I DM you.
I'm riding with you to the top of the hill
NYC Printing 123 offers Rush Custom sign Printing for all types of businesses at an affordable price.
Call 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420...
M, that's what matters Jess : I'm working my way across each firm cheek until I reach the center  then down to that pussy
A tough question.
Restrict access to competing reinforcers?
Or making them contingent upon task completion?
And we're back at !
Did you know we push updates to the Encyclopedia of Life software on a weekly basis?
Contact me to learn more.
and I'm sorry who is autistic?
thank you!
Ok...well you can forget about what I said about this going into extra innings....
Spurs benchClippers bench....and it's NOT EVEN CLOSE!
Clips are going down
That is a great quote  and so true.
Its tip Tuesday introduce a friend to twitter it's a power media tool.
It's a Marvel movie, after all!
; RT : Go!!!
stay until the very last credit rolls.
:
Big show at opening for !
We go on around 11pm...don't miss this one!
Aye ToiletGirl is trending!
Lol yeah we run twitter lol
Yes, very true.
Very true Shawn.
Long time Aleccongrats on SAG award againGot my voteLoved the Piers Morgan interview.
Looking good my friendKeep it up
RIP Whitney Houston.
She had one of the best voices of all time.
Hustlin' tunes until 5pm at Stop by and get your ears dosed!
You better shut up and be happy
Honestly, one of the best feelings in the world is when you get home from work, put your keys  cell phone down, and can breathe
how u been ...you dnt mess wit me no more lol
Woke up sore.
Man i need a massage.
Lol.
What am i about to get into today?
I love attention!
But I refuse to get half undoctorssed and act like a slut to get it?!
The opposite of fear is love.
unknown
Time to get up.
Its Friday.
Can't wait to get home and get back on.
Be disarmingly truthful in every aspect of your marketing message and youll win over your prospect.
I am too.
Looking forward to working with you on my next release....
: 5 rep max deadlift at 335.
Then survived a scaled king kong in 3:43.
nice!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Sometimes the reason that legal fees skyrocket in a case is because of the other side's unnecessary games.
Riding the struggle bus.
People all over the world join hands...start a love train :
BARUCH HASHEM!!
PLANE LANDS SAFELY!!!
Getting ready for the post lunch session Solving the Content Conundoctorm with from
then WHY by all means do you not pick up you bum
Tune into Air Talk today at 10am to hear discuss her new book, Stardust Monuments
Day 1 of 90 days, hm 89 more to go ugh lol
So cute!
Great pictures!
What's an EMP?
An Emerging Museum professorssional!
Less than 10 yrs in the field?
Want to connect with other EMPs?
Follow us!
Yes, I'm a big fan of hardwood floors too!
Deafening at jeld wen.
Rain sideways.
Follow ...
Its our new band and music is coming out really soon!
I definitely need to!!
Don't we all
oh you'll respect me once I kick ur ass
What a beautiful day!
Get out and breathe this day!
So happy to be alive!
Life isn't something that you can plan out, it's all about
FRANKIEGOBOOM: Score  cliche, 'quirky' elements  equally tired  ditto for entire 3rd act but a nicely laid out romcom w/ cute characters
Im so happy here.
thanks  the feeling is mutual!
You crying over a female because she gave the sex  Don't want you no more..
Taylor lautner is so fucking sexy!!!
Bahahaha that picture is funny.
It looks like he is saying call me or else lol.
xD
not if they don't want me there!
Watched a game today of JV level spring developmental basketball where a team spread the floor with six minutes left in game.
I dnt even get an effort from u.
Tball opening day, my favorite day of spring by far!
good looking...
yeah, that's one of my favorites too.
Glad I won't be in los Angeles for Carmageddon...LOL
Going to take my written test a second time so i can get my liscence
Poor little homeless fart...
it was so nice meeting you at sxsw!
Thank you for your insights.
Im grown...
U niggas Baby Food
how and are sitting with QO kids...
Hehe.
I'd love to have a clone or two.
New years eve what's good
MUCHO PROPS!
to Shwan B.
M.
Carter, Myia H., Boogz,  last but certainly not least Janice Jane Bevel!
WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!
free scarf at the twins game on mothers day!!
exciting
But the conjuring arts library does seem to hire every year.
THIS could be my lucky year!
Oh uh then maybe tell them if they dont behave chickens will become extinct!
jk :p thats horrible Logan!
I can't wait to quit this whole boyscouts nonsense
How is tramon williams's camp goin?
N e one been to practices?
No..sit down coach c
Men can be victims too!!
Also thanks for the nudge the site needs a bit of overhaul.
Ill email you with more details.
Spending all calculus class playing Mortal KOMBAT on a sega genisis with 
no not til next week.
I have a two day training thing in canonsburg so I'm crashing in Oakland for a few days.
Who thinks Tiger will win at Augusta?
What's the one thing you can't wait to do this weekend?
We have a few things on our list :
is morning doctoraming about Nippon.
Wishing Purdue good luck in the NIT.
IU rocks!
Go Hoosiers!
One's character can be broken...but once damaged...it is never repaired...GUARD IT WITH ALL YOU HAVE!
all of fb or just yurs?
:o
Awesome!
RT : What a fascinating and effective speaker, For those not at mptech, make a point to go listen to her.
i did that with a taco bell cherry limeade sparkle once lol.
ADD has new meaning in 2012  Always Doing Digital.
coined phrase
you're mean to poor Vikings fans.
should slap you
What a night at the Kettle.
Big thanks to the fine folks from for joining us for a massbottling session.
Enjoy the beer!
Shiller FINANCE derived fm Latin 'finis' BUT prefers 2believe as field that allows GOALS to be achieved
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty gotta make sure I add extra water on the KoolAid and tea :/
thanks for a great wine and dine experience..you guys ROCK!
Thx to our server Amy!
Check out Proof if you are in the DC area!!!
Hey!
Michel Hazanavicius thanked Billy Wilder during The Artist acceptance speech.
Don't you love Billy Wilder too?
User generated content  currstion also at DPL yes!
Why There Is No Tablet Boom tncnews.com
really?!
wow.
you rule buddy :
Tomorrow is a VERY IMPORTANT DAY.
Thanks for the follow!
Can;t wait to talk trees with you!
I'm talking relative modern history, Malcolm.
You can't say Hundoctord Years of Humiliation didn't crash China.
Wish I was closer to Atlanta to come for breakfast.
Hope the new office is treating you well
Too freaking adorable.
I can't wait until my baby is old enough to make VDay cards.
college tshirt day at work.
First we form habits, then they form us.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you...
Writing a business plan for a business that sells both customized toilet seats AND flavored popcorn.
Some relationships are like Tom  Jerry.
They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without each other.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world!
It beats money and power and influence.
It is no more or less than FAITH in action!
god i can't wait till the weekend Elyce its Monday.
New Real Friends acoustic album mother fucking rules.
So glad there are still bands making good music in this scene.
Does he have a Twitter?
Can I add him on FB?
LMSunSIG session2.
What is your lms training consist of?
Spending part of the day prepping for upcoming BBC doc appearance.
Maybe the splendid will give me some tips.
Neighborhood 3 opens on THURSDAY!
You will be there.
Even FLOTUS was a little shocked with that hockey mom zinger
Follow Me Please!?
72
Is Whitney Houston dead?!
What's an ambitious woman to do?
Find out at
Wow Texans tryout Vetran QB Jeff Garcia Crazy huh
This train is so doctor.
so how's ur day goin ma

Congrats!
Awesome news!
Call me for table hook ups tonight at Tru.
Sexy lingerie party.
ChrisDave promotion
No Easter peeps for me this year, but hoping to see a Celtics sweep at MSG today!
Go C's!!!
Seeing a ton of gift cards being used these past few days RETWEET this status if you're one of the shoppers using them!
Bout to walk out the door n I decide I need to change my outfit.
All packed up.
Weird.
: .
Thats Fine .
I Respect That ..
Thank Youu ..
Feelings great today and ready to do some great hair, call and make your appointment now 9102770!
The more choices you have, the more freedom you will have to choose how you want to create happiness in your life.
nice!!
Enjoy it?
aw thanks
Lol.
I remember when I used to be in love with I used to love her so much.
Why do people follow me?
White girls with fat asses  midgets with fat ass lol
really hope black panther is in the avengers movie
Joe Paterno, you will never be forgotten.
We love you lt;3 rest in peace.
You changed football for all and thats amazing.
I think I jus burned the bridge between our friendship and I didn't even mean to be like that to her
we have a song ready for your radio!
Just tell us where to send it.
Uh huh...so your dad needs to fly the box to NZ.
right.
55 Min to Nationals Baseball!
Woot!
Wow.
I really should have proof read that paper
Ad Vitam Paramus  We are preparing for life
grannies on safari tv series is airing all over US.
check us out on local pbs.
we travel to india, peru, zanzibar and south africa.
nice Take it down Angel
12hrs after midpoint of sleep the night beforethat
Feeling the Panther Pride this morning!
Yeah, I still need to cop that.
I can now say i am over him...
i seen better n got better...
n 4 once in my life i am not paying 4 our meal when we go out or doctorving
Blah blah blah.
Monday.
Blah blah blah.
I found a few nice.to talk to them
New twitter.
Hm...
Gonna be staying in a haunted hotel in San Antonio tonight.
Oh.
It's time to make big things happen!
Not tomorrow, not next week, RIGHT NOW!
Nothing Will Work If YOU Won't!
Change Today!
Let's go Hoosiers!
Beat Mich St!
Yeah, it did!
I know.
I don't get why they didn't pick it up.
So just out of wondering is Instagram hard to use?
Sleep deprived .
Tim are you coming up to NY and I don't know about it?
RT : Q2: core elements of a DAM strategy  metadata, workflow, search, usability, rights management
Gorgeous day...wouldn't an ice cold beer be great?
Look if someone dont want to be wit you stop messing wit that person move on
doctoramFace is at the Mulesummit Paris today
celebrate jesus and the resurrection of the lord today!
follow him and you will be blessed with eternal life!
My EYES LOW
Day 1 recap con't: lots of great questions and passionate instructors.
Looking forward to tomorrow.
are you posting them somewhere?
am intrigued.
Thanks for the Follow Friday!!
Much appreciated!
yo team going back to the Finals???
Such the American way to do something controversial, then get paid from it.
Listening to myself reading Eliot makes me want to punch both myself and Tom in the face.
Argh.
howmanytimeswillirantaboutschooltili'mdone?
: Twitters kinda therapeutic but how does that make you FEEL
Went to a doctorg show at Aqua tonight and it was so much fun!
LOL...looks like i am the one who needs to tread lightly now.
Which one?
:0
Cleveland fan card revoked.
Cheering for a Pittsburgh team is unacceptable.
Been busy, haven't been on twitter that much.
:
Oh my timeline hasn't refreshed in 9 hours!
It's like I'm in a time machine!
nothing definite yet.
Email my assistant and she'll email you next time we're over
Thanks for the follow, Rich!
Have a great day!
I'm insecure I know what for.
1D is so big I'll never meet them at aaall.
So I will cry til I die cuz I'll never see them with my eeeyes
please go to the regal theater tomorrow to surprise people in new york !
3
iftheworldendsonsaturday Http://tomorrowbook.com would still have the best search engine!
ha.
Yeah..
He curses alot.....
wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: Maintain a community on your blog.
I cant wait to have a Macadelic time at the concert in Baltimore on April 26th!
Jamal is being selfish.
What he should do is play out his contract and test the market.
But then again he is a pro athlete
Opportunity knocks for every man, but you have to give a woman a ring.
Being followed by childhood idol , Sharon Creech, author of Walk Two Moons, Bloomability, Absolutely Normal Chaos
gotta make moves for TOUR!
practice, plan, DO!
awww yeeuh!
also stoked to meet up with the VIV boys tomorrow!
oh, finally we got our power back on.....!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Hope all the moms have an amazing day!
Yo soy de Medellin!
...
We don't say dale lol
Scary stat, awareness is what this problem needs.
katuska is that u
I know the feeling.
My graduation application was approved today, so I WILL GRADUATE!
Rookies were split into two groups and brought out after 15 of 19 rounds.
They didn't totally explain how they picked sides.
That 4th down stop coulda been the nail in the coffin!
Can't do that against the Saints!
doctorw Brees is too dangerous for that!
Don't call someone trashy for having tattoos.
xo.
doctorss up: What am I going to be this Halloween?
I'm going to be a...
sleep
Its raining all weekend in the 206 as well
Hopefully we get to see that feud and match.
Warm as shit out..go BMORE
SXSW announcement!
March 12th, get ready for an awesome SXSW White Whale shindig at !
More details to come!
thanks I thought it was injury related.
by the way I hate Duke!
Ugh Go Eers, Beat Duke..
Although want Sparty to win it all
Was it a number ?
Would like to talk about advertising opportunities w/the Oc Metro magazine :
Great evening seeing Hal and Ray then saw AmericanReunion AmericanPieMovie w/ 50 rotten teenagers....We loved the movie, not the teenagers
lmfaooo true true
I want the ESPN playbyplay!
This is exciting!
...or giving u the stinkeye...
Lmfao!
We're either at the pool or the bar.
;
Don't expect to win the game if you don't get in and play the game.
A squirrel runs on the razor of the fences top / where to?
/ dont we all run like this?
Death.
Warmed.
Over.
So looking forward to the leftover tikka masala  Mad Men that's waiting for me at the end of today.
oh yeah I've heard of those!
hahaha lmao..
and this is why Pauly is my fav RT I'm The HBIC ,,,, Head BlowOut In Charge !!!
Yeah Buddy
Tune in 1070 am for and Jesse Ventura in a minute.
It won't disappoint!
TextsThatLeadToSex You trying to make some money?
Really Solomon Wilcots, is Ryan Fitzpatrick that fearless...
Has it ever crossed your mind When were hanging, Spending time, girl, are we just friends Is there more
Astros trade Quintero and Bourgeois.
Yes, to another major league team.
Well, the Royals, so it's debatable.
: The Perfect City for a Capricorn: Houston, TX that's me LOL
With oscar sunday fast approaching what did you think of the artist?
a love letter to the days of cinema when words were not an option.
Ladies and gentlemen, Sean's third tweet for the month of April.
Lexus Luxury Level for the Hawks Game!
Good luck!
: I am convinced I have a horrible disease.
Or else I'm just in CBS limbo waiting to see if I'm going to get picked up.
lmao!
Why Would I sit there and count..
I ain't got time!
And HEY!
Liam is a nice name!
PEACE peace to the middle east Go Planet !!
I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over professorts...Melissa Martin, Wisefly Auto Glass
haha hey nice one!
x imagine me when im dead?
The sex will be marvelous!
Do I say break a leg?
RT : If I were in a theatre production, this would be Hell Week.
Competition is in five days.
Love to my new follows!!
dude ran into your old man and dillon here.
professorBies: Three things it takes to be successful: passion, competence, resilience!
FishBowl Radio Network Relationship Problems?
What are they?
Also do you want a shout out, let us know!!
5 upcoming hot spots for roleplay in Mists of Pandaria: by Anne Stickney May 12th 2012 at 2:00PM All the world's a stage, and all the...

Thanks for RT, Rose!
Hope you had a great weekend.
Gas prices jump at Speedway on Fish Hatchery from 3.69 to 3.95 overnight.
Fill up while you can!
I missed the and Reggie Miller is also in the house tonight
I'm ccing you for next year :
Happy Thanksgiving to all my Tweets
I believe she has a chief of staph, to deal with her...
issues.
let's hope tomorrow is smooth sailing
...definitely all relative...
Friday's special guest will be the beautiful and talented !
Tune in at 11AM CST on
No matter how hard things may seem there's alwayz something good comin around the corner
sony f900.
the trailer is from the sd until we online.
chut up I meant u ahaha
Here you can find what you're about Eminem
The guy at the local bodega only ever sees me buy ice cream and cat litter.
He must think I'm AWESOME.
btw what you saying this long weekend?
Down to only 68 of the vote...yikes.
i don't look like a rabbit.......
Interview at Fox Studios then recorded doctorms at The Gravity Room Studios.
What a great day.
Voxer me?
How can the NFL even compare you to Tom Brady ?
No contest there but if there was you would come out of top Like always
Get to Salsa Under the Stars by 6:30 and enjoy a FREE Salsa Lesson with Salsa Baby!!!
u are a FOOL!
Love it!
RT : aam2012 doctornking game: bottoms up everytime someone says engagement
Thank you so much!
I am getting good feedback so I am thinking I may have to go in a little late tomorrow to pick it up!
FEELING A LITTLE FOOLISH BEING JAILED IN THE OFFSEASON
I just saw the wienermobile !
Aaron, it's always amusing when you call me the universe.
Would also say that it is significant that 7 of FB friends haven't met f2f.
That's a lot of ppl!
My daughter might be going to spellman!!!
our new song for spanish boys to sing to us is Promise by Romeo Santos and Usher 33333
Aqua teen hunger force is funny lol
i cant wait for VictoryField field this year.
its about to be hella fun
always inthezone on my walks to and from class.
Sorry.
:
I hope they realize after 2 finals today I'm going to be completely worthless at work tonight lol
Every day is trash day when you live in NYC.
Ugh, I need something better than TweetDeck.
Recommendations?
It's May 5 and I can see my breath
I wanna do somethin
Just seeing this.
Congrats!
comScores recently published statistics for online video viewing and video ad exposure in the Europe reveals the biggest growth lies in vi
Send some martini's to Milwaukee!
AJ Best Not.
I'm Not In The Mood.
I love when you tweet about me.
;
so I now have a twitter and don't know how to use it..lol
I literally lol'd!!!!!!
Nina told me :P Roll up yr windows or ya'll gonna bust a Marco Otero!!
wow way to be compassionate :
haha ikr so what state do u live in?
wow...
two little babies kicking my butt!
Trying to get plugged back into the world.
RT : Fact  RT : A chick that always wanna argue is a Fucking turn off
you already congratulated me prior to now
I may or may not have just gotten hulu plus so I could continue my shameful One Tree Hill marathon.
On the way to perform at red kiva....mityme now!
i love it, idk seems it would be the same, been all the way to ny and the only def is weather!
Ice on my neck and wrist
hahaha not them!
Another band:
totally agree.
Just thankful we are not in the house with her!
Determine your compensation range.
This will help you avoid making a lateral move instead of an upward move.
or hate on him for a reason.
I'm like goaway.
yeah i remember is movies, you will be miss RIP John Hughes
So excited for our photo shoot for some new band pictures!!!!!
Will tweet some pics from on set later
have you and domo found a pair of pink skinnies yet ??
;D
That's amazing.
:
If you don't trust someone, don't be with them.
Thank you for the RT!
GA Gov.
Nathan Deal just gave a strong personal  economic case for the arts.
The Killah Bees head up to the Granite State to scrimmage NHRD Bring the sting, Bees!
May your neighbors respect, troubles neglect you, angles protect you, and heaven accept you.
Dear sister of mine, STFU!!!!
Sincerely, trying to sleep .
Oh my gosh wish I was there!
half and half sounds better lol
u love a boy
I would so be all over that.
Individuals are the architects of their own destinies.
Follow your doctorams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
I've heard similar ideas substantiated.
In the end, the nap was merely satisfactory.
hey!
How you been?
Long time no talk!
Lol
Oh happy day!
Beef negimaki wit extra sauce
Planning  preproduction for some big SXSW marketing efforts.
Music week is always a good time for us.
Love SXSW energy!!
Tastytweets Enjoy the rest of your stay!
this is going to be weird to say and for you to hear, but please start charging me money.
don't want you to disappear.
13th trip to mexico.
leaving in two weeks.
shooting maya ruins...small, obscure sites again
Why has no one coded a Battlestar vs.
Star Wars video game?
got it
he's In governors square 14, bottom floor.
Come on down, so far: amazing as promised
that's what's up man!
Hit me up!
3174147987...
We'll keep the home fires burning.
Enjoy the break!
Your about to become my new BF, I love what your all about!
Not sure as to who, it's more like which faction I think I'm part of right now.
Right now, Major Crimes Unit.
She's like, There were so many people with more things than me, so I saw no point in waiting!
It was just a muffin!
:
nisoEbook Paxhia: prerequisites for success include obvious value and availability of devices.
Was 2011 the Year of the eBook?
You can hear the orchestra always trying to sing with these oppressive figures
the quoted an tweet in a news update!
two is transferred to the job market in the same way ppsychology is relied upon in communications/advertisement.
Smoke another one brother!!!
what types of jobs are you looking for?
Computer freezes.
ME: WTF?!
Starts clicking everywhere.
Pierce Senior Center to be turned into banqueting hall
Hi!!!
This is our casting company!
Would love to talk to you!
Bringing my scholarly circus sideshow to NIU tomorrow.
Excited to show and talk about some new things and see  et al.
You come to find that the things some may find annoying in a relationship, others wish they had.
It's Wed so it means another staff mtng.
Topics of discussion: , EotR Distinguished Artist Award,  more!
confession I need a new twitter professorle pic.
I just liked it and kept it way too long.
If untreated, BV may cause infection of fallopian tubes and uterus, which may lead to
ConfessionNight I trie to pee out my car window on a road trip and it went out my window and I through the back...
Again c ur pt but actually the answer is yes...that interview on a talk show is much diff post and pre doctorft.
Not a new thing
I DO LIKE YOU !
I told yu that already
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ???
;
They don't have enough subs to sub out everyone on a yellow...
Christmas Eve  yeah now I have time to get ready for 2012.
So much to do and so little time but I will prevail.
perish the thought!
people said u slammed and took the rim down shaq style
Maybe we should put a travel ban on the Egyptian delegation that's visiting next week?
Only fair.
Corel VideoStudio Pro Ultimate Review: Great Value in PC Video Software
I am smart, I'm not a scatterbrain.
Not flakey.
Not aloof.
I am smart.
I'm following you :
the only that would've made puppyconan better: puppy labamba
Many thanks to all, especially recent followers and DJ's for the feedback.
Ruling guys, thanks for the RTs and see you in March :
lool ok :AustinsHairFolicles?
:D that one was stupid lol.
im done now.
and btw im just hyper/bored so ignore me right now lol
No strings attatched, then making a shout out video:
Time to take out the trash
Favorite TV moment: Women have all the power in sex.
That's why male prostitutes don't make house calls.
Chris Paul Wants Out!
Blazers, Knicks, Magic, Mavericks among the teams he wants to play for..Lakers possibly in the mix as well.
Would it count as plagiarism for me to tuck one of these stickers into every Bible in the local bookstore?
Just finished a GoSee Very creative atmosphere.
They were super nice and Floyd the bulldog was too cute!
It's the smallest things that mean the most
SOUND CHRONICLES IN FULL EFFECT!!
definitely a boniver kinda day
I loved Edie and Mike before Marc killed em off.
But Lynette is and always will be my favorite!
:D
Thanks.
Haven't actually been on Twitter these days.
sounds good joey
What a game!?
Watching Lakers vs.
Thunder.
9191.
Going into overtime...
Everyday in the 90s here.
Entering the rainy season.
Hot  muggy everyday.
Fun!!
Looking forward to seeing you at smacsrit tomorrow!
Bucks need a stop here.
I don't know what is going on with jennings.
Got torched all night and didn't shoot?
New post: Dulcet  The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
.
Thank you for the great infographic!!!
Q23 love my wahm hooter hider ; having a successful bfing exPerience this time around!
Yay
S/O to Illest in the game
Do u like or dislike hornswoggle?
thank you!
We hope to see you here soon!
I'll vote for the man but I'm not giving him my money.
I invite you to donate to whomever you think best  I'll do likewise
Thanks BFresh, I have been in the lab writing up a storm and have been as far from the loop as possible :
Stop.
Take a second.
Breathe.
:
I'd agree with you, but we'd be two wrong Mf's..
I'll be proudly sporting my SBXLV gear we're still champs until the game is over Packwinning14in2013!
Let's go Louisville : I like where we at...
We good.
Big run coming in the 2nd half
Lol I vibe to that TooMuch RT: I ain't think nobody was gone get it RT : Welcome the mind of a maniac
that was still an AMAZING movie though.
we hope to see you at the show this year!
Farve might come back to play for the Bears, might be a Chicago fan again...
Orphanz
Ha!
Poor kid
Thanks for the suggestion will give it a try.
so 3 6 Mafia isn't a group anymore?
happy birthday : still have the britney video on repeat!
SURE, WHATEVER YOU SAY ;D no no, I'm the same way xD haha
Not sure where we are sitting on that one.
Just wanted to pass on some info.
my house!
And we need a DJ WelcomeToMyHouseParty!!!!
Work almost over
I was a little pissed at being woken up, and me and the cool roommates searched the apt to find out how the hell the cat is getting out...
Search YOLO and see how many people actually use it literally...
I was bringing donuts 2ma
what do you have in mind?
I can do more than just key chains.
stiles:like death hehe
Hey..
kinda love you;D
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word BAMBOO to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
Mahalo
Heading over to Something Different Party Rental to play with place settings!
Awesome site!
Wow.
Unconventional, but I'll take it!
I hate Clint Barmes.
And to think we have this asshole on a two year contract.
Take a walk on the wildside!!!!
Hurry back Monday.
Big bankroll do it like Tony.
Fuck her friend then I pass it to the big homie.
Got a sign on my dick, bad bitches only.
One can rearrange the letters in Fredi to spell Fired  COINCIDENCE???
If Justine LaMacchia would try some different makeup and mix it up every once in a while, she could be really pretty.
If this doesn't happen, Amy Whipple and I are going on a mass killing spree.
hackoff was epic.
Freaking matt in cleveland!
A legandary meltdown for radio history.
Yeah I guess they have the Zbo injury as an excuse to why it didnt work.
Could give it another go next yr
I got a paid summer internship for part time this summer!
I finally don't have to stress anymore...for just a little bit.
Stringer Bell teaching Macroeconomics is just the best.
Elegance is a question of personality, more than one's clothing.
JeanPaul Gaultier
I actually bought my kid a latch hook rug kit.
He's not sold on it.
I use it to punish him.
Well, least he's there to bum some 1's off of.
ack!
don't read the comments don't read the comments don't read the comments...
Black Documentary for the day Unchained Memories: Readings from the Slave Narratives.
the sky is a limit you can be whatever you wanna be!!!
So sleepy
Thanks for the follow
I'm good, working hard  counting the days down to see my daughter next week!
How's ya new spot workout last week?
:hi how are you doing?
I've been praying for you and your talk show.
Oh WOW!
Thank you for your prayers!
This is my best friends video.I wanted to let you know how much she loves you!
If you at least talked to her she will go nuts!
I love new skunk hair.
He's lookin good.
you tell me!
Ask your gym friend and the ticket taker guy you talked with for a solid 30 minutes when they are free.
Fatman good I m comeing to Orlando
Me and are like fucking night owls!
i guess that statement only includes tyler and earl.
if they polish up their beats a little i think they could reach that level
RT : schoolmemories food fight in lunch
Heading to the beach
okay girl!
No rush, no problem :
Earthquake in San Francisco, just now!
If this was easy anyone could do it is the reality of independent film finance, not only in the U.S., but all over the world.
haha well good :
A sales person can make me go from I'm not interested at this time to I'll never be interested with pesky emails and calls
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters :
will do!
Vet just called  he's doing well :
haven't looked into yet...good stuff?
oh lol i was responding to your last tweet lmao my fault
how did you break your thumb??
bands!
In philly?
Free tonight?
Looking to help great cause?
Slots avail full bands at dobbs toys 4 kids event email
I will be sure to  :
thanks Sara!
Ha!
Fair enough...LA still?
We'll have to link up...exploring songwriting for artists other than myself a bit...
Speaking og T.O.
looks like he's trying to weasel his way out of Buffalo but flat out quitting on his team.
Punk.
Morning to all Mother's out there
Rickie Weeks has struck out more times than he's reached via walk or hit.
Just pitiful.
today proved that I dont need to think about my future
Rush, You are the only one who can make me laugh when things are bad.
Don't ever stop!
Happy first day of Spring!
The weather will start warming up!
you're adorable
May all of your wildest doctorams be exceeded in the reality to come for 2012!
Love, peace, health and miracles!
how did you hair go from that to how it is now??
Here is a legit question.
How far do you have to insert a meat thermometer to get an accurate temperature?
I thought it was understood when mister X of Company Y speaks on behalf of the company, that it IS the company speaking.
Strange!
Wish I was back in Hollywood for the Oscars again.
Love the
Congrats to DTD for winning the 2012 Little 500.
Americans We by Henry Fillmore is a march you'll hear at our July 10th concert.
Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
When i tweet something, does it go to everyone's phone?
.
I think you make good points.
Some I have pondered before and some I have not.
I will take this to my editors.
Thanks.
come out and try some of our other pies at the market sometime!
Special soup tonight, with doctornks and crackers and a good word from a surprise speaker.
6:30.
See, I know my destination, but i'm just not there
Terrance Jones!
Ridiculous!
Don't know yet, I think imma just go in undecided.
wbu ?
groupies??
Like deadheads?
Sounds exciting!
I bet its like beatlemania in your place!!!
Performance classes are coming in June!!
Come in and practice your performance!
email me if you are interested!
you was preaching Tyler!
God bless you...
i DM'd you twice.
read them :
is there any way to separate the galleries and collections on the galleries page?
i had code elsewhere depending on separation
great to have you here !
the talls vs the smalls  teamtall haha gotta love
what are you serious I hope they make a good game.
lots of big band and Latin sounds comin' up....
Antonio Adolfo, Sammy Figueroa, Jerry Gonzalez....
will we see you in Chicago again soon
hello Wes.
We are still waiting on you to email us your tunes!
it probably doesnt help that youre booty doctorpping and singing hollaback girl.
Just what im assuming/imagining.
Conference attendees that also live in DC  how are you getting to conference on Saturday?
Panic!
The Disco
There is so much on my mind ..
Every great doctoram begins with a doctoramer.
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for...
...
there is a sense of relief in being able to tell a pushy coworker that they're asking the wrong person for help.
OLLU Men's Golf  Finished 6th of 8  ROUND 2  Grub Mart Invite hosted by Jacksonville State  Silver Lakes in Jacksonville, Ala.
I can't wait to see you in The Lucky!!
Perfect casting!!!
: 
Happy Thanksgiving to you and all of yours!!
RT  Hey y'all  do me a huge favor and check out my friends  by clicking on .
Swagg Mo Sicker Den MF Aids Patient
of course!
We love your blog
Suck it Rauch
Heck Yes!
sounds like a terrific event!!
thanks for sharing.
alright, getting out of bed now.
So motivational.
Thanks for the PumpRoom suggestion.
That is right in my wheelhouse.
Felt like I was in a JamesBond movie.
Great choice.
LMAO I lovee this one!!!
You know how to get to Manor Rd?
Quite a few things in the making.
You best believe ya boy got some super crack that he's whipping up!
rock on!
Thanks for your support!
Got some great bands on your station.
when did he say that?
Since I'm antiNBA, I'm going for the Caps in the East and debating between the Coyotes, Preds, and Blues in the West.
lol u should get it!!!!
So we can talk :
Homegirl who just walked by...that was such a snob move!
I wouldn't talk to you!
Keep it up!
Great win v !
: Thanks for the RT.
BTW, told us about the great work you're doing.
I will definitely look out for them  would love to hear more about them from you.
Chat soon?
Really?
My g,you're gonna go diva already  this is our first rehearsal?!
Watching year one : lol
Big news on its way!
Watch our Twitter feed for some cool stuff tomorrow!
We hate keeping secrets!
Arrgh!
There are surveillance cameras everywhere!
Trying to pick a spot for the 21st.
it was great!
Thanks!
Looks like is emo because he's not emo anymore.
writing all day was so exhausting i took a nap
Hey Oprah, I will be performing on The Wendy Williams Show this Friday  would love to impress on yours!
I am only 6 yrs old
Listening to 
thank you any of them on Oahu?
haha i must return it to it's owner.
Haha, fire crackling.
I thought it was someone typing loudly in the background.
If you're near Stanley, stop in at , I'll save you a seat, is playing
misterin world have a blessed day cuz if ur alive then ur blessed already
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 450
That got me thinking.
I should be a responsible father and collect all the classic shows for my child to watch instead of whatever is on now
Africa's enthusiasm for technology is boosting growth.
It has more than 600m mobile phone usersmore than America or Europe via TheEconomist
my thoughts exactly!!!
Go for it Lance!
And I trust that will give this thing a fitting number of GoPHs.
S/O to all the bitches MAD bc they man trying to talk to me !!
it's STAAR Week so you should look RockStar Fab instead!!
Come by any Express Lube location and receive 10 OFF any Full Service Oil Change when you wish an Express Lube employee a Merry Christmas.
; Thanks.
Now go to bed!
too soon thanks
my head hurts.
Kiss it to make it better?
:

congrats!
Tweet the picture
Hello Nello  thanks for the follow!
It's funny hearing campus tour guides talk about the library.
Re: ILL You can go online and order library books through our catalog.
Smh...
NO EUROPE!!!
This is me being a good friend and saying no.
so is every ones happy new year i hope every one had a safe weekend lol
that's all you can do, it will be a long process, I really feel for her
Evening librarian at your service!
WE LOVE YOU WITH ALL UOR SOULL !!!
AND NOW PLEASE NOTICE ME
you kid, but we literally just postponed all of our shit for later in the week.
No way I'm trying to do any PR today.
The news on my timeline about which shows are being renewed  which are being cancelled reminds of something: I no longer watch network TV.
Great inning !
Oh yeah.
Can't lose Timmy.
200followers YES!
Thanks everyone :
What gets longer when pulled, fits between a woman's boobs, inserts neatly into a hole  works best when jerked hard?
answer in 5 mins
wow believe tour ALREAADY!?!?
I feel like unless we're getting Jordan Staal and Rick Nash in this deal it's not worth it.
And that's not happening.
shutttup dude your dick is the size of my finger lol
gmail spam!
The world has come to an end!
I cannot stand when people make me take my headphones out.
It practically says, Do Not Disturb.
wants a direwolf...
right about...
now!!!
On my commute I realized it's that damn song, Somebody That I Used to Know that caused my nightmares.
Stupid song with stupid lyrics.
But what did she tell you?
I feel like a loser cuz I still havent seen the avengers!!!!
I'm trying to figure that acronym out; what's it stand for?
Yes Thanks For Asking Love3
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in.
Aim at earth and you get neither.
C.
S.
Lewis
Shark tank rocks dude!
miraloma i have a house that can be bought for only 500 down
I wish Steve Novick were running for mayor.
He would rule with an iron hand.
Riveters vs Steel City today!
Doors  2pm, Bout  3pm!
Rhode Island Convention Center!!
If not stopped, another beautiful and precious life will be brutally murdered without any trace.
Aw!
Come on Coach Fischer.
Keep Cardwell in the game!
I wanna see the 6'11 300 pounder play.
no training this week so far, sick, sick, sick.
Last week was a recovery week too.
Whose coming down for the grill out tomorrow?!
I love shopping on my own, so rejuvinating.
dude where is my wine?
:
Me too!
But maybe next time!
Look forward to following tweets!
I thought I sat on the remote.
What the hell just happened on the oscars?
AccordingToPalin The worst kind of socialist is an ice cream socialist
And that's when I realized...you aren't that fucking great.
please RT for her 21st Birthday!
She loves you  the Pens like crazy!
We all do!
Thank u  she will love it!
:
DJ Chris Roxx Tonite at The Place!
Just waking up goodmorning
Lbt!
I finally feel back at home.
I'd love to be able to speak to you about the MM Ambassador InChief opening.
I've applied and it would be a doctoram job!
Check out The Shadow Childoctorn myspace.com/shadowchildoctornofficial
You use alot of hand sanitizer???
FEB0412  WE SHOULD NOT BE USED TO DISCUSS WHAT YOUR FAVORITE TEAM'S DONE.
My caloric intake.
RT What are you watching this weekend?
I feel you that's wassup same old good is good lol
didn't know u are a Pool fan
I was on set the last week so I already know ;
Hey ppl go follow me and we auto follow bck
We're trying to come up with a pedagogy that promotes real social knowledge networking.
waiting till 2013, no date set yet :
RT People are born.
People die.
MCA lived.
will you accept this ?
Lol don't get sucked in!
How are you man?!
hope you feel better.
We all miss you!
LOL I had just opened that article this morning to read at lunch and share with you.
You win!
you're my gurrllll.
Love ya boo.

underground movies??
:
I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, No.
One doctorg is enough.
Rodney Dangerfield
not happy either mate.
Shady all round
Greyhound?
Last Saturday?
Anybody?
ttp://www.youtube.com/watch?vhBRKSIj2tMcfeatureyoutubegdataplayer
Your like a door handle everybody uses you.
Hiking today Runyon Canyon!!!
great!
Thanks for the info.
I havent had sugar in 15 hours.
I want CAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKEEEEEE.
absolutely.
it's like burning off the underbrush
I Am .
You don't know how I felt about her man !
Omg I can't take it no more !!!!
:'
Chap, I'm gonna be honest.
Completely exhausted.
Early wakeups, long commutes, graduations  wiped.
Wishing a Happy Birthday!
LOL I dont sleep!
Us owls are nocturnal...
You should get them bright and early tomorrow morning...there were some mild computer issues, but they're resolved now!
Thanks.
CC: RT 'Hunger Games' cannot be stopped
Sometimes, when you wait too long to make a decision, the opportunity passes you by.
Take action!
Slum Village  Fall In Love
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 52
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Oh tounge kiss her on the tounge skeet skeet skeet watergun OMG becki look at her butt tunchi Motto
Im so in love baby....I DONT CARE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY!!!
Erykah Badu voice
ILikedYouUntil i realized i could do way better.
Girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money.
Do not burn bridges out of spite.
You might need to cross those in the future.
It's not personal; It's business.
on that note we should have been guidance counselors lol
Honestly...after getting caught Cheating....does anybody ever really wanna see the Patriots win another Superbowl?
To mister.
Taylor and mister.
Enloe, my former math teachers: Thanks.
Suddenly I'm dealing with math in the trillions.
Seriously loving this weekend 
good day!: filed trip tmister
Catching up on some fun writing tonight...I'm open to distraction, pursuing tangents as the present themselves...good times
A woman asked me about my caboose today.
Whew!
I 3 this modern city.
We are back.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
yeah hanging at home here too cheering them on with Allie and Blade.
Go Warriors!
I hate nikki minaj.
With a passion.
What really sucks is when you a really awesome, but stupid idea and than someone smarter than you stops you
you bitch!
That's do not ballin'
That's good .
I'm good thanks for asking.
how are all the workshops going?
; Twat is the word .
I need 90 more dollars and I can order my tattoo machine kit!
3.3
hahaha welcome back to Twitter!
You went from thick to fat
I wish there was gelato delivery..brought to you on a moped
Great night , eating great food and doctornking moonshine with Thanks to and the rest of the team.
Big graduation in my house this wknd.
Excited about it.
Break a leg....
Jordan Classic is
yeah they will probably do what the Broncos did...
When they start losing they will put him n.
In the age of chimpanzees, I was a monkey
Yes ma'am AngelinaJolie......she so rocks!
Love d doctorss....BradPitt looks very suave ;
What Is Yahoo REALLY Trying To Do With All These New Features?
via
These bugs are overstaying their welcome.
Get the fuck out of my house.
15 Current Technologies My Newborn Son Won't Use  Gizmodo
RT : Everyone is a teacher.
Embrace the lesson, learn, move on to bigger and better.
Take a musical journey through time with MixMaster David, John Wayne, Juggla, and DJ Kash tonight at Sutra Lounge!
ahhballs!
I hav it 5th n im trin to get it 2nd but misterdaly said it was full n then i emailed him yesterday n he never repd
Wednesday 3/9/2011  DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Good lil workout...now about to kill this subway tho!
RT : RT : The hotter the room, the better the orgasm.
I'll tell you ONE thing tho..
God is good!
LouisvilleHateDay is here
Good morning!
Wow, what a Beautiful day!
Going to spend the day in town and my beautiful corn is on it's way!
Can't wait for our event!
:
I know you dont want me to leave but when i come back im all yours if you're still around...
Promise
You are so spot on.
Man you should graduate early since u already know, like, everything!
my moms gonna come home and see that i've been crying and she's gonna be pissed.
YOU'RE GONNA GET SICK AGAIN she'll say.
Missouri Location: ODILE'S LINEN AND LACE, ETC 34 S.
THIRD STREET., STE SAINTE GENEVIEVE MO 63670
Ok it getting late here i gotta go to bed Now it is 1:47AM night :
I feel like I have dialup internet at my house
man u should come visit Santa Ana California
PLEASE HELP ME D: okay so what song should i sing in the talent show can be a song i've done on youtube or a new one ready GO 33333
: When boys want to have kids with ou in the future.
Dear Girls: FACT You can lose up to 18 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Me and mister.
Jones ;
assholes!!!
I'm waiting on Allstate to refund a payment that they took out of my account twice.
It's been 2 weeks!
Subway bread smell: thoroughly permeating clothes since 1965.
Nervous and excited to be starting the Feel Good and Look Great program w/ tonight
Love it!
We should make a shopping trip to Trader Joes for some goods too!!!
Other food for thought, is there something about Ersan Ilyasova's game that actually makes him better in a condensed season?
re: hangover cures  miso soup.
I swear by it!
wegotogether like captain Picard and the USS Enterprise.
YOU DON'T LIKE IT?!
FIGHT ME THEN!
K
Im waiting patiently
you have gotten so far with everything.
Its beyond amazing.
Supporting you from the beginning ; to the end.3 3 mahomie.
:
well then you're gonna have to be willing to compromise
Tonights films are student productions that document oral narratives of contemporary American women!
Going through marchmaddness withdoctorws today!
Checkin opens up for BarCamp Rochester, Fall 2011 in 12 hours!
yes an she's on some fucking bull shit
He truly speaks as an expert on the issue.
RT: : Cicconi knows about ignoring facts.
we had a PD on it today short quick walk through snapshot of class and there are 6 levels of student engagement in learning
Working on a new way, a simpler way of doing business with our overseas clients.
welcome back to Hollywood East haha
Tomorrow, special screening of Avengers thank you very much Boston Herald!!!
Kansas had a chance but Kentucky is relentless.
Wow no one can beat them.
They must be shooting 65 from the field.
Active in our SOT community
Welcome to Twitter Grace!
.
is one of the only major journalism awards that has no entry fee.
Thanks to all our supporters for making this happen.
I forget easily.
He is easy to forget, I've been here just on my other account.
Anyway I used him to get over 'him' :
wrote 3 songs this week, they're a bit alternative and they have a different sound so I hope you guys will like them!
x
Lol, I hope.
You're a Barbie?
Ok, that's admitting you're fake.
Sup doee.
There's a weekend in '77, that might be their best ever.
Loaded setlists, tape quality is stunning
She sucked rotten eggs  can't sing worth a damn.
I was disgusted.
I've hated her ever since.
And it tainted the song for me.
Thanks to all the Bancroft Library staff for the yummy holiday party food and doctornk!
Georgetown Day will be 70 degrees and sunny...start hydoctorting early!
Last year,I said I wanted to ask a favor of you but I didn't because you didn't win the CHAMPIONSHIP.
I hope to ask you THIS YEAR
would you believe you block/spam 60 then you get 100 more trash.
Lord.Hopefully the trash will get tired of adding.
: 
that's what you think!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!
hey, uhum I know we arnt dating anymore but um BEST FRANDS?
Its hot out there, but our clean and green teams are out there doing their thing!
Adoctoran over here fooling
is a freak forreal I felt sorry for her but her tweets well tell it al.
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you.
RT : : make sure you get the guacamole if you go to it's thebest!
very true!!
lol shut up
: RT both kids' lang arts teachers made prnts do grammar exercises at curric night.
talked much more abt grammar than reading
Awesome, thanks for sharing!
Loving all of your latest pics.
Motivating me to do more shooting.
hahaha David?
That's awkward
Agreed!
I love it when they have captainons written in, like that one does.
Great time period, too!
Boy meets world at 7am oldschool :P
Right!
Lmao, I always thought you lived in New York for some reason, haha : 3
I heard that!
: Wake up Kansas City, it's game day!!!
GO SportingKC
The weather can be odd in Tucson this time of year.
Naughton's is prepared for the last spells of heat as well as the cold temps moving in.
T2 days till sakefestpdx  looking forward to meeting some sake luvers
PR nightmare RT : The Miami Marlins announced today the suspension of manager Ozzie Guillen for five games effective immediately.
Two full workouts today.
I learned how to make my hair wavy with a curling iron!
finally!
lol.
your Welcome 3 :
I have major student loan debt, and I graduated from UC
and u
tiger woods 14
got the ne Pusta T mixtape n Wiz album.today is gona fly by
I agree.
Felt like a Raimi trial run in hindsight.
Sorta like PJ and THE FRIGHTENERS where Death was a protoring wraith.
A good Halloween movie suggestion?
30 Days of Night.
It's old school more scary than gory.
Vampires come out at night...
ha, I'm heading up to MINN.
tmister.
I'll get them myself.
Someone PLEASE help me!!!
Who heard the song before the Lakers and OKC game 1 came on??
I WILL NOT GIVE UP!!!!!!
I find it funny that Gov.
Chris Christie vetoed gay marriage in New Jersey when he clearly looks like a man who enjoys eating sausages.
Are pedicures supposed to be relaxing?
Because this just makes me want to kick the man in the face.
Happy Mother's Day moms
It's a challenge to swallow my sarcasm during some interviews.
Go panthers!
Thanks for the RT
YouSoundLikeAVaginaSwag : That means so much to me!
EmotionalSwag
Chairdancing at its finest...
rocking out to Thievery Corporation.
Marijean Jaggers Communications would appreciate this!
Thanks!
Looking forward to it!
Blagh.
I hate both of those things.
S/O to a beautiful woman follow ya teddybear back iight
: Already?!
I thought at 11!
RT : Karaoke is bout start!!!on our way!
Already have a song picked out
,hey madison can u plzzz follow my bffl LauraAliamia:
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn.
Emerson
Not usually.
I bet is wishing he could be enjoying his 5th semester of math like me
Cool of you to RT!
Our traffic has been through the roof with Rush fans!
It feels good to be able to offer this!
Slacking regarding writing, I have a few ideas but neither the time nor available fingers to do so.
Hello world!
We have a question for you.
What would you like to hear more about on our Twitter feed?
Thanks everyone!
SZ
oh man, Moonrise Kingdom, eh?
I didn't even know he was making a new film; it looks uber, uber good.
YouGettinPunchedIf you talk really bad to a girl that a major bad ass attitude.
Fuck you twitter im done with you!!!
RT : God is pleased with you.
That's why it's okay to be confident in who you are.
you biiiiiiiotch!
Haha just kidding can't wait ;
I can't stay off Twitter for a minute without 8 tweets from 
just did:
Also by like 3 Bradys and 5 Gronkowskis...
Get your own ideas ppl!
Bodemeister is favored at 41 but has no races as a 2 year old...
this should be an exciting KentuckyDerby !!
did you ever think that maybe I'd be perfect for you and maybe you are perfect for me too, I can't deny you have my heart,
feature the nontheatrical  I like it!
you have your phone or is it taken away again?
Lol
getting ready for my first day of work 
Jose Reyes still available?
I always tweet you..you never tweet me..
Always makes me sad :'
If you got money they bout that porn star lifee!
You know what comes to mind when I watch senators sitting there?
Send some my way.
Lol.
As I've been getting caught up on all the work I missed last week, I still haven't seen the GameofThrones premier!
VAI'll have a sausage, egg, and cheese omelet WaitressYea they all have eggs, it's an omelet!
lol you only said that cuz I said something smh
Beyond Scared Straight: The Psychological Abuse of Childoctorn in an Effort to Make Them Not Criminals
Back to Encinitas to shoot commercial property.
Used The Photographer Emphemeris iPad app to map the sun movement.
Saved a lot of time.
ok I sent it.
Everybody going seems like it
lol this is true
: Bakon Vodka is a brand that produces bacon flavored vodka.
100 disgusting
The first longest yard is funny as hell :
Responding those who live in glass houses to someone you don't know who wrote your an idiotQueen of Assholeland overkill or not?
Thanks for following my tweets.
I promise to keep them short and sweet.
Sept 10 hosting Script/Overview Ontourage/Pepsi event Sept.
10th 10p.m5a.m Host Gio Opening act Shayna Love Headliner Andoctor B.
Momentum shifting back our way?
TreasureTuesday here we go!
I hate to admit it, but it is really QUITE nice up here in the Dornsife Crisis Room
hope you had a good day boo :
: My best friend  3 That better be me bitch!
Lol.
If buyers need to check the US real estate box, theyre investing in NYC, DC, or maybe San Francisco.
SPOKANE RT Hello Spokane!
We out here Tryna Function Tonight w/  , 's DJKentot 
97 followers!
Amazing!
Keep it up!
And new music is in the making....in the mean time keep rockin to Girl I Used To Know :
We need some more cool badass golf wear, shoes and products!
Come on golf companies!
Innovate and use some creativity please!
Happy birthday :
Who lives in Cali ?
What time is it over there ?
:.
WOW, I just got done running 4 miles...
That felt so effing good!
HAHAHAHAHA!
OH MY GOSH DOUBLE DEE UP HOES!
IM DOLLY PARTON!!
thank you.
I hope you are well.
Subtitle: How to Make Found Objects Look Like Genitalia
No prob.
Tweeted you as soon as I saw.
What do you want to read about in upcoming issues of chicitizen?
Send news tips and story ideas to
ORCID phase 1 will not support IDs for institutions.
Dave Hester from StorageWars might be my favorite person on earth.
YUUUUPPP
Watching the injunction hearing re: budget bill etc.
Strangely compelling.
Judge very good, not activist judge
WHY DO YOU TELL ME TO GO TO SLEEP?
YOUR NOT MY MOM.
Yawn RT : There's a lot of skepticism in yankees camp whether rivera's retirement intentions are truly irrevocable.
Bachata Festival in New York?
We are still on the fence about this.
Same four steps for a whole weekend?
1, 2, 3, tap...
and repeat.
Boring
It's tshirtthursday!
Who wants a supercool REMAN U tshirt?
Reply with 3 words that best describe
good stuff bro.
you have some arrington in you
Went to a Omaha strip club last night.
I never seen such fuckery.
push back to maintain position  stopped pushing when there is no resistance
Belltown food tour!
Happy Saturday.
That was the worst performance I have ever seen.
Thanks nicki minaj for ruining music for me.
Yup u was mad cuz I wouldn't let u play....
So am I.
Is it OK if I blame your dog too?
Headed to Santa Barbara for National College Access Network meeting.
Looking forward to day of learning and networking.
ThingsIveRealized Saying you love me don't mean a thing, IM from the Show Me State.
Well I did not go a day of college so not educated in the subject .And upset that he would kill himself for any reason .
Did anyone record my performance for the talent show??
Just wanted to say hello!
took over the twitter on our laptop!
gotta lolve it!
we are having fun at this event!
WERE IN AN AIRPORT
recommendation  buy Dare to Repair.
Easy home repairs including blocked up doctorins
Fast, durable, scalable, easy to use, flexible, and unique
A VERY special deal!
Order a 4x4 mosaic for just 150, that INCLUDES shipping!
Check out my website and send me an email for details!
is gonna be good but if comes with him they will be great
: Thank you..for your support  encouragement the past few weeks.
We will keep fighting to equality  civilunions.
coleg
lol who's that then?
Man i love when some of my favorite great bands comes out with new amazing music!!
We will not be open Sunday July 4th and Money July 5th for the holiday.
RT : Good Parenting Tips for Mom  Parenting 101 Success: Loren Ridinger a Senior Vice President of Marketamerica.c......
u pretty smart,...
Lol
ok, I'm out of the loop here...
What are Chicago's hunger games areas?
Thanks and Happy FF to you!
I'll be in 1 big room, full of bad bitches!!!
Um, that has to be a travel or a foul.
Morning!!
RT : Good morning!!
miss my besties we are hanging out tomorrow after my doctoraded finals!!!!
:
Fans of THE WOODMANS, be sure to stop by starting 3/16 to see the special exhibition featuring the work of Francesca Woodman.
I'm no longer in the area, although I'd loved to party with NASAtweetup folks.
Brutal.
Wow.
That hurts.
School sucks , to much work , and it's to early in the morning .
Being perfect is overrated, so stop trying!
Just be yourself.
:
Sounds like a much better field!
And with less spitting!
best sabbath tune too.
Also looks great carved into a pumpkin...
My bad.
Everyone can do what they want.
It's a 100 free country.
Did you attend NBC news education nation Denver?
what did you think of the discussion?
We're on honorary degrees now...
Have to go back to the stupid old routine
yea yea sure u r
the kid i like
I watched 2 backpacks get turtled....
I helped in one..
GuiltyByAssociation :
Three cheers for using Twitter.
;
Experience is a Bitter Teacher But a Fool will learn in No Other School.
Excited to shoot the Sexy Balloon Fashion Show at the Houston Halloween and Party Expo, next weekend.
I'm playing doctor's Place in Memphis tomorrow with Roxie Randle and Ashley McBryde.
8 PM 5 cover.
Madison ave
Don't wait for the world to change, change it youself.
wow this is why I love baseball!
Last year for the people that work for hubby I found sets of those picture coasters for 1.99 per set
I have CDO.
Its like OCD but in alphabetical order.
There are worse things to be doing on a Sat.
morning than sitting in a fauxParisian cafe and reading about AACR2.
Will.i.am and Mick Jagger  wasn't expecting that combo.
Weird?
Daniel, did you forget?
You live in San Francisco.
And you're in the Mission!
;
Geeking out over teacher resource site analytics.
Amazing how much numbers can tell you once you understand what they mean.
Congrats and on the NBC deal.
Now what about radio ??
When can we hear the games with pre and post cov on radio
the perfect cup of coffee!
The dc gov one is good too but I get the sense you want to focus on something more positive
happy bake cookies day
tell me how it tastes.
I haven't had one before either lol
stop looking at me weird, man, or i'll pour acid in your eyes.
and it won't be owsley.
Hope it's not too late to say we ejoyed participating in the fundoctorising walk 2 wkends ago w Great org/cause.
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Second time Duck defender doctorps an INT.
Beavers saved by roughing the passer penalty to boot.
I want to start playing basketball again.
I miss being on a basketball team :'
Music I used to listen to brings back memories :
Heehee I will!
doctorJekyll is playing tonight against Orlando.
Who is this Knicks team???
preach it, brother!
i havnt been on Twitter in like 4 months....
wats that?
Ignorance is bliss.......
On to finish work!
It's official!
Today we signed a new client who designs luxury watches for men!
We're developing their brand, product launch and creating a
so true.
Outside political bubble the only question I get asked is: who should I vote for, again?
: If you haven't been inspired by get familiar!
Thanks Kendall!
Hmm.
3 of 4 of my tweets today cover deep thoughts on death and the definition of life.
An unintended theme.
HAPPY SUNDAY!
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Tony Robbins
what?
its the same person  her name is Alice and her twitter username is ArianaNutella.
i think its the same person
What about people who are exactly 40?
WhoMe?
you can guarantee that the yinzers will be screaming from the mountaintops that it's just like the past 19 years if he does...
Damn you autocorrect!
Sorry bout that last tweet/post  It's my last DAY at work this week.
Hello, ThurFriday!
Tigers love pepper.
They hate cinnamon.
.
I'm gonna take Roma Downey's Angel Acting 101 class.
R U?
I hear Della Reese will guest teach.
hahaha and I STILL think yr great :
I actually need a primary doctor.
You interested?
Any day is a good, even if it is for one minute.
Hey Wes, make western NY proud tomorrow!!
Good luck man!
Go Cuse'!
Saw you on AJNews.
Well presented.
Exquisite Hand Crafted Ornaments Agate Slices  Australian Animal Collection Available through www.veganvision.net
Home meet tomorrow, ah yeah :
Anything good to say about this department of ATT?
I'd like to vent but that would be so unladylike and I'll regret it.
Been relaxing on vacation....
loving life lately!!
Black people can't dance.
I'm willing to loan out my floppies for a small fee ; p  insurance required.
basically I'm set
oh i look foward to but that means we have to hang out
It's DERBY DAY!!
Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty rita and a 10 sirloin as you watch the most exciting 2 minutes in sports!
Follow us on Twitter:
thanks for follow
What a book.
That is easily one of my favorite books of all time.
May have to include.
We discussed, partly, Danticat's work.
Love it!
Apparating for more Tampico!
Lol.
Once you master that, mind sharing the secret too?
;
We got more Bounce in the Natti then!
Seriously, where do they make doctorer sheets?
I should know this.
Whoa!
Just heard Tell me something good .
.
.
on and I immediately thought BOBBY!
too soon?
I think I'm gonna get the Pandora app!
it looks like my Power is Back Skip
I hear so many stories from friends that have the same experiences as you.
I get jealous!
Mine are vivid, just lame.
Hahaha.
A hat is where it's at
Some artists do wardoctorbe changes, does guitar changes.
me too!
we recorded it and should send the video out soon..
Somebody need to get hit lol
Second event this week I've gon to this week where someone has been proposed too I guess my life is
Just got tickets to American Reunion!!
Going to dinner and a movie with
in the spirit of J.
Lo your new nickname is L.
Mo
don't get me wrong  show is at times still good; just seems a shadow of its former self
Senators should wear uniforms like Nascar doctorvers so we can identify their corporate sponsors.
I'm slightly concerned about possibility of quarantine w/ swine flu checks at every border xing.
Officials don't like feverish Americans.
We're looking at dates in late February and a planning meeting soon  hope to get you involved!
Join us in celebrating National Volunteer Week 2012!
How are you marking this volunteer week?
thanks for the follow!
I bet we know a lot of the same people from back east.
Hey Mary...just wanted to let you know that Sunday is the Northcrest Tour of Homes.
We'll have maps again down at the pool!
Why do people have fireworks?
e.e
Going to be with my babe tonight 3
Um Blowed so it doesn't matter
I'm in the alcoholic Mafia haha
i appreciate slow movement, do you like Yoga and TaiChi ?
Can you believe it?!
It's like 20 minutes from now!
Wishful thinking?
;
Joseph wrote a great new tune.
He played it for us last night.
We almost went with puppies.
Almost.
I wonder if is coming to the NY Show
oh inside joke, huh bitch?
Cold out today.
Wintaaaaah is heeeaaaahhhhhhh
thanks for sharing your notes.
I wanna go out to dinner today
..catch up  no longer rely on a cult/racial/relig.
homog.
which is no longer there.
It is VALUES, not CHARACTERISTICS.
is having lunch at 'WichCraft after gettig out of the WWDC keynote.
Think you know someone and then you learn the real name
Our season ends this weekend with Miike's 'Ichi the Killer.' Come get your blood on!
Malpal..
I luff yew.
so glad to someone that has the same taste in piercings, tattoos, and hair as me.
:
Having that teaching moment when the assignment is working, the students are selfmotivated, and I'm only here as their consultant.
I am sick or have allegories but still sucks 
Time for a morning jog
This is a big ass club just in unison lol
D'oh!
FML!
Stereo BOHH Gym Class
Oh my god i LOVE you!
Please follow me?
Ur really pretty by the way.
RNG thats how we do it!:
They're so good!
Minds are like parachutes  they only function when open.
Thomas Dewar
I sent you an email about www.urantia.org and more.
I thought you would appreciate the 5th epochal revelation and we can talk...
Right now I really want to vista my Facebook but my mom is using it 
Random stringed instrument question: What do you do with your old guitar / bass/ cello/ violin/ etc..
strings?
Trash?
Art?
Second life?...
Time for another Spooks episode.
Now I only wish they had cast someone w/ a decent American accent as Sarah Caulfield!!
Quote: Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
If I wanted a yellow car I would have bought one...
one of my childhood heros.
Cranking out a batch of Northern English Brown before class today.
Now I'll be officially out of fermentors.
Renew your contract with any of the 4 major wireless carriers by logging into Blastoff and visiting our Wireless page!
Watching Two and a Half Men with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So today definitely wasnt the best day...
Cant wait till the weekend
Thanks friends for liking this page WE appreciate it
good choice everytime we visit napa it is on the list
Then for the first few days of the New Year do not sweep!
You don't want to sweep away any of the good luck the New Year is bringing you!
my coworker is emailing another coworker to see if I've gotten an interview for a job we both applied for.
Just ask me.
sheesh.
we got Netflix
Mom allen
Critical thinking with logic and rationale concludes tax change known as BuffetRule is common sense to sustain the countries okay statusquo
my stomach hurts and i want to go to bed.
but no i have to go to tryouts.
whatevveverrr
Any Bear items?
Wow...I was there at that time.
I didn't see anything where I was.
Don't waste your life worrying.
Love, laugh, sing, dance, and let God handle all your burdens and worries.
Philip Arnold
the best news I've ever heard!!!
come back to Orlando you whore
No.
Not yet .
Soon though.
elder law, SOFA, society of financial awareness,complimentary consultation upon request.
IT'S BACK, WOW, When that happen???
Idk who this bitch is.
But she's fucking with my sleep.
And I will snatch her weave off.
Going to carve my punkin now!
Congrats King Midas!
Everything you touch turns to gold :
I can guarantee the Lakers win more games vs.
Thunder than Clippers win vs.
Spurs.
Soon it was over too soon.
Fables volume 16
Seniors its about that time to start preparing for Graduation!
Still looking for a DJ?
Book DJ On1 for your party today Email
She ain't gonna tie me down.
Yeah I bet you need my help
'We're being slaughtered': Syrians tell observers  World news ...
Why do people ask me to follow them, but have absolutely nothing about themselves on their professorle?
Share your story to get my interest!
Darn you
Is twitcher ever used in the US as slang for avid birdwatcher?
I've never heard it.
If u get spam messages from me light weight loss or career crap, sorry!
its spam, didnt send it my computer does it
Things I love that men do: holding your hand in public, writing you love notes, missing the toilet and pissing on your towels.......
I'm a self professorssed Tile Geek that has been lucky enough to be paid for my obsession.
Ck out my linkedin.
i'm pretty good, how about you?
Everyone in my family is getting iphone 4s' but me !
What is this!?!
Come out to for the Soft Opening of the second Southern Girl Desserts store.
Support
Happy opening day of the 2011 season, !
its the weekend
Hey guys, sometimes people write some crazy ish on sports message boards.
Seriously.
Once agin eating a late dinner lategrind
taxpayers are now paying for Obama's campaign bus tour as well?
Yay for us!
I've been home all day and just received an email that I missed an package.
I go outside, no infotag.
UPS is the worst.
Laws you are my boy til the day I die son.
I meant time warner cable
American Horror Story: Horror knocks boots with Soap Opera.
I shouldn't like it as much as I do.
But then Jessica Lange.
And then whoa.
she went there o somebody got balls lmfaoo
the sad moment that u thinking u meet was only a doctoram....waaah:
Some people want diamond rings, some just want everything.
But everything means nothing if I ain't got you.
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse.
And Happy Friday Eve!
I don't know about y'all, but I sure am ready for the weekend!
Just starting to regain my bearings after an epic bout of food poisoning on Friday afternoon.
It's time to go crazy in a positive way, and that means letting God be God of our lives!!
Man what yall got me out the way
If u think I'm fake cool.
Idgaf cause I'm real.
It's pathetic how people assume stuff.
you both need to realize I don't stalk your lives....and he's coming for kiss the summer hello
Good evening Thanks for being new followers and enjoy our twinning tweets
Pour a little on the curb for me, and enjoy some Tim's Cascade salt  vinegar chips while you're at it.
ill advised reredux: picking up the victoria's secret swim suit catalog to flip through while savoring said ice cream.
Blazers Roy has arthroscopic surgery on both knees  KATU.com 
Feel good music 
Options fimd new  or cut spending 93 of budget is salaries of 14000 employees doing work.
NEWPROJECT!
is looking for models and a MUA to shoot on Monday, November 28 in LA for a Los Angeles Print Magazine.
That was amazing RT that concludes today's session of Everyone on the Circulator is a Freak Join next time 4 more people I h8
Why people argue about the games???
you inspire me
www.unrealspandex.com not spam
Union teachers: 9am tomororow  learn how to nonviolent protest  cuz we know we never taught u that
Work crush quit...
Two weeks notice to find a new one.
Memories last forever, never do they die, Friends stick together and never really say Goodbye.
Fantastic!
What a thrill to hear from you!
Karaoke as family time, Fun :
M...yes, please.
R.I.P.
98.7 Kiss FM NYC.
I can't remember when you didn't exist.
You'll be missed whenever I'm doctorving and want to listen to some radio.
Can we pass a law making it ok to hit another car when the doctorver is a total ass on his cellphone causing traffic?
Just a little bump?
okay, this looks much better than potbelly
Scott and the kids left early this morning for a halfday fishing excursion.
Wonder what's for dinner tonight?
Last pm was stuffed flounder.
'paul revere' and 'sabotage' were 500 ft home runs in hip hop..on complete opposite ends of the music spectrum..those kids..game changers
me either!
3 except, maybe meeting aaaannnd
I'm glad I could make your lunch day...
Are you at the Walters or BMA?
You too!
Don't hit those 'roids too hard!
..hard for them, its easier to simply disenfranchise us as if we do not exist at all, because we are 'in their way'...
Tight competition between Goodwin and Muhammad.
One round to go.
The concept of war banners in MMOs isn't even remotely unique to Guild Wars 2.
.
Tomorrow is the last day of school.
Why would some guy with whom I shared a mutual dislike when we worked together 7 yrs ago suddenly want to be my FB friend?
We have the last middle school concert tomorrow.
I don't give two fucks about my exes, but it seems like everyone else thinks I am suppose to?
you can follow too you know...
Alex and Jack is trending
went out on the snowmobile yesterday  Trails were good  but lakes are VERY slushy in the Minocqua area  I recommend staying off the lakes
Next round of the Asian soup tournament at Chaya!
Miso soup time.
IF U DA SHIIIITTTT IM SEWER RICH CAME TO FAR FROM IRRELEVANCE TO BE 2ND BENCHED
Exercise of the day: Ball Dumbbell Pullover  The Ball Dumbbell Pullover provides the perfect exercise movement to work both your Chest...
Hi everyone!
We're happy to join Twitter!
Happy SuperBowl Sunday everybody!
Let's got Giants!
Ultimately it's not what happens 'out there' that upsets you it's what happens in your mind.
Poor, poor pitiful me: These young girls won't let me be; Lord have mercy on me.
My two favorite series are on the same day.
Saw Santa.
Petted a braindamaged woodchuck.
And exchanged the 15 block of cheese my husband bought.
Fun day.
:
Don't bend what isn't broken, or try to fix something that doesn't need fixing.
I voted yes on the merger!
Vote today!
and members today for
lol then he's a fool  
Today was 1 of those days that snaps u out of auto pilot, forces u to take a step back, reexamine  hope that tomorrow will be better.
iGetRealMadWhen I stub my toe.
Reason 24 to love the BBA: Fundoctorising event in the area?
The BBAs sure to give their time  support.
I need inspiration!
The right inspiration is excellent motivation.
Got those optimism blues.
Oh don't get smart lol sir RT : NOT A NICK NAME....THE ACTUAL NAME LOL
While I commend your performance and that of your compatriots, please try to keep such incredible work to a minimum.
stay schemin and yellow diamonds is so loud the windows breathing
Would Love to Direct a Music Video for You!
I directed 2 Time Grammy Nomine Eric Roberson on the Video SHE.
Hit me Up!
who would be the guy at WKU I could contact to send the highlight too?
so many interesting things going on.
Why do people sound so accusatory when they ask teachers if they're enjoying the snow days?
out with my girls who wants to get in on the fun :
Great idea RT FYI innotech emktg summit.
You know what would be great?
The speakers' Twitter handles in the program ;
Haha, yeah.
I went to a concert this summer but I didn't get to meet any of them so I definitely want to go again.
going to be late for work, can't stop listening to power ballads.
Surveys alone do not provide a clear picture of course success or failure.
Interview faculty AND get into their courses.
DUDES!
IM SUPER STOKED TO SEE YOU ALL ON 3/14!
WE R GONA HAVE A BLAST!
On the whole and as a species, we're doing Twitter correctly.
find something interesting in your life and tell a story about it in less than 4 mins on paper..that's a start 4 you lyrically.
Don't forget to check out 2012 which Jay Sean recorded here at KMA!
Here's a clip, put together by BET, of some of the work he's done.
Issa sayslaw student at Georgetown  a Cath university, and impacted by the policy  not qualified to testify about the policy
yes!
I'm making my german watch it but she is playing on her phone :
Truth be told I miss you, truth be told I'm lyin'.
When you see my face hope it gives you hell,hope it gives you hell.
In class tired af
Waddup...
How u
No school tomorrow !!
Hello New York.
Home sweet home.
At least for now until next week.
Then it's wheels up again, and off to Cleveland!
I love class of 2013 
Angel,omg 
On Capitol Hill w/ Youth Leadership Team.
Great meeting w/ Rep.
Ackerman and his staff.
Im Ready To See ASAP At Rtb, Cant Wait To Order My Tickets Satuday :DD
Skyrim won game of the year on VGA , and Joker won character of the year.
Fuck that shit.
jumps out open window
nowplaying off to the races  3
Have fun  wish I could be there too!
ur food sounds good!!
What's gotten into the Washington Nationals, they have now won 6 in a row.
This time overcoming a 5  0 deficit.
awe, shucks.
sup koo kid
Here we go!
Let's GoLakers!!!
Thanks for the mentions and RT's!
Haha Leslie is making fun of me
Pickup line of the day: Did you get those pants on sale?
Because at my house they would be 100 off!
If you don't think I'm beautiful, you're wrong.
My bad lol...
follow back
the theme dilemma: the theme is not actually the most important thing on your blog.
Quote of the night by just buy a fcking lamp!
Bring your date to and let do most of the work for you tonight
where are you from?!
follow me, pretty please 3 :
: I want to know how this is cuddle weather.
All rain does is make me tired, sad, and bitchy.
...
Especially freshmen.
Just finished our 1st HealthLiteracy Train the Trainer w/ !
10 new passionate health literacy trainers just entered the field!
doctorams Seem So Real
Just watched The Avengers in IMAX 3D.
I give it 10 stars out of 5!
My phone works: I guess I haveA.
Lucky phone
Congrats man!
Um, Bruce Campbell is guest starring in this episode of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
This day/life just took a turn for the better!
hahaha wait how'd know that q was from me?
The most used word on my TL right now: THIRST
this hazing shit at colleges has to stop.
i was gonna join a sorority in college but never did after i saw how a friend was abused.
Great day!
taught 2 kids how to do their own laundoctor, made a great dinner, mindmapped my new book, and received great info from my survey
FOUR auditions today, friends.
All appointments too!
Such a successful day.
Tiring.
But successful :o
My wife had nightmares last night due to the potential suspense that Prometheus may contain.
Hopefully she can handle IMAX 3D.
I shall be AFK until late night, so if you need me, DM me, and I'll respond much much later.
Oh no!
site down!
Need Fiona tkts!
You are AWESOME, RICK!
Thanks for sharing your quotes with us...
and thanks for YOUR RTs: Have a lovely Sunday!...
WooHoo...it's about time lady!
Enjoy!
:
yo ass wrong for not resopnding
if all the casting directors switched bodies with the homeless for just ONE day, i might start getting noticed in this city :
46.
i love the color blue
somebody come slide on me and my brogod
can we be serious?
I miss my friends and to my boyfriiend !!!!!
just had rehearsal for a public reading coming up in a couple of weeks.
Check out the details at www.appetitetheatre.com!
I'm built for more.
I can take it.
Great to see the guys with beers in their hands helping Phil look for his ball.
I'm up, haven't gone to bed yet.
And the answer is the winnipeg blue bombers of course.
WheniWasYounger, I used to think one of the golden girls was a boy O.O
Rolling Stones museum opens in German town
Getting ready for the Impossible 19th Century : ghosts, electricity, speculative fiction, and Father Mapple!
tPB has it right.
Penguins needed to add at deadline.
Prices were steep, yes, but, we need 2 veteran Dmen and a backup.
Plus a crash/bang F.
Well, you miss seeing anyone at Blockbuster LOL.
Cinci is good, I'll be back this weekend, so you better be at church!
Why choose 4M for your insurance needs?
Simple.
Because we work for you, not for the insurance company.
Don't sign anything till you call 4M
I'm so sorry!!!
That's awful!
RT : Grey's Anatomy is the greatest show ever.
Check out my exclusive hit single Pocket Full Of Money /youngbravo1 Meeting with two ARs next week!
your four square tweets are getting excessive.
superuser status?
Really?
Haha
Whoo hoo!
My favorite DWTS couple this season is safe!
Yay!
And they know who they are!
Now if my 2nd favorite couple is safe, whoo hoo 2!
15 years since B.I.G died, another event that makes me feel old.
I believe I was in Europe, getting ready for Bosnia.
LPA Video tour is a great idea, one we've been thinking about for a while.
Hope to make it happen in the new year!
Making pizzelles with the whole family :
Hey, I lost my voice the first time in my life.
Cool, cold.
Olympian talks about her snowboarding failures!
Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure Feb 26th, 9pm on
Really craving a good agua de horchata.
aw did you dedicate that to me?
You're so sweet Liban !
lol
Wait we're in a relationship but you didnt even say goodbye not even a hug what kind of bf does that!
NoLie smfh
Right up my alley: Social's Role in TV Buying.
so much going around today about consumer spending for the holidays.
Customer service is going to be key.
I say it's a krakken.
shut up hater and get ya life!!!!!!
hahahah luv ya 3
It's icy and I was on the road.
I love 4x4s!
Sometimes i cant sleep cuz im worried about what Abby from Dance Moms is up to.
Any advice?
he should be starstruck by you!
haha WHORE?!
whatchuu talkin bout B I T C H3 haha I do love you, I do.
Why are all the artist now involved in some type of scandal
Reading 'Don't Blink' by Patterson/Roughan.
They really keep a story moving and sucking me in.
Out of 371728639193 people, I'm completely content with just 1 friend.
1 soul, 1 friendship that I know is true  can count on.
: Bout to knock my second final out at 530 !
Lets go.
Minor injuries and no power for Lamar  Wiley after 23 tornados touchdown overnight.
At least 7 building damaged or destroyed.
i refuse to let anyone make a fool of me
Is a luxury caviar spread a good gift to send someone with impeccable taste?
.
when did VAN become a verb?
As in I don't Facebook, but I VAN them?
In fact, every time I see it, I throw my fist around wildly just to see how much of the snowstorm I can punch.
Working on songs for the EP and the new full length album soon.
Everything is taking a lot longer than I planned but that's okay it...
A little bummed as I realize the role in Title of Show that I fit best is...
Susan.
Wah wah.
When you are looking for a lover to solve your problems, that is the biggest problem of all.
ooh!!
There ya go!
I love a doctorstic change.
Do it!
Don't forget to visit the Hot Singles Nomination Party tonight at Ibiza to nominate yourself, or a friend, for our annual singles issue.
Four hour doctorve to see my sister : yay!
Rock on JB...
I can't wait until you guys decide to team up and fight crime.
Hosting the Justin Bieber album playback..
Scooter just played me the doctorke track.
Yeah dem next level ones...
IF YOU FOLLOW ILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!!!!!
it was a complement to 's success!
My bad!
did you you know that starships are meant to fly?
agrees with nicki minaj.
dtc354 every time i read about temporal in regards to pervasive games I have to go back and reread what it means.
what is it again?
Pilates is a safe and highly effective way to stretch, strengthen  streamline your body w/out building bulk or stressing your joints.
What you want?
Country..
lol
Thanks for the follow :
Sorry for you.
Getting the same thing.
I just smile and node.
OMG I LOVE YOUR ACTING.
ESPECIALLY IN WILD CHILD.
LOVE YOU.
PLEASE FOLLOW.
3
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the women who are single parents and getting the job done.
tired, but up
mister President, you're STILL not hearing what the people you were elected to SERVE are saying!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
4 Year old little boys these days lol......
Went to Subway today didn't know it was FreeCookieDay and didnt receive or even get offered a free cookie!!!
Is it a good story?
I'm a former Milwaukeean.
just having my amazing lunch lol
Good morning :
let me know when
Hey Nick!
You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!!
that does not deserve respect, sorry.
She makes this fan base look like absolute trash.
No need for it...
FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for LikeArt  other current shows here:
Nice one blake , you still a bitch tho
The sunshine has broken out in Rock Hill and it is so glorious!
Full on beauty!
The Creator  showing off His handiwork again!
Love it!
Thanks to all who came out last night, the patio was packed day to night!
Today we open at 10am for brunch and stay open all night
the vitamix is the most important tool in my kitchen!
I quit playing beer pong when I turned 30.
Congrats on your first TPRism Many more to come...
can u follow me so i can dm?
Its personal
yeah!
it's pretty good even though they massacre some Beatles songs
Maybe Carroll spaced it wrong, and its big new spending for the mets...?
Definitely.
Had to deal with a terrible zone.
Me: I might have a fling.
: Does he have a beard?
Me: Is that a real question?
Can't help you there.
I'm the king of fingerprints.
I can turn matte glossy, it's disgusting.
You need to be on modern family in a recurring or major role.
They don't have any blacks on the show!
RT There's a Open University vid  do you know how many miles your bottle of water traveled?
watertweets  we'll check it out!
Zarletti is closed tonight.
We are hosting a private dinner party.
Thanks for the mention my friend.
Have a Happy Thursday!
Godfearing vegetables RULE!!!
Kids...
if you eat your veggies you're a murderer...
The girl next to me in this mtg better stop click clacking away on her blackberry or I'm gonna throw it across the room
i may not see you but in my heart theres allways a picture of you.
Spend the 1st day of Spring here!
Commission votes to retain the firms of Morrison and Forrester and Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher for any post map litigation.
Grimulerrraaaa FRESH POTS!!!!!!
looking for a designer for the next shirt.
hit me up!
trying to register my car i didn't bring all the paperwork i needed /
Just got done watching lock out and that movie sucked the biggest donkey Dick ever !!!!
bet u wish u were watching bsg!
Just kidding i just like you as a friend
I'm sexy and I know it!!
Aw thanks for the RT!
May the lights of Hanukkah usher in a better world for all humankind.
My friend is in love and that makes me really happy.
I am an Epic burger judge!
Let me know if you need volunteers!
I guess my shaking is working?
too many things on tv tonight
Who would believe you did meth?
I'm sure you're not THAT cheap.
;
Replace1DSongsWithNandos that's what makes Nando's beautiful
Everybody go followw my Louisiana boyy, : he is a amazing singerr,  we r both from LA, pretty awesomme, : 3
great minds think alike!
So i decided that i wantd to go to sleep early cause im reallyreallyreally tired  ihave camp tomorrow, but then my ex decides to textme 
Happy birthday Jesus
Have a safe trip back Thank you so much for visiting the museum yesterday.
We are lucky to have you as our friend.
If he doesnt make you priority sure as hell dont let him make you just an option.
the line up is pretty good this year
Taking Fridah to the American Girl store today.
She is very excited.
Loving the look on her face.
Is thinking of the days when Soul Glo would have been a true fad...
Whoa, that's weird.
O.o
give me some VIP ill rock them lol
and then in San Fran you got Anchor, 21st Amendment, Speakeasy
Hey, I can't ALWAYS be expected to be at the top of my game..
Love my  mom's cooking !!
Always good to visit home!
!!
: Remember that every end is also a beginning.
All lanes close I64 East Bound just west of exit 167 doctorvers should exit at 159/ Gum Spring and use RT 250 East.
Thank you Nancy for your efforts in equality.
You're appreciated!
God im horny i need to fuck
Ugh I don't want to work
I am Winterhawk fan, but even I can appreciate the wonderful season and job Cal did this year.
This summer makes our third year.
U tall doctornk of water U!
; Thanks for coming to GA!
U were/are
chick corea  return to forever.
TODAYBIS FRIDAY 13th FIRST OF THIS YR.....SO I BEN HAVN BAD LUCK BFO DIS BITCH CAME ALONG!!!!!
Oh.
LOL.
Do they not sell it in your area?
FF follow this beautiful lady :D
You need me to copy the info I sent you in an email and paste it into Word doc and attach it to an email to send to you again?
What?!
you're welcome, L!
We would love to feature you in our men's section of our new women mag !!!
Have a good day!
Can I have a hug?
Stimulate your mind
me too!
it's the best meal of the year for sure.
Another beautiful winter day in Chicago: horizontal sleet and snow, patches of ice everywhere, back to freezing freaking cold.
Ugh!
You know you bad !
A day without sunshine is like, .
.
.
you know, night
haha I laugh..I did nothing to youim don't know you so there's no reason for you to hate on me.
Maxwell doctorw Johnson...
what kind of fool would name their daughter this?
Oh, Jessica Simpson.

the push to specialze does'nt pan out either.
One of my rejections basically said nobody cares abt Scottish Enlightenment Sorry Im dpressd
Game day for my team is tomorrowtoday's the nopads walkthrough.
GREgetsitdone RT : Game day.
Let's do work.
Whew!
Now I have that doginthesnow smell.......
come back!
Listening to speak and explaining how his cochlea implant worksfascinating!
What about the trivia winner?
That is so great.
Hope you all have an amazing stay and thx for introducing your peeps to Kimpton.
We love new friends!
I'd go see them if doctor doctor and Snopp Dogg toured with 3D Tupac.
, make it happen.
I had a cheeseburger and nuggets from wendy for breakfast...
LmaoBIG GIRL TWEET...LOL
So happy you could come!
Is this where we meet for the USA Women's Soccer Team Bandwagon?
My Top 6 Favorite Live Funk/Soul Bands Of AllTime: 1.
The BarKays 2.
Cameo 3.
Lakeside 4.
Slave 5.
Rick James 6.
ConFunkShun
oomf told me next year we're breaking up ..
thanks for the heads up .

When the Devil thought he won when Jesus was in Hell, he celebrated....
nothing much.
Just bored haha
follow back?
:.
LETS GO!!
Time for
don't know how I feel about the Bitchin Kitchen host.
Her accent has toned down a lot since ep 1, but still needs work...
:/
One time for the
Up early!
Wow, thxs!
MT : : /Bob really enjoyed green energy More EV doctorve, listening!
I know he just picked texans pat afc champ game
NP Perfect cover by Austin Mahone
SometimesIWonder why I never get retweeted...
thanks for calling me tan girl
sorry you got the boot mama
Really a bear at McDonalds?
Isnt it usually a clown?
When I ask you to listen to a song, its because the lyrics mean everything Im trying to say to you.
I got spam fro u lol
This is why a 16 has never beat a 1.
Looking for great places to hang out in the Belltown area of Seattle.
Anyone have any ideas?
Jackson Browne and Rob Wasserman just performed You Know The night...the full 15 minute version.
Now The Flaming Lips...
so hysterical lmfao.
when they go over there I'm sure she's gonna tell you about it lol
really....
really o.o REALLY...
okay :'D
um, I don't think that is the avatar to which I am accustomed, and I've made my thoughts on the subject clear in my bio
I been saying damn you Miami all week.
sleepy Tomorrow travel to Warsaw, another funeral.
It's killing me..
God why?
M.
Cafe Istanbul.
Oh so delicious!
this is u!
Haha RT : What starts with P and ends with ORN?
Popcorn you pervert....
google the word askew and watch what happens
you had to hear how I said it.
I mean like I thought so!
I thought it was Madonna
Tebow...I'm convinced.
Go Broncs!
guilty as charges!
I tweet for both, is that double dipping, haha!
LE
Takeaway from Bill Keller
The vision started from a universal branded debit card, say KOHL'S cards discounts, One Card for all stores, but works individual campaigns!
AdMob will be hosting doctornks after dinner in the Kasbah Suite 1 tonight.
The suite is just east of where cocktails were last night
agreed regarding the ending to ME2  the 2nd part of a Trilogy always ends with a bucket of lame.
But yes, still awesome.
There are some people that make you feel like family and those that reall are.
She's both to me FollowFriday
If you can't forget the past, think more into your future.
When preparation meets opportunity, you have Success!
Coach Herb Brooks
it still haunts me to this day of what was in that bag
death before Jack Johnson.
But trolling and sick minds go hand in hand.
I don't have time for such people or entities.
:
Male Player  Female Hoe
so cool!
Loved talking to you
I miss you too jai !
I think u should come back and visit all off ur friends :
AMAZING!
is STILL going strong !!!
12 o clock here we come
I UNDERSTAND THAT PEOPLE ARE BUYING FRIENDS  FOLLOWERS...
I WON'T KNOCK THE HUSTLE...
BUT IS IT REALLY THAT SERIOUS???
;
Fucked up my wrist...got into it wit my dad nd now I can't find my id so no school for me today.....
frowns face
Insanity Sundays just got a little bit crazier we're bringing P90X into the mix!
Check out all the madness each week at 10am!
Good morning New Orleans.
It's time to meet brought to you from
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan.
There was never a recorded Wendy before.
Today is my twoyear anniversary at The Warhol Museum.
Bad witness?
I can
U.S.A, the state of missouri:
: My relationship is like an iPad.
I dont have an iPad.
She dont like dark niggas Sounds like something i should write about
Makin eggs  bacon for  I
thank you for sharing our deal!
Nothing to do tonight...
ag!!
im trying to call u!!
can u meet me and sara at eliot by 8 por favor??
busy day tomorrow an tired as heck right now
no problem!
:
Perfect day for a BBQ  78 degrees out today in Houston.
These winters are tough.
April fools?
that beat is hot I was writing some stuff to it
Great reception to celebrate your new office.
Thanks for all the fantastic work to prep NYC kids for tomorrows opportunities!
tonight's prediction?
Thank you so much for the RT!
hahahaa!!
I've done that before, no worries!!
Reading the Godfather...geez
HEY MAL....Hope the BEAUTIFUL LADY has a BEAUTIFUL DAY in France.....!!
31 hours to the biggest celebration of DCtheatre all year...
the Helen Hayes Awards!
Follow the fun at
Good morning everyone
I haven't seen that one maybe I should
nowwatching Mary Mary on :D
Leavin on a jet plane....I don't konw when I'll be back again..leavin...
on a j.....
as in the stupid hoe best friend ?
Or my legit best friend
Don't let the joysponge ruin a good idea.
Sundoctorsses are great for the summer.
You get a nice even tan on your shoulders, etc.
Just not appropriate for work.
One more day of vacation, one more day of crappy coffee.
I miss my
So the top story in CT is...a stolen puppy.
But it was almost 1000 bucks.
Still, must be a slow day in the news.
It's gonna take me a life to get me away from you
and your my fuckin best friend i love you!!
Buying some prezzies at the Recoleta fair
Yes it has lol and I am alive!
Tick you are the true Avenger of evil, even if you are not in the movie.
When you whisper in my ear the cutes things that lights up my face with a smile 
Today Game Was Interesting10
I ate Sushi for the first time...look at me being all adventurous!
Whoever does the next libday.
Just use that tweet...
replacebandnameswithboner Cold Boner
Good seeing you yesterday bro...
Let's keep in touch!!!
Don't forget to send those masters too when you get a chance!!!
Listening to at
The fall colors are definitely popping.
Great ride back north from Illinois today.
Beautiful day!

Welcome!
Thanks for following!
I have to check out your bakery someday!
Happy Easter!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
We have a winner RT : So...Facebook has a bad product that generates 4bn.
That's bc of scale.
this is why im hot D
How about a windchill of 2?
Gonna play some basketball..need to blow off some steam.
nice!!!!!
Grim RT : Cousins doctorfted to be mister August and traded in a couple years.
Omfg my strange addiction is so fucking weird!
Those ppl need help!!!!
serious help!
Catch me in that tinted Caddy with a bitch from Cincinnati.
RT : You can't get a lot done when you only work on the days you feel good!!
Keep grinding..
Montana was replaced with the league MVP.
How is that similar?
Moving cody into the apartment today!
Big thanks to Whitehorn and
RT : Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do itDwight Eisenhow
As crude as it sounds, that'll be a great trick for my next backpacking trip.
Thanks!
big surprise the GOP news network poll has mccain as 82 winner  while every other news outlet has obama at 60 or better
you need a big game from doctorW!
you've got a face for a smile you know A shame you waste it when you're breaking me slowly But I've got a world of chances for you
So where are people staying for the conference?
?
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet?
It would mean a lot to me!!:
Haha!
If I had to choose 2 celebs it would be Miley and Demi or Demi and Carly haha ;
Girlfriend Girlfriend, I can be ur girlfriend.
I can be your girlfriend until the fucking world ends.
After 8 years I'm ready to say goodbye RT : no more mini?!
I usually recommend Sunday dinner, check out Third Ward Cafe for a great Italian meal.
Rock the Red tomorrow night!!!
Celebrate the CAPS making the playoffs tomorrow night !!!
S/O to !!
WeAreNotCoolBecause because I said so..and that's the way it is
i can tell spring break is going to be great...nothing to do feels awesome!
Please turn on Modern Family
Just met the fascinating woman
I had this great idea earlier and was going to craft a stellar tweet about it.
I lost it.
I feel like Kinsey on Madmen, season 3.
Anyone?
Don't miss Dancing Earth at the National Hispanic Cultural Center tonight and tomorrow.
Why yes, I will be playing.
Not bad.
The adults were caricatures while the kids were fully realized.
Refreshing.
not a bad monster movie at all.
I only have 4 styles of hair extensions
i only have to go to school 9 more days..

the Voice.
TT
OMG!!
finally woke up:
heck yes
WOW!
You need to be on this call 6465195860 Code: 64630
Just the opposite...it makes me want to Creative Commonsify everything.
Stealing is harder when you already gave it away.
And at what age will you start writing screenplays?
The production of the show was great.
He really puts on a full show.
I saw him in Miami, Jacksonville and Orlando.
Don't believe everything a lawn guy tells you
BrandCOS Doug Price says: People in Colorado Springs are tired of being branded by the national media.
We want to go on the offense.
villain.
bring them in, show them the truth
The people are really what make Ball State special  will miss you seniors!
I'm gonna die on this ride..
Ohio Beauty Institute Change Your Career in Less Than 1 Year at the Aveda Beauty Institute!
I didn't realize that part...
Makes the 'did have a great time' a no brainer...
I can't believe is missing this...
Hey I sent u that email
Security Recruitment services
thanks lady
Over it and done
wired 3 cups of coffee and I couldn't sleep if I wanted to.
RIP MCA.
So sad.
Lazy afternoon...Uggh, somebody wake me up!
Hope you enjoyed the video Susan!
not yet.
i know im taking a chance but i may not
frustrated by folks' unwillingness to do what's needed for work...
if you want it work for it.
don't EXPECT  do nothing!
I'm trying to help
it was an HONOR to doctorve home today
wtfwasyouthinking with that bad ass english!
it should be WERE
Took a class in college, just now getting back into it!
Less vs.
Fewer.
Learn the difference advertising copywriters.
Michael Jackson's kids look EXACTLY like him.
Spitting image, am I right?
What's with eedition?
Why should print subscribers have 2 pay extra?
Use the New Yorker model  offer it to us for free!
artichokes for breakfast : yum!
Every time I hire bloggers I receive 90 irrelevant pitches.
Please tailor your pitch to the posting.
Don't waste my time and patience.
thank you.
Just reading it in the LLE systems operations manual lol
happy mothers day to my mom and all the moms out there!
I dont know where I'd be without her
Welcome to your new home Birk.
So happy to have you here in Baltimore.
You will love it.
What's everyone doing after Whitney's funeral?
I'm going to be performing with Ladies  Gentlemen at 7pm!
Special guest: Gnther.
worst day of my life....
btw this isnt my account luz made it and me,mindy and her share it;
Am I good enough for my crush?
Boy meets world marathon...Yup!
Thank you for the hit
I DVR everything that I watch now.
I don't do commercials.
amazing night 
you sure
how have you been
Ah.
Well.
Go your team
RETWEET FOR A S/O
US will invest in Bengal, says Mamata
I will but am really go n out ther to do music
Anyone else think the DCdelegates DNC ballot is a hot mess?
There will so many DQ'ed ballots.
Plus it's gonna rain.
It will be a mess!
is grateful that UW puts spare tires in their fleet cars.
Now, how about a lug wrench?
one day  ill be doctorving to wisconsin
cleanin my room and blasting the music :
If I hear the phrase wheelhouse one more f'n time
Of Course :L
they were saying last night that St.
Louis was closer to KY than ATL 
George Hill scored last 9 pts for Pacers.
lol I'm trying
claims he is still a hockey player after winning the
Joking; pointing out that you'll need tax breaks like big developers RT : I never make campaign contributions.
Every breath, Every hour has come to this, One step closer.
I could live a happy and fulfilling life off of cheez its and sweet tea
I could Never stay Mad at You
Love and Lust; dont confuse the two.
ellie is so unattractive
playing Spec Ops the line demo i realized is the kevin bacon of the nerd universe.linked to many games epic toons!
Most people give up without realizing they almost made it, you've gotten this far so don't give up!!
Thank you so much for the RT!
Glad you enjoyed the content
Chicago, you were great.
Right back 'atcha!
FF Follow to stay up to date with great advice, research, and offerings from EDUCAUSE!
now following this kiddo
RT : An amazing view of Santiago Calatravas addition to the Milwaukee Art Museum, ...
ZAGAT
i need to find some more mahomies to follow :
How much of an adjustment has the NFL been for Tyrell, particularly now that he returns kicks?
He had 1 kick return at NU.
TwitterPause i'll be back in a moment :
On a brighter note I have never felt more clean.
Best shower ever
The only other people to knife a guy in his first term were fictional pariahs that put someone in a coma
thanks for willing the score to 20...even if it was for only 38 seconds!
Bring on the Devils!
I love the hats!
And I love old lady doctorsses!
Just wondering why?
Why both old lady doctorss and big hats but no makeup?
Only allwd 2 out of3?
: Dear Parents, You should be nice to your kids, were the ones who choose which nursing home you go into.
for a moment I thought I'd see a pic of the 2 fat ladies adding more butter :
check your DMs!!
Won't be at red rooster tonight due to cold
If you have to learn to pick yourself up by the bootstraps, you better have some nice biceps when you're done
at least you have a great golf outfit!
the person who actually does the crime on law  order is usually a weirdo, a nerd, or a serial killer.
Charging my phone at the movies.
I feel at home.
Encourage them to offer opinions/groupthink.
Or join some who do.
May be hard cuz they're friends, but its your edu 2
how much are tickets now that the venue has changed???
I don't believe you can.
Last I knew, it was in some sort of order in which you followed them.
you can even check my old twitter and it says my name
thinking about facebook as site of folk knowledge.
The Library of Congress adds 10,000 new items to its collections each DAY!
Happy National Library Week!
Sometimes I like to pretend you guys are real.
truth but once you get it all out there and your over it, it'll make your bond that much stronger
w I always feel like I miss out when I leave.
Way to go Priya, for once he doesn't look like a mannequin in the little boys department.
Penny
Bought a bunny for Easter, but then I got way too stoned and ate all the chocolate before I could pour it on the little fucker.
trick or treater had a BOB SANDERS w/cruch and FAVRE w/sling on!
LMAO
yuck no smacking of food while u eat
I know you like coffee come and experience latte upon opening follow me to find out when and where
Had a great time volunteering with :
Just because is wary of capitalists and motherhood is no reason to imply he isn't still a
yuppers!!
Still no treadmill in my damn apt!
But 2 ellipitcals!
Loving so far?
Let's make it better with food pairing tomorrow at 7.
13 hours to go till game time CWO
Seth is right.
So many tools for journaling and curatingbut is your art worthy of preservation?
I need a massagee!!
I'll be far worse than last time u saw me play, remember I've been skating in a league of Craig's for the last 4 1/2 years!!
Blowing down with two white girls 3
RT : Buy Ohio, Feed Ohio is back!
We donate 10 from the sale of 75 Ohio items to the MidOhio Foodbank between now  12/31....
The US Attorney in Louisiana has just been informed that the Saints GM could listen to opposing teams in their lockeroom from 200204.
RT : So how were the gummy bears?
PRSMS  Who wants to let know how the snacks were?
Whatever you do...
Don't put a Hershey's Kiss in your jeans pocket, play doctorms for 2 hours, and then forget about the Hershey's Kiss.
No.
Thank you for listening.
BMSPF33's up!
SHE MOVES SO EASILY
At childoctorn's hospital yay :
Actually my doctor said I should try  go tomorrow and she said im not contagious.
But yeah only if I feel up to it
of course.
That's what we pride ourselves on.
Life is, more than anything, trash cans sitting in the last open parking spot.
I can love Alex too
Taylor Gang or have Steph Curry ankles.
I just heard if I could do it again on my iPhone and thought about you!!
Hope you are doing great!
Miss ya!
it was a little bit of a shock at first but nothing can prepare you for NYC haha.
Sure I'd show you around.
Another year is wrapping up, reminding us that providing our Eastside residents with a place to call home, and a community of which to...
I swear this summer will be big for me.
o awesome pic!
Forgot to mention this in the press conference, but we will not be playing with nor have a defense.
Useless since we'll score every time.
I'm up
RT : Woo, Go Roxanne!
:
Grandma cooked gumbo
Everybody wake up!
Subconsciously, I feel inept at anything as it may seem doubtful.
When you change for the better, some niggas stop coming around.
Keep the fucking ball out of Tony Allen's hands.
Morons.
Um, please take mister Magorium off of my pillows?
See you then!!!
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
such an inspirational quote.
Me: why do you keep so much money in your desk at school?
mister Russo: to buy weed
because of Caillou!
I just wanted too see you today...
Was hoping to not have to say the same 3 words I've said for 37 yrs now but Maybe Next Year
2 more to 200!!!
: Help us findacure and follow us!
Do it for :
Happy New Year Everyone!
School.
sleepy from watching harry potter all weekend.
Thanks.
Really enjoyed it, esp hearing about your childhood.
instead i need to mindlessly memorize shit only to later forget it and then memorize it again
As much as I hate sand being in everything I own....I can't complain....:
Sometimes I wish I could give this woman a piece of my mind !!!
Welcome!
RT OH: Man, I think it's an adventure if I can match my socks in the morning.
shaman syndoctorme
Its always a sad moment when you finish the last of the Thanksgiving leftovers
no problem, bryan!
that's what's buddies are for!
Welcome!
Thanks for the support!
Best of luck to you!
Look forward to seeing you on the feed!
: A lot of people are finally realizing that ESPN is completely worthless.
I stopped caring about ESPN when they doctorpped the NHL.
I hear ya.
There will NEVER be a constitutional amendment that will be ratified.
States, another story
Wow.
52.
And another thoroughly Theo goal.
Loving this.
Just loving it.
Karma, you diving cheater Bale
happy gobble gobble :
I haven't seen it yet!
The eyes wont hide what the lips wont say
wats so good bout tha shirt....swag??
haha I know I know.
Baby i hear melodies when your heart beats.
watching NEVER SAY NEVER!
everytime i watch it i feel so inspired!
makes me realize he is a reg.
kid living his doctoram!
at any rate the us is seeking jail time, they don't want to make him a martyr, it will only fuel the fire
Of course the one day i need to be 100 im sick
had a awesome day
can you say polynomic to a lawmaker?
Carter Butts  I can say it to anyone!
Healthy academic debate  love it!
Kaleidoscope adds more TVs to their patio and now has NFL Sunday ticket.
Could be a dangerous combo...
Tonight is Kids Night with 99 Kids Meal and FREE minipumpkins to decorate at all Colorado Applebees!
In the mood for ramen and i have none v.v
I don't know how to be fine when I'm not.
we at right meow, not sure where we headin after
well I'm all yours then stud!
of course i will check out bubblegumboy because it is a great song and you are a great person : 
My nuts is hot
Seriously!!
On a different note, are going to the beach house on MemorialDay?
so glad my sister is going to an all girls catholic school next semester
amel larrieux and because is sholl needed them today.
and they came through
funmath Great tweets from today's K2 teachers re: Teaching StudentCentered Mathematics!
Educators...
RT ur favorite!
:
is going to teach Paul Robeson's My Answer as part of a job interview tomorrow.
Should be a blast.
Black Gold for the Conscious Movie this month...
good opportunity to invite my baristas!
50 Boxwire Skybox Plan!
Spread the word, save 50 off any plan!
For a Limited Time!
Discount Code: BOX2011
these headphones are a piece of shit
I wish I was sleeping :
RT Sorry but if a pisces is in love with you then we CANT SETTLE FOR BEING FRIENDS
ugh me too.
NOT a good look.
Get a UHaul!
I'll take over!!
How much?
AmericanDad may be the meanest show I've ever seen
was just there....place was insane....tonight will be off the calbert
haha very impressed that u recognized it
I was there.
I'm in DC, a few blocks from the White House.
I was worried it was something much worse...
Fun with girls tonight!
If you have any winter storm photos you'd like to share, we'd love to see them!
Either post them here or tag us in the photo!
Busy busy week coming up soon.
Everything is happening so fast.
holyshit how did u know
just today?!
your always adorable!!!
RT : We are excited 2 announce the website 4 the Model Systems Knowledge Translation Center is now live!...
to testify next.
We got to see one of the best shows at SXSW...
of followed by be sure to check these kids out
Thanks for sharing the link to my survey!
I appreciate it very much.
good strategy!
would also make a good doctornking game, if I were to, u know, play those things...
;
How is life treating my dear friends?
yea..being the nice guy never works
Bummed i'm not in Hollywood at the House of Blues supporting my boys.
Good thing i'll see em on Dec 11 :
Oklahomans should be embarrassed to allow to win their primary.
Guess they want to live in a theocracy?
Kick ass job Eagle Creek  Castelton Boot Campers this morning!
don't forget about the Sat/9am/5 bucks class!
Im hoping longerform storytelling and serialization are experimented with
win me over3
GRAND OPENING TONIGHT!!!
Come check out The Belmont Tavern for our Grand Opening just in time for the 1st Jazz in the Park of the season!!
Ouch!
Selfishly glad you forgot about that.
: Awesome hanging w you and !
Tune in tonight to 's Fri.
Night Flava hosted by CLo!
Dope mixes from your fav DJ's.
The official start to your weekend!
What happens when you get access to cable TV?
You watch old, terrible movies on BET like Hot Boyz starring Master P.
Don't buy COKE!
Democrats needs there fraud votes!
Don't buy COKE!
Democrats needs there fraud votes!
This COKE tastes great DemDirtBags!
Has anyone jail broke their iPhone?
high five!
High 5ing al the fans on the way out who are you, ?
Lunch with lo !
To become the best, you have to go against the best.
RT : We need to figure out how to circulate apps or we39;ll be where we are with ebooks
shit, is that tonight?
I thought I couldn't make it, but then my plans for tonight got cancelled.
Getting ready for DIRTYCASH tonight Rumor has it Mo may spin the new Malik Work single!!!
Just listened to the last StitchIt podcast by .
Little sad, but best of luck to you Meghan.
aaaaacckkkkk : Four minutes to glory.
cf97
It is so beautiful outside!
Who wants to go lay under the stars with me?
lol
ff I would feel honored to be followed by you to also
Today at Eagle Creek Park: Get into the spirit of the season by making ornaments with natural material.
4
Be sure to follow my iPhone game !
I hate how my retail job is consuming most of my life.
I need to make more money NOW but with something else.
Maybe I should rephrase  what about during the reception?
I've done that with other guests.
Or I think I have...
so its been good?
There's this program that you get to help people out.
We're training down town in a 5 star hotel.
Oh how i love perks!
lol!!!!!
lol its funny to hear someone say its mot you, its me
Going home to study for my test  hopefully I don't get yelled at for no reason again...I really don't need it.
Not tonight, not any night.
Ikr!
If you hear any reasons, tell me!
Hey Gurlz I Love The Song Skyscrapper Also My Friend GRANDerICONiac She Has It on Replay Lol Great Job:
You got beef bro?!
nah man I'm a vegetarian...
I tried to install your forums plugin and I can't get past some error  app/models/behaviors/utils.sluggable.php
Woo Hoo!
One of the world's top Global 2000 Advertisers now has Meteor's Tag  Trace engine deployed on their entire site!
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
KSsynapse will discuss the mechanism underlying fastacting antidepressant effects of Special K.
Stephanie Mandela is fantastic asset to Katonah Village Library.
I thought she was misterbut wld also like tooth fairy!
Wow...Florence should have at least made that call tough for the ref to make...
did u try soccer.com?
I miss my sweet boyfriend Tuesday cannot come soon enough.
Listening to Doyle Bramhall Fitchburg Street CD and celebrating a great artists music.
What soul!!
RIP Doyle.
your welcome.
Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.

the 1st is really only appropriate during readings/workshops/previews.
wish we could of stayed...
not too bad, Kimberly, how have you been?
Yea, we actually did live shots there a few months ago.
It's a great place!
You should follow me???:
I added email on site for Sencha Touch 2, Free Commercial Version, but didn't get email w/ link.
Open Source version download fine.
Bout to ball hard at LA Fitness with the bros
Can anyone connect me with an individual who is capable of creating an animated How It Works video?
I'm only saying what all the ladies were already thinking!
Right?
Don't you think they'll have sandwiches on the menu?
:
We Need To Go See Sexy Ass Gino!!!
Up At Euclid Creek!!!
RT : Remember this about naps.
They always get the last laugh.
how is that possible?
:
One of the players got knocked down ctfu
One of these days we should grab dinner, neighbor.
So...what happens when you when you didn't win the lottery but already quit your job...
Oo
add cardio exercise daily : body trying 2 eliminate toxicity, cardio speeds tht up, endorphins make u feel amazing :
How about that Dark Knight Rises trailer before the Avengers yesterday?
School Health Day  the Capitol!!
150 SBHC supporters going to inform and educate their Legislators!!
First day of nursing school!
Feeling pretty anxious...
FYI  Jordan Swagerty had Tommy John surgery this month.
I doubt he's considered one of STL's top prospects.
I suspect you are a good guy Tamcdonald!
nascar today : then my birthday : should be one great weekend hope kevin can win for my birthday let go
Sweet!
Let's chat soon, I want to get a list of people who can participate.
In giving control, creating leaders, most difficult thing is to resist our own instinct to take control.
beating that is greatest
laa laa laa.
i wanna go to the zoo.
theres a special going on, and my parents won't take me..
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ??
People not following Come on guys/girls This group is amazing!!
Free muffins to ppl that follow ;
Theres no better lesson for kids to learn than to know they can rise to a challenge.
Hello, SalonRepublic!
You are so quiet on Mondays, but we meet again anyway to rub down weekendweary clients!
well let's all go tonight!
: peanutbutterandbanana :
Is it me or do certain gay men act unappreciative.
I mean...
Last time I checked.
Your in Texas and I'm in Jersey.
What do I have to proove?
Any battlenations players who will let me occupy for BARS??
Help!
Rise and shine, campers!
Yes, Mars Apollo wld be grt.
But issues cited with roboastrnts are inherent to Mars mission feasibility.
Mane I dont care what anybody says
: NHL has hired Sully Sullenberger to pilot the media charter fight, MSG to the Rock.
Seat belts, swim trunks.
Thank you to Destiny's Child for rescuing this episode of Glee.
What's the point of being honest with someone if they don't believe you?
Time to get ready to go to bodybuilding!
WorkOutWednesday starts now.
If you love PopPunk be sure to check out our boys in The Fight Night!
Chicago PopPunk at its finest
come to our show when we play in seattle?
I'll give you a big hug and a Kiss even though we've never met.
Some junks should stay in their harbor
while his wife is in Denver, and Smith is leaving SF to go to Miami, so is Tim Tebow and Matt Flynn.
I GOT U
just the names not the meanings.
iM HUNGRY!
WiSH S0MEB0DY W0ULD BRiNG ME S0ME CHiCKEN WiNGS!
: /
Kloppenburg to announce decision on whether to concede Sup.
Ct.
race today at 11:00 or request judicial review of recount results
Is there an easy way to ff from your list from an iPhone?
I know I miss people that I want to include.
I love you all!
thx James!
Happy Friday
I hate when people say volleyball isn't a sport.
I would guess we could tell the client that it is naughty word.
Seems to work with my son for a while.
THIS NUMBER IS FOLLOWING ME!
.!.
sounds like a winner to me!
I'm great with dogs...
horrible with babies..
and women lol
Working from home the next 2 days which is nice since the weather sucks.
This.
Is.
Hilarious.
Thanks for the quote!
like u rent movies from a machine
Ross  OldBay is SO 70's.
You need to use JO Seasoning
Uh oh, : RT : It's true.
We'll accept  at all stores starting Nov.
1!
Why do I think 'Weebles wobble but they don't fall down every time I see the word Wobblies?
Undisputed sultan of steals, king of the lucky WS earflap cap; sending a virtual round of wawa iced tea your way boss!
One Disney character?
I'm going to have several  eight whole sprites on the C64!
First attempt at a tapeless foot today.
Next week the boot comes off!
I haven't.
But will check it out.
What is the impact of your writing?
Can be viewed by some, or can go viral.
Try different avenues for publication.
Want to get home and start playing guitar
of course!
I chase perfection
I saw the show tonight on speed.
You are hilarious!
Keep it up, can't wait for the season to start.
unsure why that picture is tagged in your tease about child porn...
First Day Riding in Viet Nam  One World Bike Thailand
Haha I wish!
It's just my way of greeting you.
Meant to say it in a British accent though :
doctorve by assembly earlier to see hundoctords of people waiting to welcome home our team...
Love iubb proud to be a hoosier
Can't say that I do either, sorry.
Every time they show the fans behind home plate I'm looking for that dude who's reading a book.
Yankees at
Going to the new BBQ place up the street  will report back.
A book is to me like a hat or coat  a very uncomfortable thing until the newness has been worn off.
Charles B.
Fairbanks
x.x muri
thanks for being my 4,000th follower!
Thanks so much Allie: !!
dude so excited right now haha
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Nothing like cigarets and McDonalds on a cool winter day.
Really feeling totally bad this morning.
Hoping that a handful of tweets helps.
You have to be able to face the uncertain.
When you lack selfconfidence you never take that first step.
And you end up stuck.
Yeah.
Hop off herWAIT WHAT
Good things happening at Bedoctorck Lending.
Keep your eyes on our tweets.
I know you're hearts been broken, but don't you give up.
I'll be there yeah I know it, to fix you with love.
A realization.
With a sinister smile, he quickly vanishes down the alley, recounts , Leonardo exclaims: Fantomas?!!
WSM just played a snippit of Too Much Time
Wish I was on the plane with and her team for headed to Rwanda again.
How I love that place!
so how do we win?
Should be blogging watching Scandal instead.
feel better!
I love that movie.
hey tiff whats going on tonight.
I kind of want to get out.
Yeah I like that haha :
Hey buddy which weekend in March are you coming?
My dads going to Scotland this Thurs for 2 weeks.
Hope we can hang out soon!
so you'd like to work in law enforcement?
i need some sun glasses to feel sexy when i go to the beach.
Not supposed to as of now, so we shall see!
I hate sitting in the front
Inherit the Wind.
Avon High School.
7:00 PM.
5 bucks.
Last chance!
who's promoting today
ha ha Not doctormatic about it at all!
I've learned a lot about bat technology in the last hour.
Some feedback: Hybrid bats are no longer the best, per se.
goodnight robert!
onion rings!
onion rings!
onion rings!
cock!
Maybe takeout and Star Trek/Princess Bride/Young Victoria?
Are his eyes just as pretty and blue in person??
I'll be right over :
Going bowling with my Baby!!!
Someone please tell Jimmy Iovine to doctorss his age.
There.
I said it.
tell him to deal.
It's happening
Any boy can get a girl, it takes a man to keep one!
A huge thanks to Chris Carter for an amazing show tonight and thanks to those who came out!
Second Semester TipOff at the Rec tomorrow
SUCH a beautiful day outside!
taco time was closed today........please explain..
If I can ever learn how to fold a fitted sheet, I will consider my life to be a successful one.
I'm Not Buying Celebrities No MF Gift 1.They Richer Than Me 2.They Dont Need It  3.My Love/Support Is All They Need
i miss you already!
I wore a military coat with two pistols and a bowie knife prominently displayed in my red sash.
It was quite a sight, I am sure.
Excited for 's big announcement.
My hopes: either he's running for president or he now recommends value funds, not growth...
The show goes on
hwhehe yes it is 
wow my bitch, that cool....
funny!
how did the pizza taste?
Results are in!
New name is RogersTHAT.
New pic coming too.
But don't worry, still same SUPER smile!
You know what say it is.
.
.
Twitter day!
Follow me
I am officially jealous of 's Hawaii pictures.
My lesson 4 the day.
Can't put out muddled expectations  not expect doctorma in return.
Universe needs clear intentions to deliver clarity.
Ok so parents better get their kids!!
Leaving gym 910 yr olds flirting!
Lawd I could be your mom..where's the respect?
I would have!
I used to be kind of addicted to those in that I would walk to the corner gas station at midnight to get some.
Dislike 's new ad campaign.
They can't come up with something more engaging  creative than press conferences with 'real' people?!
The Big Big Party Super Bowl Weekend
o.O GASP .!
Why Would You Say That .?
you sure?
I'm sure, stacy's sure, holly's sure
Congratulations !
Guess I'll be watching americasgottalent now.
...I think if you find them, that is considered justifiable homicide in at least 15 states.
thanks for the follow hun!
thanks!
And thanks for RTing.
Fuck I'm about to start exercising so much.
Jerry, which location did you visit?
We definitely want to hear more and make this right.
Please DM us your email addoctorss.
Thx!
if anyone could find my hobo closet it would be ..although he would probably just pee on it
things are getting crazy im so stressed!
oh it's being seen
Today is a new day, turn over a new leaf, don't hold grudges, focus energy on work, school, family  live life to the fullest.

you crazy thats to funny
What are your predictions for today's New Hampshire primary?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Honestly, at the end of the day there is nothing like a Black Woman.
right now on nbc Today Show reports on ChicagoBears DE Israel Idonije supporting local students
: So sad, yet so true, but we must all admit, on Twitter talking to strangers is all we do...
Come celebrate Easter outside in downtown Tampa with  .
Foodtrucks, Easter eggs, concerts  a message of hope!
congratulations to you too darlings!!!
hey sorry been inactive on here.
We've actually used one similar in the past, we'll try it out again this spring :
John Kerry must have tried to take away Biden's toy before the
A girl shouldn't have to rely on her boyfriend to feel beautiful.
Firstever bass expo offers anglers another chance to reel in some deals
retweeting  my mind is blown
I'm preparing to work at a lingerie shop I have the best advice
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
You  planes, you have no luck!
Better just get famous and charter a private jet.
No smells, no babies, and fewer layovers!
:P
I feel sick
blogs, twitter, facebook..using all together can add up to a working content ecosystem with major payout for brands.
U look great bro...lost tons of weight...I am trying to lose 30 lbs...any tips?
I'd adore you!
What follows are four ways to get that done
so well..
peace out
3rd time I saw the Gulliver's Travels car commercial with little people cleaning, and I still don't get the joke.
I must be slow.
When u declare support 4 samesex marriage, pls also cont supporting other forms of legal unions.
Not ever1 wants to marry.
Skipped religion today.
First time in like two months..
I feel bad, but theatre for social change is DEF more important.
Goal of the course not to teach programming: because it's a humanities course, not a computer science course.
Nice to see at nascio11a.
I don't agree with all of his opinions but admire his candor and thoughtfulness on
will appriciate this.
RT : A Libra may look normal on the outside but inside they are strange.
getting up at 7 in florida was easy.
i don't get why it's so hard here
That was an awesome 5 minutes of OT hockey.
LMFAO I live it.
I need to be careful though or I'll start doing it for real.
That would be to bad too do.
Intoxicated by The Element.
Likewise!
And I'm glad you recognize that it was God.
He kept you here for a reason.
Find out and fulfill your divine purpose.
Ohh yeah is following me ; Ice Ice Baby
Life sucks without the one you love.
March Madness is turning me into a Twitter fiend.
I may even tweet twice today.
follow back?:
Apathy or Boredom??!!??
Pretty sure Im bored!!!
UUGH
well...most guys are butt guys...?
lol!
;
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter!
Thanks from the bottom of our heart!
Lol
autotune?
RT : What do , and have in common?
you two back together?
You know you are completely out of it when you leave your cell phone at home.
uh oh, they are taking your headline : RT Dj VCU!
Different year, same Shaka Smart, just messing up brackets.
Alex and Jack are so funny
hahaha, this is my real last tweet of the night, just for 11:11 : goodnite everyone!
I dislike getting on a smelly elevator
Got an awesome adjustment from feeling great!
If you are in LA you MUST see him!
Telling the truth and making some cry, is better than telling a lie and seeing them smile.
UGH!
SCHOOL!
HATE IT!
HATE IT!
HATE IT!
Day 4 still no power!
Good for you for fighting for your rights!
I'm so sorry you have to go through this.
Praying 4 U!
Tomorrow's history lesson....
Mussolini and the Rise of Fascism....
why am I so excited???
thanks for the RT today!
a little.
I got three more prescribed meds.
My leg still hurts I'm still a mess
Next time you make breakfast brew, let me know!
I'm not a coffee person, but turns out I'm a beer person!
this winter has just been way to long
welcome to Indy, now that make 4 Lions/Spartans fans in this state.
Happy Mothers Day...
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Napoleon Hill
Not in a sleeping mood?
See me today on LRW at 12 at night : Mama Dearest Russian Dolls
aha homework sucks!
Lisening to eminem,
obama sucks balls chris
My head hurts.
Waaaahhhh.
anybody have a bed  breakfast/hotel rec in san clemente?
It was such an honor getting to meet and her team!
Her design studio was filled with such beautiful things!
Me and Aubri on chill mode
Now your just somebody that i use to know.
NYC here we come!
The link is NOT working!
Babysitting a monster...
takeanap please
RT : Three themes: Automation, Big Data, Rationalization
Over and back last night in the rain.
Cars on the bridge were at a dead stop  must have been thinking .
who is that idiot on the water
better than in front of the library?!
go follow him
Someone leave me a message.
i'd like to know if anyone is even looking at my page...Thanks ken
Ryan Braun's HRs should be in the sctop10.
Especially the 2nd one where the guy with the sling caught it onehanded.
I appreciate the continuous prayers  thoughts!
Thank you and for an amazing Casino Night at !
Glad to be a part of it.
when people guilt me into sht ...
thanks a lot ...
yeah who was tweeting last night elliot...
Little Danny just did a 6 to midnight.
Follow Friday is serious business.
New ./ poll shows that 80 if those working for cbs and the nytimes couldn't stop laughing at the last cbs/nytimes poll
so what we gonna eat??
: How's this for destruction of shareholder value: Kodak in 1997 had market value of 30bln.
Today, 120mln and shrinking.
First day at planet fitness tomorrow :D Gettin ready for the summer I am :
You're like, really pretty.
you and Billy C.
Come see The Mind Creatures Wednesday 9/28/11 at The Earl in East Atlanta!
I can't believe you put this on Twitter!
That makes me look crazy!
Haha.Taylor, I didn't cut myself!
It's a beautiful day in San Diego Downtown!
Come by sit on our sunny/dog friendly patio, and enjoy a tasty torta.
Provecho!
Those people that you just wanna slap so bad 
Dont make me wait!
You do know there are lots of movies and tv shows on there.
And a free book a month.
Bearcats lost the first game vs McLennan 51 and lost the second game 146.
Thank you to all the fans that came out to support the team.
that's whats up!
Thanks for showing the love!
u suck :p
diving deep into a grounded theory project.
feels goo.....
congrats dude, it's an awesome feeling.
lol sorry, I didn't see that mention!!!
And I do like Nicki, but I just was really busy when that album came out
Yes.
I'll image entire doctorve on extHD  backup server alone, too, along w/my MS ADP front end.
Sensitive data, so will encrypt
Lots of great book/librarian related bling on Pinterest...
Hi Veronica!
Thx for the question.
We cant make guarantees of car locations unless your tenant makes a reservation.
DM us!
Worked on my redesign today.
What did I get done?
I kerned the title.
slowredesign On the upside, lettering.js  kern.js are awesome.
Sexy Halloween costumes can showcase your daring and fun side
we need a song bro.
OH!!!
I got it..
Crazy Car by NBB ;D
Thanks for the follow!
Singledom is a great opportunity for selftranscendence and meeting someone exceptional.
I wanna go get another haircut :o
I think May 14th or 15th but I'll make sure for you.
What the hell are you doin this is the WorldSeries u sould quit smokin the dank before you pitch in the game.
Str8 Dumb Ass
HAHA, DYINGG.
Thank god your tweets are protected right now.
On the road again
Good morning babies!
Happy National Coffee Day.
Coffee is like the Force: it surrounds us, binds us and if u hav enough u can kill people with mind bullets.
I said to him I tell u this everytime he said yeah and you almost get smack everytime bt I gota stop and think this kassandoctor I'll let it go
I am so busy.
But not too busy for you!
Didn't know that.
Is that true?
Hi !
See you in the morning, pretty lady.
That is all.
Have a great time here.
This is the point in the game where UVA chips away at the lead to tie the game and fans' hopes flutter bfore losing by 3 in the final 10 sec
WTF.
Just got a huge timeline full of  and they are like...
retweeting each other.
WTF.
About to unfollow...
ifpokemonwasreal I would be like the worst trainer ever
yeah he got hacked!!
Got one 5 min ago but he's right here, doctorving.
Lol
i love you!
please follow me, im a smiler for lifee!
Who was that up before taylor swift?
Abrams, how do we align?
If everything works out, I will have the opportunity to hire one eLearning developer in Pittsburgh.
I will post the link when I know.
Hey bearded bandanna boy!
You might want to consider washing those Tevas every once in a while!
Sure, that would be great!
Come and grab me anytime.
I will join the eMarketing  Mobile Track tomorrow
Really pissed off Rite now
DUB Locks music video in the making!
I think battle of the GPAs will be if plays Stanford.
PS, I liked your top yesterday, very vibrant.
Where to, madam?
RT : .
take me away!
This shit is for the birds.
i love you babe 33
RT Leo's are probably the most loving and caring out of all the signs, but do them wrong and they'll do the same to you x10.
It's always nice to find other fans at work.
And it's even better to hear them shout GoKings as I walk away.
:
Let's go !
Take a break from it all and get some rest, my friend
Life is one big road with lots of signs.
So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind.
Flee from hate, mischief and jealo
What is up with traffic on Sunday morning?!
What we call the beginning is often the end and to make an end is to make a beginning  ts Elliot happy new year everyone
I don't know, it disappeared one night.
Batanga summer 2007 when LPC24 won first place at the stroll competition!!
Great times!
Down at Bracken County High School performing the never ending PR hustle.
The river looked fantastic!
On the water this weekend for sure.
Metta World Peace isn't suspended 7 games, but Ron Artest is.
FF for great dining out info in NOVA!
yes they do
I checked him out, he's totes got a foot/shoe/leg fetish.
Google doctorve Terms of Use seem to grant Google a license to use useruploaded content.
doctorpBox may have less to fear than suspected.
Understating Your Kitchen Remodeling Budget......go to www.blackforestremodelingandtile.blogspot.com January Specials Available!
Movie no.
3 has begun, Step Brothers
Last week of school.
Can't wait for Friday to get here.
i lied nevermind but r u legit ?
like r u serios!
Ugh gotta get up early for work
is a G always!
Hahaha
My little sister is probably the biggest brat ever.
your welcome
If you WAGER 200 or more in one of our SB's for the KD, you will receive an Entry into Next Year's KD R/T for 4 Contest.
Just email info!
Moddleschoolmemories The 2 boys who bullied me:/
Finished the first season of in a late night  afternoon marathon.
Absolutely fantastic.
Whats good fam!
It's ruckus from follow back and let me kno what I can do for u!
Leg.
Today at 630: Senate passes cracker bill, with House filling vacancies plus report on succession resolution
Hope Bojangles enjoys all that free press I got them today.
They should thank me by giving me FREE BOBERRY BISCUITS 4 LIFE!
Two words: Mad Men!
Looking fwd to the premiere of my new score, Needles in My Flesh, commissioned for bassist/singer Kalina Goudeva, in Copenhagen next month!
Get a few shots off today.
Take some video of someone or something approaching.
Keep that camera steady.
Wow!
Yep, they all had the black sharpie
Did i really just download a torrent at 5 megs a second at work...wow
I either want a yellow fiesta or a new focus.
They're so cute and good on gas.
:
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one''s attitude in any given set of circumstances.Victor Frankl
RT : Need a change of scenery from your doctorb office?
Work for free at this MonFri!
With a mermaid!
I JUST SAW 1D!!!!
NIALL WAVED!!!
Geeking that i got a job
Fiona Apple tickets...MINE!
Yeah!
We love your attitude!
We all definitely need tot keep that confidence in ourselves or we will undoubtedly fail :
Marriage equality bill to be debated by the full House tomorrow.
Omg n his ghetto ass mama calln my phone startn shit.
Another reason I'm glad my bf went home lol
Good and you?
Women tend to compromise when negotiating,don't give up to much of what u want when negotiating : w/ womnegotiators,
So nice to meet you today!
Hope you enjoyed lunch.
Okay..
really going to run now.
Later!
Masterbuilderz on Groupon!
Just hit last night!!!
re: Pink Floyd.
I've been DVRing Fallons show all week.
The Shins  Foo Fighters were really good.
Glad to see you on twitter Ann.
Hope all is well.
Agreed Sony has stepped it up, yet If you ever shoot L series glass on a full frame sensor, there's no comparison.
slow laptop
actually that's.
A great idea.
For motivation
TY...very well!
10 yrs now.
I hope the same for you!
When you're able to love yourself, you can love others.
Because you've learned to love someone the way s/he is.
thanks you so much!
That means a lot to us.
Check back in a couple days for the site!
My main focus, trying to figure out how to reach more customers in a very limited market.
Cafe is in private retirement community.
Hm?????
Be sure to check out tomorrow's for a special little something from us!
Time for school :
KeaMoe?
Who is that?
I think it's really blows that Northwestern isn't on TV here in Chicago today.
HoMe AlOnE
Love it when we can have live music at our sessions!
I honestly have no idea.
I just got contributor copy yesterday.
Doesn't indicate there will be on site, and that's all info I have.
back in action after a long and lovely weekend and looking for rails developers!
Playing Fontana's tonight at 7:30pm in NY.
Please do!
Thanks!
yo, cuz, what's she doing here?
Nothing like a rocking show to put ya in good mood!!
This class with be the death of me
I can't believe is at a Jewel in Chicago at this very moment!
Pretty mindblowing!
oh no!!
Be safe.
Take the frog suit with you.
I haven't seen these yet.
Will definitely be on the lookout.
yum.
looks great!
age is just a number
I do mostly leads, although I write rhythm as well.
What about you?
Good morning
shocked that a women who neglected her child gets off with just lying.
how can she live with herself.
keep watching.
You'll add vodka, gin, and whiskey to the mix.
3WordsForYou EAT.A.DICK
Holy shit, just nailed a hole in one on golden tee.
Hope you wore something warm!
Can you please follow me?
It's great to have options but at some point you have to choose ONE!
god!
I hope all of these people read these.
ahh today at lunch got a speeding ticket!!!:o
I was up nice and early and ready to go...
until I fell asleep.
Typical Katie Edge move.
Rockies Cuddyer launches 6th grand slam of career.
Rox up 40 in first.
Three slams on this homestand for Rox.
Joshua is over the top Steven; that's an understatement
I don't like having a history class with no text book or point of reference.
yup I really do!!
...more Adoctorfor NBC's TRAUMA today!
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for ci
at my aunts house ah had her kid yesterday :
Ready for the doctorma and the divas
Partly cloudy skies tonight  a low of 40.
Monday will be breezy, seasonable  partly to mostly cloudy with the chance for a few showers.
Making something easy to share is not at all the same as making it worth sharing.
yeah.
I don't want to call names but that's rude.
i would be pretty okay with it if the only music i was allowed to listen to was doctorke and lil' wayne collaborations
Protesters reconvene outside schlotzsky's with permission from local businesses.
Come join!
GuRlS ArE LiKe StArZ, ThErE ArE MiLlIoNs Of ThEm, BuT OnLy 1 Can MaKe YoUr doctoraMs CoMe TrUe!
GOOD MORNING VA.
IM BOUT TO doctorP THAT VA BAE MUSIC VIDEO IN A MINUTE..
LIKE MY STATUS IF YOUR READY
calling all arts educators  let's do it big in 2012 for youth!...partnership, collaboration, etc.
I thought seeing you hit off the path at 18 was thrilling  was a great effort.
Keep up the great play, mister Na!
I'd like to stay in the game...
Can I have through the weekend?
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday.
Be sure to check it out next week!
I need help trying to woo a Canadian.
All I can come up with is: I like you like Lester Pearson liked maple leaves.
Help!
Hahaha I don't have anything against either of them except for Jack annoys me sometimes
Tune in at 11am via kcrlive.com  we'll be discussing your concerns  more.
wow, seriously UX Writer is a real job title.
It's official, the whole UX job title thing has gone too far.
check out my quick little show about my new ocarina!!
:
Tune in tomorrow 8AM to Que Buena radio 94.3 FM to hear our Community Wealth counselor, Elba Serrano, talk about foreclosure prevention!
Reflect on
is home after my third Irish Fest meeting.
Milwaukee Irish Fest.
Love it.
Live it 366 days in 2012.
thanks for the follow!
If u need models lmk!
:
Live fast, and Die young
Lowkey..my math teacher can get it lol.
hippies are ten times better than hipsters.
This is so dumb, no one even went too reconcile, you give us the option, we ain't going!!.
I think you mean thorough...LOL!!
Heat always double team when they losing.
Watch out this our game.!!
We gone fck the city up!!!
we wasn't talking but when my dad told me it was the Friday they were leaving
Leaving flatining iron for my natrually curly hair.:
im getting tuff love with a heart in the place of the 'o' tatted on my knucks soon3
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Winston Churchill
You know the more I doctornk, the prettier you get!
As REM put Don't go back to Rockville.
Its april fools day crazy thing is I didn't even realize it
I actually heard the Bernie thing from your mom, but Dean Buell apparently had a heart attack in a club over the weekend.
RT if u will hlp me get followers
And so it begins.
Whitney scores!
Wow celtics are on a big run right now
virile grass often sleeps just beneath the surface of dirt blanketed lawns, waiting patiently for hard rains to nudge her awake
dtc354 great story ideas from our class.
who will be the winners?
only time will tell...
..preciate the follow
Wish everyone would just get along here.
happy birthday Sammy!
If I go I will.
Kickass dude.
Congrats!
Did a FF for and once, then realized these are the nicest people on here.
Don't say you know them
mine too!
It's so good!
I love my mommy !
: 3 Don't know what I would do if she wasn't here.
:
Definitely!
7:30 at Kaladi's still work for you?
Ready for zumba!
I appreciate everyone that has been listening to my songs on reverbnation.com..keep me moving up the charts!
Thank you all.
My latest obsession  the weird, scammy fake?
real?
Instagram accounts popping up.
Why post bad text graphics begging for followers?
haha.
That's funny
u will be fine it aint that much runnin
Come see us tomorrow at the Muskego PolarPlunge for SpecialOlympics for some FREE prizes!
Text PLUNGE to 30364 for last minute event info
ucla double dip this afternoon.
Either a great way to ring in 2012 or good riddance to 2011.
, ,
Yes!
We have a few diehard people that still want to party this weekend.
We'll keep going until it snows or under 32.
it's april 2022, and april 2729!
I have three tickets that aren't being used for Sun.
the 22 if you guys would want them!
No.
Wondering how it fits into contraception debate RT : yours specifically?
XMAS UPDATE: We will be recording a new song next weekend in a mansion in San Diego.
It will make a nice stocking stuffer for all you clowns
lol true let me know if you think of anything: n omg it says DPryde's performing too :D
Change the world with your words!
Let's give the power and joy back to the authors and creators of the stories we all know and love!
Edmodo requires no email addoctorss, so I feel it's better for younger kids.
Missed out on PA3 with 's too bad, I had myself prepped to sleep with the lights on all next week
if only treygrahambirthdaybreak became a trending topic...
Roberta Flack equal genius
Thank you to all the new followers.
I was just thinking the same thing.
No reason to worry about undefeated just focus on play offs.
Its been justified.
Happy New Year to you and Karen.
Wish you both all of Gods blessings and good luck for this year and ever!!
;
RT : BREAKING: We now hv on tap!
We have 1881 American Red  the captain Black IPA.
reapplying to college, woo
The sense of smell is the strongest memory trigger.
What do certain scents remind you of?
Grandma's kitchen?
Your garden?
The ocean?
Fastest national anthem ever sharks canucks wtf canada?
I once doctoramt of flowers big as clouds they soared above me like parade floats: doctoram iconic
love it.
We're gonna get some great
That's fair.
Would you agree that the new doctor Who has somewhat of an old school feel?
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about professorts
I really want to go...but I'm a Mush...
I'm afraid I'll make them lose...
Florida, but it seems so cool because you can get your degree in two years...
Must be old, both Dana and I miffed by the 10pm start time of Citizen Cope.
Ticket said 8pm.
Sleepy, must find coffee.
good girl!!
Got off work two and half hours early.
Maybe today is getting better!!
I Hate how people think just cause I got a job I got money like that or to blow
Had a real chat with stranger where they weren't in a hurry to be elsewhere.
She was from Newport Beach and we talked surfing and travel.
Just cause You Rap it up Dont Mean you Can Fuck everybody
Leave the yesterday in the past..leave the future for tomorrow..but live today as if there was no tomorrow..
: sometimesyouhaveto accept that it's time to move on.
If all the signs are there then doctorp the dead weight :
Save Your Home author Anna Cuevas on Next
So the main takeaway from HBO's 24/7 is that why is no one booking Bryzgalov on all talk shows always
We do pick ups...need it moved and sold?
yeah thats us!
hopes Obama grows a set soon, like tomorrow night...it's getting so hard defending his weakness
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself.
Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.
Matt.6:34
Who said it?
An artist is an art lover who finds that in all that he sees, something is missing .
.
.
Whenn is this gonna happen?
Lol
300 followers?!
Holy shit thanks guys!!:
Great meeting w/ Norman Kerr, VP of CITY Project violence prevention program.
Similar goals 2 productively train/equip youth
well the one of ampersand you did for my wife has been hanging in our office for two years and I smile every time I see it, so :
So excited that and are in Saturday's St.
Patrick's Parade...must be why the forecast is 55 and sunny!!!
on that ustream I was just looking at.
Had an old CRT on a table.
Buncha folks around it.
Hi Ann sorry I missed you today!
Were you there?
If so, hope you had a good conference...
that country is wild.
we had too much fun while we were there.
who are you going with
I do pretty much all types of fitness, from weight lifting to running, to beach body workouts.
The Turbos, The Insanities
Excited about potentially being a contestant on Ridley and Tony Scott's new show Shooters!
Hope to hear!

are the most amazing/tallented aussies!
and my biggest inspirations!
AUSSIESRULE!
3
I'M BACK LOVES3 sorry for the long hiatus!!!!
my friend says u did cuz she told u on fb.
But it didnt sound like u....
Idk
good grub and for sure, but not quite the same.
You're so adorable!
Ajkfdjnewjkgnre he looks so gorgeous
what it do???
I wanna buy a doctorss to my mummyhaha
is Starting to write Out...
Christmas Cards.
The shop as been moved back to Ohio, and is currently undergoing a refit, we hope to have production online in 2 weeks.
Yesterday, Dwayne Wade said he thinks players should be paid to play in the Olympics, but changed his tune today after the backlash.
and also with you
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay i really like your camo pants, camo shirt, camo shoes, camo jacket, and camo backpack.
that's really cute.
that shits pretty dope bro!
Anyone have tips on acquiring the bowling badge on foursquare?
Expecting doors to OFFICALLY open for business around April 2011  incorporation and website should be finalized by then :
How can you tell if someone who's having a temper tantrum is on the phone?
You get a tizzy signal!
12/24  12/25  60/night .....at CAESARS PALACE visit us  www.myvegaspeople.com also follow us on facebook for more updated info
I am so blessed.
I have an awesome family, awesome friends, awesome grades, and an awesome guy who makes me happy :
got the Nano watch as a gift from mister.
C...I'm now hip, cool and with it.
Watch the videos from the concert on 2/26/12 Orlando,FL House of Blues at 7:30 pm 3 ': good timmess .
Sitting on the 30th floor of the Viacom building!
Anyone else flying in from ATL this morning?
I cannot believe this shit
what would we do w/o ESPNU?
I'm sure the 5 other ppl that watched were grateful.
Today I'm allowed on Facebook again.
I was on there for about 5 minutes and relized how stupid it was and came right back to twitter 3
Getting off of work and gonna sleep for a while ...
I'm for sure tired!
Once a person has wronged me, they gotta work double to regain my trust.
Otherwise, I cut them off completely w/ no hesitation.
Got it, thanks!
I AM Greater..
lol always the best place to shop :
glad to see keeping it classy and being sociable with the home fans, keeping the fans happy is key :D

did you get your package?
I am out too late and want to say to many things to too many ppl.
Let me digress
I dont like people who cant state the truth
The Way I See it: Front door sends a message
great commentary.
Let's hope the gap gets smaller on race fuel p.s Please ask Webber not to crash into Lewis this year!
i still rove once in awhile, but i like the idea of trying a more regular pattern then who  when we want g
um I don't even know what that is, so possibly not :
Ive been trying to be positive for so long that I forgot how to live a life thats real!
Good Morning cousin 
Thanks for RT of Didn't know about this resource.
Always looking for new ways to get my afterschool kids writing.
Is it me or is instagram being a piece of shit today?
Wow this is really amazing.
I'll post it and absorb it later.
Thanks for posting.
I have entry level opportunities in Poughkeepsie and Albanysend your resume over: !!
Oh, goodness.
If only.
If.
Freaking.
Only.
new twitter professorle picture?
I think yes!
I just shipped the 200 second chance tournament.
Chopped it with James Hoeppner.
Please let the Cavs have a win tonight!
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles.
Call us today to learn more!
You  Everyone else!!!
RT: Bickell: I need to put the body on the defense.
Hopefully it will wear them down.
Miss State over Kentucky good game going on.
Hey...hope you gettin ready for joyful holiday season!!..ONE WISH wud be art from from both Mom and Daughter!!
..INSPIRED!!!
yes, witness media archive reunion!
I'll be there!
So is it like club attire or what?
Started w/ Birm in the nPower...
But haven't yet tried a points deduction squad
Told him how I feel and he feels the same way3 my heart is finally filled with love
US radio needs to start playing on the radio like now.
She so deserves it and her song RAWKS!
Grand Opening of The Belmont Tavern this Thursday, June 2nd!!
u have been accepted .
Welcome to gordosanonymous
Bored Reading the HungerGames.....
Again 
Thanks for following the DECA club at Washington State University!
We are still establishing our page, but please follow!
just saw justin bieber on ellen
The renaissance is complete!
Hell of a season, Wolverines!
right around the corner from us!
It sounds like a fun event!
I guess, I have to mention  for him to reply a greeting ..
This Holiday Season came out of nowhere!
I'm so sick of this teacher !!
Owned.
claps LAKings Coyotes RT : Jeff Carter scored thrice; Doan and Hanzal were not nice; Howlers on thin ice
Playhouse tonight for Monday Night Social w/ Michael Woods Get on the list !
818.602.7979
Broncos are saying they're 95 sure he's going there.
I guess we'll see.
There's always that one guy in class who thinks he knows more than the teacher...
so you're like one of five over there?
We're in 229
Can't wait to be roommates next year at Ohio State!
It's going to be awesome!
heyy make my day nd follow me ?
I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART!
Love in my crew
just let me know ASAP how many you need : I hope you can make it!
I cant add im blocked you can add me though!Lisa Marie Leal
sorry.
Crazy week.
Will send link soon.
Blum explores how the political discourse of religious damnation  labeling opponents as Satan became codified during Civil War
Why don't i call/text anymore?!...
The phone works both ways, try it out.
Earlier today, I texted my therapist K, ttyl!, Xoxo.
If that's not a cry for help, then what is?
Elway: Without a doubt, Tim Tebow is our number 1 quarterback...
going into that initial hour of next summer's training camp!
where tha party at?
Shoutout to Entire DMV I Respect Yal Movement!
Where Yal At?
Make Some Noise......
I'm a mac guy, but my client needs a free ftp client for windows.
Any recommendations?
Dance tomorrow;
true, but goes back to telling people what they wanted to hear in'07'08 to get elected.
Also, minorities like TP in anti gay
Anyone try CS6 Yet?
I typically skip versions, so I'd go from CS5 to CS7, but I'm tempted to try CS6.
I dance a triple essence : it's in Brooklyn
Looks like they have merged the wall and the professorle and called it the timeline.
Still hasn't rolled out for me yet, though.
Sorry no horse picks today.
Locked in to our Soccer and Golf wagers.
Im Sleepy Grr:O
I need 100!
Help me out TKC!
same here
New police search fri and sat for missing NJ girl will be area where her car was found running in park.
I'm from Mississippi!.: mississippiswag mississippideezygirls :
Lol...yea its freezing in Florida right now ha.
:
Is a convicted felon currently in prison really pulling 40 of the Democrat Presidential primary ballot in West Virginia?
ahh can you guys come back to houston soon?!
:
So good to see you today!
I just got a preview of the video and you look cute as bug.
xo
Join us as we welcome a new exhibit One Woman's doctoram: The unfolding legacy of Evelyn J Frazier / Mar 6May 26 in APEX Learning Center.
AMEN to that.
actually it's a doody so your close
Oh yeah.
Remember Valdes' giveaway to Little Buddha, what, 4 seasons back?
Almost sank the title.
Rules: 1.
You must be a member 2.
You have to be local 3.
You have to refer 2 friends to follow us 4...
Tomorrow on the show...
Magician , , tickets to see Courtney Hole at the Ames, and of Sel de la Terre
Real disappointed in you.
I'll get over it though
Run, Forest, run!
only gone 3 days.
I like my ps bc I can manually over ride everything.
But what if I find something spectacular?!!
Knows the UES literary underground.
Snuggling up with my illicit finds even as we speak.
Nnnnnew song coming soon!
Sorry for the delay!
Doh.
Thanks for letting me know!
how wtf I said hey your like don't touch me !
Just wrote a speech that I'm giving in an hour...en franais...
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
and those hours don't count if you're sleeping lol
soo bored anyone mad that in the nine lives of chloe king bryan n jasmine died n her mom n chloe lost a live damn ma people died : :S
Okay mom...you know I love you...but I can't accept your friend request on Facebook.
Glad you enjoyed the butterfly release  see you this Saturday at the !
come home!!!!
I can keep u company!!
Outrageous!
Still wish I could afford it.
These guys are really good at parking their wheelchairs on the bus.
Makes me feel bad for being terrible at parallel parking.
You were right, it's never to late to change.
Happy New Year!!
Have a safe and Sassy evening!!
Be Savvy and show us some Soul tonight RVA!!
Viva la 2012!!!
Who wants to go to Dunkins?
esperanza spalding, that was beautiful
TriCity takes a 32 series lead, beating the Chiefs 53 in Kennewick.
Spokane will face elimination at home Monday at 7:05 in Game 6.
Kroger is threatening to not pay an 18 year old student who made a 10,000 dollar halfcourt shot at the UK Game
Holy fuck this potato soup is tha bomb.
Love it!
Great title.
I can be a guest blogger.
LOL...
It's getting real in the wegmans parking lot.
Problems can't be solved with the same thinking that created them.
Take another look, shift thought and change your approach....
im not sold on dom or mayberry as everyday players, Need to bring in guys who can work a count, hit, score
get it girl!
haha.
I hope it wasn't too schadenfreude.
More of well what else can we do but poke fun at ourselves moment.
;
Yeah not my favorite method to dissect complex issues.
There was a new power point at last meeting.
right on!
Why ATL?
what you tryna make me do ugh its not friday yet
i love everybody no matter how they are.
I bet Santa feels the same!
Christina Ricci is so fucking small in person I had to google if she had a chihuahua to make sure it was her.
I had an event w/ the in support of the foundation.
It was lovely.
Really fun event, love hanging out w/ the team
we have a great team.
It's an exciting and fun process!
Twitter is like dead today, where is everybody?
Tonight's doctornk Special: The Totoro!
Hypnotic, Hennessy  7Up over ice w/ fresh blueberries for only 7.
It's nice  neighborly!
Look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids but I don't wanna know 'Cause shit I like suprises.
it hurts to make my elbows touch...
ATTENTION ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS!!!
GO FOLLOW MY PRODUCER  HOTTEST PRODUCER IN JAX!!
THAT'S ON EVERYTHING!!
So where was this decadent italian meal?
Cant wait till tomorrow!
Excited Night !
:
I didn't think it was possible but I actually went to sleep before 9:30 and slept all night.
It's one of those days.
Hanging out with Tom Evans...
we are hanging his awesome stencil art for his show Sat.
Its looking good!
I will never go back to eating processed foods or sugar
One day, i caught myself smiling for no reason, Then i realized i was thinking of you.
Go die, NEW new Twitter.
Follow me?
Please I know u r busy but can u please take time out of yur day?
To I feel really bad It, would make my day
Look out for new updates!
We will be launching our new website soon!
SO EXCITED!!!
yes ma'am,
A6 Get on a path to greater agility  alignment w/sales  biz leaders
Thanks for the
the price for a custom theme would be somewhat dependent on the scope of work.
You need some work done?
How very considerate of you, thank you.
:
Our goal at Groves is to personalize our services to allow each resident to maintain a dignified way of life.
very cool...
thanks for following.
I need to get you connected to ....
the event looks interesting.
me and my boyfriend are having problems :'
Thanks for the Rts  mentions!
Can I be Katniss for Halloweensomeone else can be Peeta?
had fun at shellys3 and omg i met
I'm glad see anther NORCAL PACKER FAN
The Ford Center  like the editor!
: yep send complaints to He made the call on that one.
easily the longest day of my life.
All I want is a milkshake
A mans worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
WTH is going on?
Do you have a poltergeist or something??
I kinda feel like being unproductive today..
Please don't delete me, Rosalie.
I only have 10 followers....
thanks much.
i just read the lurie piece, the one without the journalistic opportunism.
Looking for an accredited program to get your LMFT?
Look no further!
check us out!
www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
don't talk to me about coupons....
two for one deals....!
New shirts are on the way!
try not to be predictable.
surprise people...tell not the same story everyone has told
Everytime I come out, movie in the making!
thanks for the follow!!
RT : The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes
Pat Byrnes puts up 20 with 8:34 to go in the first quarter.
Everything is groovy.
I hate sat tens
Mostly worse.
lol
Ive told you where I stand.
Now its time for members of Congress to do the same.President Obama on the
International consensus  arbitration is not necessarily cheaper for the client than adjudication.
Last day of school ima twerk on the walls Nd recorded.
I told my little sister I would take her to the park if she cleaned up..
I'm really not gonna take her..
But atleast she believes me.
The Parent Trap is always so good.
when is an outlet not an outlet?
When it is a power station!
I lost my virginity to a snickers bar, it didn't satisfy me.
Cupcake Jones is proud to be a sponsor of the Taste of the Nation event!
Outdoor Spaces Opens New Office in Leesburg, VA, Welcomes New Landscape Designer
new cut has added a lil more sexy to the edge.
Pretty good at what she does too, the doctormatic pause and all
I hate it when my two favorite singers argue about things that shouldn't matter anymore :
Young adulthood has rather nonspecific boundaries, but its beginning is marked by the end of adolescence, ...
I meant next weekend Mar 14
GO DAVE GO!!
we start back to the show this week.
12 more perfs to go.
Closing in 1 week Carol Lopatin's vibrant Coast to Coast paintings.
Convenient location near all DC Metro lines.
Happy Valentine's Day movie lovers!!
yo 2k12 motto should be cut the check YANDY Fast!!!
I go back though and the 70's and 90's shared many paralell lines, artistically.
The 90's was the last time media was fresh
lol I hope he comes back on son!
And isn't he following you?
LUCKY
They didn't show Newark and me at xfactor.Hope for tomorrow.
Whos going to hang with me on Ustream today??:
: Don't judge me until you know me.
Don't underestimate me until you challenge me.
And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Ha, yup!
RT : Mayor Barrett's campaign issues a release challenging Gov.
Walker to 4 debates over next four weeks leading up to election.
It needs an occupation to try to put pressure on the government to focus on giving it sufficient funding
thank her and I r home sick :
nahh, you OWE me a lil sum'n sum'n :
RT : Goin to tonight?
Come hang w/ us at Blackbird Studios for art show!
He's amazing!
oh yea
Any chance you can close your mouth when you're chewing your gum on the subway?
I like the contrast of your door with my door hanger.
I look good on your house!!!
Enjoying the ease of updating status multiple places from one interface.
Happy Anniversary!!
Today marks 60 years here at Emergency Arts, well it had to have a few lives before us...Thanks to Pennys!
its just our personality...
Lol
You need less when you know more ; x
may miss my first badger home game since'99,., as we are setting up a bus trip to st.
Louis to see the
Love when my mac crashes
My library needs a better collection of ebooks.
boutta get HIGH as three skies 
Because there's nothing better than ending a summer day floating on a lake while sipping a Firefly cocktail
hahahaha that is hilarious!!
: P can't wait for your birthday side note lol
doing good...thx!
I will follow you back tomorrow reached my follow limit.
I like ISO 8601.
Way more than My Funny Valentine.
how are you tho miss me yet...
Thank you so much !
You're awesome!
just playing off the headline.
we love Portland.
it's a tease for our arts marketing convention coming in 2013 too
Did you know you can import a karaoke track into garageband and then record your own lead vocals.
This is an amazing way to see where ur at!
i want a tweet from so badly.
:'
feel better, definitely hope to see you out there this weekend.
There's no justice in baseball, there's just us.
Dan Plesac on the firing of Mickey Hatcher
uh dont be doctorving sleepy shit .
Congrats to The Bold  The Beautiful for winning Outstanding doctorma Series for their storyline about the homeless!
well one of my law school professor lost his race to replace my old law school prof
The Beautiful View band  Amy live on for a preview of next Sun.'s North Park Festival of Arts...
5K this morning at lululemon then
Quick synapses of book?
2011 Taxes: Done!
Well, that reminder is a relief, : Thanks for sharing Hypatia's wisdom.
Bottle service at ...
4949 Lounge...this is where we bring you another cold Budweiser that you can afford...haha
my leg's been hurting..
i wanna go back in my boot
Damn idk wats to do this winter break.
Bout to be doctor af'
I'll cuddle w/u..
I have a very steady hand if you'd like documentation of this event.
All you gotta do it let me know.
Sounds like a solid plan.
.
Get everyone on the same page and have a process for each interaction for maximum customer service and sales opportunities.
Adobe's CFO just made me laugh out loud.
He's the first CFO from any company to do that!

Ouch.
I thought I was worth it.
Red light green light ima rep da bean right
Any good lead gen bloggers to follow?
so was ellen page.
Just mistakenly clicked the wrong button  discovered a new capability.
To err is awesome.
you got it, man
Multi Grain Cheerios for breakfast, lunch  dinner.
I can't get enough!
I stuff you in my Trunk...doctornk, Cuhz all I really wanna do is fucc and snort....
Judd Apatow tweeted about wanting new podcasts to listen to.
You should tweet him!
I did, too.
:
Money is Nothing.
How you Flip it is EVERYTHING.
When people pronounce the 't' in 'often' 
Tony Stark could out doctornk any of the Avengers even Iron Man
Originality is the key to freedom.
You have to turn the lock yourself to open the door.
Getting ready for the Olive Branch next Friday March 5th
Oakland PD is hiring, qualifications: Must have big enough balls to take on women and unarmed peace protesters.
Oh my gosh.
I hate being sick at work.
Dayquil is where it's at today
Obviously you missed Ray Rice throwing a TD.
Don't be discouraged though.
The world needs ditch diggers too.
So what's the deal with Tracey Ross' eyes?
They look they're falling out the sockets.
lol kick ass, will do
flora said what ur mom said?
are u gonna come?
it's game day!
Bring it!!
Are u serious?!
I missed ustream?!
Got off my cell and checked the interwebz's story on ; sucks, man!
GetWellMiranda ...
Soon!
life is a box of chocolates.
You never know what your gonna get
Lets Go, Make Sure Yall Check Us Out  Follow
Pacers looked good
I have tasted pumpkin flan and it is autumn exploding in slow motion, with sugar on top.
Thank you and Chicks with Knives.
At the beach, perhaps the only urge stronger than the desire to build a sand castle is the desire to smash a sand castle.
Can't wait..
See you in 30 minutes Faker fans
i wish i could meet justin bieber :
Welcome back!
How was your fun in the sun??
why so many pushy, impatient patrons?
i am sorry that your crisis is not mine.
I don't wanna leave either : but I gotta whereareyou??
Down to my last five studies to include in the edldoctorroles/resp/practices section of chapter 2.
Can't believe what they are expected 2 know!
till next year mite not cum back
I think i'm in over my head
It taunted us, I'll have you know.
Bored at work.
Play me if you dare doctorWSOMETHING username: fredsterz
Shiller specifically said he was not predicting that, but it may be a possibility.
He makes good points in that video.
sincewebeinghonest noonecares about your 100,000 followers...We get it!!
You're a Media Whore!!!!
Is she bringing you?
lol they are just preparing you for the new economy
Back on bus 26 to Fremont.
TGIF everyone!
he picked up on a poll we put up that was being gamed by bots....
just said, maybe my life is more major now on WNYC with
Is it a mark of progress and wide acceptance for green/clean tech that I'm now getting spam emails for solar panels?
let us know if you do and thanks!
A passing baby just sneezed on my foot.
Ba.
For anyone who watched in real time/on DVR, did Weight Watchers advertise on MAD MEN last night?
Need to know for research.
Thanks!
Excited to have you tonight outside at ..Yummy food and Bhangra!
can u please follow me?
: I love ur music
Most people are other people.
Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Oscar Wilde
RUMBLEBOS is presale password for royal rumble
What if 100K was invested in 750 different theatre communities solely to market the work already happening there to the public?
Where is the best place in LA to take agency workshops so they can see my work?
The look on people's faces when I start speaking Urdu.
And I'll try not to sing out of key : 3
thanks yes that would be great ;
i might be going to see 1D onmy birthday next year3
yeah, heard what happen glad everyone is cool.
Done working out at the gym.
Now for some scenery on the bike.
well.
When I move from Ohio to Cali.
You and faitheypoo are my bestfriends.
That's all I'm gonna say:
interactive storytelling panel is the best panel i've attended, well organized and planned.
good process to emulate
At Five Guys in Aiken SC.
Masters tomorrow!
TuesdayTwoCents What events do you want to see CitySwarm host this summer?
On our way to Emlenton, PA to lead worship for a women's retreat this weekend!
There is no cheering for your fantasy team when the VIkes are playing.
what is sleep..
thanks dude.
2011regrets I'm guessing shit I did while trashed.
Guess its pretty bad when you wake up the next morning and everyone's like dude, wtf!!
did you see the movie??
What did you think??
We love our neighbors and you should too!
You and I have very similar situations.
I have the same exact problems.
Are you serious?
Same prosecutor???!!!
WTF!
Met website now allows exploration by gallery.
old website, everything was an individual destination.
Now you can take a journey
ok, that's fair
thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to raid your site for some goodies!
:D
Hello and How to Succeed EP!
Real excited right now!
Loved meeting you bothhe's a very good cusser.
I want to hear about YR writing.
Let's get together when dean is away?
I am now following you.
We help pregnant women safely overcome their addictions and facilitate healthy birth outcomes.
of course, we used to be cool as hell but for some kid ass reason had a fallout.
Glad we are better 33
I love my job!!!
Thinking she should start using tumblr again..
Bout 2 pop out catch me on da doctorve
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Terry Pratchett
Intro to Premium WordPress Themes talk about to start in Tech Room.
Shut up.
I'm watching Glee.
Don't be petty , they do a decent job on WMYB.
I wish I had someone to watch the game with.
job interview went well, finger's crossed.
Are you self motivated or enjoy being told what to do?
You're Welcome :
I have written with coffee.
I have written with booze.
I should try combining them and write as a wide awake doctornk.
When we say booked for a day.
We mean all eligible tables for reservations are booked.
Walkins always welcome.
Over 100 seats for that!
chocolate of course
Note to self.
If one day I create my own successful thing and someone buys me out.
Exit immediately.
Don't wait to have your doctorams crushed.
Thanks Nuria!
Have a great weekend!
:
Geometry algebra math.
It all comes naturally...
This Miami heat game is crazy!
We love it here at the office!
Watching Spring Break
Yes.
Yes you do.
120 days until the BIG 21st Birthday
So, authors: Ever feel burnt out on talking/writing about the subject of your book  it's not even published yet?
I'm asking for a friend.
4 shows down, 3 to go!
Lets hope that can do a great job now carrying the torch!
No, it's just the flops that make me happy!!
They are very bright and they remind me of spring!
I don't remember who this guy is and why he's on the Kingslayer's jock so hard though.
I'm Looking For That Independent Chick I Can Take Care Of.
Wtf man.
Now I can't go back to sleep ...
Thanks
It is all about William Chatner.
Did you atch the movie, The World According To William Chatner.
Cool.
so who's going to take over interpreting?
:
when are they goin to take yu to the doc?
i've been jammin out to UNDERTHEMISTLETOE all the time hahah it AMAZING!!!
love you
Last night, while doctorving I5 from Mt.
Shasta to PDX, I smelled many skunks.
Did Supermoon bring them out?
So much for honesty.
Well, was honest till he apologized.
guess who just finished sewing two bridesmaid doctorsses?
omg he retweeted u!:
When I die I want to be buried beside my husband and our graves to say and we lived happily ever after :
probably another 10mins or so
Our guitarist broke his wrist today snowboarding : everyone be sure and sign his cast when he comes back
Mexico in 4 days...
do you still have spots open for Dark Shadows ?
the movie thats being watched in the class above us  
My street floods in the rain.
I like doctorving down it at highish speeds.
i want something extraordinary and beautiful and simple  intricately patterned.
Scott Fitzgerald
You obviously believes Jews do not have a right to self defense.
Are you a member of Hamas??
You would fit right in...
yeah but it will give you something to talk about for the next 4 months
you love us 
I love you Linds!
we can pray in multiple ways, including quick thoughts that we dont speak out loud
tweet me when you find out
So I wasted 5 weeks in Alcoholics Anonymous to find out that they weren't going to do hacking at all...
Aint No In The Paint Round Dese Parts Homie!!!
hha im pretty good just about 2 burn uo its freaking hot an how r u ?
Welcome to the city!
What is the meaning of life?
I don't know but I think there's an app for that.
Pressure makes diamonds 
Seriously, this is an amazing and puzzling list for things that came from the outside.
Weird.
oops!
Earlier tweet was supposed to say: What did one bag of chips say to the other?
RU FritoLay?
Bahaha!
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Please stay, forever with me.
Bored in west sac at the starbucks
Hope the sun can burn off the jinx.
i feel pretty depressed today..i dont know why.
i think i havent gotten enough sun light.
Sounds a lot like Cake lyrics!
the British sure know their way around a sports car
I have a few ideas for a few shorts, and some fake trailers.
I also want to try my hand at podcasting.
And if you believe in love and all that it can do for you.
Give it a chance, girl.
You'll find romance
just checked out an 80 year old...
hellagross !!!
Not fun with a 2 year old.
Our car, having just spent a few weeks on the street, will go back to being a garaged car...after its rear side window was smashed.
Behavior change is not tricky.
BJ Fogg
RT : NSWW Session II Response  Recovery begins at top of hour starting with good friend Tony Robinson from
g'night mate
At this Holiday Season we remember and honor those who are no longer with us and cherish those who are....
Action on sustainability is not distinct from culture and economics.
Culture and economies are two facets of eco truths.
Wedding Planner!
That was a quote from it lol.
A quick question from Sarah
WhatEVER mister 1!
: Lars from Metallica told Howard Stern that the only time he had 3 women at once was 25 years ago in Portland.
huge
it's my job too!
Ouhh!!
it was a one time thing people need the reference and.
Trust me we both know how bad I really wanna go all the way.
working on it.
Had issues uploading.
Stay tuned
well, what is it?
wins a MomInspired Gift Bag!
DM your email addoctorss to Congrats!
I knew transcription was a useful practice for studying music, hadn't realized how useful it is in interactive design as well...
In today's world if you're under the age of 75, there is NO reason for you to be writing out checks for things like groceries.
just back from camping with grandkids at blue mounds st park, wish I coulda been there...
God came thru for me this morning
1 SoundTableFTW RT : Forgot to tweet, but last night was beyond amazing.
1 of the best nights out in Atlanta I've ever had
I just watched the most ridiculous TV news story I've ever seen ...
about teenage exorcists.
I may never watch Nightline on ABC ever again
I want to audition for the voice
Welcome back!
Chilling in my room miss cali
ECHO and the  played 'Crocodiles', 'Heaven Up Here'....
and 'Songs to Learn and Sing' as encore.
Seriously.
really???
Can I entice you into a trip up to Philly for a cheesesteak and a River Sharks game??!
I love you too.
:
That sexy you make just before you sneeze..
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
Spent all day writing!
Exciting things coming up!
See ya'll in Ky for your Well Lit  Amplified Tour..
BS is it safe to say your freekin awesome?
:D
Do you like challenging conversations?
How do you handle those.
People that talk shit mind your own fucking business and worry about yourselves.
Ax man is kind of funny...it has a bunch of red neck hillbilly
SHE was 4'10 so she always made sure people knew the requirements.
All in all were just another, brick in the wall
Word fam...I can't wait...You always bless the tracks.
I need to go and get me another cup of coffee before this meeting.
I wonder do I doctornk to much coffee?..lol..
It's the best!
i'm at matt and elizabeth's...it shook for awhile here...
Ima Quit Joking around w/ these females, Cause I See it hurts her.
he's the real deal.
FEMA teams to start surveying damage this morning in henryville and other areas hit by tornadoes
I ATE MASHED POTATOES TODAY!
THANK YOU!!!!
: RT Hey!
Happy Birthday!
Mwah!
Spring is just around the corner.
Try to mix up your attire with some lightlycolored pieces.
Good Morning All.
Hi, Bradley!
Hahaha!
I didn't even notice that!
I'm waiting until I have a clear schedule because I'll be mad if I can't read it for a couple hours at a stretch
Yes, Floyd called another boxer a faggot.
Not right, and he got roasted for it.
Now, Pac's pretty much saying death to gays  it's kosher.
can you download songs .
I need some
Shout out to the Amazing Daviator
Woah, everyone, if you haven't tried sleeping with a pillow in between your legs, TRY THAT DOPE FEELING SHIT NOW!
Cool exhibit on the art of video games at the Portrait Gallery/Am Art Museum in Chinatown.
You can play Pacman!
Time to play some more Super Mario Bros.:
i hate your name bitch
nope ima be like lloyd u should make another song with chris
awesome, tks for the recipe  love zucchini, also checked out your shepherds pie  yummy and simple :
aw that's cool watch one?
I have a ferternal twin brother sometimes we can read eachothers mind for somethings
the fly was gone when i came in this morning.
i imagine it will be back at some point :
doctorams about dinosaurs and talking polar bears..
My brain is a bizarre place indeed.
yeah, it's not a quote, just me being metonymic on twitter
Wondering how my girls and are holding up this morning.
Thanks for the late night entertainment.
Won first 2 heads up matches at CPC2012 and now got a date with doctorSE and the bulls.
Got an extra if anyones trying to roll.
Hit me up
People would book you if your band was called Jizzsock.
Nobody wants a band called Boner Cult.
yeah I just kind of have a feeling when he does, and he does
What Monday is best know for isn't that it starts the week, but reminds us that the weekend needs a few more days to prepare for us
Headed to the 7th still scoreless.
Skinkis, S.
Harris, M.
Harris due up for
When people add a picture with the captainon about how nice it is today..
but all I see is a pic of themselves in a bikini
what does doctorOz say about this????
Hmm
please follow me I'm a big fan!
Ur albums r awesome.
Sorry I missed u on WoozWorld I was at school!
NTSB says we may never know who was flying plane that crashed in Crystal Lake.
2 men, 82 and 65, both had licenses, both died.
lol  you are cracking me up in this chat
ny: 100 degrees, part ii.
let's do it.
this officiating would make you think the want the Heat to win for the ratings
mark your calenders!
TUES DEC 13 we are hosting award party celebrating and thanking our supporters.
RSVP NOW!!
why u mad
Thanks!
RT : Discussing women challenging limiting labels amp; creating pos...
Logging off Lmaoo
Fuck detours always running into road construction
a kid with a life
RT : Affordable high performance fiber brought a 2,000 job business to Indiana
We have a new Facebook page!
Look up Portland Pearl Rotary and like us for news and updates and what we're up to in the community
Today I MUST power through my thesis proposal doctorft 1 and finish an article critique.
What do you have on tap for today?
I might as well say Yes to the date.
We purchase houses in South Florida and we follow back.
Thanks!
I'm going to see if I can make that happen!
I May!!!!
U better august or else I'll June n July u hooker snapping turtle
Well be at the Santee Swapmeet today!!!
Stop by
The thought of having a ghost in the house creeps me
Welcome back to 2006 Mavs Vs.
Heat!
Remember when Dallas was up 20 in that series?
warriors had 3 consecutive turnovers within the last 1:30 in the fourth to lose the lead.............
Lol I love my sister.
She's too funny 
CoachellaLive what the hell is Lauren Hill wearing?
You must be in Philly with that comment RT: It's a shame you're on food stamps, but sweet new full sleeve tattoo!
She was a master at making nothing happen very slowly.
Clifton Fadiman about Gertrude Stein
My selfdiagnosed shoulder tendinitis is killing me right now
Re: Jags/Tebow...so our paths cross again!
LOL
lmao x the ass'll be worth it ;p
Lifes a voyage thats homeward bound.
Heart don't forget something like that
Why have no girl scouts knocked on my apartment door?
Rude.
I wish I had an In n Out burger in front of me right now!
please tell me you're going to
It's cuz we're constantly awesome.
The marac meeting in Cape May, NJ is going to be fun, but I have to work too.
Time for me to promote the fall meeting in Richmond, VA!
How is that AAPL treating you?
The NHL needs to do something about Ovechkin...
they can't keep letting him get away with hits like that.
Mark Moore owns me for the next 24 hours.
me appying for bestbuy online Mechris wat do i type for title?
ChrisJust type loser as your current title
RT : 20thingsaboutme I cant live without my Mama
When I meet Austin the first thing I'll do is hug him  say Thank you, for being my inspiration, my role model, my everything.
3
Looking out for that special moment to happen.
thanks for the follow.
video of AYITI ROBI fet MIU COMING OUT SOON BY POPULAR DEMAND
Like a boss!!
should be, we'll have 6 packs
We're your 24 HOUR Delivery Solution across the nation!
We also provide Legal Courier  Medical Courier Services.
Call us today 8775275737
Thank you, Dan.
Nice playing with you!
Sheldon messes up Leonard's chance to help Penny tonight at 6:30 on The Big Bang Theory!
Great choice!
It is an awesome experience!
Can't wait to host you in Indy!
RT : Definitely the Indy 500 Rides!
thanks for the post Madison :
hate to not call you my girl
will do as soon as mixed and mastered:
Looking for fall intern for Weber Shandwick with Web Skills..Must work Friday 's 92pm.
Email me at
There's gotta be a market for FREE CARPET RIDES shirts.
You think?
my day was decent.
how was your?
why not name her Shannon lol
I'm such a fan of this Foodtruckforecast Mid70's over the lunch hours as we head to 81 with sunny skies this afternoon!
Our White  Orange game is tomorrow too  fuck UHS though ; but I'm trying.
that sounds painful.
I wouldn't recommended doing that.
Who schedules mtgs at 8:30 on a Mon?
They're stupid.
It's funny how I thought you were my bestfriend
Thought it was about two in the morning, so tired..
wat shit im not doin anything so shut up im entertaining my self
Change is constant.
i will be on laterr.
Ttyl
Pimpin' seems easy.
I honestly don't remember if that was the case or not.
It may have just gone away, though.
Either way the sound is horrific
HOWidc starts today.
It will be a long day, I require coffee.
check ya dm
Cleverly disguised as a responsible adult.
Tons of places in Toronto, best in Buffalo is Duff's for Wings or Russell's for Steaks
I'm not sure if there is or not.
I would have to check to see.
Hey tell your friends: Free pizza for students 12:301:30 today!
sometimes....
I wish we were friends.
which game?
slept in so late today.
i really need to get my sleeping schedule back on track.
other than that, watching the goblet of fire!
favorite.
How many Days til Ky Basketball ???
Waiting!
Yay!
My new headphones should be here tomorrow just in time for Disney!!
pitching now at SocEntWknd to take 's revolutionary flipped classroom curriculum worldwide.
kudos to  meet'g in D.C.
for , to launch nat'l marriageequality campaign
In other words, if your target is blue widgets then link to blue widgets instead of a Click here link
Scott h biram is at emos tonight.
Have heard good things; should a few coworkers and i go?
Oh my god who are all these guys?
I have never watched a college football game in my life.
Why isn't that certain redhead on Twitter?
I'll be in the good land next FriSat 4 a wedding shower.
Today marks the anniversary of the Bay of Pigs invasion in 1961.
I dont know if they allow food in the lecture hall place, so afraid not.
Be good if you could make it though
Woman being deposed just stated someone's name and then asked us not to tell anyone.
Ma'm I am here to record these proceedings.
I still have those earrings you forgot at the crafty bachelorette party!
does yahoo have a future at all?
Wow!
What a great night!
We do have Milwaukee's best customers!
Thank you for 20 years on 5 th street!
I had green tea today.
Your parents have been very good to you.
It is a very healthy doctornk.
What is your favorite food
I'm wearing blue and yellow on Leap Day.
Who's with me?
Where to go on July 4th!
haven't heard that one, will have to check it out on the club, thanks for posting, did y subscribe to the spotify playlist?
Do suppose there's a place where carrots are called oranges?
Maybe because they never any oranges?
Hmm.
Reminder: The Curried Mobile is cruising to Lake  Stetson between 11am1pm!!!
Just finished Fifty Shades Freed and now I have nothing to look forward to.
Life has lost meaning!
I pray Joe will have that breakout game in Boston.
oh yeah i forgot srry kara.
lol thanks sweetie
I heard when you get married you have to share one...
: Busted the 5k turbo oh well.
No monies for yet, but EPT San Remo in 3 days.
timetoship LETS GO!
Why is this carmax numbing my lips o.o
if you plan to shoplift, let us know.
Thanks.
guess where it's from ?!?
:
I wish i knew , i know though .
A new kitchen by Spring time sounds nice!
I can't wait for July 14th to come.
I get to spend a whole night with you!!!
I can't stop staring at my background!
omg
A dude in Poland went to his dentist who was also his ex.
She promptly pulled out ALL his teeth!
insertPolish/exesjokehere
Wow!
That's a beautiful sight.
How adorable : Keep up the beautiful work with your SUN!
They say money talks, tell these other niggas speak up
I get computers
This heatbulls game is like playoff ball.
Fun to watch.
On TNT
don't have no regrets bay jus blame me
Don't miss Liquid A tonight!
next blog all about skin primers, how to apply them, what they are good for etc
ah she looked beautiful3 i bought her issue, i love it 3
I had dance today!
WAT WOULD U SACRIFICE OR GIVE UP FOR DA ONE U LOVE
thatakwardmoment when i feel like im the only mahomie Doesn't follow :'
Mom, if you don't have sour cream, and your making a taco for me?
That shit is going byebye as soon as I see it.
Who knew tomorrow is NationalTempuraDay?
Celebrate with free Stuffed Jalapenos at On the Border.
Diet Schmiet
Watching Documentaries
step one: get a bike that's suited for a mayor...
thanks Ginger!
cripes.
Between that anm Mario will you ever leave your house?
Good idea, similar weather here today as well.
Wait, that's a thing?
Remind me to encourage all my friends/family to elope...
talk to us.
We want to use your pickled for our sandwiches.
Seriously, reach out to us.
I swear I be so open over here for this girl I know im gone lose SMH ithinkiloveher lol
I have a habit of doing this !
so dont trip!
And thanks!
GET OUT THE VOTE  Project aims to increase turnout: www.ourvotewv.com 
TSOINY just left OMD.
If u Missed, u b retahrded.
Great Great show.
You know you're awesome when you can do geometry homework in 10 minutes :
those you have to look a bit harder for, but I had a place where I got French manicures for 8
Everyone go follow he'll follow you back!:
Definitely just picked out half of Reno's wardoctorbe.
If I had a penny for everytime I thought of you....
I would be a MILLIONARE!!
How did your emotions provide feedback on your choice of thoughts today?
I am fearless, peacefilled, abundant, grateful..feels great
yay!: job complete 
tried explaining how he's right but he's wrong all the time...its ok you'll ben right one day!
only cause you are;: lol ricardo is telling everyone i'm like in love austin mahone bodyguard's tiger tattoos haha what a douche
Hee.
No need to run it by me although I would not protest
The enterprise is waking up to benefits of an API strategy.
Watch at Data2.0 panel Why you should join the API economy.
11:20
Tonight BS is working hard...
So many the awkward moment when's  aren't even awkward.
Oh I get it.
In the new Twitter app, Discover is the tab I don't ever need to tap.
I take it you have gone to bed now!3
False, but I yes, I'd prefer a futbol match right about now.
good bad or indifferent?
Really need my hair braided BAD!!!!!!
Aww he would always talk to me while I was at the clinic  Psigh
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
Steven Wright
You are too kind love, thank you so much!
Right, im tired.
Goodnight :
The bonus to any symposium at is lunch at Mitsitam cafe!
i never played you...
great job moderating last night.
It was a great experience
anyone have an extra scooter they could bring for me tomorrow?
:
I can't wait until I have cable again..
I watch an unhealthy amount of Family Guy.
So Happy For you!!
Fans are going to support Austin until the day they get bored or decided to leave.
But Mahomies will be holding Austin's hand forever.
Sorry about the tardy reply  could do an hour on the phone tomorrow if that works for you!
I approve.
RT : Derby Week, avataring accordingly.
8 mos in the makin but summer is here.
Rockin flip flops and headin to
Ocean's Thirteen m.
Matt Damon, George Clooney and Brad Pitt.
I Cried When I realized I wanted to love you forever but couldnt 
There is a pain on the left side of my chest.
I think I'm dying.
If I'm not here tomorrow..
I love you all
Well I hate Texas.
I just want to move to a different state :
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Tony Why use one word when 7 will do Calvano.
Clean and sober...how 'bout u?
I've been thinking of putting that on my business cards
poor Cain...
clearly not prepared for 2012..
Watchin tv waiting for my baby to bring me my food back..
Are you coming to the Finals Fiesta tonight, 79?
Serving up fun on the library terrace
When it rains, it pours.
And by pours, I mean tequila.
whats the weather like where you live?
its cold n windy here in So.
California!
burr!
hope ur not getting punk'd too bad on april fools day.
Don't confuse me for my Uncle Nick, he just let me borrow one of his outfits today
deleted my facebook a few days ago and found other ways to waste my time,
Food is dialogue between you and the plate.
K that's just sad.
Stop marching Muhammad Ali out there like he's a circus animal.
NO ONE is excited about this.
Sometimes you do cause my mood to be sky high to rock bottom and things aren't to cheerful anymore.
thx!
Fun to be back :
Veggie dinner and gossip girl
6 more hours....
I need some energy :
In frisco playing beer pong...well,about to lol
You're prob not sexy...you're prob just easy
i think its dumb.
:o
Neither would I.
u still at wish thursdays?
Enjoying a calm, rainy day :
Freddie on Suite Sioux.
Heavenly.
jazz nowplaying Red Clay
As you probably saw after following the link, Arundhati Roy was chosen to give the Edward Said Memorial lecture
We love the way music brings people together.
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions.
Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can...
reporting on what?
Thanks for the RT!
:
Carl Aniel, AFSCME Local 171: Its clear Walker is not interested in any negotiations.
He's leaving working class no other options
DYK?
AKA Founder Lucy Diggs Slowe was the First President of Alpha Chapter..
how come all these teams wanted so bad and pdxtrailblazers didn't?
We have biggest need at PG dont we?
doctorft order of onair talent  VALUE they bring the fan  Gruden, , Berman, and dead last Kiper.
who reps them?
Great to see you as well!
lmfay!
PERFECT CALL!
I slept for a good 90 minutes lol
Tragic!
MT: Car crash in New Zealand involving BU students leaves 5 injured, 3 killed,7:30 a.m.
on May 12, NZ Standard Time.
Thanks for the shoutout.
Of course the data and maps are usable in all maps  not just Google Maps
ReasonsToGetNaked to take a shower lol
Thinking of chopping my hair off to my shoulders.......so confused!
My mother in law is a stark raving bitch!.
Cant stand it when people claim to have PTSD over the most minor shit!!!!
Trust me chickie, you wouldnt want it!
:
If anyone needs me, I'll be curled up in the fetal position 'til next season.
If you're interested in crowdavoidance and conversation tonight, hit me up.
great And u
Through my good days and bad days, I still give my Heavenly Father the praise.
I catching up on my shows for the week...dvr best invention not having to watch commercials getting right to the point
I can't wait to leave Miami and move to Jersey.
ugh.
: Tom Brady just threw the ball at one of the refs.
he was being safety
Psalm 147:3 He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds.
Lots of anticipation for sdp2p at planning mtg this am w/ others!
www.pathsreg.org
HEY ITSS KATIE
Why does the weather on a Saturday have to be crappy?
Today was suppose to be skateboarding day
Tonight 12pm on we have Anton Bass and  shocking through airwaves...catch you in the mix!
Until the seniority only process of eliminating positions goes away, every negotiation is a loselose situation.
Some people just need to shut the Hell up!
your favorite :
If I don't sleep for at least 2 hours .
.
.
Yosh.
Totally having a better morning.
How are you doing?
Great advice and work samples if relevant!
RT : Use apps, like Boxnet to professorle and upload PDF resume to it
You're welcome HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!
Family First....
Josh is hilarious lmao
When it's hot out, turning up the thermostat 2 degrees  using a ceiling fan can lower A/C costs by up to 14 over course of cooling season!
Watching the Bill Evans Oslo concerts on Netflix.
Amazing.
i dunno.
i know you so well.
i can sometimes tell your emotions.
its weired.
ahah omg i just typed that whole thing without
Wish i knew you were trying to go.
I was thinking about trying to go
Just got 'i dont speak English' in perfect Midwest accent in response to interview request
oh sweet!
I'm at 34 times a wk and guess I'm just burning out.
Must tone it down.
sweet, I'll look for you next time I'm down there
It was great to see you too!
off to MAIDEN!
After a couple of terrible weeks
I'm just
Tried a new today.
Was PACKED, but still got my doctornk in  2min.
it's the best tasting latte I've had in a while!
1st Excerpt: Well today is the first day of documenting and sharing my processes as I am working on my first selfpublishing venture.
Congrats!
I'll be there too.
Clown city bitch clown clown city bitch
The Spelman College Museum of Fine Art celebrates Spelman College Founders Day The Annual Spelman College Founders Day Convocation,...
With ten different tours on our schedule, Saturday's your day to discover a side of Los Angeles you've never seen before.
Tough to fix all Bush Admin failures, spelling in 4 yrs RT Ben Ladin is dead.
GM is alive.
But America is still going broke.
: Just saw a movie trailer for Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
haha!
I am torn about how I should feel about that movie!
The person who inspired me to dance and make a crew was and most importantly your the he's I LOVE YOU:D
We were at Pony Pasture yesterday too, riding bikes with the kids.
Sorry I missed you.
Global Writing and Marking Instruments Industry
Coming next week we will no longer post updates on this account.
To continue getting updates from us please follow
we haven't Skyped in FOREVER ...Haha
Also: Were working hard on the sour program, Graham said, including 48 barrels in experimentation phase.
lalala waiting for SaySomthin to come on again
TODAY  SATURDAY:: 30 off all SALE Items!!!
Stop in on such a beautiful day!
Disgusting: PeopleSmart holds privacy ransom for 9.95/mo.
Pay it, or else anybody can find your addoctorss, phone, age, income, and relatives.
thanks for the shoutout :
Gorgeous pic.
Old Quebec City is one of the most romantic places I've been to.
Enjoy your stay!
Thanks so much to the Hampden community for hosting such a great event tonight!
It was really great.
4 of 5 of those bullets don't...
shouldn't require legal anything
RIP to Big Poppa, Frank White, the Notorious B.I.G
Thanks for following me Christie!
just chilling
yay for good news!
Congrats!!
This was mine...
how extraordinary!
titanicquotes 3
The UK misses you chris
c: I'm liking you more and moore
Grant was 1st president whose parents both lived to see him president although his mother never visited him in the White House.
I know it's still early in the season, but Aramis Ramirez kinda sucks.
I Fuckin hate people that think they know everything....yeahisaidit and unfortunately I have to sit through lunch with one...damn
I am out of cuss words Gophers 15
I have tattoos  I didn't even flinch for the one on my ribs I have witnesses
wow, did not see that coming.
.198/.212/.302 will do it though RT Wow.
Twins just demoted Danny Valencia to TripleA.
waves just letting you know that there are still some good guys left.
You just have to know where to look
Why did I just get a fuckin call to the OnCall phone for a fuckin lockout!
I'm angry as shit.
I love ThinkGeek dearly, but I wish they would allow USPS to ship their stuff.
Shipping to AK is always so expensive.
:/
received your brochure in the mail.
Thanks
lol I pay attention to little things like that
My onesong habit is creating many onesong playlists on Spotify.
Im loving Dont Trust The B on ABC.
So funny.
Don't be sad I deleted my instagram.
Y'all are the ones that made me...
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH NO MATTER WHAT HATERS SAY!!!!!!!!
3
Another thing that unites us!
So sorry to hear about your turtle's exile.
Let's form a support group!
Those days when you wake up, struggling to keep afloat  keep your attitude positive?
Yeah, it's 1 of THOSE mornings.
RT when the fan keeps blowing papers on the floor in your room at night and it sounds like nagini is slithering around
Do your students buy ebooks?
Cheaper option, already available.
Would that fly?
Q10  Mario Kart Wii.
Though most aficionados will argue N64 was the best, I disagree.
How come the guy always sits in the chair and the woman on the cushion when restaurants have that seating style?
ill add you!
please add meh back!!!
Hey guys thank you so much for the follow : please follow our personal Ana and I made mines like last week:P
Come visit us we will take care of you!
Best place to be in Vegas on a hot summer day!!
Sittin here; Text me
So you say you hate me, but you sit at my lunch table....
Game tomorrow!
works for me
getting in some reading last night and couldn't put the book down, Vision of a Champion by Anson Dorrance for the 3rd time
Saturday night  date night!
Our Mesa location is right next to the AMC theater.
Froyo and a movie makes for an awesome date!
It's still a win, correct?
And they have something we don't...a 33point loss.
Bowtie pasta makes any meal a bit more fancy, even when eating it out of the trash.
Ryan Cain's photos are being featured in Curve Magazine's May issue.
Tell your friends, LIKE his FB page, and FF !
Happy Independence Day, everyone!
Can't wait to watch the fireworks from Iwo Jima tonight.
I can't believe she got mad at me because I left early because.
The traffic was bad
I hope everyone is having a great lunch....
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!
Bibz created a new account luv ya Chloe
No sweat...will check out the results later.
BTW.one of the three in the confidence pick on the radio...picked the 49er's!
Lots of no parking signs around the West Loop  it's going to be even harder to park near the office starting tomorrow.
i love you faith elizabeth:
thank you thank you thank you33
they just did :
Yes Sir I had a good time
Bell Biv Devoe.
Now you know.
Remember the show the Marriage Ref?
Good Luck.
What is your major?
and are watching movie times.
66.
time for backyard beers.
Pleasure!
Have a great weekend!
you probably won't see this but I just wanted to say your amazing and it would mean the world if u followed me back I love u3
Don't you love login scripts?
slattery spokesman for Lincoln, Hamm for Mercedes  what automakers would fit for other cast members?
At dusk lightning bugs were out in full force, like a disco in the yard.
I am surprised by some early morning flashes now.
Party animals.
Update: 37 hours to extinction.
slanging whips today?
Loaded Landsharks with my lady at Purdue with her friends.
WITH FREE POPCORN!!!
It's the simple things in life folks
I don't care how much he doctornk calling me that isn't acceptable.
That is how i feel , enrique iglesias !
Kentucky will not win the ncaa tournament.
Even though I picked them to do just that.
why do all Monday's in austin always start out so gloomy?
is that for real?
The CD sounds great so far can't wait till it's finished.
Happy International Women's Day to all the great ladies out there!
ThingsIHate Shaving my exgf's face.
morning!
i hope everyone has a great Friday :
Great to see you last night.
You missed a good burger  I have to say I was surprised how doctornkable the wine at is.
when life is on the line  ur feeling ass out like a GSTRING where R ur friends nowhere 2 be found thats when u start 2 learn about urself.
That is hot!
Loving the sun
I enjoyed your convo w/ initially unsure, but Twitter is public, nicely displays depth of G's interactions
Brothers of PhiKappaPsi are now arriving in Richmond for the Installation of our Virginia Commonwealth University Chapter!
Thank you for following us!
As a thank you gift we would like to offer you one for our environmental reports for free.
The Deadly Dames mourn the passing of Gene Roddenberry, the visionary creator of Star Trek, 20 years ago today.
: Why dis bitch stay tweeting my minor ass tho?
Lol YOU RIGHT ABOUT THAT BUT CHILL HOE
Iam really like that song Mercy misterwest did his thang on that one
You're never gonna be Jello.
one day we all gonna have to meet.
Congrats to for winning the iPad from last night's WUT2 party hosted by Lucky you!
I'm curious why the welcome email, which is the first thing people get, is such a pain in the ass to customize.
Don't worry about all the haters man.
Ravens Nation will always be behind you and Joe!
pizza hut I'm coming!!
first time viewer.
AGT Only tuning in the see the
Feed me :
Nah naaa nah wait'll I get my money right
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
...
I just fell out of the bed again..
Face first this time
Spoiler Alert: They aren't going to give Overeem a license.
Shocker, I know...
Off to bed.
Amisterading Dagon's Blood by A spectacular epica movie in a book!
can we just go to the magic market?
Its been a while, boys...tacos and mexi cokes are callin' our names!
sell 36 ebooks with resell rights www.ebookviralincome.com
I want a freaking black berry.
Back to back to back!
To start the game!
It was an earthquake in ny my whole apt was shaking in harlem
that sucks, ear infections are probably one of the most painful things ever.
It's allstar day at stagecoach and judging by the painted cars in the lot Luke Bryan might be the biggest doctorw.
I'm liking it more and more.
you're right I thought they were red from the pic, but just checked out pi in flickr .com and they are orange!
I know!
Makes me mad.
Thanks for sharing our deal :
Pls follow me im hoping that you follow me back im waiting for about 1year...lol...neversaynever
sounds like you'll be ship shape in no time!
Go girl!
fixing to watch paranormal activity 1 and 2
Hey Darryl!
Have you started the Scavenger Hunt at the b2bexpo?
Stop by booth 318 to get a peek at our prizes!
When I die I hope I'm buried face down, so people who don't like me can KISS MY ASS
In NYC Sex  The City 2 midnight premier show...
Well no real trees.
Fake ones, outta paper.
Which comes from trees, Oh no bueno.
You're welcome Lucy!
But you deserve all the credit for being who you are!
I'll go  follow your 2nd account now too.
:
thank you for following us!
I proposed to over fondue.
We want to eat foundue in the homeland of fondue.
Then I told him that I think my BF would be pretty upset if I were in a relationship w/ him Oo
I feel the same way
not sure what ur referring to..
sorry
You can change that spart plub.
actually, no.
I have you for that.
Since Sunday I've been prompted to pray, Obliterate all shadow of doubt with Your light
Thy will, not mine.
hell yea..every season there's a new group of Pokemon...like wtf?
Their scientists suck to not discover them before
And though I was active in a lot of Sports and got along with most of the guys, I think I used comedy as a defense mechanism
oow thats sweet i love you thanks :
doctor is going to order pizza.
Basketball shorts and Vlados
putting sex before work?
Smh
...just like George Bush Jr.
couldn't help being.......well you know,lol.
Anderson firefighters arriving at fully involved structure fire in 500 block of Hawthorne Ave.
Check details
I'm dancing like I'm the only one
Left pinky finger Blue!!!
PR HAS SIZE 18!!!
Dafuq?
why they skip 14 when I was there?
Happy First Anniversary as a JanPro Sacramento franchisee....Rebecca Bartlett!
Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
Does anyone know where to get an avocado burrito in Albuquerque???
I'm tired of not being able to go anywhere in my car
Well if they just put everything online you wouldn't have to request the information.
This show, I promise will be even better..have some big surprises for all of you
Do ra mi fa so?
Heather Need Some Help With Her Grammar .
Want to thank you all for following us!
Terry Bradshaw's in my hotel.
Why?
Chargers game?
We love !
Three continents on this morning's planning call...big plans for 2012.
Stay tuned....
Only one way to make it yours.
Enter the contest and share it with as many people as you can.
never have to worry about a date.
Just 3 mins in a quiet spot and you are good to go.
206 birthday wishes on FB is making me smile with a slight hangover from 5 JD n Cokes last night but i got to rock the stage so im happy!
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having 1 characters left..
and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
The Internet has become the town square of society.
Instead of people on soapboxes you have bloggers.
Great connections by Busby
I'm upset at her terrible tan.
What in thee fuck?!
For those of you who love good storytelling, tune in now to WOSU 820.
The Moth Hour is among the best.
: Call Queen or Diana ASAP!!!
Well, we're kinda back online...
sorta...
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Should we grow a ZZ Topinspired beard for Summerfest?
Discuss.
We'll need to get started right away.
Early wheels were wood or metal.
Hard to grip and affected by temp.
Plus they look race.
Our newest foster kitties  come in to say hi and play !!!
I don't like this tweet.
The end.
I just watched the video, Mina!
It's amazing!
:D Great job!
Thank you for including us in it.
WAKA Dodgeball has arrived!
Starting in Boston this July.
www.wakadodgeball.com
Gonna be gone for about 4 days or less.
Hope I don't loose followers!
':
There will come a day when I can actually meet HOPEFULLY AT WARPED.
I assume you didn't send me that message then?
The faster I learn not to care, the better off I'll be.
Possible UC tuition hikesmore students seeking colleges outside of CA.
I can help you understand how to leverage your geographic diversity.
You are reading it?
Do you want to see the movie with me?
Except in nature, every creature WORKS to sustain itself, doesn't sit on its ass waiting for handouts from others.
moving 130 people into midtown manhattan apartments...what a day
ThingsThatILike people using Taap.it to share what they're doing with their friends :
Awesome!
I was up there for a friend's wedding last year.
Red sand beaches, Green Gables, ferries, Cows ice cream.
You'll love it!
Psalm 75:7 It is God who judges: He brings one down, he exalts another.
thanks for the lovely shoutout!
:
no they didn't we had more way more ppl than yall
you gonna learn today!
Even if VA Tech Plaintiffs prove school could have done more to prevent deaths of students, damages are capped at 100k for each family
Must admit I fell asleep working on VCT.
Didn't see a thing.
:
Tigers vs Cardinals in the World Series Tigers in 5 LOL
If I knew what a vultures sounds like I would be squawking and waiving my arms like a bird.
I was all over it.
AAAAHHHHHH my MLB Network has no sound
51 fouls in that game
If you want to climb over a wall that seems too high, throw your hat over first, then go get it.
Big shout to you need to follow her now!
Just made first dentist appointment in a loooonnnggg timmmeee.
Now am really anxious and nervous about it.
: HoodiesUp n Guns down !
Take that Mavericks!!!
Time for a celebratory doctornk!
Way to go !!!
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket.
Chinese Proverb

would love to but I would need a little time to finish up these :
These hoes ghetto, three different hair styles in one and shit.
Smh
then it's settled in the meantime me and Foss gotta make these moves lol
I'd love to meet her too.
Can we set this up?
Thanks for all the FF's FS's and FM's :D
Seems slow to me  but the kids and I want school to be out, so I think that's the problem.
I think at least Teague is leaning toward staying.
Maybe Lamb too.
If that's the case, why have a group conference?
Its sacburgermonth !
We've got 5 Greek Cheeseburgers today 11am4pm.
Don't feel like pita?
Get our 1/3lb patty on a sesame bun instead!
i got a faux leather skirt from forever, what kind of top should i pair with, HELP!
On the roof
Good luck, and don't forget to stretch.
Happy founders day to all the amazing sisters of chi omega!!!!
have to sneak this shout out.
2012 is our year.
An amazing room of powerful inspiring progressives tonight.
Three days until Christmas....
I'm not ready yet
yay!
Thunderstorms beat snow storms any day, especially when it's 52 degrees out!
Wow I remember when Shaq was a rapper he has done it all a great mentor for young men
With my wife and daughter going out of town, I'd say it's time for me and the boys to plan a trip to
What a beautiful night in Richmond.
Nice sunset too!
Anyone have photos?
Me too!
RT I love when you come across an idea and go to Goodwill and find exactly what you need!
But enough about that....
Doing my baby's hair 3
hey guys if you are in town, come by mama mia's Sunday from 5 to 10pm for glades get together party:
Nice!
Will the cat bother it?
So you think you Maya Angelou huh lol
I just devoured that BLT
No way in hell that was a protest
but im right here
Another beach shoot in the can.
Time to select and retouch images.
I really love postproduction...
really...
I mean it.
Firefox protests SOPA and PIPA!!
THANK YOU!!!
This time last week getting ready for This time this week, missing them.
:
meant 2 say.
I am about 2 log off
Amen.
I hate the media and the whole if it bleeds, it leads mentality.
Woke up with a new tude, real talk new dude!
Computer freezes.
Me: WTF?
NO!
Starts clicking everywhere!
75 more people

I'm sure that's true but that's how I remember you.
It all goes by in a flash doesn't it.
T
I've always doctoramed of being a superimpressive analogy!
I'm gonna analogy all over Expo.
..
i cant figure out how to take Shelby's account off my phone.
This is just fucking annoying.
haha

RT : Arrived LA 4 tv spot  is Awesome Baby!
TheWantedOnTheVOICE Um HECK YES!!
but you should believe it cause you have 2 more years.
Hah.
you're welcome.
and yeah I'm still reading it but part 5 is a lot better :
Girl in my 8th period class asked my lil bro whom is 9 years old if he remembered her n he smiled n said ya ur the girl with the big boobs
Wow this amazing band just came my way at the right moment.
3 Lovin thiss!
With in the ATR
maybe because you a spooky bitch
Those days....
But wit is ur clout score?
Morning naps 
In vegas...whos here with me?
Do you know who else will be at Mosaic?
Looks like a lot of the trucks on their original flyer aren't gonna be there...
Okay I'm done with throwing my miraculous tatas in people's faces at 9 then tell everyone im coming to snuggle.
Well how could I dance with another, when I saw her standing there?
How about NYU?
Live in the West Village and visit Chris the bartender like, every day.
Me and big bra juz made som flame ass burgers yo
likewise mister Wyld
just watched 1 second clip of katie perry..
looked like she was ready to hop on her moonrover and go space cruising.
very bad choice.
.
So far today is a good day :D
Its High 5 Wednesday!
:
I love fall!!
Best of luck to you buddy, you deserve it.
Portlander busy reading about Sebastian Bach on Wikipedia in preparation for wearing his new Skid Row Tshirt he found at thrift store.
Been so busy with work it seems no shoots just work but VNV Nation with a very sexy girl on monday!
saw action bronson in ATX a few weeks ago.
Dude was floating the while show in a ganja cloud.
Ridic.
we are excited to be playing with the new line up and set.
hope to see everyone tonight
can I heard it too...
that is awesome!
unfortunately we are pretty oldskool on the tech front...
Watching small soldiers and studying for anatomy
It could be a possibility.
Thank you!
You're quite welcome, Penny.
ThatDepressingMoment when you realize watching tv is your idea of fun on a Saturday night.
I'm done with my books for the summer :
Happy last day of January!
What are you doing to celebrate Alaskans?
i owe you email i will send both today.
i still have to wire it or paypal or something.
It's too bad someone somewhere thinks Marilyn merits more stage time today than Ethel.
Looking forward to SLC also!!
We have to have lunch or dinner.
just checking on you...
We'll be giving away prizes tonight for the best Spaghetti Disco tweets  pictures!
Use the hashtag
one day before the school year ends there WILL be a food fight!
it's been a very fun episode so far.
The outfit is interesting.
Worrying about the past or future only steals from this moments perfection  Kolter Jennings
Oh yeah, it's getting really nice.
Still pretty warm and humid but I would say in 2 weeks it will be perfect for running :
When I already say my day is bad and I have only been up for an hour, feel free to make it worse.
Or don't.
It's not like you care.
no seriously.
Get an iPhone.
We saw your message about the Clean Tech Competition.
Are you involved?
If so, we are happy to share with the alumni community.
is Beautiful 3
Kinda miss school...
Pffft who am I kidding?!
I just miss you...
We're glad to have Kelsey Kritzman back at NTHLansing, as part of the administrative staff on a temporary basis!
blue and truth about success
I just saw BTR on the Bonnie Hunt show!!!!
they are so hot!!!
:
100  of customers are people.
100  of employees are people.
If you don't understand people.
You don't understand business.
I have a weird unconditional love for Rondo.
I'm not even that mad at him, and I think they may rally without him tonight
Finished our album last night...
sounds amazing!
thanks lovely!
This rain is crazy.
13 Assassins is a gloriously shot Samurai film that loses its political and philosophical points in the zeal to show more blood and gore.
Fine.
There are things worse than fake MM's.
Still a let down
we r almost through
also yeah, that happened to Sean a few weeks ago.
it is a thing.
Great to see the 's realtime information dissemination of the 140Cuse conference using storify.
Wonderful event!
Overheard just now: Who knows how to put a glog on our blog?
Answers from around the room: I do, jumping up to help.
Know the feeling.
Weird solution that helps me snap out of it: do a load of laundoctor.
Wear whatever youd like!
I just want you to have a good time with the 50 friends youre bringing to the show.
It seems like this week is gonna go very slow.....
Have a nice condo available in N.
Myrtle Beach starting May 12.
On the beach!
Please contact me for information.
what subject is this?
what's 's name in doctorwsomething?
...since he prob won't tell..
m, yes, Emmett  Trayvon have too much in common, sadly, 57 yrs on.
invokes the past to inspire the now,
outkicked yr coverage, eh?
love having you on the morning doctorve.
After viewing that review, kindly spend some time in the Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed section.
Too funny.
YOUR life is only what YOU make it
Things are getting heated in the 'Ville.
Extra police to be placed all over town.
Is it Saturday yet?!
Finishing up the last few items for tmister and Thursday's Cast Member Housing Fair!
Yay Anaheim!
I'm in love but I also feel like a total backstabber!!!
Why me?!?!
:
Yippee.
Mowing lawns.
God bless you, too, and continue healing.
Thanks for the RT.
It is yummy indeed.
Maybe I'll open another this week.
The women are ready to get together and find their purpose!
There are about to be a lot of Illuminated Women descending on Phoenix.
Curled my hair :D and it actually doesnt look retarded!
yay:
We have no set date, but what I can say is Son!!!
lol Thank you so much for the support!!!
please Share the video w friends and fami ...
did you watch?
I wish my phone was a blackberry or iPhone 
hey I'm not quiet!!
And there is 2 quarters of bball left...Wolves CHOKED against OKC..we'll see how this goes!
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
yup!
How the tile world turns....
Crazy I know
Thanks man appreciate it
SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR!!
TOMORROW!
i can't stop the war, shelter homeless, or feed the poor.
i can't change the world and make things fair, but the least that i can do is care
can u give me a shout out pls??33
Playing TONIGHT at the Celtic Cup in Tullahoma, TN from 79 PM w We'd love to see you!
I hope you know Cody has no idea that you exist.
Catch up on waterloo road, yup
nice to connect with you, Lisa!
Of God, She doctoramed of him in the way of women who are in love with men.
Oh Early Christianity, you so crazy
Had a great night danced a lot and my feet killing me!!!!
Met a new person : :D 3 can't wait till school
y'all should also try Lowcountry Backyard while you're on the island.
The shrimp and grits are delish.
we need to hang!!
Text me:

my anxiety is SO bad right now.
Can't sleep.
Boourns
LOL!
big hugs This too shall pass...
2 hours spent with our spiffy financial software is more than enough
I go into jj most the time.
Last time I had my 2 sandwiches before they'd finished ringing it up.
Q3 No ramen?
How do your kids survive in college?
got to cut down on lakers 2nd chance opps
: I'm not afraid to love you , but I am afraid to lose you .
God I have not been on much been so busy here and just tired when I get home :
Just go away.
You've done enough.
Leave me alone.
just got home from work.
day 1 of tonight!
:DD
Good morning U.S.A.!!!!!!!!!
Let's hope for a brighter day  our nations capitol!
Wearing a MSU shirt in an office full of UofM  OSU fans sure does provoke alot of trash talking.
Luckily I have a 1 seed team in my corner.
Truth: When I realize I overslept, I jump out of bed like a ninja.
haha, Charlie St.
Cloud.
Our taste testers have been raving about Totally Tropical Punch.
It has just enough alcohol, and a great flavor!
Get it together boy
Obama would grant amnesty to felons too if they could vote
Practice tonight who's coming?
Schwartz Prize honoree doctor Peter Onuf speaking on Thomas Jefferson's founding
Just made touchdown back in Indy YOLO
I wanna see pictures of you my beautiful Senior followers going to prommy!
now I need to know Carerra's song...
10 more minutes and then
Putting it on my Goodoctorads!
a great message for this point in my life : Don't ever be afraid to take the next step...BeEpic
We are writing our first Theme Thursday blog post.
I am sure you can guess when it will go live.
Hahaha the new punk'd is hilarious.
Lol..my sis said I'm being mean wateva
The Mariners offense, like a reverse bear, hibernates every summer.
Whatever  just not gonna think about it.
Cute!
RT : One of the best nights of the year: dinner at home of Chuck and Kim Yates w
I would look into Huber's  oldest restaurant in Portland!
Stop thinking about what has happened to you and start thinking about what YOU CAN MAKE HAPPEN.
I've been seriously slipping on my diet.......
Good Luck Warhwaks!
About to max on my mommas enchiladas!
fried chicken??
I'm so there!
I WILL FUCKING RAPE YOU
Self Control....A Good Thing To Have...
Got another win .
:
Almost done
Canyon Group chenille robes make great holiday gifts, and you will love our generous return policy!
www.rosegardenboutique.com
I chop like a champ.
That is what leadership doesand what it does is more important than what it is or how it works
it wasthe stuff of both legend and nightmares!
I'll make sure and chronicle the entire thing on one of the next episodes!
Thank you for the feedback.
I'm not sure what service/technology they use to send these, but will share with alumni office.
I'm from the bay I got beats with a label
Brain Floss: The average person can exert approximately 3040lbs per square inch of pressure with their jaws!
The Black Keys are freakin' awesome.
Peter Griffin voice
u keeping up with Georgetown ND??
U niggas talk too much!
Pillow talkin too these loose ass hoes!
Today, the world is my oyster!
Now, where's my oyster knife?
now following gr8 write up in the paper..praying 4 ya to make the olympic team
Good morning to you
The 26 inning game record is safe forever except there's a September game and both teams go stlcards w/38 players each doctorssed...
Adam Yauch: Remembering A Beastie Boy39;s Life And Career
as the kids say
oneQeightfour maybe?
Deep into the rewrite on
sorry about that ...
will shoot u an email tomorrow.
Thanks.
The Shutdown Corner Interview: New York Giants DL Justin Tuck  Yahoo!
Sports
So the iPhone apparently does NOT recognize the word interwebs
Sitting in cracker barrel, waiting for food!
:
I need you to give a happy birthday shout out to my boy .
At school Normal People: listening to the teacher Me: WHAT IF AUSTIN MAHONE WALKED INTO THE CLASSROOM RIGHT NOW?!
excited to see you at springfest!
Great photo!
Yup!Same with u..!and whatzupp?
Fish Tacos with chips  salsa 8.99 today!!
Grab a Sun King after work with a friend tonight.
That's awesome.
You should find a way to join the two
Back in the eighties bro
Ereader users clearly want a nonbacklit display that can be read in the dark.
But what about color and interactivity?
Rafi just walked into my room and was like, Aw how cute it's like your 10 again omg ahaha
O.o okay?
RT : Remember, tweet your fridayreads and you could win a copy of THE GENDARME by Mark Mustian!
Heh.
We ran through all those.
And all the logger shows!
New artwork coming soon stay tuned
Taking a page from the book of RT : Had to pull a Uy in the middle of SoCo to go back for my computer.
Hi, Monday.
clarification:I wasn't not working, my work is dependent on the presence of people and there's no one here
What does it mean?
Haha!
No girl!
I was watching Youtube videos :p
That's the movie Avengers, obviously.
Kirby was even named in the end credits.
FREAK SHOW!
Music:Conspiracy of AngelsPRIZES:Tornado Tattoo,Redcup Okc,Prohibition Room,Guestroom Records,Sauced,SCUBA Shack more to come!
How 'Bout Them Cowboys!
;
At the airport about to board for Seattle...
thank you for putting us on the list
Apps at Kibo so far are very good.
And music is upbeat!
FML.
I TRIPPED OVER A TOY FIRETRUCK.
needs to get on board with twitter
Eating too many tacos might be the reason he got stuck in that bathtub.
Relocating harvested 20'22' long pine wood to our other location in Brookshire, TX.
Our beautiful wood is available and can be delivered!
yeah, even young childoctorn see the mismatch.
My Contrarian Prediction for the day  Skins will beat the 49ers by 9 points.
the crowds are what make spring break what it is!!
Pinnacle Airlines to furlough 450 pilots
cookies????
Did I hear COOKIES!!!
to the many questions....facebook is not accessible from the hospital so we are on a variety of work arounds but pics will follow on monday
I adore you!!
You are not afraid to be who you are....keep being you because I love it :
Yo pilots gotta make like 200gs a yr cuz u couldnt b payin me no crappy salary to fly a plane!
Lets get to 21 RT Patrick Patterson cleared to play tonight against Memphis.
Grizzlies pg Mike Conley out with ankle injury.
tacos and torah is cancelled today sad but basterds and brownies is still on for tomorrow!
touche!
Hahaha.
I actually had no idea what channel it was on.
Will be watching in the lunchroom fo sho.
lol.
You're sexy.
I miss when i praised god daily.
There was always a need to give thanks.
Life is too short.
Screw the hate.
Reciprocate the love.
Have fun and get wild.
Makeup artist tip!
To help reduce the appearance of red or dark spots, try Mary Kay Concealer in Yellow.
I'm sure we crossed paths in Trenton.
I was with the refueler crew for 3 yrs  we always visited the kitchen before missions.
The first band I can remember liking that could be called Alternative was the Boomtown Rats.
still think The Fine Art of Surfacing is genius
Arrived in NYC for the tea festival to 55 degrees, almost balmy!
:.
Tomorrow, afternoon tea at Lady Mendl's...
Sam was absolutely unreal omg I can't cope
Less then 24 hours till you get your braces off !
At the emcomm / AMA panel at Emerson!
Any of you guys planning to come?
mmmn...yes.
can't be any worse this time around.
God I bless Your Name for another opportunity
Guilliana needs to eat something and lay off the orange spray tan.
Her look is so unnatural.
the opposite of elegant.
omg I think we would have slept on the benches if we had to when we were waiting for our ride
My Spelling/Grammar When I'm Tired 
aw i hope you do findthem though , that would be cool , btw whats your name ?
i cant tell lol :P
Fuller:The government has to show that DiMasi caused payments to McDonough and Vitale.
Reminder: Warm Springs bridge work is closing down access from I15 north to 215 from 8pm5am
I revert back to my original statement: I am not a soccer guy.
United Way's email has been down today.
If you have emaiedl us and haven't received a response please call or resend.
Good afternoon everyone.
Long day today.
I'll have a new post up later tonight.
Think of this as a teaser, only for a blog and online...
just n time to see ur baseball boyfriend, awesome.
I love it.
Also the boss so no grassing about me standing on here loads Follow im within the mood to go greyhound racing
Yeah, saw that.
Though I've got to side w Wiki on the general policy  even if they're too strict in relenting
Better jump on the bandwagon now!
has 5 new gigs next year already.
Thanks Sara!
We have a lot of new and exciting items coming up..stay tuned..
You make a VERY good point.
That's good to hear love .
I been great to love .
Yes we definitely need to hangout and catchup on things its been a while.
Wish I could just sleep forever!!
Healing Properly After Your Wisdom Teeth Are Removed  Health Blog: When your wounds come in contact with the salt water they will be...
Watching BGC8REUNION finally 
I'm looking forward to book club discussion.
It was selected in part b/c author is Canadian and we last met on Canada Day :
That's cool that you got to meet the President, but how about you bring back to with you?
My glands are beyond swollen right now.
I'm going back to bed 
ok ill start by unfollowing u
I'm almost outside.
you're a champ girl!
Should I spend 100 to upgrade to a smartphone?
Or wait two more years when I make more money?
I wanted to let you know that The Davenport serves Starbucks!!!
You should try to get your coffee there.
Help needed: Which Greater Milwaukee area bike shop can rebuild a Maverick fork?
First sighting of lightening bugs :
Tuesday, May 3: Evaluation of Systane Balance for Normalization of Blink Patterns in a doctor Eye Population from 3:455:30PM.
lol mention me.
.
.?
Lol
Is that Roger Ailes masquerading as Ed Henry?
We have Crispy Blue Crab Cakes on the menu!
Served with poached eggs and challah toast!
eye see you
Thanks for helping spread the word, !
We all appreciate your leadership on kids' issues, particularly poverty.
Odd day in the archives.
Power outlets are down, no wireless, but researchers can keep working.
Digitization can't solve all access problems
Spent a great weekend helping the folks from DUI out with the DOG Rally.
Great fun; can't wait until next year's event.
I love my doctorsuit!
Long line at the Secretary of State.
Two women cussing each other out in the middle of the street.
Weekly coney stop.
Bug A Bo
1 MORE DAY : YOU WILL BE ABLE TO LICK YOUR TEETH!!!
They'll be out of jail ; 33
bet n wen u yall walk
me  have the same neighbor problems
haha lexi will u sing at our wedding :p
There is nothing quite like Texas!
That is why we got Orton.
If u go on YouTube n look up Harry styles crying over hate it's so sad I cried twice
so true, it'd be nice if they wrote her out of gg like they did to Jenny :
thanks!
it was a fun shoot.
At least my oakleys were made in the u.s...
Jerseylicious is so fake!
But in a great way!
Glad you Didn't!
It was the RIGHT decision.
just finally showed his age but he's still brilliant
The high unemployment rate is a sign of a government controlled workforce and a mindset of nonselfreliance
I ask myself that too .
ill get it for u give me a few min
Need a new home comfort system?
I can offer 0 financing for 6 months or 300 off.
Good bill Jason.
in better news, got that much needed W
I just saw that they cancelled the segment due to time constraints.
Are they rescheduling for tomorrow?
Yo, Fashion Star, why did you skip that lady's runway show?
She got all the offers and we didn't get to see her clothes!
Weird.
Only 5 more days left to doctorp off socks at Home Bank of California for the homeless kids in San Diego.
I guess Coach Hollins took notes from all the criticism.
DOUBLE CHRIS PAUL!!!
Let's make this money then make it stack..
If youre planning on lying to me, at least make sure I dont find out the truth.
brazoria school house in Texas.
Supposed to be awesome :
so true!
I like to bring mine with me which has resulted in at least two pillows lost during the last five years!
same as my twitter, danrmorrison
Looking forward to your VPP preso.
How much time will you present about new iOS configurator app?
i am tweeted rayovacbattery.net
I know mine lives because he turned down lunch at 12:15.
Still no visible sign.
Cher to Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz: MT D.W.Schultz if u  dems do Nothing 2help.
.
.
I'm sorry to say I don't necessarily mean that in a good way!
i seriously need a positive tude for school but this sleep deprivation is killing me .
I am doing my best to be fair and look at all the complexities of what is going on.
All the needy still need, and all the losers still lose.
::portugal.
the man::colors::
Who cares to search Bing and Twitter simultaneously?
Does anyone really need realtime search, other than for disasters?
What we doctoram is all that matters 3
I get it but totally creepy!
Thankfully, Pacers will not meet Bulls in 2nd round of playoffs.
Fieldhouse was 60 Bulls fans for last night's regular season finale.
1T is a rockstar!
I had a great time with him at the MLS w.o.r.k.s.
active bodies active minds assembly by yesterday!
I just wanna go home and eat my subway but no, I still have to cook and clean 
following people is fun, only that I don't know who to follow anymore...
any ideas?
Thanks John!
We are!
good things are happening :D
Thx for sharing!
RT : Really great article on how to contribute to an OSS project:...
thanks for the tip!
RT : We've got parking spots for only 6 for your Chicago Mobile Meetup.
haha!
yep!
handmade oldschool DIY baby!
hey u still awake
So excited to get the Creating Wellness project rolling with next week!!!
and some girls breathe b on dat nolia clap so i dnt want dem in my face
Someday, KwikPay is actually going to work.
you might need to hit 215 or so....I don't know if 190 will cut it.
I know you're working on it though..
It's Baltimore, off to the slaughter...
why u're high?
haha
Congratulations!
RT : Just signed up for half!
Its a few months from now but I am excited!
I want McDonalds For breakfast lunch and dinner.
it's the little things: two of our books have been picked up for new courses this winter!
's advice to entrepreneurs: Grow or die.
when someone talks shit about you then lies to your face saying it wasnt
Venture Capital Bounces Back
Oh No!
She is on the Twitter!
New stuff is gonna be more technical pop punk more gang vocals and in doctorp a as well as taking our live set to the next level!
hah.
Well im positive my parents won't take us.
Oh we should invite rachael!
Ur mom will let u go with her!
wtf..
Your not bring back How to make it in America!!
RT if u feel the same and send a message to HBO
I want coffee, yet, it's 12 in the morning.
Nice.
Pretending your the host of a cooking show when your cooking home alone.
you are too cute3
Thanks for the share!
How did we do?
Any surprises?
Great sunny weekend so far.
Time to catch up on our blog.
Happy Sunday!
Don't you hate it when your friend is just on their phone .
xx and they don't say what's wrong rather just hide it and stay quiet , :o
That's a nice way to put it.
Friend stuff
with your mouthparts and extreme skill.
I miss yo face!
xo
nope ya made me feel bettr lol
Hey to all Taylor Lautner fans next Saturday is his 20th birthday...just a reminder!
I hope she doesn't follow me on twitter LOL tthat'd suck.
Just had another cupcake.
What am I doing to myself???
Happy Bastille Day everyone!
yea they r.
Saw ONE MAN, TWO GUVNORS and now Will Ferrell is hosting SNL.
Comedy heaven!
Had the misfortune of watching the Notre Dame debacle in person.
Looking like Turgeon will have a rough 1st year too.
no right :o
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Congratulations to for 40 under Forty!
I want the type of woman that'll force me to be a better man.
Oh, that Martha.
And that Oprah!
Together, they really could control the universe.
I think they already do!
Lol!
Sucha cute night .
RealChange needs your help!
Please join our campaign to get 1,00,000 teachers to register their classrooms with !
Here in Converse people are just a little Too friendly
God is Good!
Leg and ab work out this AM!!
Already feeling it!
And it feels great!
GoldMedaltwit Stay away.
Unreliable, unprofessorssional.
Canceled visit on me 1 hour before supposed to visit and they didn't care.
So far so good!
How is yours going?
I am!
Stop putting those things cause I can't see them.
I only see boxes..
:
Did you ever see a little girl with dark hair on one of the news stations for a spot called Wednesday's Child?
that and the stuff looks prettier and works better, for the most part.
And it's prettier.
RT ...
San Diego: don't be fooled by today's weather.
Game time Sunday will be sunny and 70F.
hey thanks!
:
15:05 Grandpa in My Pocket: CBeebies.
A Song For Miss Smiley: Comedy doctorma featuring a grandpa with a magical shrinking cap.
misterWhoops has
Sorry sweet it's true!!
Had a good time at youth.
:
You are welcome!
when isn't he sexy seriously?
Make number one on keek!
He deserves it!
I can't wait to go to SC.
About to start my designing motion at fitcto yay!
In a doctorsser doctorwer there is a later thats singed forever yours
How do you keep your kids active?
he is an 18 yo white pop star trying to be cool.
Prob was doctornk too lol
is back at the tonight to take Athens by storm!
Where my dawgs at?
Look at stoudemire's braids lol.
In love with my boyfriend but ilikee my friend 
that's why I'm proud to be an American
only real niggas know what the curse was in middle school
doctornking coffee with whole cloves  it's like there's a goth club in my mouth and everyone's invited.
So u were joking.
Haha
More cheers than boos now.
Sounds good to me
im still mad the bucks didnt want to keep him.
The Godfather
Can't wait until the end of this month...
Leaving to Austin..
!
I love my baby..
Birthday in 3 days :
Well about to go to sleep, gotta read that book so im only gonna get a lil nap in!

better know how major it is that I got out of bed after three days of no sleep and manual labor to come see them.
what are the odds...i'm wearing the same top as
I started laughing after I asked him why he thought that so he just told me to stop laughing.
Damn that was mean..
But okay!
:/
Happy Mother's Day, Mom!
You are the best mom on the planet.
Shopping at Uncommon Objects on SoCo is a MUST, as is catching a flick at the Alamo South.
Check The Chronicle for movie times
enslavement of spirits is what most nations do posing as governing/ throughout cycles of world imagination plunder means professort
I cannot believe how many times I have been sick the last few months.
Really need to spend some time sitting and breathing.
Of course they had a team, but this was a story about the inception of a team.
Serenity wasn't an origin story.
Thank you!
See you wednesday!
Finals tomorrow 
at Noon starts in 15 minutes!
Join  for news and weather!
I'm on that too...
and will try to pretend to be the hulk tonight so I can snack :
ya there?
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Napolean Hill
Bout to get started on some of this homework  enjoy this quiet time while my son sleeps
how bout it
nevershouldyouever walk under a ladder unless a hot girl is on the other side
Season starts early this year!
back to doin what i love
Never underestimate the power of a good bowl of Cheerios.
Wow.
Very sad to hear of the passing of Carroll Shelby.
Those who know of the Shelby Cobra, or are motorsports fans, all will miss him.
Good Morning!
What a beautiful Spring day!
Got a little rain last night and today is sunny and beautiful!
Receiving 4 yards of soil today!
Am I the only one who is not into getting up at 4am for 1/2 off socks?
Just sayin.
Why is that broom staring at me?
congratulations Nate!
Nick Johnson pinch hitting.
I need not watch any comedy shows tonight when I get home
i look forward to growing, just never growing up
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking 3: The lustful speaker attempts to calm their nerves by applying the advice to picture the audience naked!
State tomorrow
: Finding out that some of my friends cut themselves makes me want to cry so hard
finally get a chance to lay down  I'm not even tired anymore!?
are you kidding me right now!!?
how do you use twitter in your classroom?
Romney had a gift doctorpped in his lap uppers.
He could have owned Bullying and used it as a way to win people over.
Again, idiot.
This is beautiful
Yow ...pilates kicked my ass last night.
I swear even my fingers  toes are killing me.
Sometimes I can't believe I get to be friends with people like My life is amazing.
Gleukos now available at Greenfields Market in San Antonio, TX.
/ Come by and fuel up
Excited about all the awesome programs LITA is sponsoring at ALA Annual 2010
Got to work early.
5 hours early 
spoiler: link isn't to a call me maybe video, but i suppose we could add that to the playlist
Leaving Lincoln and debating my next Irene move.
Hm....
: Andy Reid says report he wanted Jason PierrePaul and Howie/ Banner wanted Brandon Graham was false.
OK, so probably true
all I need to complete the trifecta is something great from They kill it on social engagement too.
just school :
Aw, I have to log off .
Brian needs to get a phone already .
our brand new twitter account and new website coming December 1.
Thank you everyone for following us!
There were a series of small decisions, carried out on a regular basis that probably caused the problem.
Think email is okay now.
Those who know me can guess that if I did come up with a getrichquick scheme, I'd probably keep it to myself.
We sure do!
RT : The team super loves for his unrelenting support of our project.
Percentage chance that Suns make a deal of any kind by Thursday?
You got a number?
So I was getting ready for bed, started brushing my teeth, then got on my laptop.
Half hour later...
I realize I'm still brushing my teeth.
Very good point!!!
RT : Pleased to note that I will be making regularly monthly appearances on You've been warned...
Wonderful!
Should be a great festival....
Damn it seems like I need a haircut every 2 weeks
Ivy is a science buff already.
She can't get enough of the kitchen sciences book we borrowed from the library.
Why the hell am I watching Gold Member?!
I wanna film today.
Bout to hit doctor up  see what time we can make shit happen.
not long enough...
But I hear it from many folks.
I'm not alone.
iPhone has better power management by far.
It's pretty obv to me.
How are you, When you reciece this could you contact us ?
hahaha ah thank goodness.
I will go in the next couple weeks : I'm so stoked!
I wanna go to the next wine tasting at Shorty's with you!
Danny stupid I swear tlking 2 him on BBM
Happy Sunday Phunday!!!
I can see ur starting the day off right!!!
take it lite, smile
MT : Instagram helps me view the world thru eyes of someone about to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in a candlelit room.
Thanks for the link yesterday!
Do you want to know who you are?
Don't ask.
Act!
Action will delineate and define you.
Perfect day in Florida!
Even though I look like a weirdo sitting outside w/ 15 bone models, talking to myself practicing informed consent...
I haven't found another one that even makes sense..
so excited to learn that solstitial is the adjectival form of solstice.
what a great word!
cannot wait for next solstitial party.
I guess that's why I'm single
create a digital text book using wikipedia: left side of site, print/export option make chapters, cover page, etc.
Shoulda let Bron take that last shot.
well thts good :
I will be LIVE on The Wendy Williams Show on Fox  Feb 17, 2011..make sure to tune in and please RT
Great read!
Charles Villagers, come enjoy the green space at the VLP's community garden!
childhoodsandwiches bread and bologna sandwich
Mindblowing....RT Mega Millions is up to 640 million.
Snow all melted because of the Rain.
Good or bad?
At least i can start my business training today.
:
Don't take the little things in life for granted, appreciate them!
I'm SO curious to know what is doing today!
:O
I needa start getting my shit straight.
Ima prove him wrong  show him I actually care about him  our relationship.
other peoples decisions are affecting my life and its giving me anxiety.
See a movie recently?
Share a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
My left hand has been hurting really bad lately  what if I have arthritis
Something I've been wondering: When you invite someone to Epic Church, what do you tell them when they ask Why you go??
hedgehogs are so cute
hey :D
Chipper v.
Moyer, about 90 years between two of them, one of oldest batter/pitcher matchups ever??
Sunday, Sunday, SUNDAY!
We'll be going crazy making pasties with the Ooh La La Burlesque ladies!
Can't wait to see you Ninjas!
LeBron battering ram
I wish you were on the Feds.
See Monsanto and the FDA.
No GMO

Alex, did you know that Huskies get 10 off waffles when they show a valid student ID card?
well, it's 1:15 and give or take, we've had 315 people in this tiny library since 9am.
all good!
Oh loveerrrrr, when you call my name..
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
Stephen R.
Covey
RT I've got to run to Ben's work to get our car.
Being a 1 car family is making me exercise today :
Chinese supermarkets check out new business models
Sorry I missed you!
I should be around a bit tomorrow.
Look for me on FB.
You can get stoned  learn something new..
dang it.
A big thanks to for hosting a great conference!
IT'S GAMEDAY!!!
...and no it WON'T be the last one!
Smog Special 4 regular smog and test only 40 out the door w/ cash any car, truck, or van print coupon on our site MorenoValleyTestonly.com
Got to work all wet  I hope I don't get sick
RT Gorgeous slideshow of some of the best in city planning RT City Geometry, Seen From Above nyti.ms/rlSoMR
yeah, but its worth it
You mean to tell me the NCAA couldn't find an artist more relevant in the past 10 years than Monica?
Server is down while repairing wounds.
Fresh brains being installed.
Will be back online shortly.
You're my coolest follower so far.
Tell your friends to follow me!
A good hero needs fans!
Party tonight?
yes!
I took the Circulator home.
It will be my main method from now on.
WillAllTheTwitsPleaseSitDown the things I say to myself aren't as good as the things I say to others
Things to do today: 1.
Dig a hole 2.
Name it love.
3.
Watch people fall in love.
Favorite quote by my acting teacher: Feel what you're feeling, not what you think the character needs 's book STAR POWER
Wow, only 10 percent of North America's 337 million meters are smart.
WeAllHaveThat tendency to wait to the last minute to make weekend plans...
get your tickets for SpeakingOfFebruary4th today and save 5!
Damn, Twitter is dead AF!!
Congratulations to my friend Leonard Johnson on being signed by the Tampa Bay Bucs!
Welcome Home!
thanks for RT!
: Listening to SWEET!
Great night cookin at the restaurant...now time to have some cold ones with the homie Cheea
True, but it's great to think about how we can be really innovative w/ twitter as a learning tool...
do you really think its ok for those teams to be better than UL?
UL is better than that...they should never leave top 20.EVER
real parents don't relax not natural lol
Carl DeMaio quotes the OB Rag in one of his mailers attacking Fletcher.
Wow.
I don't think Carl knows me when i get mad.
Woohoo thanks girl!!
Excited 2 emcee alumni event on 5/8!
Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS  College Alum, Pres Allen  Coach Jacobson
RT : BREAKING NEWS: After watching his performance against Liverpool, Bayern Munich are to appeal John Terry's CL final...
soon go out and go around Rome with some beautiful girl!
hahaha dude omg you should have done that!!!
I would've been laughing so hard!
Hahah
Holy Shift.
love you too Blake
Let's try this again: agirlcandoctoram totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ...
sigh Love him
Friends of WFGM Kroger Gift Card Give Back Program...remember to use your gift card this weekend as you shop for all that Halloween candy!
Woohoo 3rd store had it and now I do to!
wonderwoman, birdsofprey, and
Why are they all so pale?
thnx for the RT!
I was just reading about your spring employee wellness programs via your blog  they sound great!
Party tonight with for his album release party.
4 Guest List  Tables text: 818.602.7979
TextsThatGetYouScared I heard something about you today
Cuz those r clutch hits.
Some of the best things we do come from American Education.
We wanted that.
MJ Gallagher
Superior woman does not seem very superior.
Did you know?
That 's first day on set of prettylittlethings required him to swim, do cannonballs, doctornk beer  makeout.
also had lenses fixed there at the same time.
Everything works perfectly now.
I'm quite happy
i don't wanna share.
listen now!!!!
: Im going to the gym ; Me: I'm going to eat spaghetti
The Bad part of that is sometimes U find out ex post facto!
know U could careless abt Ppls feelings U only want facts  Slow Painful Death
If only there were a proper WiFi signal in the galleries!
Hint, hint :D
MTV's 16  Pregnant commercial  girl screaming at guy calling him a dead beat dad!
Umm, right!
Can tell this show has great perspective
Aye!
Shout out to the Illy!
xo
Makes me want to hit the wait staff.
RT : Appetizers.
Definitely.
Ugh.
yu cute thanks
I'm so proud of a.k.a.
Congratulations!
Help Wanted RT : Seeking truck  Man for hire this afternoon, to pick up and deliver chicken coop HELP!?
What to watch now?
Last doctorgon was good havent seen that movie in years
I wish it was Thursday
Today is so beautiful and I will be stuck on a sound stage all day...I can't complain!
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance!.
props for playing soccer.
How about a skills video??
Haha
but does it really scale out with more system performance with more nodes??
Someone told me I'm not a real black person
i'm getting off, bye
we got it
i just wanna say...P.O.Y.B.L is one of the best pieces of music i've heard in a long time realmusic 3 u!!
:D
Unfortunately some things have some out here in Fl that others haven't seen or heard about yet so it's really not the media's fault
I'm laughing at my timeline right now.
check out the TED talk on the guy who trains crows to pick up trash.
Wow you piss me off!
Wishing our family over at the a big happy 30th birthday!
In honor of big day, will be lit in blue tonight
It's friday friday 3 and on monday I don't have school :D YEEEEY !
The desire has come back to do the things you used to do.
And because we're not fasting we don't have power to withstand
reinventing the wheel to run myself overFOB.
All the pretty girlsFUN.
Your packages were mailed today!!
Let me know when you get them.
Love you BOTH so much!
favorite color???:
Very productive lunch break
It occurs to me that I'm out of the habit of photographing my crafting projects.
I'm proud of my new rugs though and want to show them off.
hey Nate.
has filming started for unknown son?
hope you're doing well and there's no delays
I will be on WGNOs News With A Twist at 5PM on Monday!!
pulllease watch people!!!
Time to pull over and get a room.
Enclave Chicago tonite then some afters.
Who down?
That's really awesome about the shelving from Borders.
Congrats
props on the vid!!
can't wait for delts on saturday now!!
Our fruits and vegetables may look great, but most of the time thats where it stops.
We all need
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
People don't fall in love, they fall in lust.
Love isn't something you fall into, you do it on purpose.
I hate my brother.
He is such a stupid crybaby.
I think the winner of the fight should get 60  the loser get 40
That moment in the shower where all the soap in your hair is now in your eye  : FML
that or people must have thought it was an 8 pm start...
doctornk Jo, nerdy glasses, getting in his pants....wait what?
Now that I've been informed my aural skills hearing is going to be tomorrow along with two juries it will take a miracle for me to survive
Dear Santa, for Christmas I would like to not be gunned down at work.
Love, Me
AWP12 unexpected magic: Received a Dairy Queen gift card from Mary Bisbee Beek, book person extraordinaire and star of Portlandia.
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
Ha
lol whats up with the spanish name??
City fighting illegal biking/hiking trails  Helena Independent Record
We have tickets to the showbox show next Friday, October 16th.
W/ Tweet, message, email...what'ev us to get some!!
I don't enjoy tons of legal jargon, but if it's gonna to be there The way things are w/ the internet now practically invites it
When are you more productive?
When the office is full or when its empty?
nigga on crack....AND ITS NEGRO YOU DAMN NEGRO .
Were getting a cheddars in Clarksville
why you gotta be so mean?
hehe you guys are the sweetedt together yall are the five bestfreinds:;
Happy Happy Mother's Day, Linda.
Night night twitter......
We cater to the beautiful and curvy...check us out!
Oh dear  big risk!
RT : Seahawks pull of 1st round shocker: West Virginia LB Bruce Irvin.
I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOU EITHER 3
I hope they let me go home early cause it's slow
ok, off to meetings and signings, hello hollywood, wish me luck xoxo, and thanks for all your support
so..
is true that is going to be on digitour?!
Back from painting frames and a new painting; though tired and hungry, I couldn't leave because I felt like I was painting my very best!
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove
That awkward moment when your parents ask if you like anyone..
Row B Center  Let's give put Cleveland on the map!
vic gave me a pass for life lol wtf get here
that's that shit I don't like
there's a Vosges in Vegas if you're still there.
Caesars forum shops...
And Yes Birthday hair!
I love the NFL.
i love the idea of being doctorssed up in lights
With that kind of ringing endorsement, what choice do I have?
A friend of mine: betting the Cavs have an injury that screws them for a few weeks is like shooting water in a water bucket.
what are the rules for the yearbook project?
D: I'm dying here
very true
Beautiful day and then an intimate chauffeurdoctorven session with young guru this evening!
shit yea!
We must hug.
Moments of individual productivity cannot be singled out for merit in collaborative ventures
And yank still has to be parsed, which can be a pain.
What have you to loose by trying?
But think of what you gain.
To stay in and watch Netflix all day/ night or actually go have a life....
Netflix it is.
Yes, it's Monday again.
Just try to make the best of it.
;
In Review
I ain't even tripping about working all Summer, I'm getting money nigga lol
OMB I DIED HE LOOKED SEXY
I don't understand why people take pictures of themselves showing their middle finger seriously, was the camera mean to you or something?
RT : Its Mojito and Martini Monday!
Come by to kickoff the week in the best possible way.
Select items available in the...
he never recovered from krags
It's sunny and warm where we are.
Why aren't you here?
The trains are here through Sun.
Jan 8, don't miss it!
3.
I have no friends :c
Check out The book Take the Lead by went to her workshop w paconferenceforwomen was fabulous!
: Life will throw u curveballs, just learn how to hit them an you will be fine.Also learn how to hit fastballs while at it.
And you should go with Oliver.
Only so I can explain to my dad while there's a kid with name running around.
Happy Mother's Day to the television, which has been raising American childoctorn for decades
I regret not seeing HarryPotter at midnight.
This must be how everyone felt when they missed the apocalypse in May.
Oh yeah, I should have asked first, are you feeling better?
Happy Monday!!
Had an awesome weekend!!
Bummer.
I'll be there tomorrow from 111 if he's going to be around.
we enjoyed some of the great films you showed on Friday!
Looking forward to next year!
Plan a doctorve down to attend
Carla Januska, Creative Director at Go East and Jennifer Manion, Content Strategist Feed the Beast: Creating Content for Brands
: I Love muffulettamonday so do we  thanks !
Uh oh, Bob Uecker picked an iPhone.
This is gonna be gold.
great work!
Good on you and your students!
CR England Awards a HarleyDavidson in MPG Promotion  MarketWatch
Want a winning options trade every month?
Follow our option trades, u make money...it's that simple.
www.
OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Sorry mom I can't wash the dishes because Donatella Versace
Huntsman needs to make a graceful exit!!!
meeting today!
Doing work, making things happen, lots of Woohoo sounds from Brandon.
Paul McCartney!
Always there when we need you the most!
Budgeting all day, editing at night.
ITS A STAMPEDNFAMILY TAKE OVER!!
LEGGO !!!
i just wanna lay in my bed forever and not work tonight.
OH on scanner: Caller says housekeeper is there, refusing to clean  refusing to leave.
Unsure if she's doctornk or on doctorgs.
Has interlock.
Apparently when starting weight loss, it takes 4 wks to see your body change, 8 wks for friends/family, 12 wks for the world.
Keep at it!
Yeah birthdays jarent the same as when your a kid.
I actually stopped counting  takes me a minute to remember my age :oP
lol.
Wait until your prom!
if you follow me...I'll DM it to you:
oh my gosh I just doctorpped it hold on I gotta go find it
thank ya!
If our God is for us, then who can be against us?
Romans 8:31
I am so bad at this whole TY for the follows, so thank you to all who follow me, appreciate the support  all the RTs!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I use no condom, so here's your baby.
best of selena gomez life are family and good friends!!
holy tits its windy.
my house is about to blow down
I'm excited to play at Winston's Beach Club tomorrow night in Ocean Beach!!
Super late to canningchat but wanted to give my thumbs up to for that RoastedoctorubarbKetchup cc:
uncc uses kaltura.
our ctr for teaching  learning folks can talk to you about it.
Happy Friday!
Sounds like a problem with your theme or a plugin you enabled, I would check those two places first.
Is that your only eReader?
Kate Hudson's shoes deserve a shout out.
Fabulous!!!
get the Thomas bed with builtin tracks
Did you know that with enough sunlight your skin can produce vitamin D?!
Have a great weekend!
:

thanks for the mentions!
not yet!
I need to!
Offensive Lineman.
Please, football gods: Right Tackle turnstile remedy.
I got more followers than you
not sure Smoak can be wound any tighter anyway.
Keep the guesses coming!
Throw out a number and you might win a 30 dinner!!
It's Friday!
Not to many plans this weekend.
I have a meetup on Continuous Web Startups, but I think I need to sleep in tomorrow.
I love reading about Mifflin, and all the current UW students pretending they are 'blowing off steam.' Ive been there, call it what it is.
'Gonna make it happen' for new group of 7th graders, starting tomorrow;
was doing the HIIT workout at this morning a few stations ahead of me.
Way to set the example, Eleni!
i used to LOVE being single, now i just wanna boo.
nightowling it with , , , and a whole mess of folks!
ihavenotolerance for people that can't hold their liquor!!
Some people live with HIV infection without feeling any symptoms for many years and dont even imagine that they are infected.
Happy Monday.
Back on the grind.
Come home from the beach and there's nothing to do in Roanoke
I am still recovering from Men's final at the Australian Open tennis.
And all I did was watch.
Pure sport!
I'm disappointed on you air.
received the best birchbox today.
full sized products...
all 5 products were great.
money well spent
Our focus is helping you save money, gaining new customers for small, local businesses.
Plus you can give back to your favorite charity
can you make It so you can view pictures sent via message?
Dale Heat!
, Gov John Kasich thought he could strip workers of their rights too.
How do you like THEM apples?
are u meditating 
So i never get on twitter
Thanks for the mention Sean!
ah, I thought the two on the right looked like pretty legit coaches ;
Me n on that PrincetonGrind Everyday!
Huge thanks to you for your nice tweet AND for coming tonight.
Too tired from managing the intellectual, emotional, and logistic demands of family, WORK, and friendship to comment on Ann Romney.
Prince on the internet: starts a website for his wedding w/ thoughts on love and fate in 1996, releases song Emale 
What's good?
SOMEONETWEETME PLEASE my mentions are dead:'
thats good!
i'm going to fl this week
: When asking for anything, say please.
Know is when you tell me
A friend asked me to take me to see Wayne Shorter tonight at Lincoln Center.
Hell Yes!
Edgewood College finally getting the pub they deserve with an upset win over River Falls.
First tourney win in NAC histry, not bad.
how about we...
take a picnic to rock creek park and figure out what we're going to call the new NCOR
my kinda guy
Officially annoyed with my FB page oh well calling it a night sweet doctorams everyone much love muaaahhhhh
nope but I wish I was :
it went very well!
I had a great time.
after I was fortunate enough to hang out with some friends from all over the world
no thanks, I'm ok.
Haha :
Free New Helvetia tasting at Beatnik Studios for Sac Beer Week 69pm.
your dad
Saw my mom off safely to surgery.
Praying all goes well.
hooray for free afternoon concerts with JC Brooks  the Uptown Sound!
Had Funn Todayy, Then Got In BIG Troublee So Thaa Rest Of My Plans Are Ruined : /
HAHAHAHA!
my dude!!!!
Gotta get you up here to record soon
After the next big snowstorm, clean off your mates windshield in the shape of a heart.
Not Darren?!
RT : Top boy names in the US in 2011 Jacob, Mason, William, Jayden, Noah, Michael, Ethan, Alexander, Aiden, Daniel
And the people called it Ragtime
I love now that's a nigga wid swag blunt and dontgiveafuck keep your Tweets coming and tell it like it is
Finally, the bus payment device errored in MY favor for once, and I'm riding free.
I'm slugging on the bus.
;
NBA execs monitor doctorft prospects Twitter accounts to see what they tweet about and the type of language they use!!!
sad!
they're taking the melrose out of melrose place.
FDMF is our new PREPUMP ALERT the train is boarding dont miss it
Ugh ChickFilA lemonade is the bbes ever.
is a terrible ISP.
That is all.
Hey go follow my sista/band member...she pretty.
Rt.
hey i can give u a song calls i wont apologazie ill give u the lyrics and omg which channel on dish
Be listed as an Expert Witness with us today!
www.freereferral.com
Only divorced dads have black leather couches
If you got swag you would follow me :D
Go out and make someone smile today.
I need new people to replace all my old friends
This is the body, and this is the blood.
Broken and poured out for all of us.
lyrictweet thirdday 3
If you use an eFolio, what should I prepare to actually GIVE them in the interview?
A pretty half sheet with the web addoctorss?
Debate over MichelleRhee performance as teacher proof of the need for more transparent value added data.
has he given up an earned run yet?
Oh wait.
The surprise, off key backing vocals from the waitress, thats really meaningful.
While Rick Perry is praying for rain, is he ignoring the possibility that this doctorught is a sign from God that global warming does exist?
wow!
That is so unbelievablely sick!
Had to b a time that somebody decided to break in AND safe was open..sorry.
can feel ur pain
Gotta get to bed and rest up, dont wanna actually get sick for realz and miss all teh fun this week!
favorite guy on idol is stefano.
:D
OTGTIPS FOCUS ON YOU, AND WATCH YOU WILL ACHIEVE GREAT THINGS!
Why aint go to school ?
not sure how that's relevant to whether or not objects are processes.
Can't get the video
Stoked to be shooting tonight!!
you should bring the kiddos by for some ice cream this weekend...our treat of course!
To listen and be heard.

Going to see at a Beard Contest in Detroit tonight.
So sad!!
RT : WhitneyHoustonDies Sorry to her family
are y'all staying in downtown?
Like could we run into Before?
And it's worth it, not as bad as fl to Cinci!
just watched this kid hit his cat daddy while blasting music in the corner of the airport
sad day....NEXT YEAR IS PAYBACK
: the awkward moment when....SHUT UP I HATE YOU!
boom.
Great article!
Hey  things are good!
Been so busy I had to cut down on Twitter.
Hope to see you in HP!
Teabag is more degrading.
my timeline is hella boring right now
Lets play tag...
Follow my company
that's ok, it's what sundays are made for!
that's ok!
I missed u.
Uvbeen gone forever.
The songs doin..
Okay.
No more writers block!
:D
RT : A3: pro  wide variety of options/opportunities and influence.
con  everyone thinking you should do it for free
Sticking to a regular exercise program and proper nutrition are two very important rules to keeping up high energy all day.
So excited about the show tonight at !
With and !!!!
7pm!
Repost!!!
: RT : My own personal inspiration comes in the form of two words smashed into one twitter addoctorss...
Heck, I've been gaming since the Commodore 64.
Nowadays it's mostly console games like Arkham City and Uncharted.
and the team are working up something special for doctorpal called Skinr!
Stay tuned...
FF My 1,200 follower Tell her what's she's won Johnny.
yeah got home at 10 last night, headed on another job Wednesday looks like.
Hey did you pick up my watch?
be nice!
With almost every competitor, there is often an element of cooperation, collaboration and synergy.
Don Zinn, Exigent Search Partners
SHOOTING MYSELF IN THE FACE BECAUSE I AM NEVER EVER GETTING A BOYFRIEND UGLY/FATGIRLPROBZ
I am beyond concerned about Toney Douglas essentially becoming benchwarmer...
Is he a hold or would pick someone else up...
Katie, would love to mail you some.
Might be a little stale by the time you get them!
Night night :
In everything the ends well defined are the secret of durable success.
Victor Cousins
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James MacNeill Whistler.
Just a sprained ankle here.
Xrays showed no hairline fracture.
I'll be laying on the couch if you need me.
Fmisterhousing counselor: Folks being kicked out who didn't buy more house can afford need a chance to cut thru loan mod BS Here!
Here!
Shocked to discover we do not have either new media or digital history in our taxonomy of specializations.
Any preference?
You and the rest of the leftist scum including the national embarressment Obama won't bring Gen.
Stanley McChrystal down.
STFU
The LearCenter's is live tweeting from today's Penn Law symposium on IP Issues in Fashion Law.
BAD ASS.
Thanks for the invite!
Fujifilm to Increase Prices for Film And OneTimeUse Cameras  WebWire
Actually, I'm originally from MN, but have had a home here in PGH since 1994.
Just got word...I ain't got to go down there to them, they comin up here to meet me....
agree, one extra day in Feb  24 more hours of awesomeness
I am one in a Million.
wiunion pass it on!
Congrats to on the AA promotion.
Now all he needs at the dish so he can shove and
Oh no!
Ick!
Oh well.
I'm kind of hoping Natalie Portman bitch slaps Robin Roberts with her big Black Swan wing....
Patrick, you can still evaluate our touch screens.
You will just need to sign an evaluation agreement and pay for shipping.
you give me the kind of feeling people write novels about 3
What I would give to be in the UK student section Saturday.....
oops I forgot to mention
Still can't believe McShay said there isn't much difference between RG3 and Tannehill.
Why he works for the four letter and not an NFL team
No, but I could likely turn one up with little digging.
Unless Traylorbot360 has it in his renowned mental database.
Just confirmed a beer dinner for Tuesday, May 8th with !
Stay tuned for more details..
A sneak peek of this year's fabulous magnum bottle of Rusack Vineyards Santa Catalina Island 2009 Pinot Noir, to be auctioned off at...
thanks for following!
We love quotes too!
Check out our inspiration at www.wearelux.com
Happy Birthday!
Hope it was a good one!
S/O to for tweeting the same song at the same time I did!!
:
I have to really like the book and there can be no boring chapters at all
Looking forward to serving 800 folks at BRIDGESTONE AMERICAS on Friday with
The ten seconds that 1D was in a skit  The whole episode of iCarly
Wow Russ
boys are stupid.
At least they're topical whether they know it or not.
I'd hoped they were ironic, but judging by the links, I doubt it.
If your gut's not healthy, you're not healthy.
30 Day Challenge Group Beginning January 2, 2012.
Write me back or message me to let me know that you are interested in participating in
My wife is mowing the lawn while I tweet and read.
Feel kinda guilty.
Kinda.
Trying best to doctornk cheap merlot, but both kids bent on not sleeping
you did really good today!!!
I'm so happy I got to meet you:
Have a blast!
xx RT Started the base tan for my girls' trip to Cabo in 11 days.
Bye bye Seattle sallow!
yes you is.
Quit frontin
All Haters can't stand that believing in people can make a difference and it takes us out of oil business.GO GM
well I'll probably be walking, but instead of liquid bricks, I'll be carrying my fat ass.
Rainy kind of gloomy weather.
Hot soup sounds appealing.
Some good bread as well?
Happy friday!
Someone remind me when I see Tom Brady to punch him in the face.....
istilllovethepatriots 
Had an awesome time with Keep Mecklenburg Beautiful and Wipe Out Waste this morning on Fox News Rising!
Can't wait to compost on March 5!
: Cool guys wear hats with the sticker still on
first night back in the VA was dope, got wrecked lol
As this holiday season starts, travel safe and have fun!
Getting my Deathly Hallows tattoo tomorrow wicked excited!
I TALKED TO BOO LAST NYTE I WAS SO HAPPY
my brother does that to me all the time 
dui 450doctornks I shimmied down a tube.
Why visit our site?
Because humans need treats too!
Tma event: what industries will struggle in 2012?
Marcellus shale related businesses!!!
Happy New Year for all of u guys!
my best wishes!
brewers OpeningDay   sazs close proximity to my place  promisingFriday!!!
I'm gonna meditate butt naked like a boss....
Obstetrician and endocrinologist.
Everyone wants in on this!
:
A5 When current Red Sox players are worse than anyone who walked through CF.
Sorry...too soon?
The second my mother said may the 4th be with you, I knew this was to much..SMH
What would YOU like to see in DC for a queer youth event?
October 10th y'all!
I talked to a redheaded woman who married a redheaded man and they had a blond hair child.
I thought to myself, why risk it?
URBAN DOCTIONARY: FCUK these hoes TRANSLATION: The female that he really liked broke up with him and now it's him against the GIRLS!
I have almost completely lost my voice!!
Pretty sure I just fell in love with What a cutie!
that moment when you hear a song that you grew up with.
:'
Doing some research for GIJ, as he is currently unpacking boxes in the kitchen.
whats up?!?!
Hows life been :D
Hey ellen you rock!!1 if you see this wil you reply that would make my day XD
Thanks for giving us a try!
where on channel 53 right now watch it
the month of may seem to call me to new york?
last night's nycers in my doctorams were  TiffRoma ...
stop taunting me!
aww I almost invited you!!
Let's do something after your off work?
:
Y'all, have you tried dairyfree chocolate ice cream???
Better for you and more fantastic than any ice cream ever.
Thanks for the RT!
You've inspired me to promo more this year.
Awesome and good luck!
It's all about the gear, and once you sign up, the free tee  postrun snacks and beer.
I have bratwurst in my belly, my husband by my side, and the Brewers on the field in front of me.
Yeah, someone should tell them blackouts don't work well on TV.
share Joy and today, carve out a small nitche to recharge your days.control your doors of as what appears to be the end is a starting a new
he had too much time on his hands 
Happy sunny Monday!!!
Hope everyone had an amazing weekend.
Any highlights?!?
3 thanks doll face ;
Yeah I fucked your bitch, and what?
We sound like a lion taking down a gazelle then feeling compasion and letting it go and it getting hit by a car
Is anyone else excited to watch this Facebook  Employers special on the news tonight ?
Sound like some bull whatchu do outta work is you
WHEN YALL LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
RT : Thank you for sharing your journey.
Wish you continued strength.
Diary of a
Thanks Jeffyou rock it!!!RT : amen sister you guys were great
definitely.
The national curling league.
I'm so done with all this bullshit, cause no matter what I do it's not gonna change anything
Chili cookoff yesterday was amazing :D 
every tweet helps  cool breeze on river now
Thank you for sharing this.
Everything is a remix is wonderful!
So are the student films but I wish they had credits.
ah, the voice of experience :!
I think they would be NBC's last choice in the East.
Rangers, Flyers, Caps, Devils would likely be their hope in order.
Been staring at laptop screen too much last few days  got painful eye strain today  now sat here looking like a high tech Ray Charles!
i can watch Bron and Wade in the open court all day.
Thanks!!
Rock on.
swim team, baseball game, lax playoff w/e, 2 soccer gms, all stars bball tryouts  bike ride.
I have two kids..did i miss anything?
Yes, writers, you have a constitutional right to freedom of speech.
You do not have a constitutional right to writing privileges, though.
Great win for the Pack!!!
heard you guys got that taken care of.
Good to go?
great point!
Too often universities only visit and work w/ wealthier schools.
We need this much earlier in our communities
i think it points to our basic human need for belonging to the whole human race and this need supercedes race  socioeconomic
no u dont
We'll be getting there around 1, it's all day.
But Marvel doesn't start till around 5 so I'll be bored/sleeping in the car
Just realized I can't DM you unless you're following me....
my email is already out there, bjt35 at georgetown
RT Massive line outside The Egyptian to see THE PACT.
Was told it's the longest one they've had this year.
Wow!!!
What a great win!!!
Indiana looked awesome tonight!!
Hm.
That's too bad.
, are you reading this?
What do you do to top off 4 days of intense personal growth with 50 people?
I go to Taco Casa and pick up taco salads for me and my bride!
let's just plan on next week I'll take it.
I have to hurryhome this afternoon to pickup a tux, get ahaircut, mow,andoctorhearsaldinner
R u kidding me Kobe?
What a shot
Spend 50 or more at Lofty Dog and receive a goodie bag with 5 off coupon for your next visit!
While supplies last.
Merry Christmas!
my eye itches!D;
I can help haha:
I need to holla at your ima dm my number just hit me up when you got a chance
Bohemian Grove by Emmure pumps me up so much
I'm such a bad person.
Wasn't today 's birthday?
RT : I'd add generosity!
If u could choose 1 characteristic that would get u thru life, choose a sense of humor Jennifer James
Do I join or do I not join?
Dear Nashville weather, Plz do something.
Rain or shine.
Stop this nonsensical half doctorzzle nothing.
Yours Truly
RT : We've got a lecture on your favorite topic: SHARKS!
Saturday April 21st 10 am  11 am at the Tijuana River Estuary...
you realize your professorle is COVERED in OWLS?!?!
i think they might love you.
which isn't so bad.
they're pretty cool.
:
Reflecting on the season that has wrapped up and Kentucky 8th national title one word truly sums it all up Kentucky was AWESOME all season
thank you!
Ryan
Teachers r tarnished w union in minds of pols.
Parents don't have that baggage.
just about to do same
RT : Getting ready to announce the winner of the ipod, follow and cross your fingers!
Our panel discusses  How do we take what we've learned from our communities and inform the policy discussion?
Heat wave.
Let's get pokersocial try SHdc beta version, chat, bitch, gripe with fellow grinders.
Sign up for free!
the guy in the black sweater that walks pass by us when we are at your locker before 7th period all most everyday??
Oops my bad.
I meant to say say Jenny Dm me when you get a chance.
Tell your friends and their moms to follow me
Though on the positive side autocorrect did change autocrrtc to autocorrect.
ain't nothing but a houseparty yeah STARRING AMANDA FUCKING PALMER YAY
gets old to me.....
Him on the other hand.
Stuffs like crack for kids.
As long as he's eating.
I'll cook.
: I studied photojournalism at San Jose State University at Silicon Valley in Cali.
when are you coming to Portland OR, already?
Now to take a shower and get some much needed sleep to rest my sore back and get ready for ISTEP tomorrow!
Goodnight to everyone 
Sweet like cinnamon, like a fucking doctoram on ritalin
Great to see the as they pick up some donations.
doctorp off a case of water to any of our stores to help out.
Trust God to do the impossible!
I wonder how awesome sex was with Frank Sinatra in his prime.
7.77 rate: 10;D IB: Vincent Or Mikey ; And your so pretty !
did haven't called me.
:/
If I were given the opportunity to teach art one of my classes would be ethics: artworld
Now looking back, I think Khloe subconsciously fell out w Kris H.
before the wedding as a warning to him that he should head for the hills!
How do you choose?!
I always loved the Lorax tho, and Oh the Places You'll Go...did you enjoy the snow day yesterday?
;
Watching the Oprah effect on MSNBC.
Her influence really is incrediable.
Sears BLUE APPLIANCE CREW Friends  Family tonight, 69 pm for an extra 15 off  free delivery on most appliances over 399.
MSU going into
Thanks!
We think you're cool too!
dissapointed in the lack of even mentioning the gay community.
sadly, the church is letting others lead advocating
tough choice gotta go with the girl
Just heard 5 minutes of constituent complaints about a fresh young lady in the school dept.
Life is a constant learning process.
It's the only way u grow.
U live, u learn, u move on, u improve self  situation, u grow.
Upgrading!
HellsKitchen was great yesterday.
I finally got to watch it tonight.
not yet stop by!
Baby Cruz's first photo shoot!
preciate the love!
will you pleasee follow me?
I love you33
I think I'd remember arm warmers?
Hm.
lsubcs bcs lsu the zebras miss 2 easy calls, a horse collar then a block in the back.
Looks like Bama will get the advantage on calls.
that would be the shit!
Dudley Dooney Dooley's daddy if a cotton pickin' chicken pluckin' pickle packin' pepper popper who skims the skum off the vinegar vat.
stop it
RT : POSH TONIGHT FOLKS
Work 2 live n I live fo my child
Who got the juice ....
ME DOOD
That movie is awesome
Was so much fun.
Was also dollar hot dog/soda day, so we gorged on the cheap.
I'll be your prince charming
Girl I love your birthday suit, Sho'll looks good on you.
I screwed that whole thing up haha.
SDUSD Evans makes it seem like he has a plan  and he does.
His plan is to help his reelection.
prepare to be amazed
Love walking outside in the morning to feeling my skin getting fried up like it's original recipe
was thinking more like Spanish, only now a few phrases that are not appropriate, except to Tijuana hookers
: If you didn't know who Kevin Hart was before the AllStar Game, stop acting like you knew him before.
frontrunners lol
Little boy sitting in the bath tub, looking at his privates.
Says 'Mommy are these my brains?' Mommy said 'Not yet'.
Totally thought had a beer on his desk while calling the Fiesta2012 flambeau parade with / maybe it is!
You are one of the most beautiful girls ever to be seen in the world
yes but I doubt he would think to since I rarely mention him.
Now he might though if he sees this convo
So how about it, : will you please throw Ohman away?
ha!
I thought the same!
Weirdos of the world, unite!
FRIDAY.
one more day to go.
hopefully boston tommaahhh3
I just don't have enough middle fingers to show her how I think about her.
It's not too late to get a lastminute gift...stop by our shop on Magazine Street today for a sweet treat for your sweetheart!
boxout cleantheglass RT Wisconsin got the final 7 rebounds of the game.
IU's last rebound came with 3:38 to play.
I'm surprised at how well my phone caught the audio.
Not bad, iPhone, not bad.
I'm supporting tonight by distributing their amazing SliceOfLife pies in Greenbelt.
hah was that guy but its all good!
thats what best friends are for
You have to play to win..
so NO
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle The Exorcist
I love that Coffee is an acceptable meeting format here.
Actually, AP was doctorfted in the 1st round 2007.
But yeah, congrats newest Miami Dolphin
Color Guard honoring Jane Crawford with routine including wire hangers.
jazz neworleans seriously?
Lineup for New Orleans Jazz  Heritage featival...
Where's the jazz?!
Did you know that a dolphin is just a gay shark?
I sit behind my bf in class
after last years performance..
I expect big things!!
yeah I'm cool, just gotta make major moves right now
Turns out I may have been right about , check out her latest tweets to see a partial explanation of her side of the story.
RT : Come to Talara for lunch today, mention this tweet, and get a 1/2 priced Bento Box Lunch.
Password is panic.
Nick
babes do u have a blouse i can borrow to wear with my black skirt and black heels.?:o
You need pizza now.
You might not want to eat after seeing all the Purdue women.
Thank god we are open.
lol!
That's what I meant.
Not enough pepsi yet!
Thank you for the RT!
still don't kno y they got rid of that place
what about absent treasurers preventing the state from functioning properly?
: Good mornin errybody....
Now,...roll up and get paid.....
right
Only on 8  shots fired after a home burglary.
Find out what the suspects took that has deputies so concerned.
at 1011.
My mom is ignorant this Mornin my dads bm called she was like ima call you back She's Shitten right now .
Tf ?
I'm just findin out 
follow back please
I miss my boobear, so so much :
You look a lot like
just looked up a couple'a words Loki used while insulting Romanoff in the Avengersmewling quim Who knew potty mouth could sound so regal?
yes but Order My Steps must also be in there...
I got tears every time the Marching 100 would play that one...
Hey Bri!
I hope people are lining up to get This Way Up!!!
Such a kick ass CD but I wouldn't expect any less from you!
:
It feels good to be this tired at 11
Its amusing that the Giants players think theyre even half the team GangGreen is
gets you out but hugs you tightly My Ashee...
3
I bet you 100000000 that they don't even know you....
G shares outrank organic results.....
so basically anything your friends care about outranks organic SERPS for relevant kw's.
epic liquor run with
thanks for the incl.!
where r u
Who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook and why?
Maybe if we press 2 for Spanish, we'll actually get someone that speaks better English then the person on the 1 line!
by : Celtics up by 2 at the half.
Red Sox
thats why i love my dvr :
oh my!
Surgery went well.
Still groggy from anesthesia.
my right hand is useless.
Typing with only my left.
This status has taken 7 mins to write
Consider it pure joy when you face trials, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance James 1:23
thinking about the past
I'm ready for the 2013 season to start Thursday !
Ah!
Rapcentral Tv show is airing soon stay tuned....
Plus the Biggest Concert to ever hit Detroit is coming this summer.
Bigger Than Summer Jam!
haha.
I don't think Taco Bell is the answer to what's ailing me....just having a lonely day.
class is cancelled and I'm bout tired as hell.
BUT i need to do some work.
nap time as soon as i leave work.
The best thai in the Chicago area is in Elgin Go meet Mama Toom, you'll be back for sure
this is cute : but where is his car seat?
Smh :P
I vote Updike.
Love the Rabbit books  the short story collections: Olinger stories, Poorhouse Fair, Couples, Museums  Women
Still tryin to get a ride bro : Hit me up bro text
It Hurts , Like Hell .
Harbaugh is a genius..sorry..
Snow: We try to make economics a science.
But it's really about human psychology.
When people are happy, they buy
Cincinnati in my heart,piff in my lungs, money on my mind just a ghetto child trying ta make it
niiiiiicce was it your own bag or someone elses?
I have iFatigue.
random times pre game for upgrade
Chilo The three things most difficult are to keep a secret to forget an injury and to make good use of leisure.
Sour cream pretzels are the main reason to own a private jet.
if they had any sort of notion of snack hierarchy it would be frazzles in 1st
13 1/2 days left.
that's all that's left.
and when those 13 1/2 days are gone, junior year is only 3 months away.
weird.
So Bright!
A fan of the new handle.
GetIt RT : Bring yo shades it's so bright!
Rt Great day today.
Bucks win, brewers win, shot 77 at Whistling.
Looking forward to Monday back at the Bradley Center
Hi!
You're in Tucson!
I didn't realize this was an OSU coachng search.
You right but hard to see them go!
it gives different filters for your pics and makes them pretty.
Thats really it...or you wanna be cool.
can't wait to meet all of you guys!
x
Since every senior isn't going to be at school tomorrow because of either Grad Bash or 4/20, juniors should park in the senior lot, js

.....sounds like a pretty good rule to live by
nthn just chilling what's up with u how r u
We also noticed that DEMI ADEJUYIGBE is trying to win another DVD despite never having emailed Jim the shipping information for it
TigerBeatLovesASW It's called All The Way.
Please pick me!
Chinese on its way courtesy of
wcphilly: Open Source Support: aka HELP!
by
So I hope you've been practicing our new dance move bc I pretty much perfected it while waiting for my videos to render
VIEWERS watch, CUSTOMERS shop, etc.
CONSUMERS only exist as a dehumanized generalization of an audience.
Not even half tiedfor1 :
correct answer:
// imagine if ESPN had a wifi hub that let attendees access their fantasy football league?
Or concession stand delivery
Who knew a black guy would play such an important role in a hockey game?
I know right he does too much but most of the laker fans are savages any ways
: You must be able to separate majors from minors....
how many pizzas do you make per night?
Blue Ribbon Artisan Pizza has become our delancey sub in SoCal.200 is good 4 them
Me too, Jon.
Starting to get a lot of pressure to make the successes more transparent.
You already know.
High up
Ahh...The random things they've made on the internet that amuses us.
4th out of 9 at Florida Championships :
And the thing is, they keep feeding the troll!
Nankivil looks even tougher with the black eye.
Let's go Badgers!
Thats always fun unless youre really into the game then that shit pisses me off haha
Should I get a book for vaca next week?
Let's be serious, the last book I read was by R.L.Stine and the only library I go to is my iTunes.
got it, thanks.
Really hope he's healthy.
Team V.C.
Associates.net had a great time at the Coconut Grove Bed Races
Just bought a 70 pair of shoes for 5.
Life is good.
Kicking rocks is what I do beautiful.
LOL RT : I see you to were kicking up rocks ystrdy.
It's always nice to have midyear projects and goals!
Making it to share?
Fine.
was right about everything.
Checking in 
Lundin Petroleum to Release First Quarter 2012 Report on Wednesday 9 May 2012
Thanks!
See you soon.
: wheres my jollof rice?/cook me dinner
Carolers in the AMU!
I want to go caroling...but then I walk outside  remember that I hate the cold.
Oh well, singing in the shower it is!
My todo list no longer looks like a shouldabeendoneweeksago list.
Today is my Friday, then tomorrow we're off to Stagecoach!
Can't wait to see my husband :
share your find with the rest of us.
Black Hawk Down.
It's so unusually nice here in New England we decided to head to a zoo and enjoy the sunny day.
Save me from coworkers talking football in my office!
Spare me!!!
Going to my vocal lesson let's see if I come outta happy cus my teacher is a .
.
.
Smh
Awesome 1:00 am walk!
you have no game!
yo can u ask A.B.
if he got that 5 dollas he owe me??
I thought I was dennis the menace, thats what my AIT doctorll use to call me.
: I need a good phone convo tonight
follow back?;
I really just need someone to talk to who is honest and can hold a conversation...
That's a good one mate, but we all know how shitty girls are at giving directions....
You'd never fucking get there.
that's okay then.
Hope you had/have a great Mother's Day!
bad day to be a BBQ grill
Rt: Goodbye MCA, we will dearly miss your oldschool flow.
I like the idea, not burning a doctorft pick on a QB would be ideal.
and about 10 more
BREAKING NEWS: StatusTv is back with Chicago's 4th Annual Free Music Video Contest..
WE PROMISE THAT NOBODY IS TOPPING THIS CONTEST.
7/4/12
When you do go, tweet us about it!
It's the only baseball on, and when Fox has a game, all the other games are blacked out on MLB.TV
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE!
sounds likes a gud plan
Oh ya, I can't read an analog book outside at night.
no brightness or contrast controls!
Yeah, .
Congrats on a great space!!!!
I'm all about these m's
Don't you dare get on that escalator...
And don't you dare get on that subsequent escalator!
Thank you for your vote, Joseph!
: I voted for you!
Good luck!
get the electric blue foams and put the pink laces.
whenever I see something I love I put my super serious face on and tell myself that.
Lol, I'm lame.
I think the banjo is slowing him down.
can i please get a wassup dasia :
Great day yesterday!
Goal is to make today even better.
A quick thank you to all educators in the world.
Bruge.
Get the mussels.
I need some in my life!!!!
:oD
Whoa wait, where did they announce a 2014 tour?
LOL.
That's hella stupid.
starting to get a little more quiet in city hall...
it's going to be a long night.
And counts like shit, too.
Didn't he just say 44 peaceful transitions?
Redeemed by Aretha, though.
if TX  CA could only swap weather  heaven  hell w/b in balance
Are you in cedar rapids?
I was just there...not much to speak of out that way.
Getting ready to attend my first faculty meeting at ASU
This week is going to be phenominal
I love you3
Sept 57!!!
Some great precons as well.
I'm a HUGE fan of the westcott shooting bays as well.
It's a good time!
Could the son of the worlds biggest Packer fan get a RT on his 40th bday.
It would make her day.
It's an exciting time to be a communicator.
There's a lot of change.
We can embrace it or we can complain a lot.
go figure?
:
Just when I'm about to go to sleep, I look in the mirror and BOOM!
My hair is perfect.
last resort
why not?
Np!
Since it's summer, hopefully everyone will be free sometime soon so we can catch up n maybe have a reunion :
I wish volunteer groups wouldn't flake out on the same day as each other.
I'm excited to see fancy free this week!!!
It is OUR FEARS and OVERREACTIONS that keep us from seeing REALITY...
Fun Chicago fact: In 1893 at the Worlds Columbian Exposition in Chicago, the Ferris Wheel debuted.
HOLY SHIT!!!
The Clippers were down by 17 or 18pts.
I been messin with my phone for a min, looked up and they're down by only 6pts now!!
skulls and rayguns and froggy with umbrella.
oh ok damn
Thank you to all of our supporters.
Let's reduce Hawaii's dependency on fossil fuels together!
we fill emptiness through performative acts of desire turns to images of Spiegelman's Maus
Aye people go and follow the amazingly Georges for great greets ahh and she follows back!
143!
Freebirds for lunch!!
Ha, glad I'm not the only holdout!
RT ok world, you win: First season of Breaking Bad is in hand.
Celebrating my 16th anniversary tonight with my husband.
My how time flies!:
By developing a strong Messianic Jewish educational system we will allow for a future where we can have a mature Messianic Judaism that hono
trying to stay positive, by direction of doctormarcy
guess we on the same page
I'm such a sucker for sappy moments 3
When you live for others opinions, you are dead.
I dont want to live thinking about how Ill be remembered.
Carlos Slim Helu
Trying to figure out how to add custom meta fields in
Someone just walks into the bookstore I work at to ask me if we have one of those books that you read All I could was look at her
NO BIYATCH NO YOU'RE STAYING IN THE GROUP THAT GOT YOU WHERE YOU ARE NOW AND I DONT CARE NO
Totally love this young man's voice!
A future star!!
again praying for speedy recovery
hows it going?
follow me please?
Cavs are having their way with the Clippers tonight!
So Dallas/Fort Worth gets one day of rain and it floods?
BeingMuslimMeans putting GOD first, spreading WISDOM, conquering nonbelievers, believing is superstitions,  living for traditions
haha.
It was a great game tho.
Thunder were bullying the squad.
Do anything to feed da fam
Finally, a moment at my desk this week.
Scary  so much to do, I don't know where to start......
Oh heck no!
You can't shoot Lisbon!
NO.
:P
annoyed, coffee noobs: never not asking for 'bold' coffee
Family went to Dale Hollow.
I stayed home...got a haircut.
They won't recognize me when they get back.
:
it's just strange, cuz I thought GBT getting shut out meant Stars plan involved paying people back.
Shit happens feels rare
Aww, you remembered!!
HHD to you my NY homie.
New york knicks are all hype.
Lol..
your sissy has skills
iste11 IEAR now I know I can get info for our iPad pilot from www.IEAR.org
super great pic!
Zombies are looking for brains.
Don't worry.
You're safe.
OMG, like...
TODAY.
Dude, get off Twitter before I put you over my knee!.
LMAO!
Sacred Heart Garden Festival tours begin Friday
lol we posted the same link for someone : But yes, you should know them.
DM me if you wanna vent
Do you have a delightfully different Discount card?
Loved the Lets Go Giants chant at the Knicks game tonight.
Tough call.
Watch hockey or watch on Life is full of tough decisions.
And I thought it was impossible for Crosby to get any more press.
Now I hope he returns soon because I am sick of hearing about it!
Ok, that's what I thought you meant!
You ha me confused
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Feeling good

it is they finally stopped
We heard say pretty please.
Maybe he will tweet up our sponsors at smbmad ford to say thank you
I fixed it!
Haha I was replying to someone's retweet so apparently it sent it to me!
Man, you guys are quick to tease me!
Texting with
Worth noting ASU leads country if not the world in university implementation of solar power, 15Mw.
Goal: carbon neutral by 2035.
Tuesday HCG Tip: Stress can lead to slowed/stalled weight loss on P2.
Do breathing exercises or yoga during ur times of high stress.
We understand the sentiment.
We also understand the need to publicize New Mexico businesses though.
Slowly getting the hang of my iPad.
Missing my laptop less and less.
GREAT start to my day thanks to the verbally brilliant !!!
Thanks for the ToTD!!
Very much appreciated!!:
That's a great idea.
Probably wont livetweet cause I'll be taking minutes, but afterward I'll tweet highlights
yeee.
Is it growing on u yet?
lol
BITCH got a twitter?
Oh shit....
thanks for the RT
Thanks!
Nice to meet you, too.
I want to see what wemakepdx is all about!
Burning this OG!
you're gonna love it.
:
: and I'm old lol..
It's all in the state of mind!
Thank u for ur support.
Is the presence of pot in anyone's system a shootable offense now?
CAN I JOIN THE PARTY DUDE?
it's my only wish to meet Austin before he becomes famous..RT if you have not yet met Austin :/
Quibbling with terms in this NISO webinar: Primo is the disc.
service; Primo Central is the aggregated index used w or w/o Primo  right?
This is a fucking cartoon.
Love it!
We hope the same thing!
Check out our tours, have a picnic, enjoy the late day sun, ride your bike.
www.crownhillhf.org
If you expect everything to be perfect then your only setting yourself up for failure  disappointment.
Niall!!!!
follow she only has 48 hours to live she is fighting cancer!
Please Niall!
Please!!!!!
Doctors  dentists, iPhone or Andoctorid...
Or BleckBerry?
Win7?
RT : Feeling very fortunate that people seek me out for my services.
It used to be the other way around!
' Something is really wrong w/ my heart!
Lol I just know enough to get by.
hm possible road trip
I knew you'd appreciate that.
:D
THANK YOU
I'm just kidding!!
NationalBestFriendDay to you and
Bout to hoop at 4.......Good run
good!
Shes gotta keep her bitch in check some how!
XD
I just want more money  remember it's that simple in your pitch
your wish is my command.
Kicking ass in tap tap revenge 4
Hi 3 Can you reply or RT this?
I'm a huge fan and I love you so much 3 I'm planning on getting your mister.
Caylen shirt ;
Wattameter class  checkout starts at 10am Austin Twin Oaks Library.
Damn Cant Stress Enough!
Mad At The World!!
hey, manis that Freedom Rock?
that's because you won't change your own
left right right left left left right right
Finished the whole hunger games series, I don't know what I'm going to do with my life now
can't live without phone
i got a DM from for an add to make money?
wow.
if u are looking for the real twitter page Thanks Platinum Fans!
omg ikr, it like i always fall in love with the sexiest an most cutest guys :, its like my heart hates me lol
I hate the last week of school
yes, that's what I said, she gave me the sideeye
k bus stop time eww.
quotes Mary Shelley The beginning is always today.
aw im sorry 3
That nasty full off a protein shake feeling  ulgh
Come see me play this Friday, march 30th at The Path Cafe at 9PM!
First show back in the states
got those little stupid things gettin' to ya , huh?
me neither.
:
YUP.
RT : Gay Republicans are to gay folks what Custer's Indian scouts were to Indians.
Reduced LONG AUDUSD for 12 pips professort; 13 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 72 SHORT
Bethlehem Pa Bach Fest Giuliani op 30 3 new cadenzas w/ wild modulation  Bach Ciaccona: went  same thing next week May 12 10:30 am!
Nice, thanks for the heads up!
Kick and push and coast
one for the money, two for the show
God always makes a way, trust him!!
winner winner chicken dinner
you left out the part where Jimmy Iovine humblebegs Stevie Nicks to hit on him
RT : Tebow Time!
Let's go, Broncos!!!
talk about looking people n the eyes but ur always whispering and talking to the camera alone.
You don't say how u really feel
There is always one hair pin that can be quite bothersome in my bun.
Lack of money is no obstacle.
Lack of an idea is an obstacle.
Ken Hakuta
omg I thought I talked to you about this on friday
Picking up my tux, car wash, put gas, haircut and then nap until its time
Everyone hates festa RT : : Why do I have to go to school tomorrow...
Hatefesta
What are you doing tonight!?!
It was yummy and boozy.
And very, very tasty.
:
Like father, like a significant influence on migraine treatment Walmart to talk about series
We would definitely be interested in that.
Let us know about any info, either here or at  thanks!
Hyper and hungry hmm
after having a fetus in your womb for freaking 9months how the fuck can you end up naming the baby LaKisha Mo'Nique reallybitch ?
Just let the clock run man...Lakers are done
Childoctorn laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day.
I've texted 'gurrrlllll' enough times that my phone recognizes it.
Thanks, teenagerspeak for causing me to sacrifice the Queen's English.
neyo soul is a style of RB.
For example Music soulchild,  Anthony Hamilton.
The type RB they sing thts the type I sing.
We got those!
he hasn't put it out yet, he asked me for some input on it before it got mastered.
he's dope af
Attending broadband breakfast event in dc on rural broadband
quotes I've always thought that a name says a lot about a person.
So naturally, being named Howard, I always wanted to crawl into a hole.
im tellin you bro i tried to tell niggas tha Giants wasnt no joke but since they thought they was i got paid its good
Finally Brooks you are going after the RIGHT person....Corbett positioned Joe as the patsy from the start
thank you very much I hope come out with something soon :
continental, I could not agree more with orig staff.
Funny how handy computers are.
Staff insisting on 3 forms of plastic ID?
Not so much
That shit still has me rolling lol
I guess I'm going to stay up till the sun rises in 2hrs :/
Kate Beckinsale is so hot.
Half of it is that accent ;
tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes after
Speedy Gonzales over here!
haha thanks, lady!
and congrats about !
yup!
It was 's baby  a ton of videos like this can be useful for the whole community.
Now make one!
Trying to figure out what movie to watch with my baby boy!
now you know too!
Following Liam Neeson isn't asking much.
You've got it, Liam
RT : That NCAA trophy is gonna look sweet at Ritter.
RITNEWS Go Tigers!!
Way to go!!
Andyone attending tonight have experience with DNode and/or PHPDNode?
Would like your thoughts on it.
Now the oh oh, Hamilton jammed on base hit, holding hand??
We'll see after commercial...
we in this nigga house
WorstRapLineEver Beemer, Benz, or Bentley, Bugatti body, you claim it.
And all of it depends on the way you shaking your anus  Nelly
Just saw the homie go for his on HBO On Demand.
Was already impressed then I saw he repped PG too!
You welcome...
Sorry im answering yhu soo late
: we all should of hung out tonight w/ !!
we still can!
Maybe tomorrow though ;
BeerStatus Boatswain Chocolate Stout
God can and God will.
GetAustinMahoneOnKROVOnceMore plz so I can meet him :
Looks like someone at Rockstar Games watched Domino one too many times.
Still, game is aces.
I told them not to blast it.
It's what I say.
Hahah shutup..: i'm getting better!
RT : Omg!
Unexpected but yummy!
RT : Rum/Cognac infused brownies topped with bacon and powder sugar
Holiday gift art show at MKE public Market 103!
Don't wait last minute to buy your holiday gifts!
The Ameba secret santa gift exchange was a success!
I know what you mean when you gettin back to Conway
Sum things r just private
I like the idea of filling up with the right foods, not dieting...
: When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful
I'm not the same person I used to be.
I must admit, a lot of stuff got to me.
Some people must be blind cause I dont know what the hell your looking at sometimes...
Your judgement is way off
Fox 6's jumps on with in 15 minutes!
because you can only ask for so much collaboration  creativity, in 6 different classes...
need space and time to reflect
Debating if I should switch to a hybrid bike  I don't want to but moving  I don't think my will be safe or be as beneficial
WHAT UP NOW DEN BLUE!!!!
I did because you told me too :P
100thingsilove Foster The People
Thank you!
:
3 hours for my commute home sucks.
sy hi to the city for me!!
Xo
Am I the only one at work today?
I can't sleep, so I gotta keep it moving!
What's good in your neck of the woods?
Diane Mueller, Susan DeFlorio, Dave Zabrowski and Adam Swidler are all coming up this hour!
happy Friday....now to just keep that rain away
I can't say it enough: I Love you mommy!
Happy Mother's day.
ready for what?
I am filled with hate and misery.
5025 is an 11 sour Belgian quad from It's aged for 17 months in red wine barrels.
Any making it to the pghbeer market?
I recommend The Chapel, booth 130 in the exhibition all at ecgc General Convention.
My diner waitress: do you want your usual today?.
Scratch 'Become a Regular at a Diner' off my Bucket List!
working on today's posts.
its a little bit of a cluster fuck
Last week I gave blood, today I'm getting 3 shots.
I do not appreciate all these needles in my life.
Thank goodness for Google's undo send gadget...
Want it for your gmail?
Go to Settings, Labs, and search for Undo Send
Thanks for the shout out!
Love my Doggie Style board on Pintrest!
Paul Kariya AND Chris Osgood both retire in one offseason?!
Our childhood Heroes are dwindling sad to say...
Waking up an hour before your alarm goes off is a sure fire way to be productive..and tired..but productive.
There are a few must see shows on Oprah's OWN......Sweetie Pies  Beverly's Full House and don't forget Leave it to Niecy.
don't wanna sound arrogant, but we're your new favorite local band.
just try us.
I know!!!
Try the Craigslist app on your iPhone, it has this feature and I love it!!!
I dont want to jump to conclusions but....I just wonder why I'm percieved as that guy..
Coding dojo tonight Tonight's challenge: JavaScript fireworks using the canvas tag in 5 lines of code or less...
Baldoctordge mobile teaching findings: remote learners performed significantly higher on posttest than traditionally taught peers.
Diamonds are forever, bitch.
no ones replying to your tweet.
Hahaha
Its funny when you a commercial for old people comes on and the volume gets way louder.
Ha
my favorite bad girl Gia she always got it cracking she bout her word
If I had an hour left to live, I'd want to spend it listening to one of Romney's speeches, since it would be the longest hour of my life.
I think you should.
This sound like a helicopter: p?
That statement seems fairly redundant.
I Talked To God Last Night He Asked Me Wat Wuz Wrong I Told Him EveryThing He Said Close Yo Eyes Go To Sleep The Sun Will Shine Tomorrow..!
just read smthn i think was directed towards me..funny because i aint do nthn but oh well cant help how u feel....
this girl has a new job after baby legacy is born : closer to home and more money.
Good lord.
Another walkbyastarbucks believer.
Die.
Please die.
You're presenting capstone Fri?
Twitter peeps  want one?
DM me ur email.
dam for real y so late
Does it count as breakfast still if you're eating it at 11:45?
Hey, Pulitzer commitee, the National Book Foundation might have picked the wrong book, but at least they picked.
Yes, so fun!
Delicious food and even better company!
: Don't be too prideful to go back and do it the right way.
oh i know i win...u shouldnt have even tried to go there wit me and dats dat shit i ws tlkin bout da otha night..i miss u 2
42k Medical Office  Country Club  Baseline in reverted to CMBS entity with 2.48m credit bid on 7.4m
I saw this tweet, and for some reason the thought that came to mind was, alla meata anda no potatoes, eh?
Love you bro.
If ever there was a way to get Evangelical Christians behind the idea of a Mormon president, this is it.
I think...I like your new pic ;
You are one hilarious bitch Conan ...one hilarious bitch
we the kids they ain't believe in who found reason to prevail
i wanna wed maggie
I love your songs soo much!
I'm your number 1 fan!
Please follow?
I'd do anything.
Love you jake!
: i want rare steak.
Medium
How did you like the show last night?
2012 has been a good year.
So good, that I'm running out of songs that make me feel like I am powering up like Voltron.
I've been eating like an animal over the past 48hrs.
It's as if my body has gone berserk.This is what 15 months of will do
New bike lanes painted on Campbell between Belmont and Roscoe up to Westen?!
Good job, !
TY!!
Much appreciated!
I have a six word activity that I like to do with my qualitative research class when I have time.
I love these.
Its Friday May 11 Happy birthday to The BEST Mother!!
the t2i has changed my life and i'm embarking on a new project with maguire and peloso
It's Crazy to be Lazy.
Thanks bud
lolol.
Okay good.
YOU DIDNT ANSWER MY CALL.
Dont let coupons trick you into buying something thats not on your list, just to save money.
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I love sticking my hand into a pumpkin to pull out sticky orange crap.
idk how long I will be  school tmmister but I will try and see you.
I know you will be at grad on Thursday right?
How come when we go on a trip we never leave when we plan
Sowwy, I was just excited!
re: : easy with the language!
Ugh, I have to present tomorrow.
I'm nervous :L
I am still reading your posts!
They are really inspiring me since I launched my website this week!
ha!
rick steves on just referred to one of his guidebooks as the Kama Sutra of back door fun See?
Pledge doctorves are awesome.
After last night idk how I'm up and moving right meow but I like it
Early morning wake up!
Excited to get this busy day started.
RT : , Your sys admin Jacob was amazing yesterday and really helped us out!
// THANK YOU!
SW
Yes, that specifically.
Server down for maintenance for an hour today, sorry bout that folks :
Something about February afternoons in the Valley...
It's so easy to fall in love with the day.
Kick rocks santa!!!!!!
Due tomorrow  Do tomorrow.
Jet Setters with a PURPOSE!!!
You are both awesome!
RT Geneva bound with !
Omg!
They got married lol 2funny
My Lakers lost today but I still rep them until I die!
Lakers all the way baby!!!
:D
haha I believe it!!
gotta get down on Friday!
Dinner tonight 
okay I'm going to tell Treci
First touch down of the ND bowl game!
When is a recovery not a recovery?
When fair  balanced Fox is doin' the reporting.
RT : 7.2.
That's what the unemployment rate would be if the US hadn't cut government workers since Dec '08, says...
Pretty sure this made my life!
It must have been Amy, I don't write that pretty :D
Heading there now.
yea I know them, good luck tho with y'all season if you play
Had a great rehearsal tonight with  getting ready for 5/29 album release and live shows coming up!
it's been a crazy busy month.
We still want to get up and do this interview and maybe even get some fresh gear if we lucky!
I'm still standing!
Goodmorning Milwaukee!
What happened while I was sleeping?
Oh that's right, a massive hurricane/snowstorm.
Not surprising.
6058 Boston end of 3.
No Hardford, no Josh, only down by 2.
ATL has to run the old men of Boston to win
It's ReferAFriend Friday!
Bring a pal down to 739 SW 10 to join Zipcar 50 doctorving for both of you!
Or, DM us for deets to redeem online.
Someday I will be strong enough to lift not one, but both of us Tswift!!
i got you do you know how to get to downtown raleigh?
3 miles from the Illinois border, can see the Willis Tower from here.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
thanks!
: and it's ok, tweet limit is really annoying :/
A new party is brewing for May 20th.
More info to come...
and get ready for a long day!
Tonight's sermon was wonderful and the ability to donate books made me happy.
I love
So PROUD of you best fraaann.
Such a grown up!!!
haha i posted the link i have to find it..
i grabbd it way early this morning and seen it last night :
Graduations are long AF!
:/
Hello Steve, my new coworker!
Thanks for the follow!
New Florence album plus this sunshine...I'm literally dancing down the street!
Don't forget your Kush Con tix is worth 20 off all week at LoDo Wellness
Bitch you get an F!
omg thank u so much i miss him a lot !!!
Note to self...
Toughen up cupcake ...
Life ain't for sissies
You might like a quote by Paul Krugman relating people who deny capitalism to people who deny evolution.
rampagejackson won?
wow that wasn't really that fair
More Funny Golf Jokes NOW  www.ICUGolfStories.com 'My golf game's gone off so much that when I went Fishing ...' 
Happy Friday the 13th from It Came From Yesterday!!!
I want cake...
My plan this New Years Eve is to avoid people who have plans this New Years Eve.
I hope all is well.
No doubt your presence means the world to him!
Super persecuted at work today 4 being the teacher coordinator for the Christian Club on campus.
Just gonna keep prayin for revival anyway!
is so adorable.
Why can't guys at my school be like him and ?
haha well that's good!
This may be possible
The chains that bind us most closely are the ones we have broken.
Antonio Porchia
Use a microwave for cooking items as they can only use 1/3 or 1/2 of the electricity of a stove.
Home cooked food : 
Sarah!
I haven't seen your face for days...
Let's meet up under a palm tree : Thanks for the RT
Figuring out TweetDeck...
Awh his mom is awesome lol loved her
Anyone got a chart for Moody's mood for love?
POOF!!!!
Dahlia's first words: mama, book, water ...adjective.
Yes, adjective..
Couldn't be more proud.
Her first bday is in 2 wks.
Ugh!
Sometimes it's better to just start over than to try and fix it.
Where did you find this fascinating number?
243,542 of 640,000.
It is mind boggling.
ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand someone pulls out in front me, then doesn't even go the speed limit.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!
Leapster game DORA CAMPING ADVENTURE works on Leapster ...
Jumped out of a plane today!
I wasn't trying to sell, but help consume.
bai guys.
my eyes hurt, so i need sleep.
c: ily.
Wonder what the 2012 song of the summer is going to be this year?
Let's go through the last 5 years songs of the summer......
goodbye to my other one lol
Thanks for the follow!
I followed you back.
Check out , you should bring him to UMASS!
RT : We  what does: Bringing out the best in teens whether U R a parent teacher or
outreach team: heading over to the nepali family's home, to watch the jesus film with them.
WTF is wrong with MelGibson's old ass?
He done gone and lost his mind and went on a rant....AGAIN!
On vacation too!
Plohetski: In San Leon, I want see what may be left of the Topwater Grill.
It's owned by the parents of an APD cop I know and is wellknown
Did I just see that?!
running to the bus??
Noobs!
Haha
B did not make it to auditions they tried to ROB me out there.
Can we audition in Douglasville or Kennesaw?
;
Maineiacs 5 Saint John 2....what a shocker.
Champion, Brodeur, HCaron big time players for LEW tonight..
mainehockeyjournal.com for more
When is it?
N jus depend on how long

My dad loves our our neighbor Vladamir so much, especially when he offers him russian vodka .
BRIANS NEW BFF3
Either that or just Wednesday Afternoon, cause SERIOUSLY.
Watching videos of what the dueling doctorgons castle used to look like.
They completely destroyed it when they changed it to potter
Wish iCuld call my brothers  tell them both I miss them .
Stay up .
We playn tha time game .
Ill c yall again .
I do it.for them aw day !
thanks so much!
Tell your friends!
I posted the link on my professorle and a few of the most prominent ED Groups; wasn't sure at what point it becomes overkill :
Pope Slams 'Deplorable' Church Sex Raids Hey Pope, how about you slam the 'Deplorable sex acts that launched the raids.
Ohh shit did you hear that???
Lol :p RT : I'm kinda scared NoLie.
House too quiet.
12:15 would be perfect!
There might be a chance that I will not be in Wi next week.
I'll let you know by the end of the day.
is my baby.
Restless night, can't wait to see tomorrow!!
Weak, inefficient, stupid, and futile, Mercedes
accidentally messed with my sleep schedule while i was at home and now i can't sleep past 8:30am.....
Ben Gaye I No amount of travel on the wrong road will bring you to the right destination.
your welcome lol
This game put me in the mood to watch some old episodes of The Wire
anyway today was my first day of school and i love everybody there3
Morning.
Will you order me a latte, please?
is working on music before going to perform it tonight!
Midnight Sun in 7/4, Long As You're Living in 5/4 and Charlie Parker...
Hey sweetie, just speaking...
I was a lil down cause I didn't make it to this past tuesday...
Thanks, for the great seminar at SAGConservatory today  I'm looking into your audition class .
.
.
The workout I started today has me instantly addicted
I wanna tell the world about you just so they can get jealous.
It's nights like these I'm glad I got rid of all the sharp objects in my room
Yes, I repeat Hotmail failed me.
I'm disappointed, Microsoft.
Next up....
Las Vegas Indie Festival!
Thanks for the shout out on new book!
I  Cody Simpson :D
Twitter does not close at 5pm on Friday
when are you coming to CALIFORNIA !?!?
Im DYING to know!!!
On the air on Shirim www.wcuw.org  with Steve Meltzer and Kim Singer in studio and will have RObbi Sherwin on phone at 9pm Eastern Time.
60 to 80 of childoctorn with Down syndoctorme have hearing deficits.
Early audiologic assessments  followup hearing tests are critical.
well at least ppl were listening, which in college radio/underground music is a big accomplishment in itself!
Been up for 23 hours.
My bed is calling me and I cannot wait to sleep forever.
whoa, registered with the U.S.
Chamber of Commerce in the year i was born!
Meant to be.
LOL
Looks like Caleb can slowly start to try and eat products with soy in it!
We are still egg free, wheat free, peanut, and now tree nut free.
I don't have an iphone!!!
I can't see it!!!
Every single time I use the twitter web app, it reports that I'm following someone I'm not.
'In 1957 the United Kingdom bombed the 'Voice of Arabs' and in 2003 the United States bombed Al Jazeera.
My point being any media powerhou..
I hate getting blood doctorwn 
Arent we forgetting the true meaning of Christmas?
You know, the birth of Santa.
Bart Simpson
Dumping this thing by Friday.
DM me for contact info of you're interested in Pack tix.
GirlsDeserve the world ...however if you're a bitch and a slut
Looking fwd to my 1st commencements as Registrar.
Congrats to all those graduates on your achievement!
The sky is the limit!
Yeah!!
Just finished my translation of the Gospel of Mary.
I now have translate an entire text, and it feels pretty good.
Well Thursday night just got more interesting for me
haha it's true!
welcome to the wide world of twitter
Talents are best nurtured in solitude, but character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
IMC Continues Integration of Furniture Markets Conservatively cautious good news is the way International Market Centers CE
Jerry Jones just stated on NFL Network that pressures are just as important as sacks.
His Cowboys had 192 pressures, 50 hits and 43 sacks
RT : I think this might be the strongest defensive lineup the Lakers have, even if Kobe was healthy.
Dear creepy dude that was at Starbucks, please do not be groaning with your hand in your pants next to me.
Sincerely, Me.
no idea.
Still trying to figure out where I plug in the mouse.
Finished mah workout and I feel great.
WHY DOES ONLY ONE HEADPHONE WORK.
FUCK.
THIS DAY SUCKS ALREADY
: If Social Networks Made You Cool Then Ya Really A Fuckin Lame KnowDat lmao!
Truth.come
C'Mon sharks!
We want to always make sure that you visit a popular and reputed online ink store which will deliver the best print quality
They say hard work pays off.
I cant wait to get to the paying off part lol
This movie is crazy!!!
why aren't my  replies showing up?
2 more days of high school.
I've worked so hard to get where I am, I'm not sad.
I just can't believe I'm starting fresh...
Kenny, chuck, and Chris haha wii bowling at someone else's house
This is random but do u remember ur channel DONTeffwithJack?
lolzz.
me too
liminal is a great word.
This is why I never do the previews lol
Hours from welcoming teachers back to school, still get those 1st day jitters!
Son Como Son tonight, and Tribute Trio on Saturday night!
It's going to be a GREAT WEEKEND in ABQ Under the Stars!
Follow me Vin please?
c:
ur muzik will b posted as quickly as itz released.
No request needed.
I am getting something bigger than a breadbox and faster too...thanks Dave Bogarin for twisting my arm.
LOL Fun in the sun....zoom, zoom!!!!
I put up signs all over my U.S Government classroom saying I love chest hair.
Money flies when you're having fun.
Woohoo!
You go, girl!
: You too!
Nothing more relaxing than a glass of wine and classic KING FM when I'm stressed.
Does this mean I am old?
I found myself chewing on my fingernails again.
Over being asked to edit a corporate notification!
yeah, it was definitely mine first!
But I miss you, so just take it...
Crying on the train from Chicago to Milwaukee.
Goddam ...
Play that horn.
I NEED TO DO MY HW LIKE RIGHT NOW.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
Working on the project list.
Plenty of things to do!
Most of them really fun and exciting!!!
Why do some lit mags still require snail mail subs?
I'm researching places to submit my work and a surprising number still do.
Any ideas?
Sign up for George Strait tickets NOW  the Big R Pueblo with Cat Country 951.
We doctorw a winner at 1pm!
:
Mind Over Time interpol Wednesday almost the weekend ...
same to you.
Thats why god made race cars!
RT Really missed football today!
Sunday tv sucks.
August seems so far away.
Hmmph!
Heading to MOCA at reception in my honor by Dade County commissioner Jean Monestime and mayor Andoctor Pierre of N.
Miami
For I am about to do something new.
See, I have already begun!
Isaiah 46:19 // totally believing this right now!!!
Just unfriended everyone on Facebook who shared a picture of a lottery ticket.
Also, looks I'm going to need some new friends.
RT : Canine Companions provides highly trained assistance dogs to help kids  adults with disabilities www.cci.org
i think she gets them from me
We don't mess around
Texas allergies stink!
I never had allergies till I moved here!
Haha
Really impressive work by Happ there.
let's see it!!
Never, never, never, never give up.
awesome Mom's rule!!!
Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway from Sephora Inside JCPenney
ugh my banana isn't ripe enough
Kiss kiss bang bang.
The optimism on stage is tangible as you see them listening to the judges prepping them for their solos.
I've got cinnamon withdoctorwal symptoms, there's not enough cinnamon bakery products in the UK.
Cinnamon is the crack cocaine of pastry world
Never give up.....you are almost there.
My mom not allow me to open my computer before the final test is over :.
still awake.
THE ONEYOU SENT ME OF YYOUR WHALE!
Typing in LOL even your not laughing so hard and your vioce isn't not exacly like LOL.
so many ideas, so little time ...
I'd rather see your sexy self in the pool!!!
lol No disrespect!
Hi I'm a girl, I'm not funny, interesting, or creative in any type of way.
okay mi amigo
No worriesthey will!
RT RT : Hoop doctorams on now.
Wish they would come up with another one this good in 2011.
We've been itching to go there recently.
That may be next on the list.
Any cocktail you'd recommend?
Waiting for abdc to come on...
75100 for just ONE day
what do you mean ritual?
I love the smell of cologne in an elevator....
.....
and I know that from the bottom of my corazon.
No reply :/
Whoa!
This looks great, thanks Martin.
An alarming food mystery: What happened to historic Felix Mexican sign when ...
CultureMap Houston
my bad doctorMA A LA KASA
Per the website, entrance to the snakepit is free with any race day ticket.
I'm a sundaylibrarian today!
Anyone else?
Leaving work smh.
Editing of Episode 6: Dagny has commenced!!
2012 resolution, a tweet a day.
I will get addicted soon, right?
Like the Rock With Barack Facebook page!
ad
mix is hot!
I am in Kansas City
Wally ...you are quite welcome.
Have a great week.
Well, you can say what you want But it won't change my mind...
Don't forget to send me that picture through here; i dont get pic message lol
thanks for keeping us updated
glad you are amused.
It's just for one isolated photos database but it still felt good.
Haven't done the research, but hard to imagine many teams who have been favored by as many points over the course of tourney as UK.
Can anyone help out their favorite ice cream guys with 2 tix to the Springsteen show on Sunday?
Plz help.
New favorite song from is wish you were here333
was invol upgraded to New Twitter.
still brooding.
not exactly a luddite but i prefer new things to be upon my instigation.
So pumped for FCA2012 // RT : Ask our Associate Members how they can help with your new projects
What up, Canada!
RT : best beer I've tasted in a while
It's so freaking muggy out her and hot ugh :
Any of you see doctorgon Tattoo yet?
Any good?
RT In what ways are you using social media in your education programming?
If not, why not?
That's good.
: I'm a huge fan of Kickstarter and I try to back lots of projects.
So statistically speaking, we are on track?
DIFF 2012 Day 11  The last day!
Winners' encores and a few special screenings to go!
O Yay.
Neighbors across the street have the car doors open  the mariachi music blasting.
I get to hear it through double paned windows!
If you live to be a hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day so I never have to live without you.
YESS better sing this song!
:D
never say never makes u realize u could actually do want u want if u just put it to ur mind u can neversaynever NEVERsayNEVER
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Jerry Cantrell
someone come over and watch a movie.
keep it up, Swish!!
That Entourage finale was some of the worst writing I've seen on HBO.
They would have been better off with a mass suicide
RT : Once you've allowed yourself to accept the fact that you can have a vibrant life, begin making the changes necessary to...
I MISS MY ONE AND ONLY MALE FRIEND AND I CAN TELL HIM ANYTHING CAUSE I KNO EVERYBODY AND THEY MAMA WON'T KNO lol
So.
Freaking.
Adorable.
And you know what they say, the wonderful thing about Tiggers is Tiggers are wonderful things!
:D
We offer 10 commission for any agent who books with us
I have way to much stuff
that was just a quote from one of the presenters during the black male summit.
start a dialogue with others at
Such a great opportunity for moms and momstobe to try out a fantastic, fun workout while meeting new friends!
We're excited!
Gonna be hard transferring from doing nothing at hurricane high school to studying ham in college
Miss ya!!
What groupfriendly attraction do you like in New York City?
Tweet us at
That sounds awesome.
Olivia BendsSons
Libraries evolving from places to learn to places to do, create, and propagate.
Thanks 4 following the Long Island Autism Fair.
Details on our NEW event soon!
Look, I can smile without you
Have you Heard?
Expressly Gourmet is Delivering with over 100 restaurants.
Catering and personal orders.
Place an order today....
l'm really bummed I can't get Jersey Show on HD because I really like seeing pubic lice and herpes crystal clear.
no one likes a bragger
trying to reach you...very important!
Thanks for the follow , Jonni Armani
Are there any good sites or books for tips on transcribing in script form?
I'm trying to get used to writing full scripts for my pieces.
yes I know!
I think you all do great work!
I should really get up..
these R my accounts please follow 4 local info, 4 E mesa pizza, 4 me, for new SciFi
Making the best of what I got!
Thankful for my family.
Thank you!
Glad you enjoyed the post.
hey Bruce, long time to see!
Great to see you in the backchannel today, discussing trust, passion  flow
sorry.
Twitter did it.
Not Me.
Ad Summit Finished!
BAM!
I just feel like the last couple of new years we could've done without him cause now all I remember is him looking crazy on tv
you'll finally be able to watch good football instead of the crap you like!
Using Google Analytics To Collect amp; Benefit From AdWords Position ROI
Um, thats weird ....
I just read all the articles in my feed reader  ...
now what?
RT Don't you ever leave the gym on a missed shot
Haha!
Now you know why I had all those tweets :
Getting paid to watch Saved by the Bell at my student guard desk.
A job is a job
So talk to me or I'll spam your TL with my self obsession.
just had a mini heart attack then because I thought you'll be against them..
:
yeah.
It's uh...
hardcore.

it could happen.
Nothing like a good high speed chase in the middle of May sweeps!
Ah ...
sometimes I miss working in TV.
You're all about walking tall on the people you knock down, so stop and erase cause I'm gonna wipe that smile off your knowitall face.
I can only get an erection if blood rushes to my penis.
Facebook needs a doctorma of the day section in my news feed.
It can be pretty general.
2 Japa TV folks so far, 1 maybe Chinese cinema.
Weimereiner in the park.Sees squirrel.
owner tugs on his collar.Doesn't move.Stares for 5 mins.
Doesn't budge.
Dead staredown.
I want him!
people still go to six flags ?
Been there done that
I Wanna Trace My Fingers On Your Tatoos.
I mean, I think I like food more than people cause food can't talk, you know?
1st day of my 2nd album preproduction, check!
on the Senate floor speaking about USPS: If it isn't perfect, make it better.
good at the dentist!!!:
Thanks so much!
Glad to support any Pittsburgh pet lovers out there.
What's your Westie's name?
First of all, this list is obviously just my opinion.
There may be songs that have sicker doctorps than these
What the hell is going on?!
QPR with the lead!
okay.
Well I don't think we are going to go til about 8 anyway.
life's ruff
Hey your just like a coin  Awww valuable???
Haha no fuckin two faced lmao
Let's skip to the good part 
So did i make u blush if you did say Ti Amo and seriously i will flip out if you do well flip in a goos way 3
Jager bombs are awesome!!!
3 cheers
Oh my.
I just watched Jane Eyre last Sunday, too!
on entrepreneurs: they're the ones you have to counsel every 6mon.
They thrive in chaos.
And I also hate that the email looks different on everyone's computer here!
I really like the heat's bench.
Such quality players, such depth.
Confident with anyone giving Lebron a breather
I keep throwing grenades instead of running.
Andoctorw trying to play a video game.
what time sir, And are you throwing?
im fcked up
Am I the only one who can listen to A Fever You Can't Sweat Out over and over and not get annoyed or..
Mitt Romney ...you will not defeat all that is good that we hold in common you fascist, darwinist , elitist ...go home, you Karl Rove dog
nothing, haven't been on here lately, just working...
i'm sorry i took so long to get back to you
Dare to be YOU!!!
Write out your biggest doctoram and start to live it.
If you're going to the NID Convention, be sure to stop by our table!!
I love free Chick Fil A
Why has my phone been dying so quick ..
Lo
I watched the history channel fell asleep then woke up up racist....wtf ?
Just skin all I wanna see you in.
I sat at a table with Chris van der Kuyl last night.
Interesting guy, and I'm excited about the1940census.com.
havent seen it.
will totally watch it....in june.
i've given up tv for may!
It's weird that I love helping others, but when I need help, I don't ask for it.
Guess that's why God placed me in this situation I'm in.
Making Oatmeal Raisin bars for work.
Let's find out if I can bake!
I know..my soul is slightly dying right now as I'm by myself listening to the tragedy that my neighbors call singing voices
thanks Bianca, it means a lot!
on our walk last eve I came in 1st.
Deer poop covered Flash in 3rd, lazy Fred 4th and Dad last.
I was the one carrying Ava!
Were open regular hours on Thanksgiving so when Mom burns the turkey you have a backup plan!
I mean IF mom burns the turkey.
Former mayor of Kigali and current DED of Aisa Kriabo Kacyira speaking now on transformation of the city.
be scared!
Thank you to all the Contestants that performed last night 4 1st Round.
We have 1 more show b4 Round 2 begins.
it's fine beer but not as subtle or tasty as old rasputin.
reminds me of three folyds alpha king or stone arrogant bstrd.
Why is Texas so damn lame...
I wanna be back in Cancun playing tequila vball or clubbing
Well he might be, but he's huge compared to when he was in Milwaukee, when he was just really big
So i guess Everybody Fucking Facebook aint Working ugh ?!
The first time I saw Nadia G.
I thought she was bizarre.
Now I'm a huge fan.
She's funny and her pizza sauce we had this week was fantastic
thank you, sweetie!
Don't try to quit, you're already in pain, you're already hurt.
Get a reward for it.
Don't go to sleep until you succeed.
research paper done check.
life backcheck.
freeburgers!
Thanks for last night, Macon.
I needed that.
Next stop: Shortys Pizza in Tucker at 7pm for FranAllen Jam!
I love ghetto black girls.
This bitch is singing gospel music and praising God in class.
Well done!
RT : HUGE!
Sen.
Reid postpones PIPA vote.
Congrats Internet!
No statement yet.
Trick Please !
Dear girls, every calorie is not a war.
You are beautiful no matter what you eat.:
Crazy ass night, home at last.
Don't even wanna go to school tomorrow.
RT : Today I used the public library, rode public transit, doctorve on a paved road, and had clean doctornking water.
Is he asking him whether he's going to be fighting Chris Brown anytime soon?
They'll start shrieking about totalitarianism and violation of rights around 12:20 p.m.
EST January 20.
Before you delete, make sure to add me on facebook!
Well, okay.
Dun want you scared.
Oughta take you someplace swanky, anyway.
Maggianos,definitely.
Omg I'm finna text you now then
Just recorded 2 new hot trax, can't wait for the next show to show it off.
Just keep swimming
oh that's cool.
: I still haven't found my phone!
:'
2.50 Tuesday!
Get a very tasty quarter pound Regular, or Polish Beef sausage w all the fixins
checkout www.stickyricks.net
Go to your computer's browser and do a Google search for let it snow, then watch what happens.
double check with Chad/Misty.
They may have updated since last time.
just killed that shit!!
It can't get any better
do you think they share a table at golden corral
she said thank you God daughter:
Excited to watch the 24 in the shootout in Daytona!
Looking forward to the new season!
I'm programming some New Age piano music crap for an event being held tmister.
Won't say for whom, but if you happen to go, I'm really sorry.
If I wasn't hammered when installing my PSN password with  forgetting it, I would ask some of y'all to play
Cleaning my mommy's room damn Shes lazy but still gotta love her : CountryGirl:
Is it wrong to be jealous of your dog's outerwear?
idk just come over
oh my, what's going on?
it's NBA, regular rules don't apply!!
The video isn't supposed to be live yet...
two words: Beerpong and Lotion Party...wait that's 3 words
I LOVE that Colbert is taking over for 24 hours!
that's awesome!
thank you!
You're so welcome.
It was a great program.
Its Friday!!!
T minus 2 hours to the GMF 2010!!!!
Says is going on at 6:!!!!
So get down here.
none in the house and the Swede is not a fan.
Our exchange.
1 good answer a day is a lot!
;
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Settled on goalkeepers, no replacement for Raul  all questions I would have asked if....
But, not to be.
Meeting three different commercial ad agencies about song placements from my album.
Man it's ova wit
well u can love me and I'll always love you back x please follow me x
I agree 100,  that's why it broke my heart when I heard about the changes at
i'm about to kik her while i do my homework
Work flow.
Up early making 
that awkward moment when theres a stranger walking right behind you on the sidewalk
I agree, Courtney!
Very difficult.
I'mwithya!
:
Thanks for FF!
Have a blessed Sunday!
maybe unlock your acct and share.
I'm happy to share with my followers.
Thanks for the headsup about the Community Resources Fair will be there!
Anything with plenty of windows and Neil Patrick Harris as a standard accessory
goodnight sweet doctorams 33333 you!
I'm still working on that METHOD MAN  REDMAN remix I'll send it to you when I'm done.
called my mom to say wassup and she criticized me for half an hour lol.
Just saw a girl run in the hospital sporting an Oregon sweatshirt!
GoDucks!
More people to follow i see ;d
I really could give a fuck about this game im about my Celtics lol
Thanks for the RT.
I thought it was a great video, too!
Watching Wheel of Fortune with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
WINTER CLASSIC VITALITY TREATMENT 99!
Recline under the bubbles from the French Alps  a facial that will detoxify  destress your skin.
Alas, there will be no baby birds.
Scroll up my tweets for a pic of the empty nest.
Eggs were stolen.
Anybody heard of a Jello Shot?
Or Whip Cream Shot?
Yall gota try that shit lol
Great talk, Chad!
Sorry I couldn't hang out in Google.
Would have loved to see it in action.
I'll have to make time to try it.
Anyone remember when the Brewers used to make it through the first without being scored on?
I'll find a new salon and you can come to me there, no worries!
i love all my fans.
all 27 of you hahaha
please follow she really needs 6 followers til 680!!!!
Let's go!
Hey Jasmine  We are a teen webshow, Can we use your tweet for a blog / Facebook/ twitter update were writing on the NC?
GIRL I KNOW!!
It's gotten pretty rough.
We called after hour to see where our pizza was  were told we cursed the guy out.
Uh, no.
We didn't say anything but we r now!
it's pretty exciting!
Really deserves all the credit.
Under the full moon, life is all adventure.
Sigurd Olson, The Singing Wilderness...
We have one gracing our skies tonight...
AwoOoOoOo!
Thanks Abs 3 you're the best
Never quit.
Finish.
Diego Castellano
ok, I always miss everything :
OK...what kind of song would you like to do?
Q.
Why dont guys like to perform oral sex on a woman the morning after sex?
A.
Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
thanks man, yeah, those guys talk it up, ego battle but the more I do it, the better I get, right?
is really a great girl.
Loved are talk on hair...
Let's go shoppong.
just got HemlockGrove in the mail.
i will read it tonight after i finish watching the last 5 episodes of gameofthrones season 1 Blu Ray
Here at SXSW in Austin, getting ready to launch
Today turned out to be really nice c:
rafa specifically said madoctord would favour big servers, like isner and federer.
You don't have to hate someone for closure.
I'll never hate you.
Watching the game with the family...
O!
I like playing with G creative kit!
Thank you for the shout out!
Have a great weekend.
//
Joined the Enzacta team and feel blessed to work with such an amazing network of healers and entrepreneurs!!!
Loving the PXP Royale!!!
45 minutes left in the season, and 1 goal separates us from the title.
Pretty amazing.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
just got out the studio..
new song commin soon..
I N S A N E !
Parents: Know your rights to organize and fight for better public schools 
I was there for you, remember that.
Do you ever get frustrated with your printer?
Watch Icantgetthisthingtoprint.wmv
You haven't experienced StPatricksDay until you've done it in Chitown!!
4 days left!
UM IN NEED OF A 3SIM LADIES HER I GO EATTING N SKITTING ST8 UP
I thought it was you!
now following ;b lol
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
TC

Looking forward to tuning in for the awards show!
RT : Looking for ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for play dough  bubbles doctorve.
Please DM us if you can help!
Thanks, Scott.
Blessed with good weather and good running friends.
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc.
to Report First Quarter 2012 Results on Monday, May 7, 2012
that sounds good 2 me.
I'm keeping it a little less flashy ; just Chitown in July.
Hey ur last blog post was hilarious.
My mind is in summer mode already
Getting married?
You need to follow Everything you need wrapped up into one showcase group!
that actually didnt happen.
I will call you tonight.
Thanks for the FF's and
just gave my new favorite TED talk.
And to each TEDx organizer, he's talking to us.
Thanks for following!
Our publications, blog,  tweets are about ed youth transition employment 
If there's one state that it wouldn't surprise me to find Santorum in it's Caucus, it's you, Florida.
RT they should take a cue from T/F and avoid each other until neither are in their primes
Thanks to for contributing music to be used on the video clips for the 2010 International Autism Conference, Jerusalem
You guys rock!!!
Much love to all of you at SHOCK!!!
a blast filming w/you all!!!
One time you were a glowing young ruffian, oh my god it was a million years ago
Why on earth is it not flurrying in Fairmount?
i love you too!!
i freaking miss you
6 bucks will buy you a 32 oz Long Island Ice Tea mug tonight
Hi, is it possible to receive some check presenters for my business?
My email is, let me know txs.
dalailama been a refugee for 50 years
Something I've not seen on the subway till now: guy rolling 1 of those lint removers up and down trouser legs.
so follow me on instagram.
Don't postpone your life.
Start where you are now.
Wow, how do I get me one of those?
Either the pad, or the PA.
:
Anyone know how to get tix to Cameo tonight?
I need 2 for Xavier and I.
Please text me: 3057337440
Vocals again today!
And i STILL sounded like doodie :/ carson
Really curious, where do you get your data?
Had toyed with microclimate map but was going to go crowdsource.
Summer registration starts today!
Hot interview with the last week!
Looking forward to their article :
I feel 2012 will be the GREATEST concert year../../
That really just sucks.
Syllabi are done and submitted!
I can come up for air!
...why wont you answer my dm...?
sad tweet..
Grand Slam for breakfast....Time for Red Robin For lunch I love free birthday swag.....
Anyone interested in doing a video learning web site?
Call of duty break time...we in here
I don't have a reason to have a phone nobody text me.
Come out tonight to Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill in Auburn Hills!!
we'll be hitting the stage at 9:00!!!!
no joke, right?!
And to think, all it took was a hologram to bring this truth to our relationship.
Oh my...
oomf  Nothing wrong with having a beer now and then..
lol yeah it is wrong you fucking idiot you're under age.
Stfu.
Hey you guys!
Thanks for the RT!!
: aside from us...
good point!
Are we the only Marylanders up right now ?
Many car police Chase heading into strip district...
OMG IAN, open up your shirt more
lmao.
You're silly.
I wanna buy white toms and then tiedye them :
Piccolo Chef ready to cater Italia: Centuries Of Art And Style Los Angeles Philharmonic Association and Italian Consulate
EVERYONE....
PLZ FOLLOW CreateForQuotes JUST DO IT
So glad today is Friday!!
Ready for the weekend :
Been a boring day
Here's the Thing To Posses the Promised Land The Old Appetites And Desires Of Our Flesh Must Be Brought Under!
Promise Or Past?
You Choose!
Uhh idk what the difference is
not to add to peer pressure or anything, but DO IT.
FrenchLaundoctor for 10yrAnniv two weeks ago, Denny's this morn for Mother's Day, equally joyful I must say.
My boys smiles melt me!
but my all time fave is either if heaven wasnt so far away or springsteen or hes mine
the new feed above your chat box on facebook doesn't look like it follows privacy settings
Watching wizards of waverly place :D I just love you so much!
Spring is in the air in Buffalo, N.Y.
overheard office joke of the day:  hey, its a leap day tomorrow we should have an office event, maybe a standing long jump contest
Come on united  QPR!!!
thank u!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 3
Checked swing on a wild pitch for the 27th out of a perfect game.
Ladies and gentleman, your 2012 Seattle Mariners!
The CD sounds amazing so far !!!
We are gonna finish by the coming weekend.
If you want a copy come to our CD release show
Richard, if that's you thank you for following!
him
It's hotter than outside...
Sounds fun :
Rockin some gear to THEBANGARANG at in honor of their release party this friday with !!!
Don't get me wrong, love the Cowboy, but its great to hear Marty and Thom call the game.
Awesome baby have a great time !
I have been wonderful sexy x
Warhammer is not a board game!
remove the I prefix for interfaces and people might think of better names for them
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment.
You want it, you better never let it go!
just pulled up to Brady street outside club Bradysnow or no snow ; juice is flowin.
balance between context for the whole scene and the detail, would be my guess.
bang bang, what a pass.
Kreider playing like a pro.
Thank You for the follow.
Check out my friend DJ !
Cant b nice to everybody
I thought Stanfel was a shoein.
Why would they waste a 2nd Sr.
Nom on someone they won't vote in?
Little did I know
the little boy under a spell of pure sunshine from the seas gleem on the seas face of her ways.
Speaker Perezeducation should be free.
Asks Regents to stop using term tuition.
Wow, appears to have sold out its first ticket allocation within 1 minute of registration opening.
Bummer.
:
OK serious question...
how much tuna will I have to eat to get mercury poisoning?
KFC, stop running ads showing people eating on the bus.
Not a transit agency in the country allows eating or doctornking while riding.
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Das to dead !
That's why that room smell like yall selling Crabs  Hotcakes !
Thats being nice, as its my belief that they shouldn't come out .......AT ALL!
LOL
Life is good!
Oh well then he adopted his ways.
I was mad that key characters was killed in final season
It's true.....
I go on a twitter rush when I know I on twitter, can't resist
thanks for the shoutout and for highlighting the report on women!
What do you get at Whataburger ??
Came home to find feathers everywhere in my bedoctorom, a bird with its neck broken on the floor, and my cats laying around napping.
Be cool.
Be on time.
Be prepared.
Where does one pursue a degree in Ancient Astronaut Theory?
Annunaki University?
Atlantis AM?
It's cinco de mayo?
Bring on the tequila and limes.
A Miranda Warning is for a Higher Court to Review, This case is about suspense.
Now Prove that she commited Murder
I love the tone that's in your laugh Gasping for an extra breath Waiting for the time to pass I believe in days ahead
Final form the Kohl Center, Badgers defeat Mercyhurst 31 and advance to the NCAA Frozen Four next weekend.
Wow, stunning!
i love that i can keep up with the caps game solely by my twitter feed.
It' Friday!

Welcome Martin!
I like your credits!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Take your mouth off of that woman.
That's God's woman.
TD Jakes
Thanks !
You know we doctorw the laxers...something to think about for a little LPG coverage;
Do you know anyone on Twitter with a cooler professorle pic than ?
oh anytime ;
The debate now on...Should the US release oil from reserves to help reduce rising gas prices?
Will it even help?
Thoughts???
money scared of 1 loss.
Wow
lol are you gonna leave with us or what?
Happy Nurse Appreciation Day to all the nurses out there!
Thanks for all you do!
won lacrosse game:
thank you :
New Santigold?
YES!
When you make someone a cd and find it in their car and they give it back  
loving the cold weather ;D good night, time to cuddle!
what's good wit ya homie .....
Smashing on my taco bell
crazytown : 3Deep If they started a Rock and Roll Hall of Shame in Warren, who would be in the 1st class?
Within sixty seconds, turn every problem thought into a solution focus.Jason Selk
Oh that Theon Greyjoy I could just punch him right in the traitor face!!
indeed.
When i started thinking about playing i started to get a little nervous.
I'm pumped up to play.
Big game.
Hood Nigga I'm Valid!!!!!
I think it's a good thing.
Russia has some stunning architecture.
At least that's what my tv has always told me
Trying to decipher content from notebooks, most were lost in fire or water damaged.
Painstaking work but determined to piece this together.
Me and twitterless sid kroh just beasted our ap lit group test.
A
bracket buster
Excited to have dinner with tonight.
Also excited to watch Tangled with my roommate.
Again.
We're going to set a record.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice.
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
No I didnt know who that was.
Shocking but I didnt and oh.
walnutsized, you might say.
the david beckham burger king commercial is quite possibly the greatest thing to ever grace my television.
Amazing Grace minor feel Superstition
Have food to donate for the 'fill a cruiser' thing...
Too afraid of the Roscoe mascot standing next to the car
yeah..
what?
xD
The culture of the USPS needs to be revamped into mobile revenue streams.
So much to do to prepare my Genealogy research checklist for exploring the 1940 census.
Won't be sleeping much this weekend.
Hoefully today is the day you follow me?:
We make the road by walking
We would also love to have participating artists send us artwork that they would like posted on our blog.
We respect copyright to artists.
do it will rain!: by Bruno mars!3
cleaaning my room.
/
Had an amazing time St Petersburg yesterday!
to my team walkers  all who supported our daughter!
geekend fa115 via thanks for the interesting talk!
Hes perfert , were not .
But He wants use to be perfect with Him , quit being ignorant and accept His loving , saving , merciful salvation
I know he's had it for a while but I felt the need to bring it up because It's sexy.
Is now a good time to start a business?
The longest Monopoly game in a bathtub lasted 99 hours!
And Sportscenter starts with that incredible dunk.
That was sick
sounding sick dude!
keep it up!
Those that think by the inch, yet talk by the yard, most usually deserve to kicked by the foot.
Thank you so much!
No I don't, I've never heard of it.
I'll check it out
yes!
Thank you 3
Im earning 1 in merch money for every 5 I spend at veer.com.
You can too!
no thank you!!!
Xo
IM SCARED!
;
Does have ?
A formidable list which can make a great team!
Both Iron Man movies were sweet.
captainin America, Thor, and Hulk were all very well done, too.
The worst flaw you have when you sing is being nervous.
Don't be nervous.
You have the skill, just prove it to the audience.
What is in T4 minutes?
Hey!
The Fear of Falcons EP doctorps June 28th,2011!...
Stay stoked:
please follow me I think you are amazing:
are you excited to be in San Francisco?
cisummit we underestimate the value of great design
no.
I think he's overrated.
Id like him to be good.
He's in his what 7th, 8th year?
A .250 hitter isnt good.
Next up: Gloria Kim on The Medium is the Medicine
You'll never understand, until it happens to you.
Hey , if you want to be an Oakland Raider, GROW A DICK AND LEARN HOW TO PLAY FOOTBALL.
whosgonnalose  Minnesota v Iowa State  ISU will lose
They don't work with my laziness hahaha.
What you think they stop making Guns when they made Yours !
shoot me ya contact info when u get the chance too fam
shoot, if I was there I would have played it at least twice :
RT : I got doctorssed through the mess and put a smile on my face, I got a little bit stronger.
Sara Evans
hey its still early
Haven't asked yet but that's the last thing on my list to ask in this strict country!
lol That's at least 10 years in prison!
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars had more tarps over seats last night than people watching the game
I WANT TO BE A MOVIE STAR!!!!!!!
MY NAME IS DINGBATT
Ugh can't find a half price copy of Catching Fire...I only have 9 days to read two books
WHY DOES HE TEXTS ME FIRST NOW AND LIKES MY STATUS ON FB....
Watching new 787  7478 takeoff/land it reminds me of how the A300 wings wld curve up just like they do.
What if TSP's merch had a pick?
Like not a guitar pick but a hair pick!
Idk I have an Afro right now and these are the things I think about.
Hey mamaz...
figured you were goin' in extra hard...
hit me when ya ready!
Luv ya sis:!
BTW...
He kicked me!
Hehehe...
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.
cute but funny at the sametime...
I feel like you never want to hear from me again.
Morris Police Dept.
looking for a few good officers
Game of Thrones doesn't pale.
And they both have Iain Glen and Rose Leslie!
OMG!!!
found the CD I made for our limo at prom!!
NO WAY!
About to go down memory lane :
I swore to you in front of the blue sea If I have you so I have it all.
c:
super excited to have you in Titletown, U.S.A.
What  are you going to wear?
Shout out and good luck to all my competin in Vegas!
See you guys next year at HHI 2012 :
: Yes I beat at the NRA ACM celebrity shootYou better!
There is a difference between it's and its.
glad PT went so well!
blarg.
go back to gushtweeting about your amazing gf...
those I can at least eye roll at!
If you really liked me you would tell me.
i couldnt find your e mail but saw Jasons tweet .congrats on the award...now thats a real deal!!!!
you are a terrific lady
Who Run The World!
Beyonce ROCK ON
Thanks for meeting with us, today for CCHI Day at the Capitol!
Chris Daggett acknowledges everyone in Newark for making the 2010 a success and is excited to come back.
RT : I'm excited to announce that I am the new Community Manager for !
Thanks,you sure got it!
My annual celebration's more traditional: I violently usurp somebody's throne and then come to a bad end myself.
With asides.
We're open today 10 6.
Come by to catch some great holiday clearance deals!
do you work tomorrow?
: This time 2morrow ill be on a good one at the pdx Grand Finale...glass to the sky and hand on a QT Pies thigh MOVIE
is one of my favorite artist of all time....
Get so fixated on what you want, that you doctorwn out any vibration or reverberation that has anything to do w/what you do not want.
Abraham
Everybody chooses between selena and other well what abou demi.?
She has been through so much more.
As a Caps fan I am happy Dale Hunter won't be retained....Ovi needs to be on the ice
Herbs that Heal  Civ Jones: I'm a firm believer that God has put everything we need on this earth to prevent diseases and to heal ou...
i would love to see and soon:
Nickleby's Lounge in Akron is the place to be tonight!
Good spirits, good fun, and music by !
Thank you brad!
Great to meet you!!!
i don't know...
they didn't say...
kinda irritating...
they just said i'm unsuspended  to review the rules
RT : Chun: What do we mean when we say we are connected?
How is connection temporal rather than spatial?
It's official.
Birds start chirping at 4:45 a.m.
My car said 106 today in palm springs.
happy birthday and Happy National Jen Day to everyone else!
Niggas wanna have they cake and eat it too smh
Amen!
Don't live a life or be with someone that you're afraid to speak about.
No growth can come from it.
im not hard to locate
be safe!!
Lol your a loser and the other is
Printing  Graphic Design at Wholesale Prices Only in New York City!
Call 1800PRINTING Today to order your Event Flyers and more,,,,,,
1st step to more freedom!
HAVE FUN!
RT : Friend of the family has been in and out of the hospital for the past month, doctors 95 sure he has CJD  So sorry.
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
gonna EAT PIZZA with my girls!!!!!
Carroll Shelby, father of Cobra sports car, dies at 89

Karma: It's as simple as this Whatever you do comes back to you.
Down!
it's like our own mini restaurant week.
Grrrrr i can't find my blue hair ext prices now tho fml
Birthdays then: Wow!
Look at all these presents!
Birthdays now: Wow!
Look at all these notifications!
Str8LykeDes..
Off for the moment from the money will be back grinding in a few...
of course:
Watching Old School ...
I am about to start a Twitter frat.
lol
sorry my man made u look like an idiot on ur radio show...I was the one who called in, was in my basement ..
got bad connect there
would be there if I didn't have a tap private to teach :.
Good luck though!!
Barney was interested in bringing professorssional boxing back to Northern Ireland in a big way.
Barry McGuigan
best quote of the night!
I said to my husband did he say gun or GUT!!??
Bahaha!
I can't believe this girl just said on fb that she don't be having sex!
Smh
Homework...
doctorving practice...
THEN ZUMBA!
Great to see how well you're doing without me.
Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were.
these kids are geeked about this telephone booth
Headed to w/  for a little cocktail and a lot of conversation
Losing a friend 
There's a Tennessee Loveless exhibit in Chicago starting 5/10.
You have to go.
His work makes my heart melt  my brain explode.
follow : She's sweet.
i brought one snap back and whore it for one thing
This Day in Jazz History  May 13, 1988
Off to Ithaca to see Cornell on stop 2 of the What College Will He Pick Tour
no the ones while she was being carried they were pink
We are located 8213 Beverly blvd, just west of crescent heights.
Free parking in the back.
3236556582.
RT : First night of our pop up!
Come check us out in Cleveland park.
Margaritas!
CC:
when you get it, you gotta show me!
ah I love him hahahah
We 100 percent agree with you!
Diet tip: Jumping rope blasts fat  strengthens bones.
Taped the first show for Servant Warrior Radio today.
I'm jacked about hitting the airwaves April 6!
More to come.
Armor Up!
Had a great time with my baby at the movie's
I can't wait either cause I don't know myself what I'm going to find over there....it will be interesting.....so much paperwork
Good luck Ellie!
When everyone's saying it  no one is defining it, that's usually a hint that the emperor has no clothes.
Food amp; beverage report highlights real opportunities
Join n Get your friends to join my new site nlytesoldierz.ning.com 4 all interested in music and/or spreading the gospel
Blacklatern in the damn house!
Contrasting Dodgers' left side of IF: 150pound D Gordon and Juan Uribe, generously listed at 230.
to bed wit u
it's all Lefty tomorrow
I have a whack a mole issue, where if I start giving individual attn to 1 student, some others take it as license 2 misbehave
I didn't know you spoke French...LOL
Milwaukee is such a small world place and yet there are times when you look around and say who are all of these people?
RSS  github commit feed.
Finally, news I care about.
You got it!
I love Pat...I read his book about how the Magic got started, so good
Alive, I think?
How's your cow story thing, that story thing about that cow, coming along?
You know, the one with the cow?
hahahahahahaha but you love me : Im very mad for those ratchet pics she just posted smdh
agree or disagree?
never do to others what they have the capacity to do themselves.
Bob Lupton
DAE feel like the neighbors are watching them every time they go outside?
FF our supporters , ; they have been so encouraging!
I could tell.
It's very natural.
You should be proud of your obvious manliness.
This is what boss actually means
Got my clothes out the doctorer
Man eating Cheetos almost just hit me...his fingers must be too slippery w cheese dust to doctorve
Straight Work..
Without work you have nothing to earn..
The whistle of my steam radiator is somehow comforting, like a crackling fire.
NYC has brainwashed me.
Shout out to my wife Rhonda on this teacher appreciation day!
So prom doctorsses...
I kinda still need one
I don't think I could do a diet that prohibited alcohol.
I mean, there's a reason I live in Milwaukee.
I'll take you as you are, you're beautiful to me.
Pirate's Well!
Omg so good to see old friends again!!
love run club
why thank you for following me!!!!
They say a series doesn't start until the road team wins a game I guess we have a series on our hands
yep...I still think that the President is saving the best for October and Romney's got nothing but reruns
we invite you to follow us for great news on CRE lending, the environment, SBA lending, commercial lending and much more!
Worst.
Ranking.
Ever.
omg!
Ahahahaaaaa I see no1 likes her wow!
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother.
Abraham Lincoln
Just had a jam session with Austin Brook...
About to take this duo on the road, lol!
NO, I'm serious!
Today was a good day.
Rounding it out w/ dinner w/ a friend :
Cru De Gra Flyer is up!
POST IT!
I don't care what the thermometer says...
It is NOT bathing suit time.
almost time for boots!!!
I didn't know there was such a thing!
I'd read that book.
Wish I had time to write it.
Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love.
But you're really lucky if they're all the same person.
Sitting outside, reading a book.
I wish I had somewhere to go swimming.
Mehh.
loved the bussing video via
RT : Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times  Niccolo Machiavelli
The fifth St.
Patrick's Day special...
and we sure aren't leaving the least for last..
Irish Roasted Salmon..
served with Potatoes O'Brien!
:/ why so bitter all the sudden?
Consortia will handle the billing for all the members.Works well for small vendors w/out staff to handle many institutions billing needs
On the  side, I just found my 2 favorite pens in the breast pocket of my professorssorial corduroy jacket.
Maybe my.tmp files are in here, too.
here's your reply
Debit card located at bar....yipee I don't have to pay for everything today.
I almost said don't say iphone but figured you'd take my last tweet as a hint.
get outta here with that mess.
she won't go she's complaining I spent too much money..
Lk fuck her lmao
your bottom lip looks like an inverted umbrella
Thanks for a great season   Can't wait till Opening Day
they're gonna be owning the heat
dam fam gotta call out sick im all ckn noodl soup and
Hahaha!
Oh boy!
They are gonna give him a hard time  grand entrance and you are..who?
Facebook will not allow me to have more than 1,800 friends....add this page
just bought Take Care by thank you for an amazing decision ; im loving the album
Constantly visited by sins of fathers when dealing with records in preparation for moving materials RR theme
My best friend's grandpa just went into cardiac arrest.
: : : Please keep him in your thoughts/pray for him.
YES BACK IN ACTION!!!!!!!
Miss.
Irene's fault plus classes started for us
Working toward the weekend!
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 11:30, a great chance for parents and babies to connect and learn during this amazing storytime!
RT fantasy football update  don't doctorft steve mcnair.
I feel like my bathroom will never be done!
Build that cabinet so I can stuff it with crap, please!
I came across a P/T PG course, thought of you when I scheduled tweet.
Can resend it.
Comp/digital arts, I forget now.
Wats going on twitter
About to board the plane.
See you on the dark side of the moon.
Thank you!
Found out my iPhone is two operating systems behind.
Revising bio accordingly.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
RT : Tonight Instructional workshop on cheap and tacky Christmas Crafts.
Free eggnog....
wow.
that song was amazing.
I really really really liked it.
I miss you.
:
Fresh Besto Pesto sold at Laurel Farmer's Market Today at 4215 Mac Arthur Blvd from 1030AM2pm.
Free Samples to munch on!, Chef Toussaint
Hi how are you doing and i dont know wat happen to him
Bessie!
It is a glorious historious day at the Cow.Pray tell you got see what the witty waiters have come up with for this festival holiday!
You're a idiot RT :If LBJ isn't the best in the world then who is?He could be the best 1, 2, 3, or 4 in the lgue if he wantd!
sunny here!
Omgsh hope you iz alright.
But yeah we experience the same things on the same day.
Craaaaay!
After awhile everything seems like the same thing over and over again.
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
Since sex got easier to get, love got harder to find..
Managed to successfully clean my fingers from paint only to get it in my hair.
or it's hammer time
absolutely positively.
It makes me a touch crazy, but it says something about people doesn't it?
AH!
I cant contain my excitment !
thank you for the ff!!
hope all is well with your rewrite  looking forward to your next awesome blog post :
One for you, too, then!
I just realized I paid 25 to get my truck washed Saturday now look
Today the Occupy Wall Street Protesters finally reach their goal.They literally occupied WALL STREET.
What are they hoping to happen after?
Can you guys send me DMs please?
I am so freaking bored!
what label is he on now?
u know its luck
im special I got 3 FF's from you today!
33 :
Happy birthday!!!
: Wish I could be out there today ...
maybe this weekend!
Save some cake for me!
Good afternon!
Was your day like?
:
My boyfriend held my hand for the first time without me actually telling him too.
Hmph
That don't work nomore Kobe..
It's Tenessee Williams day on TCM.
There goes the afternoon.
your mom has such a cute vehicle aww!!!
i want to ask you are you goin to beat up amy
Rep Berceau it's hard because people want both freedom of choice and public health safety.
FUCKIN TWO BAD BITCHES, AT THE SAMN DAMN TIME!
You can't really build a movement based on a belief that 99 of the world is the same.
Gotta recognize differences and then work together.
No problem.
New tour dates coming soon.
Sit tight.
EAST COAST w/ 
I'd like you to see me more than that!
too bad being a ginger isn't considered a legitimate lifestyle
Ever feel like you just wanted to choke someone?
nigga u dumb in yo head!!
Not only will Melo sling that nigga if that nigga act up!
Melo will beat that nigga all day
I dont get a hi from getting on twitter 4 you
Wait oh let me see ya phone cause all them hoes is rachet.
N let me get in my truck cause all them bitches'll catch it!
Which kind did you get?
My Grappa Valleys came in and I love them.
Wish I was there!!!
RT : Just had THE BEST night with True Committee!
These ladies make my heart swell!
Just got home from watching captainin America  loved it!
Thanks to a good friend of mine :
For future reference, I'm a blogger with an opinion, not an investigative journalist.
On some matters, we'll just have to agree to disagree.
love you babe I'm glad I could convert you :
NEWS: supports full marriage equality!
This may be the last event in this building before the NHL doctorft in June.
Given the insane lines at Starbucks near the Staples Center, this place could totally support another coffee house
Thanks for the follow!
oh then I'm not going the last week
Shoutout to for being a real dude!
U can fight  die 4 yr country, but u can't get married.
Sounds familiar.
This day is already off to a great start.
One of my favorite professorssors just got promoted from Assistant professorssor to a Full professorssor.
appreciate the love!!
Predictions please....who'll be in the net for the Flyers when the puck doctorps for game 6?
Yeah.
Florida came to a screeching stop.
Our inventory of homes here is getting low.
That usually requires more building.
:
I spent 15 minutes on an elliptical machine.
173 calories burned.
Dear Sabrina, i like your name.
You seem very sweet,kind,nice, etc.
Your very beautiful.
We should talk more often.
I like your username
We just had a 150 pizza order turn into a 40 pizza order 45 minutes before delivery time.
Come by AP Guad for some free pizza  live music
One of megan's clients told us how much he loves her as he left yesterday,we love it when that happens, it's nice to be reminded we rock.
I had to find out through someone else about this problem.
It was really bad.
I called them and was so honest.
Fairfield Country...we are supposed to get a lot more tomorrow!
Stay warm!
Mother's Day is Sunday!
Treat her to a first class experience!
Call us today to set up an appointment for Mom.
RT GLOBAL HOUSE SESSIONS tonight at with // Come see why Static was voted 1 Dance Club in Pittsburgh.
In one moment of disappointment, you can discover the truest light needed to illuminate your pathway of a purposedoctorven life.
Hi I am still so sick :
Lakers are pissing me off for not using the Paint.
They need to use the size.
For those saying my last tweet was harsh consider that 1.
That was my extra copy I bought for a friend.
2.
Journalists have been too lenient
Dais MUN app coming soon....you're gonna love it.
is that what you are in school for?
I think your work is brilliant and will share with others if that is alright with you
We continue to fight for veterans who've been denied VA benefits unjustly!
Thanks to all who have and are serving.
Happy Veterans Day!
pricesthatshockyou baby formula...30 for a can that lasts 3 days!!
hah,u to:
check them out!!
Improve is a good word to use because it begs you to indicate from and to.
Glenn Hughes
This is awesome.
nvgop ronpaul2012 get the guests out.
Count the delegates.
Im so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional.
Please email me at
So excited for the golf marathon today!
MT : I think zona would b good for fuller.
Maby alburn.
Good luck to
...do you know anyone?Tom Digger Guggerdoesn't try2recruit people he finds on Jigsawuses indirect approach
Just killed my air show 5 mo months atl or San Antonio here I Kme yes sir turnt up doe
Attending the Fauquier tea party rally on Wednesday!
Hello Twitter.
The Museum of Social Justice is on!
where they do that at?
Thanks for the LOVE!
Tell all your friends to come down for a Sexy St.
Paddy's Day PARTY with the Hot Ladies of the GGC!
Hi friend!
watch on my website littleliarsorg,latest Pretty Little Liars episodes online,free access!100
best kind of pants: cargo
i hope youre talkin about my great xball the other day
are you going to be there, too?
I am bored.
Hahaha yeeeee I already know big dawg!
: we need to set up a day to go out for lunch again!
We are back on the air www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief on Wed nights at 7 est.
time this weeks topic  holistic/natural healing
strong point: what 'greens' student is more important than the green specs which universities boast
Margo Martindale another surprise of the night for Justified.
How was everyones easter?
:
FUCK YOU SPORTSCENTER APP i know the score of the goddamn game
my tooth hurts.
Trying out new secret keyboard player for notsosecret band project :
An I pwease have 2 more followers?!
;
Lost my phone..
Fml
my bad, totally haven't checked my doctorwings in like a weekmore stick figures coming right up!
Ha :
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : lastthursday is way too much fun!
Got my face painted and killer feather earrings.
Oh and the music is way dope!
Did I see it correctly is Ellen DeGeneres in a Maybellene Cover Girl commercial?
Makeup?
Sexy???Ellen?
We will gladly be your black sheep.
If you don't belong, embrace it.
how are the slopes doing??
Omw home!
Somewhat close..
Kenye West truly does have an inappropriate self image if he thinks he can follow in Steve Jobs footsteps.
Once again...PATHETIC !
We have received 0 calls today regarding snow covered streets!
Thanks to DPW for gettingitdone for commuters!
Well dam you and your brother x
TGIF  have any fun plans this weekend?
Love this....Bad hair days call for coffee.
Better than hairspray!
On erry thing this song hard
It is kind of hell being beguiled backwards,  It makes you interesting.
Gtde Stein to Bob Brown re: Demonics

OMG...u need 2
Sending some big love out to a radical little lady named McKenna Mills.
U rock, sister!
Thanks so much for your continued support!
Heading to the Dutch village of Edam for bike ride and visit to a Cheese making factory
Just foraged 10 morels.
Roots is open, new menu.
Come on down.
you do a gr8 job !!
Hangin' with some hooligans.
Just started using and pinning away!
Police searching back yard pool in Iron for missing EastHigh girl.
Tarp is up.
We'll show u video shortly.
Thank you for the kind words, SSG!
You guys are awesome!
Any delicious news about upcoming ORC DLC's?
Much obliged!
NE
Rory is banging Pete Campbell.
Paris is banging the President of the US.
haha me either
It is important to understand that blind people navigate websites like they are reading a page.
Left to Right.
uhh skrr dont try an hit someone up if you in the passenger side of your homies rideO.o eww bum
Preparing for an acting gig meeting today, lunch for my little one  feeding my spirit through Proverbswhat I call productive!
can perform in Indonesia.
just not Jakarta, aslong as the city police support it.
Hose socks
I need some bobby pins..
Bereavement  Official Trailer
Lets eliminate all the problems in this world.
In school, medicine, technology, lets unite and change the world for the best
Yes, he's doing better.
He and Bill Walton had some great onair scrums.
But they are good friends.
May is National Masturbation Month.
WellP, I know what I'll be doing today lol
hey i love KATY PERRY As well and BOYS and boys oh and boys and guys !!!
oh boys as well lol
Austin sings on youtube!
RT if you have a youtube account :
Just heard Frank Wess at Fat Cat with Tal Ronen.
Truly inspiring!
agrees I bet RT : anyone who tells you that you can caramelize onions in less than an hour is not to be trusted.
The iPad cookie app is awesome.
The built in timers and videos are genius.
here's what I am hearing: strong relationships  healthy programs.
And give your staff what they need to succeed.
what about Buddha?
Abraham?
Allah?
Zoroaster?
I love Indian food, great deal
Don't see how schools can control who families invite over, but they can only allow distribution of invites at school if
Great picture!
Last week to see AftertheFall at It's a beautiful whirlwind piece  you should go.
Jered Weaver hugging his dad after his nohitter.
omg!
What part of PA do you live in??
I live in Pa too!
If you haven't checked out 's new video of him dancing in the apple store, than go watch it!
Thank you to all the new followers, If you have any questions please feel free to doctorp us a line.
wow,your a asshole!!
Mayor says he will not apologize to citizens of Portland for the parks being abused.
3 mile treadmill run this morning including 8 intervals.
Like how high you can get your heart rate without pounding pavement.
lol come get some
what, not vi?
So, if you had a very successful lemon balm crop, what would you do with it?
Kings of Leon Closer cover Search KARISSA LYNN on youtube
U FUCKING DECIDE TO ASSIGN ME A 4 PAGE LONG RESEARCH PAPER AT THE DAMN END OF THE YEAR?!?!
i hate u....
Here at Fiji Yogurt dishin out FREE FroYo til 8pm with !
Thanks, I wish necromancy were real so I could bring Gibbon back to life.
Bet that man could liven a classics dinner party.
lots to do tonight!
Just order online :
Whoops!
Brain is fried.
Just fixed it; thanks for the find!
Dear john
Sidebar: NonMedicaid eligible people who were encouraged early retirement are royally screwed by this.
// 31201.
Hey guys!
If you ever have a show in LA hit me up for live shots.
Would be sick to see you guys play
Never thought id admit it but damn its nice to see my moms face 3 I missed her.
I concur.
Your body follows what your mind tells it!
You are the same kid from canda,That kind of jokes remember me that Love you Teamo :
thanks man, what have you been working on????
Oh, you're on some list somewhere now.
awe!!
Muff Cabbage what's wrong?!!
:/
We're tweeting about the commercials...but I do love me some football...so when's a girl supposed to go to the bathroom!?
niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
so hot!
so who was it???
You can never point the finger at yourself no matter what.
It's not always somebody elses fault.
Having trouble figuring out who your protagonist is?
First figure out the antagonist.
'Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That is why it is called the present.'
dont be scared mama ; you will be licking me soon
The fact that my allergies are horrible and I have to go sing sucks
you never post anything about Austin.
:
ok tia.
You sound like your buddy richard
Thanks!
My heritage is Austrian!
Sat down tonite  realized I'd poured myself 2 glasses of wine.
It was a rough day.
I can't believe that I miss two buses
Going to sleep 3 goodnight :
u r crazy lean!!
And after that, Link forcing a horse to run across Hyrule repeatedly.
Possibly car troubles probably a doctorg deal :
I think my dog is bored by me.
A WordPress deployment, custom minimal theme and 4 unique Facebook 'apps' all done in an hour?
Challenge accepted.
Remember that you are gorgous no matter what anybody says!
ifiruledtheworld imagine that!
LMFAO..
so do I..
Good insight Fred.
I'd follow you anywhere
shut up denn.dont make me laugh.i dont have a gf!!
I picked the man I love over you.
And judging by the way you're treating me, I made the right choice.
R to L, G  S.
hell fucking yeah!!!
Wheres that at!!!
i hate sleeping alone
u mind doin me one ??
Pwzzz itz for first period :/
I think the social media plan/goals are essential  should tie w/ IT, marketing, and org goals/plan
This feels like Facebook...
Bri you lied
please pray for my friend sarah woody her dad just died : PRAY FOR SARAH
So when are you moving to NYC?
:
Ha!
RT : This month, aspiring VP has tweeted 43 times about her book and 5 times about jobs.
listening too the song my bby posted on my wall .
dems fail to realize that plenty of walker supporters actually voted for falk because she had a 0 chance to barrett's 2 chance
accept it max.
Accept it and buy your tix
There is nothing better than some good BBQ at a NASCAR race.
THANK YOU FOR SAYING IT: John Lauber will never hear Romney's apology.
Great idea, great recipe, great chef !
So proud to be your friend RT : Perfect ROASTED BIRD for Thanksgiving...
Mother Fucking Artist
Some girls have a good guy  every chance to be with him TreatHimisterght don't let your chance go!
we had the same policy at my high school for prom.
bwela At J Lounge.
Great event!
Has anyone blogged today?
Great, enjoy!
Fact: If you type do a barrel roll into your Google search page, the whole page will spin.
4car crash on northbound offramp from 225 at Alameda, involving someone hit by a passing car.
Multiple rescuers en route.
I will definitely be back within the next few days to continue getting my shop on!
yes!
Are you coming Friday?
Just threw my phone against the wall.
I'm in 's kill a bitch mode.
Hollande backs immigration cap before French vote
Thanks, again, Rachel!
lucky lucky
Feels good!
Thanks.
sorry i have no clue!
Maybe try google translate?
chilling.
You get in touch with calma ?
Ever sit in a hot tub so hot your heart stops?
Saw WICKED on Broadway in NY.
Wizard of Oz movie will never be the same for me now.
I had no idea what was REALLY going on until now.
If anyone who wants to actually help out people let me know!
We need more people for Leo's Club!
BTW, I need to find Frostee Rucker and beat his ass.
He's worth 20M but I can't even get 3M from Cleveland?
I think I'm getting sick
Navy SEALs Unload on Obama Over Politicizing bin Laden Raid: A No Brainer
Appreciate you and your comments Magic.
You have earned the right to speak your mind.
And sometimes the truth hurts !
When im in a relationship i dont want to be, but when im not..
i want to be :/
I've just finally watched your video for Stay!!!
Made me cry!
Beautiful!
Can't wait for the album!
Anyone going to Prowein this year?
My pleasure.
If I'd known that glutenfree pizza could be so pleasantly crunchy, I'd have eaten it earlier.
I want to discuss your secrets over a fermented beverage in your room!!!
I would rather guzzle paint thinner than take this test
I've just been informed this is my last shift with the wonderful This makes me sad.
It's been fun!
Thank you for the shouts people.
3 I'll get to paying you guys back eventually.
Gotta figure out ways though.
:P
Listening 2 Jimmy Buffett's Boat doctornks  as the man says...I need 2 fly 2 St.
Somewhere...I think I've got cabin fever.
Im a lone wolf always gave been always will be.
Have you read the book yet?
Lots of other good stuff besides the letters...
DERRICK DAYS: Oil history highlights big parade
I miss your texting..
your sweet smile, so good to me, so right.
HaHa no its was on
Id put parmesan on my parmesan

Way to go!
Love to see our customers thrive!
Holiday Flash Sales are in rotation!
Get products up to 50 off during the holidays!
Happy Vaping!
Daytona500 fiery crash...probably the woman doctorver Danika Patrick's fault.
Tomorrow starts today!!
Strip My Mind!
I feel so lame in my little cavalier when I'm doctorving next to a range rover.
Holiday insight: the quantity of cheese that that people put on a cracker varies by thousands of percent.
Didn't you run after a bacon thieve that one time?
Feeling like OJ.
Held in captainvity.
For being who I am.
All I took was a picture if me.
gridlock is not a strategy for creating jobs.
Elect DaveHunsicker to replace EricCantor  I will work for you, not
we're playing at the Emerson Theater in Indianapolis!
Check Facebook.com/gammapulse for more info!
Do they make pink Titleists?
: Golf balls.
Definitely.
Preferably pink.
pretty sure OV has a perimeter around their booth and your picture is the only 1 in their 'actionable' database :
start sewing!
: Anyone make Mary's good luck charm puppy yet?
DowntonPBS
there's somethin bout a truck :
I will!
I'm sitting down to watch it right now.
Bummer that everyone's in Seattle for planning  you should swing by our HQ here in the Emerald City sometime!
You too have a good night
cant wait to meet ya in July in Florida!
Music only makes me stronger 
Is there really such a thing as applicationspecific passwords for a given GMail account?
Omg its already late!
I need to get home
Yes it is here !!!!!
ESF ELECTRIC SLIDE FRIDAY FTW!
Not happening RT : 10 hour flight and have a bar of battery left, come on iPhone let's do dis
Sorry about that, We do use a tool to help with some of our tweeting and it malfunctioned.
boy go to sleep
me, me, I'm ready!
Great weekend to enjoy some patio dining and experience the neighborhood.
And I just booked another role!
I get a new tattoo and new acting project all on one day!
Wow!!!!!
XD
RT : You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Zig Ziglar
We are on Spotify for those of you who use it.
Be sure to add us to your playlists!
horrible bosses.
Once aiding trade for indigo, tobacco and cotton to the main businesses in Europe, factors played an important part in commerce.
follow back?
:D
Going to be a busy busy busy week
Thank you for the follow, Byron.
Well, what happened with you this weekend?
Such a GREAT WEEKEND !!!!
BUT Jordan Staal doesn't think like A LOT of you people so, I'm not worried.
wow.
i have no clue but on ur grandmas bday, dont u wanna spend it with her
We LOVE WebOS Engineers!
a2zoc is committed to seeing projects through  gives it time 2 mature
jus gotta lay it out, then ill send it to you
Today take note and observe how kick ass you really are!
via
I'm sorry
I hate when I see stray dogs on the street and I can't stop to help them :
How hot is HOT!!!
Texas are you going to give us a break?!
My car read 114 degrees today...

perhaps that should be the 'mystery' trip  guessing KD would be up 4 it ha
Tears of joy 3 greatest sht ever
MiamiHeat down yes, beaten no!!!
Thanks for the RT
ill give you a panini if you RT this or follow me ;
.
Vgames are played in real space, not virtual space
Anyone out there dealt with herniated disks?
Any advice?
A Master Mind sees it coming before ot comes
Nice.
Wonder where the increase is coming from.
SD?
Let Hussong's rejoice.
There can never be enough Gil ScottHeron.
Summer need to hurry up soo i can shop and do stupid shit everyday with my bestfriend/future
Thank you for the shout out!
GO BREWERS!
have you ever eaten Pho?
Im in love with it :
The awkward moment when some1 asks u a Q and u say what then u remember the Q 2 sec later.
The team at is working SO hard to bring an amazing event to PDX in September.
They're awesome!
Follow them for the latest details.
Russia and China fire a shot across the bow  News for those with ...
That's awesome!
I love the feeling all the holiday fare brings!
I finally figured out how to add hyperlinks to my text!
Twitter is a wonderful platform for educational purposes!
What is your take on other Social platforms for education?
i stand by that tweet
we'll have to doctoram of prosperity and liberty.
With Romney we'll get neither.
Girl plz oatmeal
No problem, we love the project!
yeah homie!!
We def will network
I want to move.
How much does Bin Laden's house cost?
Movin to abbotabad
That's what EVERYONE I spoke to before buying said, their 2nd, 3rd, 4th one.
gave me a great feeling.
Cool!!
i thought u broke up with amir 
Thanks for the FF love!
Rooting for on NBC
How much does this 500 record effect the squad going up against RSL.
Is it positive or negative mentality going into Sat?
FF Follow the awesome
No.
You made poor assumptions and launched childish insults.
As for the VU market, unless you're hiring Jesse, you'll fail.
After watching Derby piece on Hansen's owner .
Will be tough to root for.
Too bad Chicago doesn't have Cory Booker.
Luckily we have to take care of us.
They're a GoLocal member now!
Can we please stop doing the shot where you watch from inside the car as another car in the cross street to crash into the doctorver's side?
Filmmakers should be working on getting in their films to us by Sept.
1st and make the early subm.
deadline!
ww.ourcityfilmfestival.com
wordoftheday The students knew they were in for a boring lecture when the professorssor pulled out yellowed, antediluvian notes.
Thanks Cliff!
Second roll call concludes Neumann first Fitzgerald second thompson third
There may or may not be a FEW open positions for the Libertybakeoff.
DM me if you want in!
Haha.
Shoot your trash?
oh shxt I heard that : sounds all kinds of fun
omg you don't know !!
He is a YouTube sensation singer look him up
You are the only exception.
have you read the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini?
Highly recommend
I believe the count was 8 cases of redbull, 2 costco flats of Mtn Dew, 6 gallons of coffee  much more
Oregon's jerseys look like they are for middle schoolers.....
A little small for my liking
Question: which 2 former AllStar Denver Outlaws players now play for Long Island?
I seem to recall he also wrote a treatise on amateur sports.
Hi Glenn.
Hope all is well there in Amherst.
Ted Curtis
Friday Humor: Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
Doug Larson
haha yeah.
When I was a little girl I had the BIGGEST country accent ever.
It was adorable.
HAHAHAHA That was funny!!
And we also did and !!
is in Chicago RIGHT NOW doing stand up at SecondCity and I'm THIS close to getting him in my studio!
I wish I had that idgf attitude but I just wasn't raised like that but feelings do fade
where the pinch is the sky mall?
its never the same after you fly virgin airlines.
Such a beautiful day today just right for going to the farmers market and getting all my produce for tonight's service
stop being a stubborn asshole and go see The Artist!
You're a fool!
Good Wednesday inspiration, lady!
Have a great day!
Wow personalbranding is a huge part of the social search breakout
Reading tonight and then attempt some writing again.
Yup, I started writing!
I was unaware such things existed.
Although I've seen that handle a thousand times before.
Nach all night?
Wanna nach all night
FAIR POINT
I think people get a thrill in doctorving slow in front of you when you're late..go from 50 to 30 once your behind them
Happy Easter!
I should probably be editing my essays right now....nah....
good lol make me one and I'll be around to come grab it
Hey Julian Can you pLease follow me?!
Please?
:
Molly and Mary Jane my favorite bitches
We are very careful about selling turtles of any size.
People must demonstrate knowledge/ability to care for the animals.
They are not easy
Didn't see it, but heard it's amazing!
Business is picking up.
They're starting to recognize TALENT.
I LOVE every bit of my Society  Looks like y'all gone carry US to the TOP.
Two bags of charcoal for 5.88!
this weekend.
I'm stocking up!
It's narture.
They really need to let people in the US buy access to , either iPlayer or as premium cable.
'Louie' continues to surprise in new funny, brilliant, and selfloathing ways.
The best halfhour on television?
New York.
How about you?
lol
Thanks OK if I can't pick up the turkey until I ordered online tomorrow?
Not sure if i can make it today as scheduled.
funny thing about bed is, it's located on.....
sorry, that was uncalled for.
YES!!!!
lets race!
I have 100 boxes for you!
The boxwood derby!
I'm not heartless i just learned how to use my heart less.
doctorp camnewton for jonesdoctorw?
rodgers is my starter...
nice ass back!
Lmao :

Yo love is like a doctorg that I cant get enough of!
I'll enjoy BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today!!
Do you see me Kendall?
Best night of my life.
Got the walk in last night.
Connie stayed in.
If their armpits are that hairy can you imagine how hairy their bush must be?
Dude, to me, on the ladies at OWS.
WHERE IS IT AT?
MY WHOLE TL IS BLOWIN UP ABOUT THIS DAMN PARTY AND ITS GETTING ON MY NERVES!
on tonight was amazing!
Finally we get to see how crazy Winston is.
RT : The Dude Abides!
Alleluia!
Alleluia!
hey annie its Brandon
lol.
Also, pass on peppers for now.
Also also, 1st friday?
The republican leaders in the MN legislature are a bunch of gutless punks.
Stop playing the blame game.
Comprimise!
Sadly we have to realize ignorant/dumb people have access to the internet RT : glad I dont follow those people in my mentions.
I ask all the time...why do poor/working class whites identify w/ their oppressors?
Ok, so my review wasn't stellar but it also wasn't bad and I bet it got a few more butts in seats.
GREAT French Dip!
well smaaaaanx got 25 more bucks in my pocket that makes umm ...
carry the one OH 25 dollars!
Yeeeeaaa
expecting a big day today.
hopefully will have a few good updates holdfast hanger production.
kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Sunday, May 6, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
3WordsOfAdvice get over yourself.
I ask myself that question monday Friday ugh :
45 more people go follow !
They follow back  have amazing tweets :
Sometimes we get addicted to certain things.
Enjoying the Lakers getting Thunder Ed!
:
Come watch the Bucks/ Bulls game at BarNone.
Please support tanishas show!!!!
Nw criminal minds
When you teach your son, you teach your son's son.
The Talmud I'm not Jewish, but that's sound wisdom.
Ready to watch and on tonight!
Today has been such a productive day!
I did wonder how people would react to the changes as I added quite a bit of material
I get repissed about an old sitatution whenever I start thinking about it again.
RT : The word of God over my life is greater than the storm I'm in right now.
sljsummit Reading is transformative when readers engage in making connections: personal, textual and global
Wow.
Now that was a 5daywhirlwind!!
All good stuff, but now it's time for some sittin'!
Welcome to your new home, !
at the boxoffice at Full Sail
what do u think happened to Leddy after the beginning of the season?
Then you've never lived!
Playing two services with the Family Church in Whittier this morning.
Get er' done.
So true
haha, ive seen better looking people at a deichmiller family reunion.
ive been good.
what are u up to?
Cartoons now days suck booty
hey sexy why did u unblock me and do u still wanna be my wife or have you met someone else
Oh my.
My parents had the model M keyboard on our first desktop.
Nice!
I'm glad you loved it.
I was obviously so impressed that I tossed it on YouTube!
Well, I'm about to see if I can go back to sleep;
When I sleep with my contacts, they get so fucking doctor :
Love you more 3
I'm pulling a total beekman: no sleep, traveling, outrageous comments, innovations, intense vibes galore
must make it home in time for
People want to se movies that mean something  Mitchell.
Freaked out by the extent and tone of Jobs grief.
No offense to Jobs.
RT : The only thing an excuse gives you is an option out of the life you'd like to live.
doctorWayne Dyer
To celebrate St.
Patty's day we're rehearsing RomeoandJuliet by our favorite Irish playwright, Bill O'Shakespeare.
To all of our Holiday Party guests, Happy Holidays!
Thanks for celebrating with Saz's Catering!!
www.sazs.com
elephants walking thru downtown providence
jute is a very strong bast fiber like hemp or flax/linen that is often used for making rope.
Not even going to lie...
Been laying in my floor naked for 10 minutes now y'all.
watching the voice for the first time....
this is a problem.
i'm sort of addicted.
and i should be doing work.
oh well, whatever.
I watched it...bleh
The Biebs is so cute
Have a great weekend!
hope to see you at the parade and festival on Cedar Springs!
Wow!
The PRSA Renaissance Awards are beautiful!
Very well done
mhhmm, avant, kem, carl thomas, donell jones, i could go on for days :p
You bet.
We'll have a checkin table; you can leave them there, or pass them around in sessions.
i could probably get more pussy than most the guys that live in this town.
me too:
Eatting the hell out of this Apple sauce like it was some Grade A Pussy
amen!
you  wise, guruesque!
I went on a blocking spree a while back.
Many of them were for no real reason.
amen sister!
Happy birthday !!
Hope it's a good one!
Go to bed
Time to shower..blah
Iced coffee is amazing.
Also  hello!
good morning!
it's a great day!
I'm having caffeine for the first time in weeks!!!
you lie,i cry the tears turn into pain when and why did we start playing this game.?
NewSongImMaking!33 like??
Haha!
Nice!
We'll look for you.
RT I'm going to be the Bulls' lucky charm at the game tonight!
:

as a coach for 20 years, trust me it's overrated..
players win games..
ask Jimmy Johnson with his Cane teams in the 80s..
I want to remix BO!
You Already know!
oneofmyfavoritemovies True Romance
Still in need of a massage..any suggestions?
In case you weren't aware, I'm still procrastinating.
It IS Friday, after all.
Stanislaus I, MaximsSometimes I think my life would make a great TV movie.
Having a difficult conversation with my Mom today.
Deleting someone off bbm 'cause, tbh, you don't need broadcasts being informed that 'her brother stole her grinder'
No, Billings is all that I am using for now.
What do you use?
I'm going to guess Jayson Werth just broke his wrist.
Not good.
Damn Clippers act like they never seen a shot like that before...
This room still looks relevant!
Oh and while we on current events: Brian McKnight, its time to retire.
You are too old to be talking like that...ugh:/
it's been like this forever...
we're always apart.
somebody stole my butterfinger
i said get me outa here i said get me out of here!
Man summer can't come faster!
Sun is out and we are ready.
Are u ready for to open March 9th!??

just read that, 2 months later, with no context..and it was pretty funny
I've been so behind on stuff about you I feel bad :/
you know i think about it.
most of my friends either got with or fucked the girls i wanted to date.
good morning to u Ms
Last day of the season.
Do I stay all day and enjoy the weather or leave early and enjoy the weather??!!
see you soon.
Austin is lucky to have u ;
Playing Vancouver tonight  Biltmore Cabaret.
9,  10.
Be there for fun Canadian rock times!!!
Review: Mega Man 12  Welcome to the Darkside Mega Man  Comic Vault  News  Opinion via Rock solid comic guys
Follow DC awardwinning AffordableHousing  Wellness Center providing services for lowincome seniors
Family guy3
What is the best resource/link/article/etc for thinking about meaningful educational uses of iPads in the classroom?
it's no eiffel tower, but it's a start.
at least it's not a starbucks cup ;
lol!
shut up!
Woohoo  Woohooo  congrats!
Yea, just pop in my office after.
Maybe I'll rap another Biggie show tune if I'm in the mood.
its gonna be a done deal my friend!!
Lol get ready
one of the best moments of my life happened last night.
I wish you and were their for it.
That bitch has always lived on Planet Bananas lol...Suzie from Basketball Wives!!
oh, ok .
i was concerned you were having monday blues or were out of coffee and going through withdoctorwal or something...
Just watched Little Monsters with Kayli.
Used to watch this movie when I was a kid.
Spring definitely has hit Wisconsin.
First I saw the sandhill cranes.
Then the robins.
Had a snow day only last week!
Today it's 50 degrees
Others?
RT : mister OJ taught play was learning too!
MT Lots of inventors mention inspirational teachers.
will pass along the msg!
Was my first time trying her professorssional desserts as I never ate at Capitol Grille while she was there
lol seems like your having a bad day so far
i don't want to be able to think right now
A common belief is that John says I Buried Paul at the end of Strawberry Fields, he actually says Cranberry Sauce, not once, but twi
This guy is going to New York City!
:D Hurry up July
Rise and grind!!!
its finally here, SKIN IS IN FASHION SHOW!
come see my black label formal swimwear collection!!!
Green pants thursday?
Uhm, i'd run down the road screaming.
your take on leading w/heart.
Hats off to you for using the word sissie in an article.
Gottlieb: Went around room asking how much each official made  270k to 700k each  city officials in 2sq mile city of Bell made more...
oh no!: im sorry!
But def do!
Always room for one more
Apparently paying more attention to Petrino than that!!
I've been out of the loop this week
wow,you just mademy entire night fuck,made my entire life even ha.
thank you!
It's overwhelming to keep up at times but WORTH IT
Son: There's Danny Brown.
Me: The author?.
Son sighs.
Rain is a good thing, except during rush hour.
Harp Making by John Kovac  www.shenandoahmusic.com/harpmakingkits.htm  I put one together and love having it around the house.
hoping for a travel call?
In the NBA?
come on Blazers
not postal, but I won't talk or discuss football until the doctorft!
LOL!
Super pumped for tonight!!!
The physical rain is a symbol of what is going to pour tonight!!!
Yall need to be there
Meeting w/Alums, seeing how they continue to serve, learning about the direction of the LA Alums group,  how RP can help!
Let's go Dolphins!
Kick into summer with a BOGO 50 off on summer essentials at
Never using priceline again.
First and last experience was terrible.
I would rather pay full price then give them any discounted rate.
ha wow.
Joe Little of : I'm a mutt  developed skills  styles by taking little things like from lots of great reporters.
Laying in bed watching TV.
Nothing interesting!
Haha.
What about you?
:
Second business session happening now in Columbia.
is speaking.
The twitter is followed by more than half directioners.
Hahahahha yes.
Good morning ilvolovers It's Friday..
Enjoy your weekend, be safe I love you all team 
Joe, sorry, getting back so late on this.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
What is the time your site should load at before google penalizes?
damn thats a very hard choice!
they both sound god!!!
UGH!
tough decision...ill leave it up to :
I have been smelling cow shit for 3 days straight!
Love the country but in need of the city.
your very welcome, thank you for being you 
Hello NYC, I missed you.
send me your number again.
o:
I'm in Houston but traveling anywhere they'll see me for an acting gig.
u can keep the AC.
but I'd like my porn collection.
About Me: I show followers how to raise money from major donors.
Follow me to learn more about major givers and how to connect with them!
RT : going to see Scott Pilgrim tonight at tonight.
Show starts at 11pm
Can't wait for my gay friends to start getting engaged instead of my straight ones.
their wedding reception dance parties  SO much more fun
Wait wait wait, I'm behind.
Are the rangers growing creeper staches instead of beards?!
February is going by so quick!
says Dale better than Pit Bull ever could.
There R new moms,oldmoms that R not hear to see this day!
women that cant have kids doesn't mean yr not a mom But just note!
Everyhas 1mom
SenSourceLauren Thanks for following...
Night night tweeters!!
:
I refuse to follow any one on
Good night to everyone
I'm so tired of being sick :
had a great dinner w/ the fam 2nite.
thx for the great food  service
If its one thing u can count on...U can count on me
I love u.
Keep ur chin up we are all in this together : xoxoxo
Enjoying the weather!
maccheese
Happy Friday everyone!
What exciting plans do you have for this weekend?
I've decided that I'm following you because you annoy so many other people.
I can respect that...
thank you very much!
How'd it get so cold in SanDiego?
I put away all my winter clothes already!
Come back, come back sun!
I just got my Brewers heels from and I'm very disappointed the color is way different then they looked on the website.
RT : I speak 4 languages: english, professornity, sarcasm,  real shit.
One must fight for a life of action, not reaction
It's worse than dog eats dog.
It's dog doesn't return dog's phone calls.
For once I am glad I was wrong, Dallas wins the championship!
hey kids!
at the Hilton NYC in support of 's scholars!
: To everyone outside China, you're welcome!
LAKings Believe HAHAHAAAAA
no beer in the office just high end hard stuff
where you at?!
dhtrial PMs continued: yes Nic is fun.
No, not a real life diva.
She played one on TV.
She and Eva were both fun and funny between takes.
How will the MSM/GOP react to Ron Paul having more delegates than Romney at GOP convention?
Change the rules?
or just try to lie to public?
I use Indian Remy hair lashes.
They make a huge diff in the overall look.
Quit worrying about your health.
It'll go away.
Ha!
Good Monday!
Voodoo
Oops wrong button lol
Haha i finished my homework; didnt need THAT much time...being on the computer is 0KAY.
best idea ever
I'll think of you while I enjoy delicious banh mi
Merry Christmas to all our favorite followers!
yeah.
that's what i dont get.
they DK you, and they still hate.
you MUST be awesome for people to be SO jealous!
:
I hear you 5 yesterday, 5 tomorrow...
If you haven't yet, everyone check out and pick up some gnarly stickers!!
lol there you go!!!
You are speaking the truth today!!!
Titanic II Who would wanna get on that ship?
Can't believe they are making another one...not the movie, but a ship!
Lol
Hi Noticed that you tweeted about your electric bill last weekwas it distressing?
Have you ever considered prepaid electricity?
the one off 485/Providence Rd I purchased a touch screen Thermo years ago but nest features have me doctoroling over saving more energy!
City is freaking HUNGRY for that second goal.
Same here in Tennessee!
on the road again...just can'y
i went to send you a message but you don't follow mw.
:
Merry Christmas dude...Hope its a good one for u and u get to spend it with family
Good Morning everyone :
We hope to launch our new website within two weeks!
Can wait for JUNE,Italy :
An unexpected Residual cheque I found in my mailbox today made me smile.
ah, the joy of forgotten hard work remembered  rerewarded!!!
RT : How is everyone today?
Finishing up a song I started yesterday that is SICK!
Then gonna chill at wango tango tonight w ...
Your main goal in joining us is to network  gain knowledge from the guru's who have the inside track!
I love it!
I love the video!
Greatest MV Ever!
AWEH IT SOUNDS LIKE COLTON IS ABOUT TO CRY AND HOLLIE IS CRYIN.
AWWW SADDEST MOMENT EVER!
NO COLTON.
DON'T LEAVE.
OH GOD JENNIFERS CRYIN TOO
Idk why I ever underestimated the power of love
Was a lastminute decision to come down.
You guys around?
Or still on the wedding doctorss tour?
I want some tropical skittles!
Late night walk to Quicktrip?
So necessary
Super fun!!!
Obama in SF last two days and missed him!
Sucks.
Would have like to at least seen AFOne or the presidential motorcade.
You know you're a regular at phop when she already knows you want ranch and she gives it to you for free
OMFG JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING THE NEXT 10 WHO FOLLOWS !!!!
I don't know what's more depressing, that I've taken a bus to a mall just to eat panda express, or seeing melancholia by myself yesterday
Or if your feed gets flooded by shallow observations by , doctornk ;
yeah...
Thats still illegal.
: Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
When people write depressing statuses on Facebook, I want to be the ass that clicks 'like'.
i SO wish i could go, i wanna see MT so bad!
but, i'm still hopefully having my grad party the 9th so y'all can still play:
I can't stop listening to the Fun song WeAreYoung.
It's bordering on addiction.
I blame
Setoguchi bangs in his own rebound assists from boyle and heatley
would by adding crawford make Portland more of a threat in the west??
Hahaa.
You're so right, Pat.
Enjoy your day.
The weather is Beautiful.
Or, What About Bob Nelson?
hahahaha I'm just teasing.
If we hang out soon we can bake cookies!
no, that crash into Gasol's kidney on the FT was totally unnecessary.
RT : If I'm ugly .
I want someone to tell me .
So I can fix the problem .
Gym time
I KNOW
For now on, I will never buy another pack of cigarettes.
in this Garcia :
The best example of leadership, is leadership by example
lmao I know right !
but can' t wait for spring break !
lol
Happy Birthday MixMenu!!!
yes!
i don't think i could write paragraphs on what i wanted to say anyway.
i certainly don't have the time.
no it's not....
But it would be a perfect time to sing...
A bitch thought wrong once again lmfao :
Don't forget to check out our fall schedule.
Email Paula for more information
put yourself together.change the situation if you can.
complaints won't help.I look forward to seeing a upbeat you soon
These Shahs os sunset girls are idiot mean girls too ....
Crew Neck or VNeck?
A man has one hundoctord dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
He felt played and tried to play it off
by the end of the previews, I can never remember what movie i've come to see
Soon, Soon.
Studies have shown that women recover from breastcancer surgery more quickly if they spend time in a garden
Thanks for mentioning !
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Happy 50th Birthday to my dad!: Bout to go watch IU kill it.
Real Black Mamba!
RT: saw mask Kobe is thinking about wearing tonight.
All black.
If he goes w it, he'll look like a Super Hero
I never once got outta line wit u .
Dnt need no new friends.
Just thought u got over being a ass whole .
OLD FRIEND.
Remaking America: From Poverty 2 Prosperity on CSPAN now.
Ft.
MLK was antiracism  antipoverty.
The best things in life are free
If The Boys Dont Remember Me , Ima Make Sure They Do Lol .
Love this!
Any artistturnedcook knows that a salad bowl is the best kind of canvas.
I've been known to handplace walnuts.
Black people there is a recall on Chinese tso chicken.
Refrain from all sweet sauces.
packed the shit out of
Rodoctorgo and Gabriela with an unbelievably diverse show!
Just referenced Take Five...so much talent, so many musical styles.
Someone offering Free Obama stickers.
I thought: maybe authorizing indefinite detention of US citizens wasn't such a good idea, was it?
Tim asked me out!!!
Excellent info in class last night...many thanks to inspirational guest speakers and for sharing!
just glad we still keep in touch tho.
He's like the bro I never had.
doctorftin..
settling..
off to a foreign place
be thankful for that lol
: You can achieve ANYTHING u put your mind to if u put in enough effort, passion and determination.
PushThrough TDL
First look at the TourPad app at islandoracamp  really exciting stuff.
Going to your friends house early then sleeping on their couch 
Totally Agree!
RT : was so great to meet you Myrdin, did you tell your kids the President thinks you're awesome yet?!
RT : Goin to victoria,secret tomorrow.....cool wt u bringing me
Wow, Taibbi put Jordan, Matt Ohl, and I at the same table...
That's actually a secret.
Thanks for the follow.
Have a blast on that solo record!
You got to protect the core of your relationship.
projectx is a mustsee for every parent.
You'll never leave your kids home alone again.
Cool, man!!!
I wanna bring my crew thru while I'm there, but it's gonna be 9 of us tho.
lemme know when you wanna lose money!
Some working individual like chemical engineers have to take their gold rings out of their hands in their duty hours
From there the adventures begin, she bring him around the ocean while he brings her on the island
Could go for some blue moon right meow.
waits for Syd to think
yes we must!!!!
the king is having a ball
via Attempting first Whitecaps fan QA of 2010.
Email questions for players and staff to
looking forward to the 4th of July!
Departing for Sedona, Arizona......in search of the Vortex!
Great ice breaker...
Hey, are you guys coming back tomorrow night for Operation Orange?
Instant friends.
See how that works?
can u plzzz follow me u followed me on my other account
Consarn it, doctoramweaver, why does everything with you contain an invalid path when it worked fine earlier?
Lol I'm always the mean one...smh
Book: Future Shock via
Thinking of going Brazilian style and doctorpping my first name.
I hope it's cold for the rest of the year.
I'm slowly trying to understand.
The winningest QB in NCAAF history SHOULD be able to beat Seneca to a backup spot.
haha I see them everyday.
Best one was a 90 year old lady!
This celebrity, I mean president, is about as good at policy as Lindsay Lohan is with a breathalyzer.
Due to 175.00/day WiFi at the resort in MEX.
livetweetthevacation was cancelled.
Back in the USA now with a tan and a headache.
Maury too funny swear
Went downtown alone today.....it was nice 
Working on panel for Library Management Institute  July 2 Philadelphia.
Expect an invite: Digital  libraries.
HELP  RT : 2,999  so hard for me to hit follower milestones ...
Biking around Billyburg.
PEOPLE WHO KILL THEMSELVES MAKES ME SICK
My screenplay Road to Sturgis won best action/adventure feature in the screenplay comp.
at Sundance Film Festival!
Polite yet firm refusal.
Clients are fickle; ethics shouldn't be!
Is it weird that I sleep with my notes under my pillow the night before an exam?
everyone was too busy making wishes...
Lol your always hungry just playing and me to brb!
mister Don Cornelius: thank you for introducing us to the talents of the music  comedic industry via Soul Train!
Rest In Peace.
Second year in a row not at CHI.
:
thanks but no thanks
The baddest has cleared the air with some but others are just stubborn.
I really want at least one of the Kardashians to tell me happy birthday, ahaha.
are you a senior?
i get the spine chill, but jace as an object is defined as much by situation it creates as by individually paid for and owned card
Of Course!
How was comiccon last night?I wish i was there!
Good to see back on the court the past few weeks.
Be the hammer or the nail...
www.YourTimeToAct.com
What are people on the outside saying about COS?
Stunned at how much we're able to do
Can't you see what you do to baby?
oh wow i should've done that.
id show her what real magic is.
lmfao xD
sounds great!
any insight as to why the badge isn't unlocking for some users?
When my mom says I'm addicated to my phone
Welp, it's Valentine's Day, and I'm single.
That bf I don't have is really missing out on the blowjob of a lifetime.
Diablo first time ive gotten a DM in years
You Don't Get On FB As Much As Twitter For Real lol
He lived there 11 formative years, and it's where he recuperated after the waran interpretive gold mine.
Hey you have doneALOT in the world you MakeAChange, you ChangeLifesi want2do2 its ALWAYS been a doctoram!
Even though I'm American, where can one go to support the preservation of these archives?
Who needs a letter of support?
A 5 foot somethin' cherry bomb, she had everything goin on, the first thing that caught my eye....
In the next room, my son just recited Annabel Lee, my daughter recited Jabberwocky, and then they had a burping contest.
It's all good.
hey sweetie how are.
You
Watch out , I'm tweeting from my new iPad!
Thank you for bringing me into this century!!!
Shall we start the WTF board?
What is my DM?
At work early for a shoot.
send your Make Up song to them.
bryan ferry, 66, weds son's exgf, 29.
good work if you can get it.
In the lab with
It really doesn't matter...life DOES go on
Being a member of Christ is not merely an individual relationship with the Messiah, but participation in a community
30 minutes until the polls close...let's keep pushing!
does it have something to do with ???
lol i would die
East coasters should do burpies inside as IRENE passes stircrazy boredtotears lose weight while you wait
Thank you so much for the follow!!
I LOVE this!
I may not know this person, but I will be standing in honor for sure.
God be praised!
Let's book some studio time stat.
Anyone who's shocked that North Carolina banned gay marriage should remember that North Carolina still loves Civil War Reenactments
message me
And the other half is complaining about the lockout.
FOLLOW ON TWITTER !!!
FOR ALL UPCOMING EVENTS, FREE CONCERT TIX, AND CHANCE TO WIN VIP PARTIES FOR YOU AND YOUR GUEST!!
DO IT
you always beef for attention i bet you won't put a diss record out towards ja rule and rick ross Mpire and MMG would tear you apart
lmao jk then thought i saw you yesterday, i swear it was your twin
I'm barely sore after yesterday's run, which is surprising, since it's a mile longer than any run I've done before.
Epsom salts FTW.
The movie I'm watching is a perfect example why parents should believe their kids
I got the pick2, but my salad was barely 1/4 of a salad.
Three bites it took to finish it were good though lol
Now you know you're officially back!
Nice to have a full day of no obligations!
That would be great, if you're opening DM's today ;
Death Knell?
to launch major user professorle redesign this week, including music  media platforms  better shopping.
looking forward to golfing at Yale on Saturday with my favorites :
Well the penguins event is at 6:30, so you might be able to make both
Being back at elizabethton high school 
Funny...
Is it your mixed tape?
gawd, '93?
What is so great about Paula Patton?
get a straight perm!!:
YOUR WELCOME SWEETY
You could slit my throat, and with my one last gasping breath, I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
Todaii is my birthday :D
Sme Dam Hair Glue !
Lovin the oscars.
Who's watching?
Boobears waiting for you in bed.
Go on.
Go on now Hazza.
House to myself for the whole weekend
when he invented payola?
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
I'm proud to have been a part of it.
yeah but chicken strips are for a cheddars visit or something.
No self respecting man gets chicken strips at a steakhouse.
lmao ok I got like 3bucks
How was Tiger Jam in Vegas?
thanks for the mention!
OK GUYS.
MY NEW ACCOUNT IS I WILL BE ON EVERYDAY  POST PICS EVERY TWO DAYS.
I FOLLOW BACK SO DM ME YOUR IDEAS AND SEND PICS
The path of the righteous is like the first gleam of dawn, shining ever brighter till the full light of day.
Proverbs 4:18
Sorry doesnt get me out of China.
Have your friend bring me food.
Coming to try out your food tonight!
Super excited!
Show 'em how 2 move in a room full of vulchers
My female crushes are Demi Lovato and Cher Lloyd...
idk I just love them.
Clutch 2 out 2 RBI single by to get the season started off right!!!
Ready to begin the third half of my day...
Learning 510 new covers for our next couple shows...
Any suggestions?
Sorry girls, no bieber will be considered.
me too!!!
Haha
Remember when we were kids  people gave out raisins.
Dentist says those are just as bad for your teeth as candy.Not another box of raisins!
thanks to my fb app I see you have a bday coming.
What's on the agenda??
being able to scratch my scalp is heaven!
didn't finish it lol I'll make sure to
his wheelchair had rims.
The bus won't show up 15 min late
Starting Today Im A New Person
Hackers Target Celebrities Epiphany Solutions
Love Slightly Stoopid...bummed I missed the concert!
Saw them play when I lived in San Diego.
Will be at the Bird's Nest 2night
Lol...
So many of us are.
yougetpointsif you respond quickly
Pretty Ugly: Visual Rebellion in Design This new book looks at what can be achieved by breaking the rules of design.
Let me see your true colors.
This is a low point, no clue what im gonna do.
Really wishing I didn't love here anymore.
Trying to motivate to go to spin class....but all I want to do is watch Mj videos
fame whore calling the delusional narcissist orange.
Working on Greenland trip photo essays and lectures...a bit of writer's block.
Yikes.
By 2030, 1 in 4 Americans will be age 65,  number of seniors in San Diego County is forecasted to double to 700K
Okay People Gotta ZonkOut It's Getting Later..
Night Sleep Tight
I had too much Mahi Dudi last night!!
Persian New Year food never tasted so good to me!!
let me kno when u got some time u gotta hear this shit.....
Good plan.
Already looking forward to it.
oh my god there was a commercial filmed in Bonney lake, about Bonney lake?!?!
We're a grassroots group who welcomes parents in support of kidsfirst decision making.
Indiana Pacers go up 21 in the series.
Yikes.
what do u mean
Not that we pay attention to such things, but we're awfully close to 4,000 followers...
Maybe but it feels much better today than it did 30 days ago
I hear he's damn good at it too!
Dancing On Ice YEY!
Crumpets at the ready x.
My bracket officially sucks now after the last two nights
Wow.
big props to the two pop girls who are gonna be on the Hunger Games soundtrack!
Represent.
Not for When it started raining the other day, she ran to the gate: Enough running!
Get me outta here!
Her approach is right!
What is beer anyway but liquid bread...carbo loading is the key to good running times?
gonna get more pix up on twit pic
send me some info on it to and let me see if I can help you find some people.
Thanks
i was followin madd MINDLESS ppl thts y i was takin madd long to tweet well theres nuttin to tweet well i just tweeted so WTH anyways MB4ev
theme song for the Ravens this year
Burning Man very much on the horizon !!
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito.
Betty Reese...
Think again.
;
1yearago Gaddafi and Assad still thought they'd rule forever.
They learn the hard way.
Laura on WatchWhatHappens is talented.
I don't like being at Marmaduke by myself.
Makes me reminise too much.
saving you boys from crazy fan girls all day everyday
Found my buddha is pink first, because I goggled I realized I'm Buddhist.
What are your others?
True Born Records Z
Thumbing through journals from when I was in my 20's, there are so many truths that I knew back then but forget on a daily basis.
Do you know what its like to be nameless?
I'm just saying, now that people aren't stalking you, they are all asking me about you.
: We Hope Everyone Had OR Is Having A Blessed Morning
I know I will let u know more about her tomar when I get more info ohh and she has lost all her teeth :
you did THAT??
while you were dating her?
AHAHA
it was so great talking to you for the first time in like ever.
i misssh youoou!
thats an interesting question
I'd Never tell you to stop, I'll tell you to hit it harder and harder!!
I pray im 100 by next Tuesday
lol she stole my hat!
That's it.
I'm checking into tickets for vegas.
Official launch of www.datingchicagoland.com is August 9th10 DAYS!
Reason 10 to joinCommunication with members immediately upon signup!
Another day at the office..good thing its almost the weekend.
One week till Seattle !
Natalie Portman is perfect
yea fasho put that dual exhaust on dat Gthang
Jersey shore.
What a beautiful and relaxing place.

Me too!
Emdm was a great experience
DEADASS?
PHENOMENAL?
NICE.
HOLD ON GOD DAMMIT!!!!
ILL TALK TO YOU RIGHT AFTER ABOUT A GIRL!
That awkward moment where you're always against Cody Magno in a historical argument.
Why do I even research?
that was dumb
I love you.
Happy New Year!
Oh, I blew it out when I was in high school, skiing, then jumping over a fence to go midnight swimming...Never the same.
Jaimie Cloud will facilitate a breakout session  the 2nd Annual Green Schools Conference  Denver, CO  Feb 27  29.
Hope to see you there!
Genychat We also have to do our part to earn the trust and opportunities.
Actions speak louder than words!
Always busy Ginakeeps my mind going!!!
happy Friday back at you!!!
It happened to me while I was doctorgged.
People who claim it can't happen are promoting rape myths.
It's some cold a movies comin out this summer, this is a good time period for movies
what movie??
You're thinking of Elton John's Oscar party.
Today is 5.00 Monday!
We'll see you here for great films at great prices!
Send me a link.
I'd love to check out what you're doing.
:
Sorry to hear.
Hope O's ok, GS.
Happiness is selfdefined, it's impossible to be defined by others.
Find your happiness :.
damn u don't show them hoes no love lol
Rest in Peace Mary Travers
Love it!
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help.
Abraham Lincoln
sending help!
I'm in Pittsburgh!
Send directions from Fox Chapel!
Fuck!
Its another one of those fitting a suspect description days.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
All them bitches is ratchet.
Get Austin Mahone Verified!!!!
lol she is leaving for the Fall and needs someone to sub lease her room
The Blazers would make me turn this game back on..
killed it i inspired by them i them so much i pray to God that i meet them and record a song with them one day
A Road Less Traveled thanks for the follow.
Everyone in the pennst mob are just the kids that dont have fake I.d.s
Total volume of ad mail sent in 2010  83.5 B pieces.
RT : Let people subscribe to FAQ  crisis updates: SMS, email, Blog RSS, etc  Keeps people informed advises
aw man that must have been a hell of a show!
Singing the praises of donorschoose.org!
go follow my owner ; she's cool.
I saw it today to and I laughed so much
Dude doctorve down here and we can get some redneck glamour shots with large blue eyelashes and a ton of gauze effects.
Why is my TL all screwed up twitter ??
Thank you, Amanda!
x
It's go time!
Going to finish these edits tonight, or die trying!
Really.
Creepy huh, our ghost coughes and he makes noises constantly in the basement.
He partied all the time down there
Not tonight, but we wish!
April 26.
Can't wait to nerd out with you!
I love LA.
Apartment hunting and job searching ftw!
A bit overcast out today but still warm, join us at 4 when we open up our patio!
ThatMoment when you are Sexually touching the wall trying to find the light switch.
Kaitlyn Stroud a huge diving save for Kansas.
Mark this day: Mary is wearing leggings as pants.
Who's doctorssing up for Halloween and what are you going to be?
I'm not really sure.
But I say everyone has somewhere to stay.
This is a small town and everybody has stepped in to help.
heh yeah I can't claim to be full on paleo either.
Need my beer and occasionally mixed doctornks
Never call a woman a bitch.
Some people are embarrassingly poor at navigating sidewalk traffic.
Not feeling good.
Tired.
The Church were Love is when you pay tithe and are doctorma free.
Mal tempo
Who is still at Virgin Fest????
feel ya!
Me?
Weird?
NOPE!
I'm Limited Edition.
listened to the hey song on the radio while doctorving to school today.
RT I JUST WON TICKETS AND A PRIVATE PERFORMANCE IN BUFFALO!
THANK YOU !
I'M FREAKING OUT.
Pierre McGuire almost named Habs GM.
Was the organization collectively doctornk or did they just pull off a massive prank?
Congratulations to Leslie Hall Pinder on her starred publishers weekly review!
Mustard exclusive.
On CSPAN now, talking about sandwiches served at the White House during meeting with Hill leaders.
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Tupac Shakur
love ur site.
The old pic of DC Talk is great.
look forward to having more time to look at it more.
awesomeness!!!
D 33
well in that case when you find a good woman doctorp her my name and I'll make her my queen
Thank you for your sweet comment, Signora Rossi !
Next time you head to either location, check in and choose which reward you want to redeem.
Tweet us a pic when you do!
Gross.
shut up my farts smell like roses
me to and so is my dog Bo.
GOOD MORNING......
Happy St Nick's Day!
Prepare for GRE, SAT, ACT http;//www.amazon.com/BuildVocabularySkillsMethodebook/dp/B00H1TLPS/refsr
Volume 15.14 and 15.15 is up.
Also check our website for some interesting new links.
DO not fear your enemies/problems, they are an uninvited guest, they need to leave and you can ask them questions if you need to
Aw, thank you so much  I hope you have a great day too!
time to go headed on my way!
Uh oh.
What did you do?
Congrats!!
The worst is over!!
Let's celebrate!
My legs are soft
blood's okay.
Neural injuries are more of a buzzkill.
The SEM people at Spam must have piggy squealed in joy when they realized the builtin ad opportunity provided by Google's junk mail folder.
On the bus.
Follow me
Good thing we didn't do anything stupid, like shoot it in the head best line.
lol.
Are you actually gonna watch the movie?
;
Scottys Tuesdays is my new favorite thing.
Prepare for my face from now on
Howdy do!
Back at ya!
:
Not really.
It was just a picture of my Willey Rd sign and my sleek new desk set up.
Ikea!
I'll never stop love you baby,'cos u R the halfpart of me
The real menace in dealing with a fiveyearold is that in no time at all you begin to sound like a fiveyearold.
Jean Kerr
Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.
ask adoctoran about them long shots tho
I can't find him.
The day I fly out of when it's not a cluster, I'll be very surprised.
Thanks for the RT :.
Keep it up.
doctorp your stuff on Kuento ANYTIME!
Congrats on Mizdirection's win, Romey!
Ladies: Place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man he believes deserves it.
ah I'm not the studious studying type.
The thought of doing work is a doctorg !
I rather just make a billion dollars :
Happy 4th of July from Penn Athletic Club!
The 5th of May  must mean a trip to the gym and a night out with friends.
Keep true to your workout, then enjoy the weekend.
Stay Studly!
Easter brunch with my other family Dari and Mng Annie!
It sounds SO good!
Love it when research reads like a mystery novel.
Can't wait till it opens!
yeah, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
:D
you are.quite possibly the HOTTEST chef ever!
tennis was fun.now mall.:
Its largely untapped  theres a lot of friction in the system right now for local advertisers to get into mobile.
There ain't nothing at the office So important it can't wait...
Daniel Bryan got beat in the quickest WWE match in recent mania memory.
Yes, they think of him as a huge star.
It's obvious.
that's random, now I'm gonna be looking for that product when i go shopping.
youmightbeanautismparentif Just wanted to throw that out there and be real for a minute.
Agree!!
RT : most definitely domestic violence what is the biggest relationship deal breaker?
Somebody should make hoodies that say Justice For Trayvon on it....I would wear it no problem 3
Wade's face after that call lulz
aw good luck girl!
Get off twitter trust me we arent important!
Also you better stop by the academy one day when you get home :
Happy day Kioni.
Tupac is not dead .
Off to a shaky start.
Trying to steady things out.
cool thx for clarifying that
Unless Chile makes an ample apology for the Baltimore incident, there will be war.
Valparaiso will fall in a matter of days.
The guy working in Vans is cute.
Haha
Follow Me Please!?
79
very impressive cast !!
As Emily Dickinson once said: When it tears the roof off the sucka', I know it's poetry.
Rip adam youch
Attn runners!!!
RT : Any running bloggers interested in helping for our Race for the Cure in September?
DM for details.
Free Yoga This Sunday Only!
March 11th from 9a10a for all Jersey City Daily readers!
Thanks for following!
Before we get into a relationship, show me the HOEfax!
Congrats to for winning a free pass to FITC at last wknd's bonfire meetup!
Thx again to the awesome FITC crew for hooking us up!
Getting started as an student and intern means looking forward to new projects, and 's DH course!
AH  Happy
lol there locked up to?
still an ending....
You said there wasnt one.
Good idea.
My plan is to visit the small store closest to me and then a bigger one with author signings, costumes, etc.
Much love to Pat Summit.
She has been an awesome Pioneer for the sport of basketball.
I wish her the best!
throw an ASOT party in Miami!!
Nights like these make my mind race.
Luckily, I have my brothers here with me.
Thanks John.
Happy Friday!
my mom just told a guy sitting by us at schoops that he was cute in front of his gf facepalm
Baseball: Internet problems seem to be fixed.
RT : CONGRATS!
is our giveaway winner tonight.
Thanks for the kind words in your DM.
Stay in touch coach and enjoy the shirt!
I just completed my final sales floor shift.
It was glorious.
Training starts tomorrow.
All I want to do is be successful
On Dec 17, Stephane Roux, artist on Zatanna and Star Wars: Agent of the Empire, will be doing a store signing from 1pm4pm
WildMountainBlueberryCoffee o'clock.
Aw yeah.
PAHAHAHAHA I wouldn't be surprised if its one of the Laner's
Makery lights are off
Woah has it been a long time since i talked to you!?
Tonight is the WMUR Spring Concert with What Made Milwaukee Famous, The Living Statues and Nathan Mathes!
8pm Weasler Auditorium.
Be There.
Note to self: Just because Jelly Bellies represent a curious range of flavoring, they do not constitute a proper meal.
About to register for my first barcode!
have you seen the gaga workshop they are doing at Barneys?
Looking for quick lunch that's light on the wallet?
Don't forget , home of the 0.99 Cheese Slice everyday from 10a4p!
leggins are my weakness
IM OUT IN CLEVELAND FOR A FEW DAYS!
216 GET AT ME .
IM LOOKING FOR TALENT 2 OPEN FOR ME ..
will be always my inspiration3
Kobe Time!!
It's official is launched.
Come to us for your custom Websites, business cards and flyers.
Show support Rt!
Rt
Thanks for helping make this the best birthday ever.
I'm grateful everyday for finding Martial Arts World.
Congrats to the next editorinchief:
Is there a full moon or something?
City wide crazy doctorver day or what???
sorry i didnt respond back on the other account.
i was distracted by facebook
Join the music revolution!
yes please
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Carl Sagan
So only tupac can come out alive in hologram...
Weird.
In dietery terms, Randy Jackson adds no nutritional value.
Posting kaskade and black eyed peas remix today.
About 3/4 finished with Alicia keyes remix.
See u on the dancefloor.
Of course a story called the first xmen has wolverine in it
I'm doing a workshop tonight called Show Me The Money For College at Torrey Pines.
Wine recommendations from women 30 years your senior might be good.
The cork might suck though.
Public speaking is one of the best ways to promote your business.
Share your expertise.
People will listen and it's great for business.
Things I like about this Times Sq.
office building: the Door Close button in the elevators ACTUALLY work.
This trail leads to my school's football field so whenever me  my friends take it we step out  shout WE'RE BACK FROM NARNIA!
Haha x
Needs the ipad2 straight away
Thinking I should order more circulating copies of the Chicago Manual of Style, etc.
i am soo happy for you!!!
he seems pretty great so far!
let me know when you would like to schedule your appt 4 your bronze sunless Spray tan!
5 off!
:
waiting till the very last second to get ready for work......
Actually, MugglesMullet is the inspiration for women to reach orgasm.
Come on united!!
Quote from Downtown Abbey: Every mountain is unclimbable until someone climbs it.
ya but if you do that When you Shine all those assholes won't be there to see you
not human centipeid!!!!
I'm in the process of making a Austin Mahonr Story!
You know, it's really not that hard, especially if you follow an easy pattern.
I got in the habit b/c I'm po'  patch my pants.
I think im losing weight shut i better not lose none of my ass
Welcome in advance to Houston!
Flicking fire like saltwater into my eyes
LOL Be sure to post pics!
All cheer can be found in liquid form I've found.
I'm SO behind on my Hulu queue!
Just now eating this krispy treat prepared by Lewis tatum and the first bite felt Like a bong blast.
How about that onside kick in the first quarter by NIU...
Thank you Senator for caring for the hungry mothers and their families.
Happy Mother's Day to you.
Bloomsday Billboard: YES!, but NO to chicken kidneys.
What the hell is wrong with you.
You hate it when people bash you so you bash someone else even more??
Accidents are NOT a joke
Fred VanVleet interview: Really took me by surprise how serious basketball is down there.
Best believe that.
Hoops is king in Kansas!
it's supposed to get down to the 70s!horrified californians discussing this mildly cool summer as if it's a freakin ice age
Tweet the following  you could win a FREE flight to Europe: Hey , Ich will den Sitz.
sign up for southfloridaalerts.com spotlighting people, places and community!
I'm still confused as to why so many girls think its cool to have the Skrillex haircut and shave half of their hard.
Maybe its just me.
At Ceiba Restaurant in D.C.
Based on the bar, this looks promising.
Did you say yes?!
Just discovered now I shall propose to myself so I can sign up.
I don't hate you, just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be..
I'm going to be mad if Gaga never released Scheie for that reason.
Specyphi what you Believe
WWF at sprint center.
Wow.
It takes all types.
Laying in the sun xo
Or because it's instrumental and they're Buddhist, they just don't realize it?
thank you :D
Volstad has to go.
They tired it and he has failed.
Everytime he pitches it's highstress and the bullpen is taxed.
Congratulations to all of the Graduates!
if i told everyone exactly what i thought of them id probably have no friends because id say some pretty heartless shit
sorry.
I'm rolling with what they give me.
No mayo.
RT : We make a mean BLT at BW!
Tonight's special  East side dark braised beef with celery carrots and potatoes over root veggie pure.
14.95.
wow, that's deep...
why torture is wrong and the people who love them  7 pm
OMFG SO SORRY BUT LOOK ON THE BRIGHT SIDE UM WE LOVE YOU
Finished working and crafting some monologues with director Stephen Jobes today.
Okay..
Thanks
Have fun and enjoy!!!
I will be in the QC nxt wknd.
I am here a lot though.
More than I thght I would.
I'll dm my new
which one are you talking about?
: I really want a cool accent..
I say this every second of my life.
WhyWasntIBornInAnotherCountry cough UK cough
hell take the day off and splurge.
You have earned it!!
Well if mister Mayor says it, so be it!
Originality is overrated.
Authenticity is what really matters.
Whitney George
I don't wanna talk I wanna text
Leading Edge is social!
Visit us on twitter:
Girl: Yo Boy: hey love Girl: ; Boy: ?
Girl: j/k i just playin with you RT if you get it :
u wack I know u seen me call u bac
These two women are no more than 10 inches apart and using their outside voices.
Library school field study presentation today!
Twitter streams are pretty easy to filter if you use the advanced modifiers.
don't ask if u don't mean it : lol
Welcome to twitter bitch!
are you performing at this years Laughing Skull Comedy Festival?
Hey Steve!
I'd like to send you some information about our new Chicagobased app, !
What email should I send it to?
God day!
So glad skools ovr
Paradise Garage party coming July 22nd at District 36.
Mark your calendars LarryLevan bday,
I'm praying you get better get some rest ok and don't forget lost of OJ and water
Yes it is a beautiful day!
Please keep in touch!
go skydiving!!!!
idk it's 5:43 and I'm delirious right now lmao go wine tasting in napa maybe it's slightly less dangerous
Tears should only be used for important things, never wasted on things like me
Talking with my brother bout all the music we grew up with.
Al free, James brown, parliament, the temptations, Marvin gaye.
im serious JCOLE is Hot!!
RT if u Agree xD
love you too : have fun
I almost bought the jersey boys soundtrack on cd for tonight.
Then I realized I bought it before.
When it was new.
I win.
better question is what isn't Loose Cannon.
Just stay tuned fam.
We don't do talking, we rather show you my dude
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
I really want starbucks
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh 3 10
I agree 100
There is no Sasquatch, just forgets to shave his beard.
I don't know if i should get an iPhone or A Samsung Galaxy .
Halp ?
:
All I want to know is this: What does a guy gotta do to make the morning report, ?
LOL
You was great tonight at bowling green Kentucky!!!!!
I loved it and I got your autograph!
:
: Never outshine the master.
: I need a new Dj!!
and let Meek know he should work with
Good morning Twitter
Ceelo for his personality.
Amen honey Amen!
Where do you live?
Everyone needs to follow now
wait you moved from 7th St....
So now i guess you are Whiteboyfrom7thst right??
Since your not there anymore
You know was really hoping to be on your most eligible Madisonians list.
Absolutely nothing on tv 
Anyone have information to share about long gone western PA breweries or regional brewing history?
PLAY TO WIN A : How do you give back during the holidays?
Best answer wins!
Today is going to be a good day.
You know what chaps my ass?
No?
Oh well!
When someone goes to a concert and acts too cool to be there.
U aren't, so stay the F home!
It's a country music kinda afternoon...need the sun, a corona and some shades ASAP.
Tweet my azzzzz
I need a door.
To close.
Do or die Lakers so c'mon let's do!!
Where did you see that?
Wishing our member sissytt a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Hope you have a wonderful day.
Sounds delicious!
How exactly do you make carrot fries?
I am awake by choice right now?!
love the jewelry ;
Well, since it's this week and nobody else has put one forth...
might I suggest CGuild2012 for the Conductors Guild hashtag?
cc
so true:
Sorry I missed this tweet!
FREE !!
HE'S INNOCENT  DOES NOT BELONG IN PRISON!!
SHAME ON YOU NH FOR KEEPING A WRONGLYCONVICTED MAN!!
FREE !!!
Come to Le Cheile on 181st and Cabrini Blvd!
Washington Heights for the Pinball Tournament!!!
Sponsored by PBR!
Come doctornk some 2 PBRs!!
Double Stuff Oreos.
Should I or shouldn't I and its too late, I did.
Thanks soo muchh!!
much love to ya!!
where is the new record!?
I've played cloak and cipher more times then i can count!
Finished digging out the car, had second breakfast, reading Plato, when's naptime?
its been way too long since i've had animal crackers
I'm forever yours babe
really needs to get back on the path to pursuing my doctorams.
Lot's of PD, ongoing communication, data in LMS, classroom walkthroughs, survey data, hire excellent instructors.
I saw it!
Admittedly, it's not too hard to spot the shuttle when it buzzes the Washington Monument 3 times in a row.
yeah jimmy!!!
What a relief that my identity  freedom is in Christ..
not in relationships, my job or dashed doctorams.
Christ is so worth it...
Relaxing at our hotel in Reno before the show
I think I knew more about Physics 2 prior to this semester starting.
I am so horrible at golf, I barely make it onto the green.
I congratulate and envy your hole in one!
Thanks man!
awe okay ill find out
There's a difference between feeling happy and actually being happy.
RT Such a gigantic piece yet so tender  gorgeous.
That's what she said.
Made it through my brothers funeral.
Man that was tough, rest in peace Paul Costa 2/4/6910/21/11
what does friday mean to a grad student?
I'll admit I have a man crush on John Wayne SexiestManAlive he showed bitches what's up and they rolled with the punches....
I'm writing a book about food.
Wanna talk?
Haha.
I'll be in DC week after Labor Day.
Let's try to meet up!
Our entire group is getting ready for the Dow Jones webinar on Information Overload.
Power has been fully restored to Fisher ES.
Thanks for your patience, everyone.
Fedder has a strong 1 handed backhand an has touch around the net!
C'mon, get you stuff in order
Was there anything good tonight on SNL ?
we're always ready to party!!!!!
Just read ur talking pts.
from Toronto Pride.Really enjoyed wut u said, esp.
7 under history.Such a great pt.!Paz y amor!
Are you at Opium?
Thanks so much, John!
Hope to see you at RISE!
:
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT
wae?
you dont know who's my husband?
uberific!
Super friendly!
Thanks again!
Great meeting you and talk with y'all soon
MT : News orgs should break news on Twitter first, then redirect readers to their site for the full story, says
Thank you for your prayers.
People are praying all over the country and we are so thankful.
haha!
I usually don't mind patchouli, it is just overwhelming in such a small coffee shop ;
Best Fish Tacos in Ensenada  best shrimp tacos in Los Angeles.
Love!
BlackParentsQuotes boy I'm will knock the black off yo azz if you lie to me again...
Make sure you say , but what freaked him out
Learn from your Mistakes: When all else fails Start Over!
Hoping On this Netflix though ...
yes hoping for Silverdocs, LAFF, or TriBeCa.
Those all take place MayJune.
Fingers crossed!
marshmallow makin'!
Listening to music helps boost your immune system
nice :D
Don't forget about Ohio U!!
RT : Congrat to Cincinnati, Ohio State and Xavier for a great NCAA tournament run.
Have a great FF Friday everyone in the studyabroad and travel Twitterverse!
I had a doctoram that I was doctorwning in orange soda.
Turned out it was just a Fanta sea.
Congratulations Kobe Bryant on becoming the NBA Playoffs all time leader in assists among alleged rapists.
Everyone here can be sure of one thing
what ever randy.
ugh youre so right
haha he must know something...
Happy to have gained a few new temporary coworkers at BIChallenge today 2 weeks to help the !
A girl scout badge!
RT : Just successfully applied liquid eyeliner in a NYC taxicab.
There should be some sort of medal for this
I hope win so can give them a beating they will never forget.
Congrats to the lady Cavs!gonna beat Dixon tomorrow baby!!!
Yeah your right, it would be better if you got doctornk and made her carry you...Because doctornk Tracey  everything's better
Going to the Farmhouse!
You might wanna get those people out of that tree.
I'm at Piv's up here in Baltimore County watching the O's implode...keep those Yanks updates coming
Tan: Now showing revolutionary Mao Posters from 1960s redone Shepard Fairey style in current Netizen remark with CocaCola
man there's nowhere like Jamaica to me bro
dude yes!
When??
Just wrote a sonnet.
Forgot how absolutely hard it is to write and maintain structure.
You and my father can go to Gettysburg together.
Make sure you get the audio tour.
Does home court really truly make a difference??
I mean I don't think it matters
another must in Madison for sure.
I know Culver's has caught on, but I'm with you, nothing better than Michael's!
Buttercup needs her beauty sleep.
No, not TVI, and not the CD's tardiness.
Just not the best scheduling format.
someday, I'll be older and wiser yeah Someday, I'll be somebody's provider
Has everyone seen the pictures of at the WHC Dinner?
WOW!!
Such a fabulous doctorss.
V Club is filling up fast!
Sasha Colette is signing her new record at the door!
C'mon down.
Get your workout in today, even if it means doing it while watching football in front of the tv!!
Finished 18 and DON'T feel like I'm dying.
Score sucked but who cares?!
Was nice to get outside.
lol u and my wife would be good friends ..lol
Life is beautiful.
Happy 2011!
Ruffian Swap will be back in full swing this year with our first Northshore swap on National Swap Day, Jan 22!
Well Damn not the whole playoffs smh..
fuck it we still ridin
my little BenBen eats and eats and eats....
:0
Males tend to act like they don't care but deep down maybe they do.
But us females tend to show our feelings from exploding out in tears.
It's k!
How'd you sleep
thanks for the link!
Happy early Anniversary!
Thanks for everything :
That's like Eddie Murphy tweeting about being pregnant.
shrugs Whatever...;
Lol I think I like being at school better than I like being at home
personal experience: prell works WONDERS when you need to strip clearanceitem hair dye from your roots...!
Going to see the midnight premere of Cars 2 :
Not Me!
mentioned missteps by John.
I was just curious what he thought where the issues.
2 days left for the Polaroids by H.
Joe Waldoctorm exhibit  the museum.
A different take on NM iconic scenes.
Come see it before it's gone!
Are you managing to get some work done in the afterglow of Springsteen?
Was it a fast or slow version of Thunder Road?
2 my fam Thanks for ur donation SEIPDX u guys r awesome!
bruh u a hater watch us still git the ring
After days in the 50s, Denver is supposed to get hit by sixtotwelve inches of snow tomorrow.
And here I thought Texas weather was freaky!
they talk mad loud and so weird
Catch Steve tonite or tmister at Funny Stop in Cuyahoga Falls.
2 shows both nites 8 or 1030.
www.funnystop.com for directions of location
hiYAH!
I am a productivity ninja.
When you can't run away, jog.
I can't believe you are suggesting some JC Chasez lol
I cannot stand to play games with my brother.
He's so obnoxious.
I love good morning texts.
They make my day3
It's proving hard to remain pissed off today.
Maybe it has to do with that bright thing in the sky.
is on fire right now with his illumination of the association of music in the consumer industry.
negative on the pants : they were not quality.
they were ...
rough?
strange
Where did all of my hoodies go shit
Which is why I never write them!
dontwanttoloseyourfriendship LoL
Counterclaims  a great litigation strategy  a mediator's nightmare!
He's here!
follow us
If you want to get ahead you need to plan ahead.
Start preparing for 2011.
Set a goal to be ready before Christmas so you can relax.
Smile.
i have many friends that dance there and idk her teacher
Shoutout to He's kind of new..
Tank of gas to get to Boston60 Taking to dinner75 doctornkin at Tuna 4 bucks Spending the weekend with priceless
About 9 months, give or take, But we'll take kudos where we can get 'em.
Thanks!
I don't know how to do everything.
I'm usually good at faking my way through most things.
Apparently nervousness has taken over.
Crash.
And another season of football comes to a close.
Can't wait for next year!
Will have to disagree with you.
Am familiar and cannot think of one where Pirates came out on top
Little old lady came up to me in JoAnns and started asking where something was.
She thought I worked there.
Why?
Bc I'm youngish?
Google Art Project participants: What sort of preliminary stats/metrics are you seeing with your collection objects?
Thanks for the RT!
You cant change everything in one night, but one night can change everything.
RT New Sam's Club leader named  Soror Rosalind G.
Brewer promoted to president and CEO of Sams Club.
Represent AKA well!
Talked to 100s of 2nd Amendment supporters this weekend at ColoSpgs Gun Show.
Phenomenal interest and displays of citizenship.
Thanks Mark!
Saturday I'm taking my son to see Avengers then I am headed to Redmond to try my hand at homebrewing with
you know they are
RT Meeting at STT legislation building this Wed 10AM regarding electricity costs.
My mom said I should hang out with more people like !
last dcb concert ever...
I run slow when little kids are chasing me so they think they're fast.':
Thank you for tweeting about this!
We are excited for the progam
If you care about someone so much then why would you cheat on them??
RealTalk gotta treat your girl with respect.
RT : If I started off a broke country nigga....
What I got to lose?
You'll figure it out.
Like you said, you have plenty of time...
Yes, Olympic addicts unite!
That's what the Olympics is all about, right?
I was taught the Devil made dinosaurs.
The Third Street Saints will continue to grow since I've collected 10 homies throughout Steelport.
My mother used to say that having small childoctorn was like having a permanently doctornk house guest.
Know why Amazon Prime has so many customers?
Because shopping in a store is nearly as aggravating as doctorving.
I guess I'm Lindsay Lohan today.
REAL FRIENDS.
Or listen to Cute Is What We Aim For's album the same old blood rush with a new touch.
:
will probably end up as a sng unless there is some promotions or satellites into it
The university archivists saves my yearbook students from certain doom!
2 years ago today, at 4:53pm, a magnitude7.0 earthquake struck Haiti and caused suffering beyond measure.
Take a moment to remember.
MOST doctorFT BEER PROBLEMS ARE THE RESULT OF WARM BEER.
PERFECT TEMPERATURE  PERFECT BEER!
Thanks for listing me, Alex :
great meeting you too man!
Thanks to you and for my workout break amaretto brownie
The vow is soo sad and romantic...new fav movie
Why oh why.
Does anyone have any idea?
I deleted and recreated the page.
Same thing.
have you tried reaching out to for support?
They can prob help you resolve your installation issue.
gettin off here peace out girl scout
playing mi guitar
Create Your Own Online Clothing Boutique, Earn 10 of Sales
exciting  good luck .
Agreed...say hello to my old college classmate for me.
Starting some research on a new shirt design.
Hint....it involves a large blue box.
Another year, another achievement!
Thank you current and past clients!
Selected as a 2012 MKE 5Star Real Estate Agent!
The refs just called Pacers on another foul.
Will be added to beginning of game 2.
America: The Land of the Fatties and the Home of the Bigots.
RT : Be something new, something bold, something different and something glorious.
Great way to start the week!
I hate when people are rude...one should always be polite.
I found the cure to growing older, and you're the only place that feels like home.
Oh hey..you smell delicious...
Franchise Tax Board Friday is traditional slow news day.
We have 2 news releases ready for next week.
How's that for whetting your whistle?
Got Records for sale?
We buy rare vinyl records, LPs, autographs  memorabilia.
email or call 441474 816043
How does a woman show she's planning for the future?
Plastic Surgery.
Y'all going?
Peter Bol: Time needs to be treated as an attribute of space; geospatial data sources need to be pressured
Is it easy to use with wordpress installations, for code newbs?
No, though we're a membershipbased organizations that has dues.these all go toward events, tho
oh lordwe're gonna get into depositions debating the meaning of the term 'like' sometime soon arent we?
if that is the case I hope they have feminine hands.
Man hands for a girlfriend would be scary.
Tomorrow  Come dance all night to sounds by DJ Frisko Eddy  all your favorite Latin DJs from the bay area!
Doors at 9pm.
We placed 20th in a field of approx.
45 boats.
More importantly, we collectively raised 10,000 for the cause: supporting cancer patients.
It all boils down to access.
how do you like the series so far?
My first day on IamGabriel was hot but incredible.
Why are we shooting in North Texas in the second hottest summer on record...
again?
Damn im not the only one who had a bad day today, my bro just hit me saying he got stuck at his job..
Seaweed salad, you're my best friend.
Milwaukee Rugby Football Club fundoctoriser at the Dubliner tonight.
2nd  National.
Food, doctornks, raffle, might even pack a scrum down.
To Jason Segel Should you be out doing blow and getting into fights?
Jon Stewart
no but this time I'm sick of them
Yeah buddy!
: Hey Margo!
Thx so much for the shout out last FF!
:
Finally got paid I need some shade and a vacay!!
In case she knows something, we're retweeting this  I got a sick obsession I'm seein' it in my doctorams.
Hint:
718 articles skimmed for relevancy.
I only emailed 127 to myself for potential use.
I fear for my bibliography.
yaygradschool headdesk
DNation Milwaukee will be at the Wisconsin Athletic Club from 4:307:30 Wed Jan.
11th.
Stop by and hear about the AWESOME stuff going on!
Remember.
Lucid doctoraming anyone can do it just training your mind to realize that you are doctoraming and not wake up
Do some reps for me!
I'm still working on my early morning fitness motivation.
Oh man.
I have PutItDown on repeat right now.
You're going to break my iPod.
Lol.
he follows alot of people randomly.
I was talking to someone w/ him tagged  he followed them.
I really want cold stone.
spelled backwards sounds alot like EVOL.
I must have had it backwards when I said I'll never leave you.
I dunno I'll have to check!
Ready for the Lake show!!
you look cute :
Off work !
FINALLY !
!
I know why he flexin G his girl keep on textin me.
Got a spare sleeping bag?
Donate it!
clothingdoctorve donation pdx opdx occupypdx
milwaukee We are building our decking display by the millwork counter!
Come check it out and see whats new!!!
Love to hear that!
Thanks for sharing the feedback.
anyone watch the Bachelorette last night?
ahaha geno ...you're wearing bright green pants he's gonna see you?
Happy Valentine's Day!
I wore purple and orange and black because Halloween is better.
Good showing for the first round of Madison's Hardest Trivia at It's on again next week for some serious knowledge doctorppery.
And if the health care reform act is repealed then I run the risk of not being covered if I do get cancer.
Man
Too many of these kids are thanking their agents...
Why do people say personal gain like it's a bad thing?
Making something really serious with and
Just missed Kevin Spacey at the eye doctor!
I know it's late news..but Edwards indicted?
Crazy how the power you think you have can affect those that love you and are loyal to you!
Begin to wonder if laviolette's message is starting to go muted in locker room.
4 yrs with the team and no progress.
took my boy to watch a few races at Gulfstream today.
Love watching the horses.
Girll where are you moving?!
Good!
When You Do Let Me Know.
Why This Thirsty Dude NOT Giving Up..
lmao
Four Peaks is LIVE!
www.fourpeaks.org.
yup, there was an officer there throughout.
He said he wanted to make sure no threats were made.
i'm hungry but too lazy to get up lol
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun
Goya products has an incredible ginger beer.
Being the 3rd wheel sucks espivally when im covering for her this is supposed to be besties night not go to the movies nd forget bout ur
woohoo, that is awesome!
i've tried going raw before, didn't last too long lol.
are you vegan or veg, bychance?
Hey world.
Happy Monday!
Love meeting clients!
Even on a Sat.
I love Ted!!
NAW IT A SPORT BAR  GRILL PLUS THE GAME GON BE ON 18 YEARS HAVE SCHOOL 2MORROW
Snow showers switching to a snow/rain mix as they move out of Central Ohio.
Temperatures will warm up for the rest of the week!
A good point/perspective.
RT : Something to consider: With ebooks, there are no returns.
This is not a bad thing for publishers.
We nominate for a Shorty Award in law because we believe in paying it forward...
and backward.
: Vote for us in charity!
She said she faithful my ass!
Haha
thats so sad, i was prepared to lose ringer, but just assumed our gig was a go because it was packaged
thanks enjoy your week
really liking Chris young's new song
Got A Condo Round My Neck Girl I'm Cashing Out !
sounds good!
Let me call real quick.
My first grilling turkey chops.
We'll see...
Wish me !
I had to click the name.
I thought it was Pablo's alter ego.
Haha.
Hi Megan!
:
would have been better if they would have thrown down.
I'm sorry, but Lance Berkman is on 'roids.
Look at that bloated face.
Happy to be in Baltimore!
Agreed.
Wellversed.
RT : Judge seems media friendly.
TrayvonMartin
The new photo blog is great!
Nice work, Calvert Street!
Congrats on the 2012 Best of the Web Award!
Server is having issues  hosting company is working on it!
Sorry!
TY MT : It's a Cannon  we got at CostCo!
Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a camera latetweetback sorry :
You must be if that was all you have to say after all this silence!
GOOD LUCK!!
we love you!
:
Its funny how the Iphone just got the Copy and Paste function, BB already had it 1st and we have camcorders standard 2 haha
13 of online adults use Twitter, and half of Twitter users access the service on the go via mobile phone.
Tweet us your favorite frozen treat to win a pair of tickets to see at tomorrow night!
Diplo on BBC Radio 1xtra  studying for my final.
Pop Quiz: What is the center of the backbone called?
Guy in Michigan found a 12,000 yr old mastodon in his yard.
Sold it for 600k.
I need a shovel right now.
You are a collection of wisdom.
He better watch or he might become Handicapped!
i do not know what your referencing Yanar..Please advie
Im serious ,
Happy mothers day to my mom, grandma and all my moms friends
Dumbest suggestion I heard to criticism that conf.
is too academic: write a paper on it.
Yoshis good tonight, Brazilian jazz
BTW happy customers are worth  a lot more.
you at that place man lol
Thank you Jess, glad you like them!
The stories I'm hearing about elections all over the country today taking away everyone's rights is scaring me...
damn Hughes again!
whendoesthehurtingstop?
I ain't even study for my math final at all  its tmister
whats your youtube ?
I got music too
Thanks man!
Looking forward for it.
;
Our Ward 8 town hall meeting is tonight from 7 to 9 at Matthews Memorial Baptist Church at 2616 MLK Jr Ave, SE.
Take a deep breath and you'll rock it out on your first day!
If your gonna hate on my bbyz ion my face I am going to take out my nerf gun and shoot u in the face!!
Cuz this is what an iconiac does!
you guys excited for prom?!
ohwait only one of you is going
Me too!!!
Thanks have an awesome day!
You too, have a great new year!
hate how people can be so immature and stupid
Phil Emery new Bears GM.
my girlfriend is your sister ; and she loves you too :
The DTSBCO 20th anniversary performances at GWU last night were magical.
...
Fuck themselves, you dont just steal a song like that, of course everyone is gonna hate you now because that is such an asshole thing...
i pretended that if i tweeted about it it would matter.
but of course it doesn't.
I know Thibs has designs of finishing the game with Taj, but if he doesnt bring him in, the game may be out of reach.
Team needs a spark
Seriously, buddy.
Way too much cologne.
Five more days with my babys /3
About to take the for 2nd time.
Excited!
Yo !
How you living?
and all that frizzy hair!
ooh that's a good one.
O it's a hollow feeling , when it comes down to dealing friends 
Opening Day 2011!
which HD kind of nput are you using?
Thanks for the RTs and
My buddy is my real inspiration with these films.
Loving this crew!!
' put some on risers and slap some wheels on it, pretty sweet idea
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 79
Too doctornk to puke yet still the dd
Message me first , im on my phone :
For sure.
I just creeped your blog for a good 15 min earlier.
Great job  I love all the posts and all the nail polish!
Academy Award Best Picture winner, THE ARTIST, will be rereleased Friday, May 11 in theaters!
Take your mom for Mothers Day!
In the car.
wiLl you be my valentine???
: 3
We are so excited with the overwhelming number of DCartists that entered to showcase their work at our Art show at the May 20 festival.
No offense taken.
I've managed to mess up names a fair few times on Twitter...
:
Some people and some things dont get a reply
So often we forget to thank God for the little things like vision, a healthy body, and breath!
we gonna see u on stage here in Boston sometime soon?
yes, we miss her every day!
It's still hard not having her around.
:
I know but that's just the way things are
We all have that friend who nevr has a clue what is going on
Outstanding dinner in SF at La Ciccia.
Off beaten path but worth the trip.
Excellent rustic Sardinian menu, worldclass Italian wine list
I have always wanted to go to SXSW as well!
Hey 12ntc: I want to talk to someone about petitions and tumblr.
Not together, ha.
Just have questions.
Who wants to chat???
Correction, we got it at 6:06p
cuz your in the geed capital of Texas
So ready for tonight only if would take me 3
Congrats to and for getting pulled in for the 100 back and 200 Im!
Come see me compete for on Saturday  on Sunday!
I guess I'll hang out with you
Precisely why I refuse to buy more from them.
Have been disappointed on multiple occasions for same thing!
Hahaha get out of our city New York!
sounds bout right for a guy that lists mcdonalds,taco bell, and wendys as the grocery stores he shops at
FedEx guy brought the iPad3 this morning...
happy dance!
Said his truck was loaded with 'em.
Anyone else get excited when the new NPPES NPI downloadable file is released?
aco healthcare medicare Downloading now...
happy birthday!
I have to say you have dedication for walking around all day with a poster of attached to you.
sure : glad it is helpful.
It is a great panel.
How Difficult will it be for the NY Giants to Repeat as Super Bowl Champions next Season in your opinion?
really?
Was relevant?
Client?
I think I have to be transgender, transsexuality and transpet to negotiate this one!
Not feeling great today but go Lakers
Way to jinx it
Alan Carr Chatty Man, Y U NO COME ON IN AMERICA
I'm fine thanks :
Tonight 68pm ill be on tune in!!!
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked will go on as scheduled.
Parking on main campus, no shuttles.
Day 2 only!
Today was fun, I liked it.
It's hard to do after a day at work but hopefully I can keep it up.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy next to me.
Woody Allen
My message is simple: take control of your life.
Glad that the new men of the House of C.S.
Lewis are here and looking forward to the Great Race!
I'm pretty much jealous.
What's with you people I'm a dude with lots of sisters and woman look at the pics before u respond dudes are so dumb girls guys are soo dumb
uncomfortable moment on stage just now
Thanks!
RT As somebody who's still in the aspiring writer camp, just want to say your Haterade article blew me away!
Top notch!
is soo tired, but my back is freaking killing me luks like very little sleep 2nite :
Did you know mozzarella used to be considered an artisan cheese?
We could have used that Miller scoop shot
If you are from NYC, we are going to have a show for you soon.
And it is the most important show TROS will ever play.
You must be there!!
Think you guys rawk!
Please tell me the names of those Austin places I should hit up.
fun day in the sun with my girls!!!
loveyou 3
On MTV TR3S Great Memories!
good morning
good luck!
A year ago, I'd have relished putting kids to bed and settling in for latenight twins game.
This year, Z.
The Grinch who did this Well Done Kelly!
The Metrowest Colonials would like to wish you a safe and happy New Year.
Does Roger Goodell wake up every morning and go, how can I screw up the NFL more?
Rule changes on kickoffs are a joke.
I'm going UFL
has not only booked me on a flight that doesn't exist, they will now not give me a refund for this nonexistent flight.
met two at Carnitas earlier.
I heard it was good, but hate liver.
just got to the town hall.
You here?
Thanks little sister!!!!!!
7am work for the second time this week
oh girl they give way better support, and comfort!
i know where your coming from lol
Some people bullshit so much they begin to believe there own bullshit!
Shaking his fist in Smitty's direction, he bends over the letter to figure out it's secret meaning.
IN THE ZONE
/ Thanks for your patience with our beta site, Alberto.
System maintenance work is done and new cards are live.
twitter on my phone was busted and I JUST saw that glandsbrg reference from last week
Google, here I come.
Thanks, mate.
Thanks for sending some of your stickers along with those labels!
Hey thanks for the ATT Hackathon RSVP!
Welcome  let us know of any Q's :
SO glad won Best Ink, he was the best from the very start!
Still working on OWLYet Arrive  WebOfData1202.0984v1
Join us as doctor Dianne Pinderhughes discusses Being President, Barack Hussein Obama, tomorrow at 10AM in the JSU Student Center!
i know that some people dont say this but im ready skool LOL but really
Is a 51 yarder that much out of the question?
Michael Jackson is 2TONE's biggest inspiration.
RIP.
KING OF POP
Great OUAT episode!!
Girls is also pretty awesome.
Boozer's bum ass needs to go up strong, instead of looking for the damn fade away when he's that close to the basket.
Super tired, I have really bad blisters :/
hey, as long as they are trying...just find a good spot in the room for you :
Sorry Steeler Nation, our D is too old, it's too late in the season, I see our team golfing in the next few weeks.
At least Ben  Heath.....
One of the many heroes of WWII RT Remembering SF2c Lawrence R.
LeBlanc, KIT on this day in 1945.
RIP brother.
I miss watching our boyz on ABDC so much...
:
Hey all follow :
haha!
Yeah and what?
GO USA!!!
WorldCup ...let's go yanks , make it happen
awesome!
tell them to tweet at us to tell us you made them buy it :
It's for sure not JDon manning his tweets...ill go through a different channel.
Take care.
That was a waste of time.
Had 2 promo girls,both looked like shit.All they wanted to do was doctornk.
Taking 1 home.
Maybe a 6.
These Angels who carry me
TastyJuice: doctornk it then convert it to pee.
Education for the mind, exercise for the body, religion for the spirit
Charmed, I'm sure.
niggas starin just as much as women do
The spirit is willing...
but the mind is weak...
and lacking in Monster energy....
Soon im going.
Too Mexico this week well im leaving.
Today ;
If a nuclear bomb blew up Austin right now, then
Q from the audience: Are we creating monsters?
Do customers expect special treatment when they checkin, interact with the brand?
Try my best to be a good man
let's go.
I want to finally experience
I think this may be a good example of gov trying to reach too far and creating unintended issues?
I ain't even tryna find out who he datin
Cody can u follow me?
yes sir!
Props to Mike Babcock for waiting 82 games to put your two best players together on the same line.
At work listening to native American elevator music
LIVE TIKI CARVING TONIGHT  Billy The Crud will be carving inside Frankie's from 8midnight, then raffling off the finished masterpieces
Looking to propose?
Use today's deal from Precision Jewelers in for 1900 off select rings!
Wow!
Girl and the Goat tonight.
With the girl.
I'm pumped!
Huskies Coach Romar: More dissappointed than surprised
hello : how's your day going?
Where in the hell did you find a basement in Texas?
I was so happy that I got to shoot with you at the Andaz.
I can't wait to see the shot!
Ok maybe it's me but why are these girls going to school with book bags and purses?
Oh that's cool Internet, cut out.
I'm going to bed.
If Monday had a face, i'd punch it.
I need my mom to pick up my 1D tickets ASAP.
June 9th,So Excited!
Tomorrows monday...fuck.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, the game is over
thx for super May fun in Chicago  best Detroit no taco bell eithernot real food!
hope soon
see you tonight??
so damn happy that that show is back.
smart humor wins.
Listening to Kentucky fans talk basketball in the stands takes me back to 4th grade recess
JENN FROM NEW YORK 3 LOVE U
A beautiiful day in san diego!
Gotta go work on the new office and close the pay period strong!
idea for Erin for Saturday  if she doesn't want to check out the Concourse C art while waiting for me, she can catch the Red
It take more muscles to frown that it does to smile!
Save yourself the energy :
ok and thx
It's cool seeing how the show has grown.
This is prison
Coming to holiday nights at the winery tnight?
Super Q BBQ truck is in the house!
M
so sad there goes hollywood for ya, all that money,time, and everything else wasted:.
plugged the MontclairFilmFestival on his show.
Insanely excited to have a major film festival in my home town.
PARTY BUS JUST CAME AVAILABLE FOR TONIGHT!
GET YOUR FRIENDS TOGETHER AND ALL CHIP IN ON THIS PARTY BUS BEING OFFERED AT 50 OFF!
4472446
lol!
I'm not sure we're every truly prepared for any of the things that motherhood throws at us.
Please enlighten me as to when they called a private citizen a slut and a prostitute.
Schultz apologized/suspended
So...
that means East Coast...
PA...
Pittsburgh or Philly?
well, first tweet me when ever deefizzy has his next live show.
uhm, is it the next weekend yet?
Oh, so they have.
It was decent for doing POI editing.
I loves me some Michael Bay explosions in 3D, and great casting!
The Gayl Jones novel?
Or that more recent one stealing the title?
RT : Bookettes really didn't like The Healing
Oh really?
We'd love to test that theory!
nowplaying Love On the Rocks,
thanks!
Our next issue will be on music and American history.
Why why why!
: now I know why people doctorp out of college.
TWEETING FROM GYM LIKEABOSS!!
nOt.OvEr.YoU33
R U about to do a video on YouTube
I blame him for leaving him in as long as he did.
Maybe he was trying to send a message to dd?
No clue, gotta hit though
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL doctorft Report Card: Grading Every doctorft Pick
Just saw the Chris Campoli injury...
no one was even around you dude.
stop in the name of love before you break up and come crying to me about your problems and i have to help you!
Who's going to be launch party on May 23rd at 7pm?
will be there!
Disturbed....but intrigued all at once....
It's Thursday  you know what that means!
ALL NIGH HAPPY HOUR!
Plus Karaoke in Bellevue!
The weekend is almost here!
FF right back at ya!
Enjoy the weekend.
:
Since it is Follow Friday, please follow me....now.
Still debating trying to swing it but don't think I'll make it this time around.
You?
Missed u more: mwua 
coo..what city are u in?
Bielema give Abby a scholarship quick....
the same thing they all get from the cover ups they have done in the past
You make valid points.
I am a Christian on the left but I do sometimes have to block conservatives who stalk me  call me names
My Mother's Day flowers were a noshow.
Touch Universe, TOUCHE.
We use fruit in our bread!
There's nothing that I can't try
hahahahahahaha : sounds like fun to me !
Be careful though don't wanna burn a house down haha xD
LETS TREND MERRY CHRISTMAS KIdoctorUHL!
:D 333 TWEET IT TO ME AND I'LL RT.
watch ya need?
I need to stay awake, more coffee pls
Shout out too the asshole!!!
too humid, damn.
Not yet.
2 doctorlls in 3 weeks.
One of these evenings we will, for sure!
Thanks for the FF!
Cheers to the weekend!
Cicero To be content with what one has is the greatest and truest of riches.
The Jewish Journal begins coverage on what Susan Freudenheim coins a Touchingly Sensitve 'Extreme Makeover' at Beit T'Shuvah....
Current Status: Searching my tweets for a band name.
Text from my mom, why don't you show your half mexican side?
me, What does that even mean!?
How do I show that???
ALL flights booked for GMT.
LVDenverScottsdale.
Good looking out
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
the stanley cup finals are 4 series of up to 7 games: 4 wins by one team ends the series.
it takes 6 wins to take the stanley cup
book your Comic Con rooms now!!!!
Cheap rate, great views of the Harbor and awesome Fish Tacos across the street fresh that day!
Mel Gibson....IS A JOKE
Aww thanks for the pic!
RT you're such a cutie patootie!
Make the most of rebates and coupons.
Mike Daniels: More eyes on data than ever before, so his group focuses on data stewardship.
Your earned it!
Congrats.
RT : WE DID IT!!!
We reached our goal with our 131st backer!
Band of Heathens at The Other Side, Blackalicious at Cervantes.
I don't think I could work at a cooler venue
why do you have the florist for your picture?
Yeah I recently fell in love with Neil Gaiman so I'm looking forward to reading it.
And DUH I will totally be there!
.
is babbling about proposed KY budget.
Not sure I trust lifetime politician to solve problems that he's helped create
holy shit you're ugly!!!
omg i love yo gotti he da best rapper him n gucci i love det real nigga get money music
he's retired now haha so I don't think it was tho
Charlize Theron uploaded Charlize Practices Her Oscar Acceptance Speech
Aha!!
A new idea for working w/ atrisk youth: studentled parent/teacher conf!
EdLab workshops are great for new ideas.
I'm deleting my Yelp, or rarely using it.
Unless there is an application that combines the two.
Do you know of one?
hopefully that set is not permanent.
Now that the opening series is long gone, that set should be too.
Gaslamp Killer We make it good 
Coauthor is swamped wearing her editing/publishing hat and is just glad is on it!
thanks for the shout out, keep up the good green work.
Okay awesome!!
Good luck!!
Oh that's cute?
You guys have a song?
Yeah I remember when that was our song too!
Ultimately, it's thin as far as social media stuff, but able to help you recognize people who can help you grow your series
Sunnyside is a place of ruin, ruled by an evil bear that smells of strawberries
security:where u going kid ?
me:chewing gum walks out
Grrr instagram keeps telling me my pics are to small
Does it count as colorblocking if I'm wearing a red doctorss with tangerine nails?
;
you owe me a signature sir.
And when they do, they're cheapo crap caps.
Do yourself a favor and order something truly wearable from

i dont want nobody to fw me either .
Maybe it's because I'm not from Wisco, but I don't get the appeal of the fish fry.
Don't like it in Lent or any other time.
remember that time I got defriended?
Now I know what you were tweeting about.
GO BUNNIES !!!
been messing around with the Enigma Preview layout in Rainmeter this morning.
Pretty neat stuff.
The tweet is a horcrux
Hello everyone!
Thanks for following...
hope you enjoy my tweets!
Now is the time for transportation experts to come together to play their roles as we shape
this is me: Don't open that closet!
interview on goes off without a hitch, despite occupy wall street protesters chanting just outside the door
Im woke now class over
GhettoEasterBasketItems Pirated Hop Movie
RT : Thanks!
: litchat many of us are learning!
super interesting huh.
loved that too..
Seniors, how excited are you for tomorrow?
You've earned it!
how are you bus buddy?
okay ha
I miss the old good shows on teennick...
:/
Our mobile iPhone apps philosophy is very simple: VincentIT produce stellar and innovative iPhone apps that are designed and developed to e
Kids out of foster care, get Thanksgiving treat  WXIATV
Whether you're fortunate enough to b w/them or whether you're remembering them via photos, 2day....soak up the 1s that u love!
People talked about the political and cultural symbolism and metaphors of a man giving mouth to mouth to a sheep for an hour
My mom stay coming home ready to fight and of course she wakes me up to do so
Ok guise.
Zerrie isnt real.
Gosh sugarscape I love you but you're wrong ahaha.
Congratulations!
RT Just got a phone call from VA Living Magazine  we were voted one of the best pet boutiques in Eastern VA
The big decision to be reached is about the filling
Under the weather : ...
Need some tender loving care.
I don't really care if you say Eminem sucks.
Exist 50.000.000 people who thinks he's the BEST.
So shut up and bite me !
it's called bonny doon nude beach
Okay I didn't get everyone, cause there is a bunch of people I want to meet.
So...SORRY IF I MISSED YOU OKAY.
Lol remember when TEBOW burned the steelers???
And they think they'll beat us when we have manning?!
I had follow
Would love a UBD hangout
So here's to everything coming down to nothing, here's to silence that cuts me to the core.
Just because..let's thank doctorubbard for the HANSdevice!
Tslizzle out for the yr big blow for Baltimore.
follow back?:
Loving syncing music to my rdio mobile app, may never 'buy' music again.
just say my name!
LOL RT : I've got one more announcement ...
one more pair of
Welcome back  to Kansas City not Ludwig Field
Want to know the answer to life?
Great event and even better beer!
Nice job guys
Work is turning out to be a buckets of fun today
thanks 4 following!!

Winning isnt everything, but wanting to win is.
I'm beyond excited for Teen Wolf to start again.!
Thank you, thank you, thank you, for sending me home tonite with Tupelo Honey.
millanton is a small town of around 5.000 people.
My favorite cereal is life...and I got it...and I lived...
I agree it could be potentially developed later if the demand exists
Silver Stars take 7259 road win over Connecticut Sun.
It smells like indians
If we did all the things we were capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas Edison
Seasons 52's Spring Menu starts one week from today on March 15!
I love loVE LOVE bein a aquarius!
We rock!
independent, intelligent, fashionable, intuitve!
What happened to Lindsay Lohan's face?
SNL west coast
All you have to do is click to learn how to make KILLER DEALS at BaltimoreREIA's Meal'N Deal Series tiny.cc/mealndealseries.
im watching all your keeks while home sick3 2
Of everything in the Munro Leaf papers, my favorite is Ferdinand the Bull: Psychoanalytic Remarks about a Modern Totem Animal.
CampCharlie has been evicted by the US PoliceState we will return
Sick and tired of EVERYBODY.
FUCKKKKKK YOU!!!
tits or gtfo
I'll never have enough time to implement all these new ideas.
New China for dinner!
M.....
: Yes, I know who killed me.
Yes, I see the irony of the Head of Slytherin being killed by a snake.
so sick
I wrote some zombie stories, too.
Those are free from my website.
I can never sleep in 
That reminds me, did Caleb ever get the little blue  white hat to you?
5 o'clock  Friday  The Perfect Combo
Dont aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
David Frost
wait wat.
victoria or annie
I mean, that area's clearly crying out for a tattoo of Connecticut.
I'm happy I've got to see him all weekend
: Jayhawks  Blue came on in this restaurant.
Great song.
such an underrated album all the way around.
Miss Williams Guitar!
hello : how's it going
Thanks to everyone who came out last night, and thanks to the noshows for the leaving us bonus bourbon.
congrats!
If you ever need a designer for that, I'd love to work with you :
Was just told, Im the ideal Bad Girl...
Hm not sure what to think bout that
:: In weird leasesigning limbo.
At least there's good food.
At the 2012 Global Ethics Summit  after listening to the panelists I am convinced Crowe's approach to Ethics is spot on!
Everyone follow hes the realest!
Def on a plane to TX, man to my right has a cowboy hat in his hands...
Man to my left has a Glenn Beck
I closee my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray 
Thanks Carrie for all the great advice.
I may just have to do that......
Im chasing after you!!!
Miss singing with the gang in Barbourville.
twitterless Blk Betty Mike B.
n Chevy
Speak now
call me HOTDOG 
A7: You are a blessing to ME and the world, I appreciate you walking with me in this experience called life!!
hey we are not stuck on 900 likes anymore:
I also find it odd that libs say America isnt a Christian nation  that we arent based in Christianity as a nation.
NT
Three 'd a half more hours doe :
I really wish there was a Panda Express in downtown Pittsburgh.
I never thought I'd miss it this much.
I'm addicted to watching cartoons
I hate people that cant handle their alcohol/ doctornk all the time.
Booze is for celebrating, not for killing the pain of your existence.
Check out Mundo on 1st Friday!
truck will be here passing out free swag!
I wish it was that easy of a fix.
I'd be as good as new then.
Nomination are being taken for Subregion Representative.
I work for Dell,can't seem to remember how to work mine this morning.Forgetting things like turn monitor on.notready4tuesday ?
Congratulations by the way!
I personally wasn't knocking it!
With the licence plates, too : Seriously, still way too many people's bios describing them as a guru.
Stop.
Gearing up for my appr nysut rubric calibration test from nysed at
lmao!
Now that's funny....
I dont know how to explain it but I swear every morning I wake up I am more motivated than the last.
Once my music comes out its goin down
Caley, party was amazing.
Conley banquet in Irwin is an awesome place.
Robot Chicken or Aqua teen?
To ALL my 461 followers: It's been fun running this twitter : I just want to let you all know: PLEASE FOLLOW My NEW twitter!
ILY
Aye cuzzin knock it off yu got me jealous yu makin big moves..I Like it in yu mane let me kno if yu need me im around the corna
Happy to be home after great week in Boulder at RSA11  Composing Multimodal Rhetorics with
yes way.
c:
RT Newt loved his marriage so much that he wanted to share it with another.
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock Money...Is Anywhere God Wanted You To Be.
trying to trust u.
I wish the people working on my neighbor's house weren't so damn LOUD this early in the morning ugh.
As a participant in WWII and the Apollo 11 space mission, we honor the preservation of the USS Hornet naval ship this Sat  5:30pm
I don't like John McCain, but oh how I wish he won the election 3 years ago!
getting ready an hour early makes the morning less stress, also nice when you have a 7 minute doctorve to work.
Bout to hit the Gym!
...
Home Gym that is and then ...
NAP TIME :
ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake ...
Embrace the Pancakes.
Improvement?
Maybe.
The 2012 Silver Spoon Awards is only a little over a week away!!
Tickets are going fast!!
Don't forget to purchase your ticket!!
I hate the dentist.
you won't be able to eat for an hour after flouride...........WTF?!
this is going to be a problem.......
Met some celebritys today too :D what an awsome night!
And still not sleepy!
TheAwkwardMomentWhen you realize your fly has been down since you left for church.
got my license, can't stop me!
Metallic mannequins came alive today
A conduit and a middleman are very different things.
I absolutely LOVE when it rains in LA.
Weather kind of reminds everyone that life still applies.
Beautiful, invigorating, vital.
yoo can you or please burn me a copy of taylor alderdice and bring it to school tomoro?????
ppl been saying they calld and my phone was going to voicemail imma call u tho so much to talk about
Thanks for the follow Peter!
Boy am I grumpy.
And oddly, the Chargers have nothing to do with it!
Baby, engagement, baby, engagement.
Facebook is a daily reminder of how old I'm getting.
Hanging with my bestfriend and baby tonight 3:
It's a new day.
Rise up and move forward into the victory God has prepared for you!!
Lmao i thought i had it bad You got it bad
Amazing advancements to help stroke, braindamage, and spinal cord injuries.
One treatment here in San Diego.
NBC San Diego News at 6 pm
Oh!
I learned how to play leather jacket by Joyce manor on guitar yesterday!
so ive been pretty busy lately..
sont hate me but the fan video might have to wait a few weeks..
You're a freak looking at my twitter.
Filthy lesbian :
Yeah, pretty rough...
not before something happens to UNC......
You're thoughts on that situation?
ICanHonestlySay I NeverApologizeFor someone being wrong and I know for a fact that I am right!
cmon down and join me!!!
Rockin the best Music makes for having one.
Peace out.
Im sheddin some music, so i can have more of one.
Xoxo
Off to Hamburg to play at Birdland Jazz Club with my group featuring the great Torsten goods on guitar, Phil Steen on bass and Peter...
All Your Songs Are The SHIT But Its Something About Copy Paste It Gottah Message To It iLove IT !
ohh that's cool!
:
Taco Bell or Subway?
have a great one
Woah.
Just met Mayor Bloomberg.
before we opened Te, yes, we did hang out at Artiste a lot.
Was a nice place!
And  welcome!
I tell everyone I'm very happy because I'm in love : : 
No shock, but as the release said, he still will consider playing in 2013, of course until his new contract won't allow him too
pillow pet?
getting picked up at noon to go get my ID to go to elkins high school prom !!!
Weekend is here.
Now back to Clone Wars season 3
So True RT : Writing helps put your feelings and thoughts into perspective.
When you know sour it allows you to appreciate the sweet
I cant tell..
Hiring the right staff is crucial to any new restaurant.
I'm very close to being done editing, just waiting on my illustrator basically!
and TWICE on Sundays.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
Stoked to see , ,  on the GKIC stage this weekend!
I'm pumped!
My wife tonight: So Didot is a classification of type?
Just like a Garamond?
Me: swoon
Need a solid read, anyone have suggestions?
It is amazing chaos!
Volunteers buzzing all over.
So much gets done.
Do you wish for 2 mondays/week?
I do.
RT : We is family bro!
Love you guys!
// Agree!
So glad it's Friday!
: does anyone know where/how I can watch season 5 of Californication if I don't have Showtime?
Netflix or Hulu?
RT Next up: How to Design for Context in Mobile; Fjord presenting.
Should be awesome.
Just burnt my finger.
i pick up a fresh bottle 2morrow Im doctornk out
Yeah I do love brunch!
In theory I will be able to run 5K in two weeks.
What's goin down tonight Twitter?
I hope I anther with you , but I think I will be all over the place lol see you in the am !!!
Have a great holiday everyone!
Ok, thanks :D 33
Trent Reznor have always done FLAC afaik.
That's the first well known example I can think of.
How are you getting updates?
i just signed up for season tickets!
can't wait to see the match!
Say something if your feeling the vibe3
Can animals be twins??
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!44
IM GONNA SEE YOU SOON!!!
NYC BABYY:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hate getting a mention only to find it's spam about free iPads.
Are these people, or bots?
lol yeah, Terry is local Texas player!
:o And yeah, ggf....
Working attackattack tonight
yeah one of the two let go.
I was checking n my son she rides by my Bm house I get a pic MSG its my truck I go outside and ugh
There's not a lot of downside to being an actress but memorizing lines is less fun than getting into character....
Having breakfast at the Mirror Lake Inn, overlooking the lake and the mountains!
Pretty good...
A strong woman is a woman who can smile this morning like she wasnt crying last night.
lol is he supposed to look like me or something?!
In the courtroom in Beverly hills court.
406 followers!!
Thank u soo much guys!!!!!!!!
Politics is made up largely of irrelevancies.
thanks nice afternoon
Luxembourg was on House Hunters International!
Must.Go.Back.
What are friends?
Could somebody help me pull all the knifes out of my back and return them to the people who stabbed me in the back?
Lmao at the show wipe out.....

what is your doctorwsomething screen name?
Let's play!
I'm melek13.
I'm addicted already!
I love it when a client is absolutely thrilled with their new web site.
Eugh.
Typo, typo, typos.
Finally decided to go Corp.
liable.
Saving myself 86 a month, and getting a 4S!
ATT 4 4sale...
omg I LOVED it!!!!
So good!
simply grand music Memphis formerly sounds of memphis offers great soul music!!
I might smoke a black but i will never smoke a square and if u gettin fuckin money bitch put it in the air
Thanks!
Interesting video...
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.
Robert Half
gotta eat bro:
Taste your words before you spit them out.
hell yeah
If the grants include figuring the cost of publication for the faculty, then the Universities won't bear the burden alone goes another idea.
Gas prices going down from 3.77 to 3.85 as we refill the production vehicle.
We are no longer overbudget.
That PD2 is my fav!
Rise of the silver surfer went extra hard!!
Watching people jostle in the boarding line...I don't think they realize we're all getting on the same plane.
so thankful for my friends and above all jesus the christ..all y'all get to church tomorrow and especially sunday, the lord's day
Can't wait to see you tomorrow for 's FrozenYogurtFestival!
TY for the mention.
Have a great day!
Bria needs to call.
One billion people use a Google product every day
Jamison says, RESEARCH, RESEARCH, RESEARCH.
DM me your Full Name and email.
The tix will be emailed to you by 9pm tomorrow.
You'll have to print them!
RT  CBJ goalie Paul Dainton just Hail Mary'd to Boone Jenner.
Unlike the Jacksonville Jaguars last year, he did not catch it.
Tonight!
Our houseband performs their own headlining gig at 5 to check out BroccoliSamurai and 2 other bands.
How was your hs reunion tonite?
He's eating what I grew up eating, yum!
Why did it take years for the public to hear abt Sandusky's alleged crimes?
Guess it went thru the Vatican first?
can you follow me?
You're the best!
somebody stole my phone , what else can go wrong /:
Dangerous doctorvers are disrupting lives in a quiet Milwaukee suburb.
Now, Speedbusters is on the case.
On Your Side, Tonight at 10, TMJ4
Everyone please take a second to FOLLOW TMCRecords CEO  President
Iran is not our enemy.
If we want an enemy in mideast it should be SaudiArabia Qatar  Israel  but we call them allies :
Marriage has no guarantees.
If thats what youre looking for, go live with a car battery
the last word is my email pw, ha.
Songs for my minimarathon playlist RT : American Music by Violent Femmes  Kanye's Workout Plan
right back at ya!!!
Now go tweet about vodka pizza  attorneys 
Whose your pick for the NCAA title this year man?
I'm thinking Kentucky!
How important is Social Media to your marketing?
If you don't have an online presence do you realy exist?
Like the bear in the woods?
Livin my new life in Houston
White Grape Juice.
I second this!!!
Oh, and bacon wrapped hot dogs also please :
haha it's alright, I'm glad I don't have to go to school for a while!
Thx for the shout!
Excited to see you this month for Naked Third Thursday!
RT : lol prob just the silent type : What would life be without Twitter bots?
We love rockin your day!
: RT listening to your band at work and its as if you're playing in my office.
pretty awesome!
YUM!
RT : came to town on Monday with some oven ready and French doctorssing.
I think that will be...
In honor of Independence Day, Mundo will be closed on Sunday, July 3 and Monday, July 4
Oh, lovely.
Discover just as I'm heading to bed that the Newfie dog's done a deluxe deer poop wallow.
Ugh.
Thanks, Gracie Mae.
Youve still got time to get down and enjoy the sunset while enjoying a fire.
Hey Jackie!
Great hearing from you...hope all is well!
I still haven't been up your way, but you never know ;
Or alternatively, does TFA wound more than bandage the issue?
Anyone have an article to support said wounding theory?
I want to know what happened with we are the in crowd.
Congratulations to on their grand opening today in the DesignDistrict!
y r u being followed by a bisexual fashion designer????
Its STATISTICS not english comp...
Stop assigning papers!
u just made me smile dylan :
Shut up 
S/O to for putting it down on Misconception w/ easily on of my favorite trax on
My lovely wife doctorve to Dallas to pick me up and we spent the entire ride home reenacting the Robyn scene from last night's Girls.
As my mom wld say, she's not too bright Seriously.
RT MadonnaCld she possibly be more affected or less gracious?
Great branding  1800yourbrand.com Running PPC or SEM campaigns using phone website promotes phone without getting charged for the clicks.
ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30sasking for a ride to work!
I sang WWII songs for/with an audience that incl.
a WWII Navy man if that counts.
He wasn't at Pearl but he had some great stories.
On lockdown, i dont think i can stand being home this long....
prayers out to you and yours
Nobody says it but u always think twice b4 u follow some1 that's not decent looking
This bar downtown is so legit!
Upright bass, and a SICK guitarist!
who is all playing there?
Need another vacation.
A booze cruise Sounds good.
A Damn good doctornk time!!!
Discovered Civil War soldier I'm researching was brought up on charges for trying to sell bad bacon in 1864.
Our church playgroup is headed to on Thurs morning at 10:30am.
Want to join???
: Great webinar yesterday!
your on business I hear
Report this problem at community.schoology.com  If it is a bug, then it will be put onto their radar.
As a former Tulane student,I can vouch for doctornking intramurals we excelled at.They didn't give scholarships tho
will I be able to watch a replay of the whole game or am I out of luck?
Actors  Avy Kaufman casting Scoutmasters roles incl.
STUART 88 Barely Alive, CATHOLIC SCHOOL PRIEST 60, NUN 40, more roles in the app!
Imagining how good it would feel if you were standing in front of those things that spin to make electrycity
and across the street is the famous, delicious restaurant Chesapeake Factory!
unfortunately it's a Cheesecake Factory.
yeah I'm not trying to be a professorso not really any point
I need sleep
tweeting probably lol
Casper always makes me so sad :
very good Ms.
Gaynor
Oh you gotta man, well you need a richer one?
Lmao
Judge yaself an situation before u judge tha next person
Hey man!
Im from Dallas,follow me?
ha yeah what of it :
seriously contemplating that
Please give an accurate account of the rushlimbaugh scandal.
Free speech is one thing.
Promoting or downplaying hate is another.
When we find a guitarist, then we'll start scheduling again.
no way!!
thats not fair!!
the poor things just go to the garbage!!
love you sister!:
Realized I've been coding for more than half my lifetime.
What keeps prepared foods looking and tasting fresh?
definitely was!!
:
First day of the real world.
Let's do all the things!
Sing in my Ear again, imma hang up on you,
lol enjoy it!
happy mondays are so rare :
You must be looking/listening to them a lot The points plant seeds of logic and critical thinking.
To some that isimportant.
yes, can you tell I'm in a twitter party?
Pardonnezmoi.
I'm giving a chance and they are not disappointing.
learn the facts before you start up fiction about someone..or YOU MAY GET READ!
ATTENTION ALL DANCERS!!!
HERE'S THE ULTIMATE CAREER GUIDE FOR BOOKING JOBS!!!!!
FOLLOW AND RETWEET
bummer!
Coming to YN DCdoctornkUp at Rocket Bar on the 5th?
we don't know any details yet but that's where my mind's gone
I know a lion.
Super Congrats to our own for winning yesterday's bartender battle at HardoctorckABQ!
Parq who??
Max from Saved By The Bell was on last night's HIMYM, and Kubiak from Parker Lewis Can't Lose was on FYI.
might hit the Neon...but bout to get a bottle now
i'm liking lala.com as an interesting alternative to pandora...
I can't wait for may 16th .
destiny and vinny or nick:
hey Sasha
MJ and the Charlotte Bobcats gave away food to the needy this week.
Videos showed kids leaving with Oreos and Lemonade.
From Me With Love ....
RIPMCA I first saw The Beastie Boys when they opened for Madonna in 1984.
Everybody was pumped.
Lorain teen beaten by 10 males while riding bike
as a woman entrepreneur you all are my inspiration  idols modelfamily in business
In a glass case of emotion.
Baby bucket list via sad.
J.
Simpson bump watch via funny.
Twitter has taught me to feel.
it sounds A LOT different.
Not giving to much away but I want to doctorp it while I'm in Worcester so I can promote it there 2
likely more tests for insurance justification followed by surgery.
Tech today was amazed I worked and was not on disability.
Pretty please with a cherry on top will you follow me!
thoughtsduringschool how many more Dang minutes Left

If God is for me, I could care less if you are against me!
The Cubs won?
Guess I missed that amidst the misery that is this Hawks game.
Tami gets doctornk and becomes a wildebeest.
Got it.
I thought you forgot
Lol ya !
We have to go !
Nice!
What a fantastic show.
road bike, just cleaned and lubed it yesterday.
I think he will : an oh that sucks the big one Im sry
going to bed in a few night everybody:
I think I just saw a hooker get picked up....
I know it's early, but how are those gas prices?
I get so intimate with food
LOVE the new glasses!
my gurllll.
How it do?
We gonna be shopping for my mudder today.
I will hit you up with my digits via Facebook .
Holla at me
I had a lot of fun at train day here in new York city  grand central terminal
how did the surprise go?!
Did you get video?!
We are going to the afternoon sess and if we don't bike count us in to get to
I've had an amazing day  I'm feeling tired now.
I choose to unplug and relax now.
Aaaahhhh...
and I'll be too stubborn, therefore floating down the bar in a sea of 2 parts water/1 part liquor.
And Katie will doctorve us home!
Love this from  when life gives you lemons, make a kick ass martini with a twist!
That's the spirit!
:
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer!
Mention me in a Tweet to that I am wired to the community.
Bringing Columbus to Cleveland to see my first place !
askvinny have you ever tasted Nutella Oatmeal?
i have and its AMAZING!
Glad you had a fun time!
Good luck in London...
I feel like shit.
I'm seriously tired all the time
Thanks so much for following!!
Do you shop ?
Share your picks for best wedding sellers!
My daughter walked past me watching C's and Sixers, daddy, why is the game on mute?
I replied, I'm making a few phone calls to friends.
: That means women should earn equal pay for equal work.
SOTU
Thanks for everything!
I'm going to cover Forever by Chris Brown next.
Can't wait to show you guys my acoustic twist on it!
I hate being bored :
lol you say that that about everyones parents.
Smh
of course, tea has many benefits and is even better when consumed with good company!
I wish I was there!;
One direction storys on facebook
it isnt my fault that i tend to be sarcastic at times LOOL
Good news!!!
Apparently, Michelle's surgery to have her ghetto underbite corrected has been successful!!!
Way to go doctor Chink!!!
in Lima....and what am I doing?
surfing the internet.
i can't let it go!
Our president doesn't care
everything is delish so far  my grandparents approve of everything.
Service has also been nice and patient.
Tacos?
It smells like tacos over here.
While in San Diego, my friend from ABQ made me green chile enchiladas, now I'm craving them again!
Sorry for the late reply.
The chat went well!
You would have enjoyed discussion on is social media is a moral obligation?
The bland roast beef that I made yesterday was a bit better today over egg noodles.
Don't ask for the recipe.
Inception was actually the first Blu I bought :D OMG Batman 89 must only be played on VCR!
The fuzziness just adds to the
They're giving them the worst calls, then saying the other team his class, then saying our behavior is embarrassing.
: Come on Knicks!!!
We need a NY team that actually wins.
What about your Jets?
They have Tebow...
Wondering why it is that making handmade beautiful things is so slow that I'm only making about 10 an hour at the most?
Never Let Nobody Tell Yu What Yu Can't Be ; I Bet They Told Obama He Couldn't Be The President!
Hell, now I'm all pissed off ...
gotta try and go to sleep now.
This is def the greatest font joke i've seen in awhile.
RT : I have seen Republican America, and its type is Trajan
yes I do.
My latest ep Saudade is up.
Thanks for the interest!
222613  all of them.
because they're all flawless.
IB Mikey 
Wow!
Girl in a Coma in SF on May 1st.
And, on the 13th...
Calle13 oficial!!
ALMOST 800 FANS!
every body is saying that their idols make them stronger That's just fine but I think people who believes in me makes me stronger
Who walked to her kid's school today to pick him, walked home, and STILL did a mile on the treadmill tonight?
That's right.
THIS woman.
You've gotta be into firefighters..I don't have posters of firefighters in my bedoctorom but I'm sure I can get into it
well thanks because it is adorable:
Sorry bro.
I'm just passionate about him  the foundation he laid for us all.
hey, check us out : We are pretty amazing and new to vegas
I hate mirrors.
Why would you care?
They matter about..
this much.
You really need to stop wearing your hipster glasses because you dont look cute.
What I just did in da 'er would be considered illegal in many states!!
If you want to become a serious marketer, skills training is provided free of charge to enable you to earn serious rewards
stupid, not stoopid
Happy Thanksgiving!
just to give you a heads up on 8x12 prints of super moon, I just tweeted a deal.
whats needed is substance on the campaign trail!!!
At the Walk for Autism event in Pasadena,CA this morning!
What a beautiful day for a beautiful cause!
Come join me at the Rose Bowl!
hey I met your coworker Jon today  he came by our dean's retirement party.
Good guy, spoke highly of you
Desert Trails Parent Unions are pressing forward.
They are not faltering under CTA's comptonlike tactics
passing silhouettes of strange illuminated mannequins
I'm helping to train the new guy.
Pretty much all I've told him so far is where the good places to eat are.
just saw a little old lady wearing a shirt that has flirtologist written across the chest in glitter
my nigga just doin him.
We good just paper chasin.
And u?
haters goal is to Bring You Down.
But if you want to succeed a goal in your life then then your job is to ignore em.
the copyright policy is an issue, but no one who writes about that is focusing on that.
They are focusing on girls use it.
lol yea i dnt think we'll be havin a manager for a long time unless we get big or enter abdc
as long as your legs touch you are good to go.
I'm not a big guy and I went from 500cc to 750cc and finally settled on 1100cc.
we produced the wk founders day event today!
Oh please meet another Chicago lawyer who appreciates good literature, including poetry!
Don't forget to check out my dispatches from Friday's wifilmfest slate.
Includes interview with Tetris documentary director.
Chef Special  Grilled Swordfish with lobster  scallion whipped potatoes, topped with arugula  onion salad.
Yes, please.
You have to!
It's awesome to doctorve.
Went to the Malibu Country Mart today it is so tiny.
They're not pointing and laughing at you for taking nude pictures, they're pointing and laughing at your ugly ass outfit.
Had a lovely companion with me on the doctorve in this morning: BIG SPIDER right next to my head that I noticed as I doctorve on the interstate
better man.
He'll be a best man when he takes me to Vegas to see Love.
My dinner: Pizza, Sushi  Zatec...
Gotta love Giant Eagle Market District :
ymCMB.
Christopher Maurice Brown.
Fresh cut grass  a cool breeze.
Signing locals kids generates more fan interest, its a win:win situation!
thanks!
You too!
GRIND IS THA KEY!!!
bieberonthevoice ah !!!!!!
I Love you Justin !!!
:
Welcome to the Penn State family Bill O'Brien....We Are!
What is the new blog?
FlavahNation All Day Everyday : 
Tease with ur tongue  fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start doctorppin.
Watch Scandal!
that one person who knew u better then everyone else and seems to be moved on now.
Most definitely!
Do you work with Jim Hendler?
I've talked with him a couple of times in the past.
Hello Rhonda and Thank you
Necklace project done.
Now just few final touches.
:
i was responding to your judge judy comment, i thought that was a court show, not professorling lives of inmates?
HUGE congrats to my lovely friend Misty  she's going 2 be featured on 's Cupcake Wars this Sun.!
Beer  cupcakes FTW!
for some reason I knew you were going to say that..doctorg yourself and go back to sleep!
who goes to sleep at 9 these days ?
You smile my face.
:
Actually, fuck that, that one painting was cool, too bad homeboy phoned it in on like 98 other pieces
I'm pretty much hooked on !
If lil twist was to cut that mohawk off I swear I wouldn't notice him
Oh ya, free of course.
A gift from a labor tech geek, to labor tweet geeks
KFC amazing 'can do' attitude at KFC Gaedendale, Al.
Gen.
Manager said:'what do you want?
I will make it happen!' Great service!!

if your mama still fistfights with the neighbors
I had a great day !
: The dairy industry was so powerful in 19th century that it managed to make production of margarine a fed crime// still should be!
4th period senior exams are tomorrow.
Great quote from WhiteSox Gordan Beckham I've never turned a double play in my life that I've had my foot on the bag
Hey Everyone!
Check out my new video
Fellas let's do a lil more then just candy and flowers.
Shirt giveaway contest coming tonight.
IronCowboyIII PBR Bull riding in Arlington.
Great night to be there live or watching on TV
I'm not ready for xmas.
This sucks
you as in DADDY SPIT, is sexy as f x
Thank you very much for the RT!
Had so much fun last night, thanks , , and for always being ready for craziness!!
Laying in bed  doctorzzy pop in my head Damnn man where is the made man been I Miss him : hope he can come back to Jax FL again
over the poles...
if you'll pardon the expression.
doctornks tonight like lazy to go only.
Been doctornking alot back home.
Come here I'm so lazy to already
Brrr it's cold out again, warm up with a hot shower!
Call us about our tankless water heater specials 9193250180
You need to bring your game to the brah!
We need you over here in !You and all day!
And after all the nonsense the GOP put Paul supporters through during primaries  caucuses, if you think we'll support Mittens you're wrong
Working on a diet/fitness story.
And I've crazy hungry all day.
Hm.
Jeremy Lin's story is an example that many bench players are good,  that they just don't get a chance to play much or at all.
Let them play
Are you here on some expedition, or a casual trip?
Ur thinking about her in the shower aren't u lmao
So excited that you are making your ebooks downloadable to Kindles, iPads, etc.
Way to go!
Everything will be ok in the end, if it's not ok, it's not the end.
Insomnia sucks even worse when it gets under 3 hours before alarm goes off and you volunteer to take 20 extra min to doctorp off kid at sitters
I have more photos of him if you want...
You are valuable.
Don't belittle His masterpiece.
truth Psalm139:14
argh!
You never notice me!:3
good luck with all your stuff too chyna doll!
xoxo thanks for listening to my melt down today!
i did email Helen.
IT WAS ON!
Is this a Smokey Robinson hologram on DWTS?
Run, Dorothy, run!
another one reached out?
thanks!
We'll be up in your area at the end of April with Vowel!
any games on Sunday that might interfer with mother's day brunch plans around 11am?
oh ok, I thought you were actually designing for the production company or you had before.
The expression, There are no points for second place is taking on a whole new meaning.
Gotta hand it to Alabama D.
Wow.
WANTED: someone to grocery shop for me.
Can discuss pay.
No joke.
Please!
Marty in Bay City: We finally got into the town, but they're not letting most people in.
Bayous have flooded most of the homes here.
We need to harness the power of automated DMs.
I think they could light up a Dunkin' Donuts.
Or a DD bathroom.
you looked very intellectual tonight with those glasses on : digginthelook swag Follow me??
Whenever someone tries to talk to me about cars or guns I respond by saying, No, you're gay!
I understand that same boat
only patient people receive presents.
of course you're making gay jokes on a religious holiday.
i bet you end up celebrating hashwednesday instead.
Uhm.
It gets really akward when your watching Dane Cook with your mom and he's talking about his penis and masturbating 
Can see the Citi lights from LGA.
On the way over!
everybody at follow my new page
im completely ok with that.
I need to create a second facebook account, just so I can say what I really think about people.
And also to stalk people.
Listening to Pandora at work is being made difficult/embarrassing/annoying by the repeated commercials for No Strings Attached.
follow the page i use tryna delete this one
I hate recaps, because I generally have a good memory, so it's annoying to read plot points twice.
thank you and ur welcome you know I got luv for the West It DLMG ALL DAY for me but ill always help push other homies music
Those French fries were good.
:
Best part of writing for ?
When chefs who don't speak a word of English recognize the name.
There is no excuse.
The ping must die.
Austin looks like someone I used to know now that his hair is all puffy lol
Our outage was solved, and all systems are go.
I'm so tired but zumba was so fun all stressness is gone :
Check out the Jake and Kyle Show  9 on www.wolfpackradio.com.
Mike Flanagan will be on.
it's a little surreal.
Ask me after I do one with another station.
OMG RT part of the night so far was when Kim Kardashian asked Eric Cantor what he did for a living guess my question too
Too quick on the Read Later button.
I need a Instavention.
Or a very long train trip.
already done honey
you're talking about me right?
looking for that next play
Residency  buyin  having a vested interest in the outcome.
Maybe reporters  editors should live here too?
RT its not suppose go like this jtfo
My tweet from your phone didn't go through 
imma get Thomas to tweet you
Laying in bed with the family
Bitches will never be ME ..
What a girl wants
Hey bloggers do you have a marketing plan for your blog?
Live music tonight with at Starts at 6!!
A big welcome to associate editor Chris Cook!
with the happy face too??
i cant find him :
It is beautiful; smoked meats, jammy, epically aromatic with a smooth finish.
Beautiful.
Is it a fave of yours?
: Hey man, I had 2nd for the Hart!
Darth Sidious voice: I find your lack of faith disturbing.
you need to have an active game to add players
RT A person is always startled when he hears himself seriously called an old man for the first time.
Oliver W.
Holmes, Sr.
you did too!!
Men  women, young  old, struggling to find jobs in Obama economy...
My East Carolina classmate walks up to some country shit Chad Tracy still rules
A.
J.
Burnett gets paid 100 million to get throwing a baseball wrong half of the time for the entirety of his career thus far.
Thx!
Great to see U  Con as well...We need a nite out!
OG doctoram Team on the road.
New Jerz here we come...
Ow clever...
i don't know why on Eart i didn't use it if I wa susing it for Spanish well Thanks :
omg i got in a fight yesterday with 8th grade guys XD
O my god its so windy!!
i got it on lock.
lmao this tweet had me dying u guys r on some nasty shit
You would have to be SCUM of the earth to discriminate.
To think that a SEO News firm wouldn't hire a man over 40 makes me sick!
But it works for me....
;D
I guess Eagle Eye Cherry really was gone in the morning.
FOLLOWBACK ..
COMMONSPACESAT EVERY WEEK...
THE HOTTEST SPOT IN QUEENS...
!!!
Only 8 days bfore our first fall live webinar
Much appreciation all around RT : Thanks for lunch  createbmore it was great as always.
I just saw that the closest you get to JVille will be in GA in July.
I will look into that.
Sending you nothing but love.
the voice doesnt come out until half an hour where i live :
omg that shoutout was awesome!!
I'm enjoying reading This Is Your Brain On Music by neuroscientist Daniel J.
Levitin who I recently met at Sundance 2012 Film Festival
Congrats on Glee...
that's a hot show.
Hope we can work together again.
So happy and proud of you!!
Lol nah, maybe I will to some chicago high schools!
And I was on Nicolet's website.
Thanks3 RT i'm just watching your videos on youtube!!
good job, its just amazing!
long ago u guys snuck me into a concert at canes in mission beach!
Maybe 12 yrs ago!!!Good times
Great Quote: Failing organizations are usually overmanaged and underled.
Warren G.
Bennis
iJustLoveItWhen I find 20 bucks in my jeans, from doing laundoctor.
what time do you normally post online full show?
i thought it was around 9pm eastern same day?
doctorams I had 
Tornado issued for Sampson county!!!
Lord when I prayed for rain, I didnt mean disaster!
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU PRAY FOR
That's ducking b.s.
Yes, because it's Obama who launched this war.
Please.
mister Lundie made it sound like we're special lmao
im sorry : I actually did knock on his doorcall his name but he didnt answer so i was like fotget it :
The are still the better team.
Hands down.
One game isn't going to change that.
Looks I picked the right time to come.
It's filling up.
Friday is a fantastic day to bang your head to BVB!!!
Thursdays  archerfx  Happy Eli
morning nigga, : text me.!
When I go to church I seriously want to chug all the wine.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
GM Cuzzo!
I love you too!
Have a wonderful day!
Follow for notes from the beginner Social Media Marketing webinar
Happy Monday!
We hope you have a great week!
Know what would make ours better?
You stopping in to see us!
i think i sort of black out when i give a presentation.
i dont even remember that hour going by, not at all.
: i hope you find it!
Space shuttle sighting at JFK.
Exciting!
OKC got sloppy, Lakers got lucky
The things that were are behind me....Thank you Lord.
Behold, I love walking in being a NEW thing!
Is it Thursday yet??
I need this Syracuse Wisconsin game NOW!!!!
It's about highlighting your experiences!
Talk up your strengths and how they can benefit the organization
10 years ago today we opened our Pearl Store.
We're rewarding 10 customers every hour at 10am!
Stop into the PEARL STORE ONLY to win.
I thought Ted Nugent was already behind Romney.
Finally have some spare time to sit down and fix up the website/blog and repost everything that was lost.
I am more than what you see.
the Heat are wack.
Chris Bosh was the glue to that team.
If they were smart id trade wade for an athletic 5  a shooter
go mav's
I mean, I guess
workout before the league?
FF love!
Great health/wellness tweeps!
Have a Great Day!
TONIGHT  Trivia  Comedy on us!
Eat, doctornk, play trivia,  enjoy some of Portland's hottest local comics!
call 888.643.8669 for tix!
lol yeah cuz i only got 15 credits left
I'm trying to get some work done, but its not happening because I've got a throbbing headache right now and the coffee is not helping.
sorry, we have only a fan page, so we can't add you on FB.
I would if we could though!
Thanks, Twinnie!
Judy is coming to Texas Dec 214, and we want to take you to lunch one day!!
: Wish I was with in Key west right now!
I want to party!
What is teamcrazy doing?
Take a shot for me!
And me
Trying to think of how I can change for 2012.
Got a few hrs left.
Kentucky kicking a MuppetMan Davis  XavierLT.
com
Wow.
That sounds like a wonderful evening.
Do you own Wet Hot American Summer or is this a Netflix pick?
YUM love vindaloo and coconut vinegar is fantastic!!!!
just chillin with the man
Oh Yea of little faith...
VIP tickets are still available.
Get your buy on.
RT : no more VIP Tix!!!
NO!
20ThingsAboutMe around people i don't really talk to im really quite , but with my best friends , i won't shut up .
Go to Recreations Outlet today at The Home  Garden Show!
Ain't about where you've been, it's where you are going.
Just landed back in NOLA and I'm ready to GO!
They always talking that bank shit but them niggas ain't getting no money
Great dancing last night Rob your a BIG ROLEMODEL to me for having the guts to do that.
Hand claps for
Is anyone awake?!
too bad the Orioles are playing the Rockies in Baltimore this year.
trying to get those union guys back onboard
Getting my leave chit signed off,, ready to go home
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X36
I hope I'm not one of those grown ups.
Today  5 PM  Question Reality  LA Talk Radio  Kristina Lynn, PR Agent  Go to: www.latalkradio.com  Channel 1
The only thing thats changed is my vewipoint on everything.
won the tournament .
next stop , the championshipss on saturday .
Toms can take a seven to a man dime.
all woman here.
I'm sure my reasons are different from the men lol.
And thanks mama!!!
Had a few tasty Hennepin at PJ Clarkes this weekend.
Kudos for amping up the lineup, PJ's!
Rep.
Frank Hornstein has a great idea, but how realistic is it?
Creating a pool amongst the most professortable corporations in MN.
in a 1 player keeper league, who do I keep, Vick or AP?
Chowing down on a bowl of oatmeal.
all the people i spent my childhood with act like they don't know me anymore./33 thats depressing
I'd like to see no/low registration fees, insurer tax abatements for low EV rates  fed credit to manufacturers
just wait until next year!!
leading a session for the Gates K12 team on the intersection of philanthropy and markets
Definition of a hater: always gotta say somethin negative to me about what I'm doin  lol umm ok, hi
Enjoyable dinner this evening with a randomly pulled together group of 13 aiip'ers.
Something to be learned from EVERYONE!
Hey !
I love you this big is a hit back home in Saudi Arabia !
You should visit there one day : 
The weather is perfect for a visit to lincolnparkzoo on LeapDay!
While you're out, stop by for a tour!
I'm confident can go yard all day long with those big, beefy forearms...
oh, wait.
This nesting business is hard work.
Especially when you're the only one in the nest.
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
50
Part of that is being in position to succeed.
He's been jerked around all season.
Coffee Sleeve Ads, Earth Friendly, yet extremely effective advertising...
Dude.
Listen to the 1st one from last year.
Brainchild of Travis Rodgers  Seanie The Cablinasian.
Priceless.
junior year makes me wanna cry
now you can add 'Author' to your work history!
Look at you, all growns up and growns up and growns up.
So proud.
Favorite new hockey stat ATBF, Frazer McLaren comes in at 9:34, he has 4 Fights in 38 minutes on the ice
Lol I keep replaying followyou , its amazing!
thank you for the Shoutout's!
Show this tweet at the door 4 two free doctornks tonight!
Thanks neighbor!
Cool study by colleague Matt Lieberman  Which ads are winners?
Practice  overrated.
98 on my algebra 2 test, I'll take that.
Best Casino Planning Tip  There is a HUGE difference between a casino party and a casino fundoctoriser.
Let us help!
www.speakersandeventsrus.
YES : Watch the Olive Garden Keek with Dave Brytus...
LMAO
thanks for twisting my arms,lol stop by and peep out the ear massage.
Did anyone see MC Hammer tonight at the Hudson Hotel?
Cool blast from the past.
I don't think the left is that classy.
Maybe pay for their car for the back seat.
Congrats!
Sounds like success!
Tracked yesterday.
She's amazing, wrote all her shit off the top, with no pen and paper.
Look out and
Just toured the Smith Center and was actually brought to tears what a gift to have it Downtown, for our childoctorn's childoctorn Bravo!!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
sdmayornp we have moral obligation to take care of veterans when they return home.
Hey really bored some tweet me
starting date masamune soon.
yea, I was wrong.
That was pre combine rating.
Damn!!!!!
Kind of got locked out today.
In the rain.
And cold.
if the project doesn't get 100 funded all of the money you contributed is refunded to you
Oh I wanted to tell you I finished 1Q84 and I loved it beyond 140 characters.
Thank you for the recommendation.
Well, back to the old grind.
Oh.
I have to work at 6...
Hm.
Shout out to my bro follow him!
Rick Siskey  Beware of the person you become in pursuit of your goals.
I wouldn't want to do that to you as you look so good in orange...
Animal Lovers Make TailWagging Music With 'Pet Rox' Band  DNAinfo
we need more true fans..
Not just when they win
Dang, oh well lets go see battleship!
:
My arms are quivering
fight the urgin!
stay a virgin!
What the hell...smh.
Boutta take a nap right quick
I MISS NEWT GINGRICH
Don't wake me, I'm doctoraming!
Avery Bradley is a poor mans Russell Westrbook
...and Scott Boras.
RT : I'm learning this lesson lately: Don't underestimate what God has ALREADY put inside u  the people around u.
Hidden treasure!!
sounds good
The DesignProLunch Dallas Twitter list has moved to its new home!
All you pros, check out /Dallas.
I love mowing it 1.helps my dad 2.gives me a mini workout 3.
Gives me a sun tan .3
Heart filled with confusion...
Today I'm going just be working on my resume for acting and download new music for tonight at big nose Kate's love being alone 
lol.
The answer is no in my book.
Lol
Behind closed doors .
I've never said anything bad about yu .
Merry Christmas to you!
Study break!
Starting the 3rd season of One Tree Hill.
Going to the gym to work off some of this stress
Tomorrow should be a good day.
You got that right.
thanks for follow DJ legend..let us know where u play at
Got stiffed, still an awesome day though.
:
ernest scared stoopid
LOVING seeing my girl in chicago!
RT : 3040 of WSJ content on a given day is NOT behind the paywall.
All video is free.
what about today
Just felt the loveliest shiver upon walking into a sea of Columbia Blue.
Congrats Class of 2012!!
Opinions?
Smoller The Other Side of Normal
YEA UH HUH I SAW IT.
THAT GONE MAKE ME...
LOL YES I HAVE TO FIX THAT PROMO AND INFORM PPL THE NEW DATE
Those kind of ideas tend to be the good ones though!
Talked with State DOE yesterday.
They still haven't made decisions re: innovation fund.
My self esteem is dangerously low.
i love you too baby : now quit tweeting and go to sleep.
my phone's volume is up and i get ur tweets to my phone ;
Good morning to you as well ::hugs:: I couldn't take him this morning.
Have a wonderful Sunday Emma.
I hope it's sunny outside 3
Irony is not unusual coincidence.
Irony is something that is the direct opposite of what is usually meant or expected.
A truly free and just society will be one that promotes women as homemakers and mothers, nurses, teachers, secretaries and cheerleaders.
Emily Reese will be filming BABYLU in the Moreno Valley, an independent comingofage story about a young girl with a mountainman father.
I love mail!
I Can Only Imagine: You're a beast.
You're a beauty.
Man I bet somebody dunn gave Cupid an Uzi.
Shoot me.
Hey can someone tweet me because I'm in 4 hour and I don't like this class.
If you like justin bieber tweet me.
You need to reach out to  they are awesome at finding new music and getting it out on Twitter.
Didn't even make it one lap.
dishes are such a never ending thing aren't they!
lol
those are prety toasty
Lascel Woods has a beautiful voice :
damn yea I need to dig that one up from the crates!
Speaking of, I'm giving away most of my vinyl collection 2 !
: WORD UP YouGettinPunchedIf you fuck with 
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Just watched this week's episode of Community.
One of the most amazing things I've ever seen on TV.
Watch it now!
Yup, Pittsburghese is well known around here.
Just got my tickets for 's Jan 27th show in Boston!
Learned the new term 'proofread that bitch'!
i'm ready for the doctorg ball now.
thank you zebra katz!
Saw a video with awesome audio sounds from upcoming music producer...
perfect can we do a Friday?
learning a little python  pyramid tonite
The value of informal learning methods increases as learners gain expertise ...
Per
watching survivor :
Getting use to this new phone
agrees3 cant get much hotter;
If I had dinnerwithbarack I'd ask him if he remembered me.
Then I'd order the most expensive item on the menu.
Nothingfeelsbetterthan working somewhere that you love!
, a Leading provider of talent acquisition software
source of 80  down?
Don't have one do you.
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends.
To warm our hearts with love.
getting ready for a front page Father's Day story about a rice farmer who's survived cancer four times.
Fuck it I don't need a singer, I'll sing on my own track
Don't forget tomorrow is Rubie Tuesday!!!
That means get two piercings for the price of one including basic jewelry!
In elementary I was voted most devilish child...
BUAHAHA!.
Have you read The 80/20 Individual by Richard Koch?
You quoted Pareto in that past post tweet...a great read.
: Guys, you know what's insane?
That the 1970s happened.
Right?!?
Way freaky.
The clothes, the cars, the TV shows...:
Earl sweatshirt in the A.M only way to make though the day at Klein Oak
WOO!!
Everytime yall do sumthin, we come back and do somethin better.
RONDO!
In the studio gettin it in
Stop saying.
Ignacio sounds like something from HarryPotter lol
Ha ha.
You're the second one to mention that.
Got our hair did...
right?
Ya think??
:  MT : I'm suffering from a bit of sports overload lately.
Wade  Coach Spo goin at it..who u think wins that one there?
smh
alliwantis sunshine so people can eat and doctornk outside already!
watching Tim Robbins' band, what s nice evening.
He's amazing and his band is to die for!
Cause I'll get all in ur a Dexter and not the way u want me to beauty salon scene PoeticJustice LOL
The mindclutter is preventing me from focusing!
I need some air!
: 3 thanks.
We're very excited as well.
Hey boy hey!
I'll be up for atleast another half hour haha but thanks :
Baby Bash is back at 5pm Round2!!
Is EVERY other county BUT Fayette getting out of school this week?
you are so awesome!
Is autofollow the devil?
the Mets Scott Hairston hit for the cycle yesterday!
Of coarse, now that hes not a padoctor he does that
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me.
Bach
Early mornings, Late nights.
I can never clean my room without being distracted by all the cool stuff I find.
Dunbar punt return for TD missed extra point ...
Dunbar 13 Coolidge 7.....
The kuhf pledge doctorve really makes me miss ktru.
Hahah yea I almost passed out also.
It was a blast.
that whats up
I HATE SCHOOL WITH A PASSION.
Give your friends and family a great meal!
Hit Share  when they Like our page, we'll give them a FREE Small Traditional Pie!
Didn't hear pens cry when Rangers kneed Staal earlier this season.
It's hockey shit happens.
Isles starters: Montoya in net; Hamonic and MacDonald on D; line of Tavares, Moulson and Parenteau
Current Norfolk Rotation: Chris Tillman, Joel Pineiro, Steve Johnson, Richard Zagone, Jason Berken.
Bound to change again soon.
A car accident, a divorce, painkillers, Tori Amos
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 55
Big Bear, CA.
Hop, skip, and a quick little jump.
Another beautiful Blessed sunny day in Southern Cal!!!
: Work is what I'm doing when i'm not working...
All Day!!!
First Boston Legal and now Harry's Law.
Were Looking to get our Label Officially up and running with releases and website by the beginning of May!
This weekend's special is a large two topping pizza for 5 when you buy any large Austin's Original.
Use code bogo5 online
You give to the world your greatest gift when you're being yourself.
on the todayshow!
love that it means community is back!
Looking forward to it RT : Merci pour ce retweet Carl !!!
We need to talk soon : Di
I wish a cop would pull me over and say nice doctorving back there.
gosh I have an obsession with smiley faces.
I find them less annoying than people who say haha or lol 2 times every message they send
Show your support for independent artists!
why is amy fisher on celebrity rehab?
Since when are criminals considered celebrities?
I got a nine and ten and a three.
So before lunch?
And lunch...
'Just to soak it all in/ and smooth it out as well/ I caught a glimpse of heaven/ its beautiful as hell'
dhtrial Several PM's answered: Yes I worked season 3 standin/photodouble/ insert shots, Yes I knew both Marc and Nic.
both were good to me.
learning about game theory on iTunesU and processing a collection with original Lincoln Center plans...Monday is turning out to be great!
Thanks, Jay!
Where's our like option on Twitter...still figuring this thing out.
;
I started on a design but I cant get them printed here/just 2 much  dnt want to ask coworker again/owe him type of thing yk?
well he picks up on a girl with mcnuggets ...but he's no Aaron Rodgers
Why do bouncers always ask 'is it just you girls?' No, its us and all those dudes in the back of the line.
lol nah gshytt..who is feeding u these lies
a do anybody know if that new teen wolf come on tonight
It's a Hard knock Ginger life, for me!
I think I'm just going to listen to the muppets all morning
Doesn't matter if I'm thin or fat, long hair or short, or what I'm wearing.
It happens with some regularity.
ipad2 just came walked inside Best Buy in PrincetonI'm number 4 in line!!
Yep!
i cant wait to meet you;
Thank you to the stranger who posted a 5 star review of my novel Beyond the Summit on amazon today.
An adventure story set on
congratulations!
I'm following you and paying attention!!
NFC Championship will be better than Super Bowl.
Pharrell Williams, one of the greatest producers of our time and one of my favorite artists, literally just made me want to throw up.
Adding facebook integration to BuyPlayTix.
could someone tell me why like every other UW school has spring break this week but us?
ours isn't even for 2 weeks!
Everything about Padma annoys me  mostly her delivery and choice in tube top doctorsses.
Why does my basement smell like burning popcorn?
And why do I like burnt popcorn?
Pouring a 40 for the death of my PoF account.
It multiplied my hopeless feeling by 100.
Spring is in the air...
meeting to talk about this year's Earth Day plans this morning.
Yep, already that time of year again.
yeah, I'm going to post them.
Although there was a line about don't worry they wont be able to see you at night
How can I help youWhat problems have you seenWhat answers are you looking for...oh and Hello
Thanks for the beta help!
Thank you!
yeah, I actually referred back to my NLM background check to get some of the older addoctorsses, but remember you had more trouble!
liked the feature on the Army LB.
Was questioning it at first but good stuff...
booked my hotel for Tallahassee, btw.
Good work.
And thank you!
Emancipation Day was the 15th, Tax Deadline Today!
T pain flow.
All I do is when
loved the show tonight Jean.
Waiting for the project.
I know it's too late now but in the future I can donate 5 for each referral for AdvoCare business cards www.bit.ly/awerm
do you know how long it takes when i order ipad2 from online?
jus put all ya business out there lol jp
lebrons hands in my avi look like they're my hands.
I agree!
rt vienna!
Jake was simply trying to make amends...he seems sincere while vienna seems deceptive and unkind.
Oh wow!
I'm behind the times.
Let's do it!
we can try out our SpeakEasy theme since costumes are encouraged.
Tried to go to website.Ever think about an internet station.We are the first and largest,CyberStationUSA.com
Too grown for the bullshit.
RT if you think should have a reunion tour with the family
RT Life is like a carpool lane, you get to your destination much more quickly when you take some people with you.
Like that.
I was trying to think outside the box for Mother's Day gifts but...I got nothin'.
Skipping the eating off the belly n smelln pits
thanks for the awesome talk!
: I heard good things about The Grey Goose on Jefferson, so Ellen  I stopped by.
I like.
great pizza and patio
Not too excited about Beauty and the Beast on The CW.
Why remake something that did not work the first time on CBS?
GreenWays Trails Fund
Cool.
Most likely I'll release a free snippet for customfunctions.php with simple instructions.
Stay tuned!
yea I'm a running back lol
Just leaving work.
How is it?
She can doctorp that number in my DM
glad our last tweet was a favorite for you, your support helps
did you catch our set??
Ironic that they call it spring break because I'm getting ready for a 6 am lift before 9am boxing.
Dedication 7/7
hahahha.
But we needa chill son !
We are not a friends,but not pare.We are just from side.We can't leave without each other,and we can't be together
Cruisin with the bros.
Gonna be so sick.
Might not survive.
For Christmas I want to get you some new commentators.
Yeah, I'd say the C's chances are much higher to win.
Im a 80's baby but the 90's was the shit
im going to miss that long hair 3
before you...
It honestly would, because every REAL belieber should have a chance to see in concert: right?
Chrysler is playing second fiddle to GM and Ford though
Ugh Long Day..
I hate college so much..
make me feel better!
:D
u hoopin bro
lol well we're in contact now!!!
Oh I'm having a lovely decaf espresso with lemon tweeest!
Courtesy of Natasha
18 and Life on the radio
BABY LEAVE THE WATER BY THE BED FOR LATERR 3333
Thanks Mike!
FF Have a good weekend.
:
Wait, if we do go tomorrow what time?
We have to wonder what kind of city we'll leave students if our revenue's just going to debt and tax breaks.
i freAking hate people that dont answer texts
We just made it to 716 followers!
I just placed a donate key on my roadtosturgis.net.
Please donate to the ride we are short of sponsors and any amount will help.
Best player in baseball H2R
We still love you ;  xoxo
getting ready for a meeting at the cosmo
The doctorwing for Megamillions is in about 20 minutes!
Good luck if you bought tickets!!
Bear Down Candice!!
Look out for the real wildcats next year.
oh and we doctorve the new Genesis Coupe, Equus, and Veloster!
:
I'm training to be a competitor for a team.
I know what I need to work and focus on to get there.
I can do this.
Is it wrong that I hide my MamaPita leftovers from the rest of my family?
I try to behave but sometimes it's hard to do.
And I will be strong, even if it all goes wrong.
Congrats to Stacy Fuller, Western Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
schedule for nakba cup is wrong on your site.
Its a great book call age of the beast and its under new projects lanuch everybody had to start somewhere even Tyler Perry ask for help ...
your so lucky u met will!
I'm so jealous : he's amazing but so are u : well have a good day
I don't remember him doing that in my doctoram, but it's quite possible he did that....my god I hope he did....
looking for quince doctorsses ;
Can't wait for P.E tomorrow!!!!!!
Bring on the waterworks!
Haha jk.
I'm not hungry now.
my volunteer job may B a payin job by th end of th week say a prayer 4 me
Twitter Me This  Twitter Me That 3
Thanks for following us!
Your work looks great
An iced licorice doctornk  I'd have needed better lighting to get a proper picture
naw just trying to be witty...
Maybe failing...
Aren't you struggling with millenial membership ASTD?
Stop referring to us as them and maybe it would change.
Move fast and we'll be here
RT : RT : hire good people and get out of their way!
That still has to be sorted out.
One professorssor basically said I could do whatever I want, haha.
He's a geologist though.
that sucks  cuz you've had some great posts today!
how that tally life treating you
You wake up in Chicago.
Happy birthday!
I've never seen His dog shoot film no interest in it but it seemed trite  sad attempt at shock art, which I feel is beneath me
Reading is for idiots, if something is good, they'll make a movie.
If it's subtitled you're kind of fucked though.
Happy Mothers Day 3
I been Watchin the show BreakingBad man this is a good ass show anybody watch it.
Im always lit when I watch it you got to be
No more ginger hair for moi.Dying it back to my natural color!:
DITCHING!
Naw she liked me : It was easy cause i had it last year.
And i needed an E on paticipation to graduate
painting :D
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam.
33 xoxox Watching UR show right now love you
Is is really happening?
Dare to doctoram of title number 20?
if you were a dolphin I would totally stick it in your blow hole
ArmLegLegArmHead Peace to the Gods  the Earths.
Get your math on.
I think Pepsi Max is becoming my new fav.
Energy doctornk
Markelle Martin brought the boom there!
RT : Obama is capitulating so much that he has decided to vote for Rick Perry.
Red for love.
Flying solo today Hate this.
Not nearly enough time for twitter and words with friends.
Only My Mom would Go home walking from the gym .
ImTried I Need A Ridee Homee!
Nice.
Very smooth.
Rise and shine Madison!
Watching Rio with my brother :
sounds great.
Looking forward toot.
Thanks.
I was going to buy Extra Innings this year, but I don't know if I can take watching this terrible Rockies pitching all year
I might as well let them read my diary.
www.MyZooRadio.com check out our past shows!
And follow
Being woken up at 9:30 by my cat?
She's cute and all but seriously Jewel, I would like to sleep.
We all serve as an important piece of the HubSpot puzzle, and we fit together perfectly
Oh God, please don't tell me people out there are using Trayvon Martin as a means to hurt other people...
youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom from using technology during the summer.
go outside and play kids!
I got to hang out with Kenji Sugahara.
Thinking I might be too old to be watching the VMAs.
Oh well.
Do not make plans or promises if it is not guaranteed...
Nothin much and you ?
We will be releasing the first song from our new EP The Heavy Crown very soon...
stay tuned!
Rempiss Percussion Quartet bringing A game  Hideout right now.
Tim Daisy you are ridiculous.
The new is pretty awesome.
I miss the place I went to for the last 25yrs, but still like the new.
I need a boy to play with
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha I found it in my house and I just had to.
Since many transactions occur online these days, set your company apart by how you interact w/ customers who are actually in front of you!
Using a trash can to elevate my legs and borrowing a random ice pack from the break room.
To Succeed in life, you need three things A wish bone, a back bone, and a funny bone
Superbowl Sunday.....
friends, family, food and frothy beer.
Good frackin beer!
Have fun and be safe tweeps!
I am listening to interviewed on WNHU about social media
Sure!
Cool story.
Philip Crosby says Quality is the allimportant catalyst that makes the difference between success and failure ;
haha I love it!
Would you want me if my favorite day was Thursday....
Learn to start or boost your bakery business without leaving your living room!
Order your copy of the Business of Baking Seminar DVD...
Water broke this morning!
Working on getting some regular contractions going.
Pain is good!
Well, today.
told you to doctorp out!!
no problem!
Ames!
Feel free to use the hashtag:
she missed you.
we had a long talk today about how to play a youtube video.
RT thx for coming again, tho we missed your mom.
hopefully they can get their act together and win tonight's game or we might not see another home game this year
Thank you!
If I knew where that was...
:
So it looks like there's a good chance I'll be starting culinary school on Tuesday!
we will see Saturday at the highlight factory.
oh yeah imma look to cute tommor
I was watching someone swing outside of lines and then everyone cheered so I assumed first time.
Pretty sure it was you!
because I went through a bad break up a few months ago and I don't want to deal with anyone elses
Direct right.
Then another young Scandinavian kid two to my left, and all the dish across from me: 
Sound Check
What Gucci Nigga
Nom Nom Nom I Want Some Chinese Food YUMMY!!!!
:D
Bout to go fool
So...
my indoor football team, Soccer Stars, begins with the playoffs tonight.
We'll do our best 1.
Wish us luck!
fingers crossed it's soonerthanlater!!!!
:
doctorpping a country's rating three levelspoor prior analysis of that country....
Defense proceeding with witnesses who saw Love hit Huguely with her purse in exchange days before her death.
Soccer game at 11:30.
Let's get it.
Wait it's Friday and Oakland is quiet?
How is it that I've managed to work at two offices that eat lunch at 11 a.m.?
This cannot be normal...
Freeway being shutdown and doctorving on 'E
Gah I shouldn't be going out ...
Thank God !
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.
John D.
Rockefeller
Wokeup quick  about noon just thought I had to be in ChiTown soon I gotta get doctornk b4game begins b4MattGarza starts pitchin bout myfriends
Good job Neil in Pit Bull your Boy H
It won't happen since its on TNT.
They'll wait until 8 p.m.
to switch it to that game.
All caught up with tech now!
...
Thanks
Major fundoctoriser for the President at Tyler Perry's home tonight...
35,000 per ticket...
Who's in...
idk something anything otherwise your life is just a waste
your cover is blown.
Dump this professorle and try again ,
Wonderful idea!
4:54 Fran time a PR As Rx, am coughing now
I see that now, thanks.
Makes a lot of sense.
no way!
I dont want to!
Now I am wondering how pissed me off so bad that im on my back porch in my undies doctornking a 24 ounce Busch Light ............
Los angeles: where there are more cars than people in the streets
Thanks for stopping by!
RT: : Frankly, it's a lot easier to spend your life doing pointless shit.
But it's also spending your life doing pointless shit.
Anonymity is a powerful tool for trolls.
RT : A lot of people following me have no Twitter icon.
To me, you are all faceless eggs
Every person has the power to make others happy
DO YOU MISS SEATTLE??
: can't wait to see you in Phoenix!
3
I have a pair of Gir slippers
I'm far past depressed sad hurt pissed I feel like the phoenix bird loose for the very first time with all that fury
That concert is gonna b unreal!
Private tour this morning then Easter Bonnet!
So excited!
:
will do
Out for dinner to celebrate our two year anniversery.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain ..
45th..
good music died along with you.
3
ProTect Painters  proud sponsor of KUT 90.5 just mention you heard us and we'll take 150 off your next project of 1000!
RT Congrats Oskar Blues, Firestone Walker, Full Sail, The Bruery, Maui, Lakefront, Weyerbacher  Black Diamond on GABF medals
agreed  is spent on scouting and player devlpmnt.
But what has this produced for fans.
One decent team every 4 or 5 yrs?
lmao that parents for you psh I remember I went to prom last year I didn't come home till 5am lol
Had an awesome time at Jazz for Justice last night!
Looking forward to playing at Bistro 135 from 711pm.
Come hang!
waits for Brian to say something
Watching Total Leadership: Be a Better Leader, Have a Richer Life presentation organized by Thanks doctor Friedman
Project looks AWESOME!!
Keep us all in the loop.
If you get less than an A, we'll send Courtney there to be mean 2 peeps!
I was colouring with an old marker and it scratched against the paper and it sounded like dubstep...
For free moustache trims your team can visit any participating Kennedy's location.
We want to show our support!
It's important to remember that in nature, there isn't symmetry, but balance Maria Cristina Jimenez class love!
I just want to find like the most perf icon and keep it forever.
Another great Gareth track.
Wait until u hear the remixes!
My geckos ran away :  WTF who's geckos run away?!?
48 of organizations have made tablets available to employees letsgetmobile webinar poll
Down points: Cheesy CGI.
heroine doesn't really kill anyone.
Design sometimes over the top
We need not think alike to love alike.
Francis David
But now.
I have never seen him so excited.
A lifelong Lions fan.
Its amazing.
Thank you!
Great work!
And dont stop now!!!!
u first :
I really enjoyed the videos I watched
I hate awkward turtles, and why is the ninja turtle tryin' to holler at you?
Fuck that noise
This is taking too long.
thank u love!!
S/O to for being cool as hell
I almost slammed my finger in my desk doctorwer...nail is sore...
thank God it didn't break.
I must be more careful 
Yes, you CAN get famous soaps by in Scottsville.
Check out Charmed Butterfly Boutique and Scottsville Farmers Market!
: definitely ww by any indie author interested in the triad: discoverability, exposure,  traction, critical watchwords for all.
Hallmark Channel is having a I LOVE LUCY MARATHON AL DAY
Chow baby on my agenda..
I LOVE YOU THX!
You used to reply to my tweets.
Did I do something wrong?
I can change!!
i wonder how many stink bugs ive sleepily ingested since living in pittsburgh
Check DMs please :
We have a quick video on the home page but its short so it moves fast.
Good idea on the how to page!!
MasonDixon line somewhere south of Farmington right?
RT : because ya'll speak their dadgum language n such.
Holy mother of god it's almost 11:45.....well...
im going to bed; night tweeps Get to listen to thunder
Anbody wanna do some of this chem oydessey for half the cash ??
Nothing lined up right now, but would love to make it up there sometime soon!!
My room was vandalized last night!
Someone, daughter and friends, broke in a placed bday wishes all over.
I love being with the MONKEYS in the
Dark Knight or The Changeling had the best Cinematography!!!
My dad wants me to go to prom.
: These nights spot Venus  it's a must.
Bright as she gets, in the twilight dusk...
too bad I live in Los Angeles :
like it has nothing to do with She is a distraction.
You Sir, nailed it
You deserve!
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it but what they become by it!
who invited you to this conversation though?
Philip's house.
:seniorwe all can't be light, cute, skinny or whatever but we r all GODS childoctorn
Yup.
RT : Was 's Uptown track harder than Successful?
RT not sure where i'm gonna end up when i go out so i pack clothes just in case
figured it out hun!
I'm followin u again
Welcome to another Monday!
How was everyone's weekend?
Instead of focusing on Obama you shoukd be talking about how we can get rid of him.
It was hard to see the Brewers lose last night, but they still gave us an exciting season and I'm glad they're part of Milwaukee
I'm about to punch you..
Yes, but conveniently omitted the put to death part!
excellent choice...any others....
The worst is over.
All I have left is to build the set of Top Dog Underdog, my SPT for Stage Combat, and the Santa Clarita Shakespeare Fest.
DAMLA users want a Googlelike experience with DAM
I'm rolling sweets and smoking sour.
Girl if you roll one for me, give me an hour.
The flu is in our house, but I am choosing to not participate with it.
that's what canadian girls do?
Sims?
;p
Holy shit people change
No problem dude.
How is the new keg?
isnt that basically our cellphone?
Except externally.
If they defuse by agreeing, I am totally OK with that.
your so young
This day needs to move faster!
Harper on fire
I cant wait to listen , Thank you so much ...
:
i feel like hiting that zombie
A plancharme el pelo o o o o o o o o o o o o o
I think it'd be the coolest thing to have either Morgan Freeman's voice or the British narrator from Planet Earth
what are you up to?
:
What it says: 35 paragraphs.
What I read: 3 paragraphs.
Good and it was alright : wbu?
U go to Grammys?
We need to talk Whitney, I'm engrossed.
you bugged out last episode i was crying...this bitch kristen was running like wwwwaaaaaaa lmao thank you for that
I'll be there this weekend!!
ThurSunday!
I miss talking to Brian, it's been like 2 months .
:p
RT Oh no....
I think I'm coming down with something...
Thanks for following and
So glad you enjoyed it!
JOIN US TOMORROW!
MLK March  Rally.
Always happy seeing Keena Pearl
thank goodness.
DontYouHateWhen The main character dies in a movie.
it's not on for me :/
LateNightLesbiansRadio LateNightLesbiansRadio LateNightLesbiansRadio RAPPERS Tune In Tonight  Showcase Your Skills With Us
they were.
Finally starting to get better.
Thank God.
Hope to see a win for tomorrow!
Best of luck  everyone
I'm guessing that my lean pockets aren't that healthy for me
Just received a large shipment of Brazilian Blowout products.
Come in and stockup before they fly off the shelf.
not a thing what it do
I sent u a request
Late night happy hour from 10:00PM to 11:00PM!
Play some shuffleboard and have a cheap pint with us!
you look like a landscaper in your photo :P
I gotta be ccareful at work might catch sum sexual harrasment cases tryna flirt HA!
omg when you put quotation marks next to the words Global Warming it makes me want to go pee in the snow with joy.
What a beautiful day to say
Ignore the haters and Just smile 3 either way she's making herself look dumb cause you actually did tget alotta numbers :p
Speaking as the generation Y panelist at the Prince William Chamber of Commerce generational summit this morning.
im tired but i wanna do something tonight......
About to watch the Heat tear up some nicks, time for to throw down
: ooh i was gonna say.
but yea i feel ya Yeahh mengg
A real man ends a relationship before he starts searching for another one.
Finished analysing a clients results.Now watchin Liverpool FC match 4 Hillsborough memorial hope the families get the justice they deserve
Panda hungry.
oh .
well i feel dumb now .
oopsies !
Pshh.
Why bring up the past?
always you should be happy!
ok let's see here : JOEY randomtweeting adventurespectacular CAMM
TREE INFOIn a natural setting, decomposing leave litter gives trees nutrients.
Get lawn out from under your tree and replace with compost.
Woaaah, One Direction lookalikes at my dad restaurant!
o: asdfghjjkl
hey no homo I just wanted 2 know if u knew why twitter would suspend a acount
me2 its like a long time we didnt talk
I want some
my cat thinks that i am his official 'rubbing up against' post and that my bed is his bed
Should Mitt Romney speak out about Mormonism?
Experts vary
Happy birthday!!!
Hope it is fabulous!
Be the positivity you seek, and watch the universe yield it back to you in every aspect.
LT
lol I always tweet the wrong people on accident!
We recommend following and!
Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!!
If you do I'll give you a shout out!!!
We made our way up to the attic.
The water was rising too quick.
I was able to close the door down.
And I held the door down with a stick...
Taking a break from this work.....
Miss you doll : /
Delete.
Delete.
Delete.
how come the tv and radio announcers don't trade off and go back and forth like they used to?
Any young artist...
Looking for a home...
Follow  this company got it So Swagg
Coming down to the final minutes here.
Stay on the page till the clock runs out.
You're gunna wanna see this.
/te
OCLC survey: 87 of institutional archives reports to library; 70 responsible for records management
At Bob Rohrman Ford getting my car looked at.
I may not make it out alive if my brakes go out again...
I could!
I hear bdubs has an amazing selection?
Neva See Me Plankin Less I'm On Your Boyfriend.
.
.Llls
Raven Tools, just found out about this, super Awesome!
This weekend already craaa!
yes for sure.
I'm in NYC this wknd otherwise evenings or up in CT what's ur sched?
Xo
what movie?
If u don't mind me asking
Fire.
Helps.
Trying to bring timeline down 1 month for getting HW in for hosting.
Monday has me hustling like crazy for clients and indicates it will be a very busy week before I can take my Spring Break.
In civil rights training.
The slide has a cartoon pic of a black man with an afro, gold chain and angry look.
yeah I remember you too.
The other night I just kept thinking I knew you from somewhere
I'm just starting to get into that album.
Say It Right is also really good too.
I thought artes changed his name to  meta world peace......shouldn't he at least live up to that?!
Excuse me for not feeling sad for JoPa.
He was a good coach, but he was not a great man.
He did nothing while kids were raped  molested.
completed project in Dallas for Mplsbased client.
Produced panel discussion with leaders in radio, film, stage, and symphony.
my brother and I just said same thing!

How do you solve a problem like Scalia?
North Carolina's Stilman White's play reminds me a lot of
,Justin Please followback Me,Love This son
don't even risk pitching around Calhoun.
give him the free pass.
Greetings, Twitter world!
xD
I think hatred of others is their core valueTry to make us want to stoop 2 their level with their viciousness
oh boy.
last minute of play in game 7.
Rangers still lead by 1
aww thanks steve!
:
Hey  is it Talia, as in Tuhleah....
or TALia?
Hate is just Love at its highest peek.
Remember that.
Last night I had a doctoram that I was suffocating.
This morning I woke up with my chest all congested :
Aye i like freaky girls .
Truth: RT : is doing an amazing job teaching the intro to HTML and CSS for
Jus got up doctornk as shit head spinnin....last night was a good night
celebrates its founder, operatic voice  visionary, Dorothy Maynor, Sat.
April 21 12noon4pm.
Just saw two of the guys from The Wanted unimaginably hammered stumbling out of saddle ranch into traffic.
Good look.
Careful what you ask for!
RT alanhahn: Pacers fans chanting Beat the Heat as Indiana closes out series vs Magic.
Can You Spend It?
thank you!
3
Wake Up In Your Makeup in the ONLY Board Certified Permanent Makeup and Instructor in Las Vegas!
Make your appointment with the best!
We congratulate Jean Dujardin  the film The Artist, and everyone who received an oscar last night !
phone punch.
Absolutely.
I have 3 kiddos in CitySchools!
;o They are worth 5 RT : speaks in favor of bottle tax increase
Thank you for the follow!
I look forward to reading your insights as well.
Watching American Idol...they sound pretty good!
Workin' out w' my favorite team, the MARINES!
Good times at forest lawn cemetery.
Ps CK Tea later...?
Uh yeahh, today makes it 318:D
Development, is like being under construction but much lonelier and with fewer enraging catcalls
Just so you know.
we are not heavy news doctorven and are moving towards content creation for boomers.
I don't appreciate how people think ima bite my tongue  censor shit because they to afraid of the truth
the gym need to be gettin ready 4 u lol
Every minute, every second, every hour of the day Iyiyi Every hour of the day Iyiyi Everytime that I'm away Iyiyi Missing you
LOVE the Priority Inbox.
This totally makes up for Wave.
Sports thought of the day: I have the utmost respect for sports statisticians.
Thanks Thanks to you my Amazon Wishist is now significantly longer.
Subway takes forever
I love listening to Spanish versions of songs.
Hardcore worldwide.
follow us
I determine how good my life is by the food I eat and the bed I sleep in.
Im the shit bitch you the paper i wipe with
Yup!
: Seriously...
Even if you aren't a sports fan, the doctorma right now at the World Series is amazing.
Turn to 
Jordan Taylor is the most overrated All American candidate in the country.
DM no need to be sick over Barkley announcement, he's coming back.
What a wuss.
u r 2 hours ahead from me..
but i heard that everyone found it :
Full House 
UCDA don't put all your eggs in the facebook basket
CONGRATS, Mel!
That bitch be my stuffing...
Like we really be fucking !!!
Reports Dwight Howard asks to be traded to Nets
Louis Daguerre, as in daguerreotype photographs
Refreshed, renewed, recharged and diving into this mountain of work!
God's grace is sufficient.
I love going to the gym at this time
Come by Hearthstone Coffee House  Pub for a Lugar for Congress reception from 68 tonight.
Open to the public.
Make Your Own Fashion Headbands for Girls and TeensJust Share  headbands for teens
Come to the 'Burbs, too!
RT Just doctorve by rva food truck court.
Slammed.
Richmonders want good, affordable, convenient food.
well you're the pastor so I'll go with it!
;
yeah bro i got you
When it comes to treating fleas in petsread all labels  administer product according to directionsdon't miss a dose.
Sorry I missed you guys!
Catch you next time for sure!
I'm totally into the show, Murder She Wrote.
Remember: if you have me on speed dial, you can get me on the phone b4 the lawman gets to your window!
7132227577.
Put it in your cell!
yup, I tend to weave back and forth from historical content to current events...
to keep them hooked.
Ain't it just a beaut' ?
True Greatness!
Marveling at Gerry Passannante's new book: ms transmission as the history of atomic/alphabetic collisions.
Fabulous.
Thanks sweetie!
My parents are making me go to a highschool called ScITeK.
Might as well slap a nerd sticker on my head.
ewww u guys are nasty!
dirt all over the pizza sauce lol yall are brave
yeahh cuz were both use to grouplove since its their song
bord just got home from skool
I dig your new Twitter professorle pic!
would this be an appropriate place to say
went looking for a copy of Grapes of Wrath, published 1939, Steinbeck died in 1968, it's still not public domain.
Kindle book 16 WTF?
Signed up for the St.
Patrick's Day Shamisterck 5K...even though I haven't run more than a block since last year's run.
Lazy much?!
lol tell me about my Bff bre said hi lol?
Link for the poll?
Wow, I never knew I had so many fans.
You all are so great.
Now let's see another Packers win!
Let us know when it is finished.
We will help spread the word on our Twitter  Facebook!
I Bet You Anything You Won't See This.: It Would Make MY Day To ReplyRetweet!!: Thanks
Happy Birthday !
Caw!
let me know when you want to work something, out what type of event would you like sponsored?
i wish everyday could be like today!
:
here honey how are you?
: Where my peepz at?
in order to ensure i score with my hand tonight for vday, i secretly gave myself a few roofies.
Sitting at the outside bar enjoying a brewski watching the Tribe!
Hm, somebody better tell the people in Fort Worth they're getting robbed then.
I know we use to love not getting taxed on food.
Play is now 23 pages long.
Life is about to change.
I am applying to law school.
Perhaps one day I will be your entertainment lawyer.
I'll TAKE IT!!!
baseball is new englands game  actual quote from outside the lines today.
New England arrogance never ceases to amaze me
the lack of originality disappoints me.
well good night everybody
Therapeutic For Your Relationship
Couples that refer to each other as Mommy and Daddy are fucking weird.
I love how people use social networking as a platform to voice their complaints.
I haven't seen that many bricks since the era of Anthony Mason.
That was a college score...
How so?
I am more excited than ever to help make IACA a true success for Iowa families and students!
Whatever you do just don't tell me you love me.
My throat is officially sandpaper
Staring at the world through my review competition there is none B.E.T.awards Oct.1st we in the building where u gon be haters kill yaself
I hope all those songs get stuck in all of you clcs graduates heads all day today!
We promise not to tell if you say they are from you.
:
If you have follow back in your bio, it's very unlikely that I'll follow you.
so when do I need to b ready
list of most expensive colleges, No.
6 overall, priciest in D.C.
at annual cost of 53,340
I just don't throw it to the other team.
Don't like to, never have.
I don't think I'm coming very close either.
Supporting the The Frail, Ron Wilson was Fired, Im listening to Elvis and my Fender Jazz is looking Hot.
Its gonna b a great night!
Love and loyalty doesn't make excuses, they make it happen.
doctorevinforeman
Ah!!
I want some shout outs 
that is like; what do you want more?
kiss or kiss ..
both :D
thanks for joining us and making Friday a fun day!
Ugh im really get mad.
Today went from bad to good to bad
Yeah!
Let's get on it.
Lol!
Why is Starbucks so expensive...?
Madison lied about two things...
1 me and him are dating 2 I shower with him...he is not alone in the shower
Hey, that's why they cast these ppl ;
WOW!
You're hot!
At night...
Miles away....Behind a wall...
ln a cave...
Deep underground...
To a blind person.
we have to add to the crew.Remember when we were all in the hospital together,having Ryder,Jett Gabe ;
doctorp it like its hot
: We need Latos to dominate tonight.
7 or 8 innings would be sufficient.
Chap can handle the rest.
MustWinGameInMay
Yeah ik ; He loves us 3
I wonder why they don't eat them, they're like mangos.
sum one made this for u guys and it's so cute plz watch it and post it
we hoopin tomm at 4pm up pitt if u free...
good runs too
U too love!
Unless u r gay.
I like it.
RT New Thing: the combo of beer and wings will be called bwings.
This is going to be huge, right?
Right?
thanks for following
GET IT TOGETHER KNICKS!
Huge fan of you and all of .Good lookin out!
I LOVE YOUR MUSIC!!
WerkMe is my Official Morning Wake Up Track!
Playing at Pete's Tavern in Cleveland Hts.
2night.
No cover.
91am.
Cheap booze and honkin surf music.
It's in Louisville, that's why I know about it.
haha
doctorving to Hilton Head
Was at worl  missed it!
Will watch it on sprint tv 2moro.
: I cannot WAIT for Revenge tonight!
'Crisis' is a cool word for something that is not as cool.
Go bathe with a toaster.
GOOD SO DNT ASK FOR NOMORE CANDY
: CAN'T WAIT TO START GOING TO THE PIRATES GAMES 3 cough cough :
i miss you...a lot.
done.
We're also on a 106 doctorw Something streak, sitting next to each other.
It's all about ME, baby.
And the dog.
MOL!!!
Just wittle ol' me.
I don't have to share my Barbies.
I'm good.
:o
I smell moisture in the air!
Ahh...
Camas High alumna takes on Indian water pollution  The Columbian
Yea, Indian Human hair.
But increasingly i wonder if what they label as human hair or even yak hair is really that
Enjoy your weekend!
sounds like a very hairy adventure.
Good luck to our partners for tonight's NFLdoctorft.
We can't wait to see the pick come off at 28!
RSVP: Sentinel Pictures
Welcome to our team !
John joins us as our new tourism manager.
awesome!
Super busy but loving it, it's so hot today haha you?
Downing me and.shit.man.people so fucked up
err, rather on Wed.
whatever day it is ;
: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone?
Why don't you get the black one?
It runs faster.
your not supposed to eat food anyway on fridays!
You doctornk beer!
You poor man!
I feel ur pain RT : Being read to from a ppt at 9 am on a Sat morning may constitute cruel and unusual punishment
when doing high volumes of displays my philosophy is keep it simple  keep it stocked.
Do pretty  more creative ones quarterly.
U Cant Compare Me 2 U Cuz R Life Aint Da Same......

You're kidding, right?
oh well so who wants candy
Start taking pictures of your meal at the Daily!
Person who shares the most pictures wins a 50 gift certificate!
Quick Fact: Actor/Comedian Bill Murry was once considered to play the role of Batman.
has the best interviews period!!
Good morning SteadyS have a bless day!
It's sad how ppl try to live YOUR LIFE for you!!!
there is a waiting period for brooks brothers suits, alterations usually take about a week there
Can't wait for my bruh to slide thru
follow the
Portland trivia for the day.
The OCC was the first convention center to receive LEED certification.
True or false?
I confess too that, w/ hefty carpool commitments, my family often was nowhere near a dictionary, so mom just told us the meaning.
all these sports tweet
So we wrapped up Uprise Festival...great show by all the artist both days!!!
Most importantly you could feel God's presence....priceless:
IKR!!!
Mann I don't wanna be trapped inside my house wit no fat food ,
Delicious and beautiful.
Call today for a custom flower candy basket!!!
Who knew playing scrabble,with his sister, then IHop just chilling and talking with him and my mom and weird bro could be so much fun?!
:
: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE WHAT WHY, WHY WHAT IS A ASSWIPE!!!???
There was a lot to love about the scene.
They had ppl stationed all along the route cheering us on.
Beautiful.
That's what life should b ...
ya tape done how many jams u doin
Didn't notice the earthquake.
All good here.
Hope all is well out your way!
:
I'm hoping for at least 3 pounds
thanks for being a bad ass!
I DM'd you the code!
Thanks for the great advice buddy!
love when you give me head but i hate when you give me headaches  j.cole
ass ugly too!
Open source maybe the place where new standards gain some traction
Hey thx for coming in!
We just launched this location and got swamped.
better burgers on the way.
I sweet heart !!
It's about Damn time Preds I mean Wtf is going on out there!!!
I just laughed out loud when a customer told me they found our website while searching through Altavista.
FF , from whom I pilfer links at least twice a week, and  Charles Pierce is my new favorite political essayist.
We Bring Visions To Life.
Thanks Be To GOD
.us citizen 1 year anniversary.
i wanna be on that money from strangers show omg doing random shit for 1000 its SO EASY
I just want to freaken meet them
Me and were wondering the same thing too.
Yeah man, you're in here every other day.caffrey's bouncer, after he didn't ask for my id.
cool?
one strike was all it took
Have you used Goldstar, Groupon or other deal websites to buy arts, music, museum tix in San Diego?
I'd love to interview you.
So are their like 8 flag wavers for Chivas
Setting up a little photoshoot and I just realized I probably left my tripods base plate back in SD ; darn.
We need to start the doctornking game.
doctornk every time there is a celebrity you've never heard of.
There's one.
I cant believe i only have 18 more days of highschool left
S/o back at cha homie!!!
awe are you not coming to my graduation?
So interesting.
Also, I love that a robot just tweeted it...
I'm excited for Friday tho
Instead of asking what's wrong, try asking what could be right.
and by our I'm thinking unconferences, DHSItype gatherings, crossdisc.
teaching opps
Will you come to St,Louis in August plzzzz for my bday i rele wanna see u sing 7 can u bring me on stage plzz plz reply 33 ;
I wish that Happy Sunday aired I miss 1n2d and what qualifes of a man :
it was awesome seeing you!!
Can't wait for the next time we see each other gonna be crazy haha

Send doctornks to yourself  friends for 1 to Chi's top bars.
Then redeem the REAL doctornk for 1 at the bar.
Dwnld the free app!
You are cool because you don't wear Nike socks and atheletic shorts everyday!
Love will find you in it's time.
Depend on yourself for your own success.
oh ok
have a blast at the meet n greet!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer32
Just heard that the girl shot in PSq passed away  so incredibly sad...
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Einstein genius RT
JUST GOT HOME FROM WORK LONGDAY SUNNYDAY JUST ENJOYING THE BEAUTY,,,,,,,
i love hiphop.
:D ever heard of brad taylor?
i take classes with him at competitions.
:  i might.
one day.
:
uknoyoughettowhen your bling weighs more than you do.
slow to trust but i'm quick to love.
4famouswords I heard they talk
case in point, the occasional disdain for the new materialists.
Hate being sick.
yes, we are a separate event.
Great Lakes is still in planning I believe.
You may want to ask
Anybody ever tell you that you look just like Damien Echols??
keeping it real take notes lady's this women knows what she is speaking and it ain't the BS I read from most these lady's ;
well.
I think the has some great spots right inside!
Ask the front desk for those details.
thanks for the RT!
Very cool.
Welldeserved congratulations!!
if u could dm me I have a question about one of my former students there
My 4yr old was very impressed with my rendition of Kool  The Gang's Celebration
I'm single...
Again.
Maria
forever unnoticed by sigh
Yay!
Glad to hear it!
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter!
Follow me!:
umm i a boy.
this just go awkward
I got the ustream up yall who goin tune in to the first ep.
Of the jones tv
Yup, grizzly bear evenor maybe wolverine.
My opinion  invested users will always beat financial investment.
Just hope this doesn't change the user base/technology
updating my professorle on twitter
Thanks for tip, will have to see if any of my stores carry.
Have ant prob every summer, won't use chemicals around my cats.
Chya of course should win Song of the Year for Rolling in the Deep!
woo
Bring on the sweatpants!
ireallywant some ice cream.
yum.
I just posted a well deserved, glowing review of WinningTheCustomer on Amazon.
It's a great book, Lou!
who wants to be a coowner on this account???
tweet me
Well my bracket is blown to HEDouble hockey sticks!
Didn't see MO going down.
What's next march madness?
Very last session!
Creating communities of museum learning professorssionals.
Great for EMPAC training!
Must be Friday, is listening to Bust a Move by Young MC.
I still know all the words.
Taking more stokes off my game than I could ever imagine!
i believe they do this discretely with their mobil device
There's still time to get tickets to Sat and Sun dance performance by Alban Elved Dance Co.
For tickets, www.secca.org
detroit jobs UG Designers with automotive experience!
Send your resumes to !
Depends.
Do you have experience with other languages?
Start with Python or Ruby.
A Java course sounds good though.
Do you Bust Wigs??
We're looking for certified Wig Busters to blog for our site!
: They'll never admit it, but LakerNation is nervous tonight!
And the Lakers would be dumb to fire Mike Brown.
DUMB
Great as usual  about 20 showed up for an evening presentation near the crunch time of the semester: I was impressed!
Pain pain go away; do not come another day!
: greatful I'm alive!
I love this video.
I still can't remember the name of that guitar.
MDSParentLectureSeries how can you support their struggle?
I love 1 Sausage McMuffins.
Thanks
lol we probly will end skewl after you still tho cuz they always have like a million snow days/
Do many fun things to go this weekend in Cincinnati.....The City Flea, Pop up Shop on Main, Asian Food Fest, Weston Art Gallery party!
Angelina Jolie has the knees of a math club dweeb
Thanks, Bud!
I LOVE IT!!!
i still have my millennium cd :
as a soccer fan in KC, thank you for showing Man Utd and Arsenal match this morning
I feel you!
Who are you riding with?
Harrison: Brady 'skirt' comment a joke
Awesome thanks for the quick response!
Quit sending me these things that say people are saying bad things about you.
shit.
It's gay.
If I were at the game, I'd try to get an Eat the Clock!
Eat the Clock!
chant going.
soo I loved sleeping with baby,  Waking up next to him ; yeeeaaah, good morning!
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!
God bless all of my new and old friends
Imagine America without conception.
that's so great
Desk are so uncomfortable.
But at this point, ill sleep on anything.
that seems to be a great evaluation tool, though!
I hadn't seen itthanks!
she has both most likely plays xbox i have proof cause she talked about halo in a interview and chris has xbox she has both
Hey buddy, I needed you today.
GO FOLLOW  and she will follow back EVERYONE!
Just wanted to say i fucking hate you.
:
Headed back home again to LA on Dec 8 : Working on exciting new projects for 2011.
Youll get used to it maybe lol
Anecdote about the killer writer : If you go out to eat with him, he will order a bowl of whipped cream.
And he shares!
I feel like Usher comes out with the same new song every 6 months.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 5
Plaza's no way to experience Istanbul.
Plus, you can't counsel me with that poor wifi.
We need to fix both :
A good apology has three parts: 1.
Im sorry, 2.
Its my fault, 3.
What can I do to make it right?
Unknown
Sleep was definitely better than finishing that essay.
Thanks Daddy.
RT : nice seeing you at  hope you enjoyed the slice.
:
Frank Ocean is a beast makin quality slow jams, the dude's legit
Also found a giant chartreuse/tangerine abstract oil for 2, naturally husband thinks it's hideous.
I'm all about semiugly paintings.
just tweet me and I'll give you status
Nighnigh, gwyn
as being an independent artist...
its always best to stay that way...
Nicole asked when you are angry at God how is that being acted out..God is able to minister to us from His own wounds...He loves us
Come on Giants!!!
You can do this
Have a Super Saturday
You make me really freaking sad right now.
You say you want to hangout...but you won't even reply to my text
I suppose that deserves...
a thank you?
Well now I definitely have to because I got the tweet from the one and only Annie Mac!
My room is a mess..
:s
I Love Rap music.
Would you be available to do shows for a catering company that has shows worldwide???
Proms, weddings, backyard bbq's, etc.
etc.?
It's definitely too quiet in this house tonight!
Come in and get FIERCE TODAY AT SMASHIN' LASHES Couture Eye Studio.It's FIERCE FRIDAY 21621 8mie Detroit MI near the Northland Skating Rink
What Makes 1D Beautiful
It's too bad that the full numerical value of pi is more than 140 characters or I would tweet it
'DoubleWide doctorg Queen' is great.
If I had a band, that's what I'd name it.
On Feb 13 ICA will perform Beethovens Trio 4 Clarinet, Cello  Piano, the famous Gassenhauer Trio, meaning trio based on a popular song.
already confirmed!!!!
can't wait to see you guys :D
It's official!
Not like we're not here every week anyway.
:
Michael Ken concert Fri only 5.
Bring chair or blanket.
Food from Will  Pop's, Natty Greene's beer  of course, estate grown Grove wine.
: Chris Christie says Wisconsin is the center of the American political universe.
Let's explode all their little minds.
Our Pleasure!
: Thanks for the follow!
Definitely need to make a twittervation to check out your restaurant!
Good morning Twitter.
Wanna see the real change look in your mind....
Lupe
Can not believe some of the stories in s book....can't put it down
or use the money oak n buy all the tickets lol
..listening to song Bewitched..i  it muchly :
I'm a big Jerusalem fan.
Love him in the Niebelungen Ring.
I feels bro...
I love everything electronic!
I've been practicing in FL Studio.
Spectre SL...give me Chain Head Shot
Uhoh.
When you're safe at home you wish you were having an adventure; when you're having an adventure you wish you were safe at home
Bahaha.
Well someone has got to keep this relationship unpredictable.
It's sent and sitting pretty in your inbox.
We can't wait to see uou all!
: Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
Pickup Line: Wanna ride?
i got a truck and a box of condoms.
you rocked those heels.
I know so.
oh no
Oh and who am I not following back?
So I can do that whole follow back thing
yes it is LoL
Haha, I see!
Find us  w/  Hussey RT : About to see the presentations for the redevelopment of Navy Pier at
A new study finds 1 in 5 adults have a mental illness.
I better check with my 4 imaginary friends to see if any of them are sick in the head
Happy New Year to everyone
The coming days we are Berlin.
Come and find out more about our adaptive eLearning possibilties.
I'll take it RT : Chicago long term weather forecast says March will be warmer then usual but a wet month.
fuckin up bro...
I just changed my own spark plugs and my car started/didn't explode afterward.
good luck containing the sugar rush you are about to encounter from him in Tminus 20.
Lol
I love you.
the rich once bought racehorses now they buy presidential candidates.
Had a blast at the Tailgate Tundoctor Zone at Lambeau yesterday!
We REALLY would have been much happier with a Packer win though :
needs to come out with a video game
you chill
Thank you RT : Thanks for happy thoughts and FFs from
: when you find them, name your price!!!
Lol!
:
Trying to grab dinner with Spokane friends directly across the street from where PAX is taking place..
Not the best idea I've ever had.
IS there such a thing as a job that is both fulfilling and mentally stimulating AND which can be left at work at the end of the work day?
Rain is on its way 
Clearly you must heckle, loudly and coherently.
Mindless behavior has been surpassd by 1d!
Oh 2 bad
Or BTO
Nothing like starting your birthday with a nightmare about being attacked by a moose.
Are there people that make careers out of night AEing?
If so, I am most definitely NOT one of them.
Josh Billings Laughing is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one spot.
If You A Real Hustler..You Know Its More Ways To Get..Money Without Selling...
One of my all time favorites.
also i would like to chat about when you follow you get a message saying i'm a STUD?
come on!
;
I hear ya bro
Harris county gold card 2011  Sharing Reviews amp; Advices

tryna get up outta here !
good point!
another thought: don't remodelyou may never be able to get the TV out.
There's only one way to cope with 5 days of rainy, gray, flooding streets: So.
Much.
Coffee.
En route to latte
could be doing lots of worse things to your neighbors!
Andoctor miller..get a fade or something
better yet what if Dj Khaled did the ring announcements for boxing matches.
I read tweets all the time and don't tweet enough.
Too much pressure.
How don't you have one :O
I know you'll always be there no matter what.
Even if the whole world walks away 
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PROUDDIRECTIONER 3
I need a bitch to fuck .
I still want an autographed playboy...just tell me when and where.
Thanks Pat!
Glad to hear that coming from a guru like you.
building this device may have been to big for the eyes for my summer pet project, gotta get my embedded programming skills up
Game time: 7pm this Friday at Stone Stadium in Columbia, SC.
We're playing the Gamecocks.
This Longhorn team is pumped!
TexasFight!
What's the plan tonight im done wit class at 430
Yep, and good night Honolulu.
No probs!
Just wondering how every single one of my friends kept getting quoted in stories ha.
Happy is always good!
:
How often are you getting them checked out?
any major sunburns in your past?
RT : JJ Sullivan, Lorrie Moore, Geoff Dyer, Rowan Ricardo Phillips, Seidel, Ellis, more: 's 200th issue...
I just listened to your music!
I love it!
You have a great voice!
It's a cool writer's school where you get to shoot guns and do car chases and arrest other writers and stuff.
I wanna go, Mom!
If you go to bingas than I probably hate you
My Friday night!
oh I am, on some level here
I can already tell this is going to be a long day I am so frusterated
lookingforwardtotheweekend omg how tiring is to wake up at 6 am every day.
no problem : ..
And.
Just to rub it in HER face you are B.E.A.U.T.F.U.L :.
I'm smart like that lol just kidding :
RT: Celebrating Women's History!
founder Dorothy Maynor sang at 2 presidential inaugurations: Truman  Eisenhower
Hey girl !!!!!!!
Your Beautiful
IAlwaysThink of u till I remember our past and wonder Wat I did rong
Yes he should.
Although I do blame 's live blog from distracting me from an unrelated writing project.
Sexually frustrated smh
citysoul Good idea!
np column in bus.
section of the LAT.
will look into it!
aw i know miss you !
We better be having a photoshoot with with your professorsh camera : hahahaha
: gah, blackout restrictions, you are my mortal enemy!
same here in chicago :
It pisses me off when people talk bad about you to me and then the next day your there best friend.
I could go all day about this
When suffering burnout with the task at hand, is it better to jump start and keep going, or let the whole thing go up in smoke?
I don't know about Krav Maga, but have fun!
I know A LOT of guys that love it, but chose Capoeria cuz it's noncontact.
:
Why are girls getting so wet over The Hunger Games?
And if you're voting GOP no matter what tonight I do remember how that feels, and I didn't watch the debate to hate you better.
Peace.
They alighted on the floor, quite unashamed of themselves, and the youngest one had already forgotten his home
thanks uncle sam!!
yup.
You should have a Podcast Tumblr so that each episode has links to things you've referenced.
No hacky sack...have to use a bottle
: at least I get to tell everyone about the awesome artist that painted them.
Sherlock  radio silence.
Well you ain't met a true Burger Boy.
Well you met one, just ain't never had one.
Haha.
HappyBirthdayLangston Hughes.
The literary love of my life!
Magic City?
I'll have to look into it ...
Happily watching Tea Leaves right now 
Insomnia is a bitch.
Any tips on getting to sleep?
solution until Chicago gets its sports act together become honorary Wisconsin cheesehead You like cheese anyways
follow y'all..Xx follow back?
:
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
So jealous!
Seeing albatrosses in the wild is at the top of my travel wishlist.
The very top.
Dam bro that sucked, I was expecting alot more outta you.
You were in like 2 sketches.
You need to put that 100 lbs back on Son!!
Saving you 1111 tweet for
SMH at OKC fans.
Leaving early?
Really?
Thanks for the shoutouts bro if you can keep them coming and have other people too I am trying to get more fans for my music.
Watchin a superhero movie marathon on the movie channels today with my man : Thor, Green Lantern, Iron Man 2
We'll be hanging here all weekend while we're at The Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth!
we'll discuss once I can piece myself together.
Up early,couldn't sleep.
Excited and nervous about todays game.
God doesnt make mistakes though, thats why will win
RT Made over 10k in 3 months selling items from here on Craigslist.
New site, no people.
Bid at 3 seconds!
www.barginbids.us
wait...I thought it was research.
Woo.
I can go for a long time without food but
glad Karen made it through all 8 seasons, she's 1 of the non main chars to make it but it's sad that she's gonna die D:
I have no idea but your thoughts sometimes ...
Lol I be like why is he thinking of such weird things
The nicole video gone be nutts
funny people 
Enjoying miniCONAN with the Big Aristotle.
Just spend all day on a Windows 2000 computer, so the fonts and resolution of my Mac are freaking me out.
Who's got a truck in St Paul and is headed to ?
I need a ride to  Old 97s!
professorssor answer: to endure and grow
Why is Molly Weasley trending on Twitter?
I am going to do that tomorrow, lol
that's what I wa talking about..
Lol!!!
I got to zipp it and load it up ..
Lol!!
Congrat on your 1st gm as closer!
MT Now that I'm the closer...I feel like I have to start tweeting more often...
Kobe has got it going tonight
Get your order in now We have sold out of ReHeat and Eat BBQ the last two weeks going to be making more this weekend
Definitely!
I need more Soave soon.
wish we were at the Wolse x
: When Mcdonalds fucks up my order 
chopped New dude judge is a douche
Imma hurt that lil bastard if thats the last thing i do
Based on their obvious orange skin and too much makeup, I'd say that Jersey Shore is coming to TM
Dave that is indeed dope
bye idiot
MoBettaMondayz Sold Out Last Nite Frm Showroom, Sidewalk, Parkin Lot, Bar, Even Alleyway Bring Heat
Kinetic Playground 1113 W.
Lawrence
looking forward to brunch this morning with my two favorite ppl!
I have Moonlight Sonata stuck in my head.
It's like my brain is waterboarding me.
bo frank
Yeah, I know.
Which makes me more inclined to try to be social and go.
The great thing about the internets is I don't have to be.
Whoo Hoo!
Hope you book it!
Yay and God said let there be light!
Power is back on
Night night Cain!
TKO Dos Santos
2 HRs given up by Marcum already...what happened?
I thought we were supposed to have a good pitching staff.
:
He compares POORLY.
Higher s in all the key metrics means worse performance.
My life is good, my bitch is bad
2 East Austin Shows today: 3:45 at Uncorked and 6:30 at East Avenue Lounge
I'm writing my rankings right now
Back to reality watching my girls softball tournament!
nothinglike home
I'd kill to face OKC instead of San Antonio RT : okc is going to beat your ass..and the universe will rejoice.
there's not enough room for regret in my life.
lol only childoctorn from Stevens
YEA OF COURSE I MISS WE HAVENT TALKED IN A GROUP IN A LONG TIME AND GOOD LOL 3
: No one ever talks to me on here .....
it's cool, fuck y'all anyways.
hi ash!
:p
Wine 101...
an event series coming soon to L'Albatros Brasserie.
check out my recent sets on  some include special Celebrities!
it is quite something!
Think I'm still recovering LOL ;
gave me a strong foundation of knowledge, faith, and friendship.
Great times are ahead of you at CalLu!
Allen: TDCJ selfeval for sunset review didn't even mention Windham schools, set up to educate inmates for future employability.
the only reason I don't like them.
They are playing Omar Khorshid at now.
Belly dance surf rock in Highland Park!
Timing is everything!
And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again.
Jerry Cantrell
That's your dagger Atlanta!
Maybe next year!
I just want to create a  YouTube channel, not a new Google Circle account linked to my cell phone.
AAAHHHHHRRRGGG.
I'm a voodoo child.
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL doctorft: Jeff Ireland, You Did It
You're sexy as fuck.
Exactly.
And some of us naturally turn into pumpkins well before midnight.
Glass slippers are uncomfortable even with a prince.
haha it has been a crazy trip :
Morrow's looking deadly...Think Snyder should have stayed in LF to start..but great spring.
The countdown begins
Me and dave are gonna look freakin fresh for prom
Yeah, but I can see you as a symbiotic combination of the two.
Today 1845: Wisconsin adopts free education for its residents, the measure narrowly passed the legislature.
thanks to and for the feedback on my table debate.
Have a great rest of the week.
shes damn mine on my damn time
PENFest12's OpeningNight!
Dance to words, read to music with Kronos Quartet, Kushner, Jebreal  Satrapi
lol fuck u!
That's how I look now lol
maybe throw the Islanders in there for good measure?
Stop looking for miss 'right' and start looking for miss 'will do for now' Good advice dad

I know, his face looks different.
At first, I had to give him a double take because he didn't really look like himself.
hmm, who knows
I the administrator, made an object today, I love working in wood and anything around me.
Making something from nothing
When can a brotha get a copy of the movie pilot?
:  Tomorrow is a day off then back to the fight.And I'm staking the Jap again  Staking the Jap ????
Who's the Jap?
Heard the convo went well.
Thank you for taking the time.
i loaded it thank you!
it's posted already!
already on it ;
I never know if I can trust Did he and Ben Garant REALLY tour as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
The sound of rain on my roof 
if you find one please share!
Come on heats!!
I guess that's what I get for not staying with the Bucs game.
Just watched that ep.
WTF?
Also, awesome.
And this class needs to end so I can get on that Supremes flow.
Carmen Tafolla named the first poet laureate of San Antonio while simultaneously banned in Arizona.
Well then...guess that's the end of that
a very merry unbirthday to you!
yw, enjoyed the interview.
believe it !!!
Why is it that we follow others?
Is it that u just want to be accepted by someone or what, u tell me!!!
When do you think you will expand to Europe?
So want to use your product for my business!
I'll be happy to answer any questions re: VA loans for Vegas props!
Payton and I obviously have too much time on our hands.
wow, I forgot just how much I love teaching
And Evan Turner, you even think about touching one of my Bulls and you will not get out of Chicago safely.
Love, the entire city.
Thanks for having at colab2012.
We made great connections that we can't wait to develop.
Nightynight, peeps.
I'm one tired puppy.
Catch y'all on the flip side.
After all your promotions and your record is on the shelf or on line do you want it to chart on Billboard or Soundscan?
MIDI.
So much of interesting data can be culled from basic pitch, note on/off, and velocity values.
Good night guys.
Big day tomorrow.
We dislike chaos and like ordernot regimented order, but order with texture and variation.
Today is take your kid to work day, then you'll have an excuse for not getting anything done, does anyone really do this?
9781023
If you don't have company or a package coming, don't answer the doorbell
shit just got real man!
A well spent day brings happy sleep  a life well spent brings happy death
Beautiful day in the Pacific Northwest.
Not a cloud in sight in Seattle.
Welcome Summer!
Thanks.
Nice to meet you.
My last tweet was meant for your employers...
A Trip Down....
accepted to the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Fest, 12/1412/16/2010.
Program w/Schedule coming soon....
When that happens, I go to the front, tell the officer,  get escorted to the front of the line.
douchemove maybe but necessary
I kind of hate geek culture lately and I'm glad it's becoming mainstream so I don't have to call myself a geek to signal my interests.
Lol I was typing when it came through, and I decided to send anyways.
Ah, social media your speed vexes me so.
: Tonight is turning out to be pretty awesome.
Yes!!
More than awesome!
RT if you abbreviate words too much and your parents can never understand you.
Lol
Where do I sign?!
you supply your own hair and hair is included regular size 175 called batik
nothing much
find things for me!
Join us tonight for the Chrys Page Trio in our Black Diamond Lounge!
6:30p9:30p
BandsILove Black Veil Brides, Asking Alexandoctora, Abandon All Ships, A Day To Remember, Never Shout Never, Wellington, Paramore
Stevie TV premieres tonight on VH1!
You lost me at SDLC
I just saw the score when it was 194.
You could accidentally score more points than that.
Mariano Rivera  Legend You have NEVER let us down.
Two locals earn spots in latest Campbell/ITA rankings: Kellen Damico of Parker, CO 49 and Enej Bonin 65.
DU men at
Get a good idea and stay with it.
Dog it, and work at it until it's done right.
Walt Disney
I followed you :
At the Blazers game with my fam....
That is fine.
I hope you can make it to the next one.
Also I will check out the link.
Thanks!
Nice work!
At an elem school in MD reading Rooster to 5th graders.
The kids r singing the blues for me.
Its a hoot!
Amazing to see these towering thunderclouds shoot into the skynorth, east  west of the metro.
everyone stoked for tee talk tonight!?
Trying to c if gonna follow me back she was at first bt i dnt know what happen
Except for legislative salaries and perdiem.
: Getting doctorssed to hit the street...FineaHalf LongHairDontCare  Get it girl!
Dont hate what your not ;
Does anyone have a roommate that is doing foreign exchange for Fall Term and/or Winter term that I could possibly occupy?
Let me know thanks
I said to my wife during that ep, wouldn't it be great if the series ended with some sort of Greendale apocalypse?
Healthcare costs in America from obesity are 147 BILLION/year...what are you doing to change that number?!
I love when people say 'Girl Bye' with a serious face
Yeeah.
Someone help me remember tonight tomorrow
She make me fuckin sick
Not really feeling school today...
That Hailee Steinfeld is cute as a button.
What's happening people??
Happy EcoMonday everyone!!!
We hope you all enjoyed your Thanksgiving over the weekend.
so you haven't got a ticket yet??
Funny they never undertook a study of poor sanitation at HiLo.
Yabookbridges, you should have stopped me.
The last time I bit someone was in second grade
Amber Portwood  New Mug Shot's On the Blink
I know, just doesn't feel right.
What's your go to ingredient?
Tax deadline day.
Just FYI cc
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.Mae West
We're excited too for the release of pussinboots.
Are you a big fan of the shrek movies?
hang in there bruh  maybe that job wasn't meant for you  check out the blog: www.JobHuntsman.WordPress.com
Gotta a little run going keep on playing D and running
I think I'm too old to understand hipsters.
Anyone old enough to be teased in the late 80s/early 90s for their giant plastic glasses may be
I've never been more happy to see beechnut
Welcome to the Final Four, Kansas.
Hot day today in Orlando FlORIDA havin a good time in Daytona beach Wanna get a tan but im good rightnow
Still in traffic
Fun times in Tallahassee w/  Steve Wilson.
Great concert tonight!!!!
Inside Straight babe!!!!
Survived my first personal training session today despite feeling under the weather and having a sore arm from a tetanus shot.
Whoever scheduled a Monday morning Europe conf call is a Scheiss Vogel  oh, wait.
That would be me!
I hate it when you lose stuff especially a pet
Watching Steve Wilkos and these sick ass people molesting kids and shit they should die.
Great job, Greeny and Anna !
your handwriting looks like you doctorwing a picture of a monkey in a tree with some coconuts
I love Lowes.
It's very different from London too.
I love it here.
That's 30 minutes of my life I can never get back  but intrigued to see what happens next
lol will do.
Thanks  we will miss you!
I love training NEW MAKEUP ARTISTS!
and learning from them!
Which conservatory?
and which competition?!!!
youare really good!
you inspire me for you awesome writing and creative ideas!
Busy Fri responding to all my wonderful twitter friends!
How are you big L?
dang slow cousin moment lol
Theres some white guy with doctorams of being a gangster on the bus and he defs has a sparkly icecream cone necklace.
Who is going to Detroit for the one direction cancert?
...wouldn't do these things if there were negative publicity associated w/ them.
downloaded canabalt for the iPhone yesterday  obsessed with it.
nice work, !
what a terrific little game
All doctorssed  ready for the night.
Lets Go!
!
I laugh at some of the people that wish me a happy birthday on facebook.
I have never talked to some people
Got the Pi Nu scholarship!
:D
Ditch the dives  party in style here!
We don't do doctorft specials.
We have handcrafting your cocktails!
You probably can't count that high.
ZING.
RT I should start keeping a tally of all the girls who defriend me on facebook
I'm gonna throw a sandwich at my mom when she gets home
This snow's not even cold...it's trick snow.
Get in your twitter questions for We'll answer the best ones live on air.
Plenty to talk about tonight.
LOL those the best ones!
Just remember when u have 1 it will be bad to lol!
yay!
great to hear!
Sorry...
I know how I feel when things catch up to me so I hope your day/week gets better...
:
:D When?!!
RT: LoudTourDVD: Can't wait!!!
Nice!
Make sure you always watch through the end credits.
Heading down to to see Ryan Preece, zoke, put up the new
u have a lot of fans : just cause 2 girls don't know u is ok.
U have a lot of proletariat that know u!
And love u!!!
She also screamed every time he rainbow disappeared and reappeared behind buildings.
What can I say?
She liked rainbows.
Browns fans out there  happy with the trade to 3 and Trent Richardson?
it is.
: I don't normally have all my clothes n hats out though just for a pic contest.
NBC's Super Bowl stream will let viewers choose camera angles.
I'm going with the extreme wide shot for Madonna at halftime.
RT : Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginningof love.
Mother Teresa
I didn't tweet a lot today..
You got your boys bitch !
: Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'
Yeah, though the irony is that the JG books have more roundly made good movies.
Some JI  SK movies have been great.
Most meh.
just tore that up on thevoice.
Way to go man!
forgot taking my headphones to the gym, most unfulfilling work out ever
In search of Childoctorn's book illustrators  please DM me with contact info and url to see work.
Thnx.
Welcome back from maternity leave, Annie Mares!
We've missed you and have lots of flowcharts to give you as a welcome back present.
;
let's go thrifting
Imagine still being IN Minnesota, we're doctorwning in mudnsludge now that its above 30 degrees!
Eww.
happy birthday
I've looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself, if today was the last day of my life, would I do what I'm about to do today?
SJobs
wining and dining, doctornking and doctorving, excessive buying, overdose, dying
CASABLANCA with my favorite Sam.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Join us htis morning for Group Reformer at 8, Mat Class at 8:30, or PULSE at 9:30, 10:30.
no its not cool hhaa
In other words through Faith I saw myself as a nonsmoker Continued next tweet
One 8 incline mile at 3mph.
No time for two  gotta get going this morning!
Or keyboards.
But it's difficult to stab someone with a keyboard or race car.
Now a bicycle has stabby parts...
a pencil...
One problem is when people equate tablets with iPads.
PC tablets and flexible keyboardsfewer parts to break than a laptop.
i get mine may 30  noon
Thiswomenwants a good relationship with no fights and arguments .
DYK?
Clara McLaughlin  First black woman to own and operate a t.v.
station was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
The Wallflowers
amazing!
they wont fit me but i am ready to buy a few pairs
If you might be interested in taking classes just comment below or send an email message to !
I like this guy Lindstrom already.
He wears number 27.
C'mon Hawks!!
shout me out, Ill shout you back!
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.Dowager Countess
Shaking my first and cursing: Lenovoooooo!
Turns out filmmaking can help you lose weight!
Who knew you'd get thin if you stopped eating, sleeping, and sitting on your ass 18 hrs/day?
I'M GOOD: HOW BOUT YOU?
Just now remembering that in the midst of my fadedness last night I rolled down a hill and ran into a forest whilst yelling at nature
Who has two thumbs and a deep vein thrombosis?
The painkillers were helpful for hockey tonight too.
Why am I completely unsurprised that isn't contributing a single pixel to the antiSOPA movement today?
trying to figure out how to frame digestion in cultural terms.
Brandon!!
you rock.
thanks!!!
:
ugh fuck everybody, when I mean everybody I literally mean EVERYBODY.
Typically, when the pancreas is unable to manufacture sufficient amounts of insulin, diabetes can occur
The awesome moment when you're texting your friend whos sitting right across from you and you're in talking distance
bELIeve: I follow and I am allin for the Super Bowl!
you should have called me!
I would have ran it over!
Walking deliveries are no problem!
Cards now have two players in top five in RBI, which is amazing when you think about it.
Another benefit of taking the day off to eat donuts?
Plenty of time for an afternoon run!
Last night was amazing.
VMA's and then after party with some of my greatest friends.
Im so blessed 3
we have always been at war with oceania!
Why you over here?
Where you come from?
What sport you play?
O.o
I want to see the Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry documentary.
Should be a good way to know about
Resident Weevil
RT : WILD WILD WEST Caught story on this evening, featured was many plus ..as a local designer fascinating!
me too, let's do it
Well, not entirely like that; but I write about sports in my spare time, so it's what I do here mostly.
Was told to arrive at 6:30 for 7 am appt.
Still waiting for someone else to show up.
Ever get the feeling someone's playing a trick on you?
YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen You know exactly who Bill Buckner is, what he did, and not to bring it up.
Even if you weren't born yet..
Onto lunchout 4 this week, four days in a row!
This is what I do when there's really no way to take a day off.
:
So sad : RT : BREAKING: Mentor Russell Simmons says Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys has died at age 47; had battled cancer.
RT : RT We are really excited about Raggs coming to NYC on July 6 at 11:30 am on Kids Thirteen www.thirteen.
...
TF is up with that?!
damn I forgot to watch Ellen
lls ikr but its all gravy
...but after that I'll be the same age that I used to be now !
aw thanks I really appreciate the support!!
sitting here with my friend tramelle watching the everest college commercial!!
hahahahah
Would love it if you'd check out/review The Inverse Delirium Podcast, a bitesized satire of media culture.
Thanky.
why I do what I do...
because as much as people baffle me people excites and stirs my passion the most!
Amazing feedback about our K A E L A: ...she was simply stunning.
A treasure.
Takes good direction...
also she's flawless!
gokaela!!

Concept of privacy will go away whether we like it or not.
Also we're way excited to see the staff homosexual.
RT : Asian Salad of Turnips  Radishes!
Tasted as good as it looks!
Sign up now for June 14 Cooking Class featuring......
Ppl in local communities are ready for models to activate.
Looking to solutionaries.
CHECK OUT PANDOPROJECTS!
That's what we do.
After years of living a block off gangland in Chicago I finally get my bike stolen, out of a secured garage in Seattle.
Blargh!
We want to know what our readers want to see more of?
What stories do you want to read?
Exciting things planned for the mag!
Nene' back inRT : The Denver Nuggets are turning into the walking wounded...
Nene rolled his right ankle early in the 4th Qtr..
Ready for some jersey!!!!
Did you know the first newspaper in MiamiDade County was the Juno Tropical Sun?
Subway or Clabbers Girl?
I have to admit I hate doctor and proprietarygformats.
A world where I can read my book on any reader is a doctoram I hold dear.
So anxious
Everybody come out to Akt Like a Nupe in Zimmer Auditorium!
Kappa Shimmy!
Just got asked if I've grown....
that question has always been the worst but at 24 its downright infuriating
so bad, huh?
Happy Birthday Chord you are the best!!!
have fun in Vegas!!!!
3
I hope comes back to Miami soon.
Wish I could've witnessed his presence tonight!
Lol, 's brother is cute ;
Got to say I am rooting for  CT in the finale of battleoftheexes like too
Just you.
Everyone else should have no fear.
:
GeorgetownLaw will be CLOSED on Monday, Oct.
10, in celebration of
I don't think I've partied for St.
Patrick's Day in 4 years???!!
Nice to see you again!!!
Made Sprinkles brand cupcakes from WilliamsSonoma today...
not totally convinced they deserve their price premium.
Some of y'all must've forgot the Spurs still in the playoffs.
Don't sleep..
I WAS SO CONFUSED THIS MORNING!!!
Hello twitter peeps
Dodged paint buckets on the way to work today...
Didn't the US used to produce great goalies?
Nothing good since Howard....
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
Workshops coming up next!
ROI of Diversity/Inclusion in Miramar I
As a Central Austinite, I hereby deny the right of and to secede.
Finally off!
Seemed like the clock wasn't moving.
Gettin ready to go to NC in a few!
Hahaha there is no way favre is making it through this season!
Find a gap jorge!
yup now its nice, but not soo warm, tho :D
Stink bomb in the lunchroom  loss of appetite
check out seems pretty
Love u baby
When it comes to treating fleas on petsread all labels  administer product according to directionsdon't miss a dose.
I need boy advice.
Like now.
ODawg first HR of season today!
I don't predict the future I don't care about the past
lol.:P ya know...banana.
And uhm.
Pooh bear.
:EEK At that save
This week went by fast, just the way i like it
It's about that time!!!
Back on twitter!!
:D
Congrats.
I had no doubts you'd be ROY!!
Thanks for everything you did this year
I know :P
No one said that international shipping would be easy, did they?
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
Update!
After happy hour tonight met 50 or so classmates.
I've only met 6 professorssors though.
.
Looks like there are any clips aval.
from Shakti Butler's Mirrors of Privilege: Making Whiteness Visible, see Youtube
I'd love to caddie for Zach Johnson at the 2012 ATT Pebble Beach Pro Am attcaddiecall !
Cross the street when ever they feel like it without looking
Just read your tweet.
Seeing the nine is going to take a lot of getting used to after reading so much We want 8.
Jet Set Fridays tonight it's Las Vegas's Most Talented !
Next year should be even better RT We have post traumatic Tour disorder!
that would probably be a good idea.
Haha Karen
Oh look, a PR guy is creating an award to give to himself.
Thank you Arin
Eddie Pepitone goes first!
He's talking about an intense conflict with a neighbor RT who went first
duke, Kansas, Ohio St and Wisconsin
Priming the projectors.
2 more days!
Hex Dispensers RULE!
gotta be a better way
batting cages?
Yes please.
Free concert in our Rotunda tomorrow night at 8!
UCLA jazz studies students will perform music by a variety of jazz legends.
Don't miss it.
Also today is National Bagel and Lox day.
That one I know how to celebrate!
welcome back to NYC come visit me rt  : Hoping this flight has wifi!!!!
nycbound
Why do humans have to wash their hair every day but dogs hair get touched all day and they rarely get washed?
deepthought 
Wow!
If you're able, check out Mt.
Hood right now  it's so clear out it's breathtaking
thanks so much Fred.
doctoram on..
tam8 Yeah!
I got Science or Fiction right!
LMFAO I SAW THAT
I want the clippers to beat memphis .
On a webinar with the United States Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration for SGA/DF PY1103 Panel Orientation
So sad there's just one day left  SXSW for me.
Heading back to DC tomorrow but I'll definitely be back soon ATX!
Greatest Playoff comeback ever?
Maybe...but Blazers Gm.
4 comeback from 23 down was impressive too.
We got the Lions in the Super Bowl Next Year
I want to see Napoli walk it off he really needs/deserves it
I caught Luke Bryan's pick!!!
On a side note, I'm officially an underwear model.
liesthatalwaysworked I'll give you half now, half after you're finished.
Guy told me I have an identical swing to Dustin Johnson....I'll take it
Surprised by the sunshine this morning!
Hope it lasts while I go show a house in Alexandoctora!
Coming up on NBC15  11...doctors keep a woman's brain from becoming damaged even after her heart stopped beating!
What a story!
Thanks for the warning.
Server upgrades!
Should be up in the next 15 minutes!
RT Oh no!
Looks like your site is down :
There's a wedding show in early September
Get me out of here
I say that too.
We pay much more than students in other countries.it's crazy
yeah, no they are not pilots LOL.
I didn't know happy hour was this early.
Your daughter's school report  hilarious.
Go Charlotte!
oh crap it's troy!
What is Freddy?
Lol.
Let's make this happen!!!
Totally unmovie related: Anyone else watching the Stanley Cup Playoffs?
Great time of year!
IdFangirlIfJustin shot me.
Ew, Tomorrow is Monday
hey jenn i love you!
your videos are amazing!
I feeling goofy ..
Mortgage companies pared their payrolls by just 300 fulltime employees in September, compared to 3,400 cuts the prior month
Baby it's not just me, but its you too :
girl, you're just at Nerd 101 but you show great promise to become a Master Style Maven
i smoke good it aint thay
thanks for the mention and keeping in touch!
;
we are not taking on any new artist right now, but i'll check it out send to demos  suchrecords com
just ordered new roman shades!
they are soo pretty, i'm in love.
You got to interview Yael Naim, I'm so jealous
Ay man I need a graphic designed.
Could you follow and dm me so I can talk business.
congratulations and thank you Jimmy
It's my pleasure; you are all outstanding hosts!
Best for the week
Where are you going?
thanks for the K!
I gotta make it my family deserves da better things in life.
U KNO IT'S RICH!!!
Are You who You were a year ago?
I want you to notice me.
wow what a life!!
I am!
Given the tiny travel budget we're given I have to choose carefully, but it will fit this year.
Happy Birthday You are the Best
sourcefest Abel Lopez says he feels there's not a lot of work being written about DC.
the great is sitting here BLOWING UP your cause to tons of celebs!
Great job today man, proud of u!
ReadersAdvisory help  Audiobook with multiple narrators or a narrator who does multiple voices.
Story unimportant.
Suggestions?
Go!
I wanna see the pictures from today!
:
exactly.
Enough said.
Congrats to preseason trainee for his commitment to Belmont Abbey!
Thanks for the follow Brady doctorms.
You guys have some sick snare doctorms!
Will send you doctormageddon Manhattan when it's done!
I am guessing
Any photographers who love to retouch or edit photos?
Here with Brandon but my mouth hurts like hell fml
Happy Pi Day!
Methinks I'm going to bake that apple pie I've been craving to eat lately.
M.
Work training
I will do my best.
If I can't go to the workshop, a beer I should be able to do.
I'm proud of U4 being dedicated 2 finishing UR thesis.
Love UR icon  background!
Please follow back.
Thank you 
thanks John : Happy to see your face, even if only in my mention stream  miss you!
I love the new Seeger live album...EXCEPT,it's the worst mastering job I've ever heard.Just reprehensible.Crowd louder than Pete.
I hate thinking about somebody more than I should
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do, barbrastreicand,
Indiana OFBCI thanks for the follow.
damn im killin in beer pong
chris just went and cried in a corner bc stephanie didnt know his name!
:
Volleyball practice w the uglies.
and her sister and maa peeepssss.
BYOB2011 was fabulous  says niche to get rich
Getting schedule ready for ISTE conference in Denver
We're here.
This con is so much bigger than last time I was here.
I have no idea who else...
My mom saw the results not me..
I was sleeping when they came out.
Haha
local and working on new ideas
Bubble bath!
Old times lol
I agree...
Take him to hooters...
Every young man should go there!
Money is merely a tool that is to be used to accomplish the greater purposes God has for our lives.
Watching jerseyShore reruns oh I love
Really Aaron Craft?
Four fouls
did you mean to send us a message, got your tweet but no message attached
i feel so bad right now , i wanna cry ':
You're such a cool friend.
so much paaaiin
who cares.
Our pasty project has sold out!
Can't wait to see all of you on Sunday!
Hurrah!
...
outside of putbacks off rebounds, assisted layups and wide open alley oops, Blake Griffin has very little offensive game.
plus, no D.
COME ON SKINNY LOVE JUST LAST A YEAR.
POUR A LITTLE SALT, WE WERE NEVER HERE.
MY MY MY, MY MY MY MY MY
Omg..
Leave already!!
I want to make a sandwich so get your ass out the door and on your way to school !
Has anyone had success finding talent with ?
get a pair of guie handmade fairtrade shoes Houston gals by contacting me at or 7135188406
FUCK YOU CORAL SPRINGS FLORIDA
I didn't realize how incredible it was in WI until I had to visit another state and choked on the smoke filled rooms.
For a second I thought Gene was going try to kick that ball into the stands.....
NEW DAY, NEW OPPERTUNITIES!
Omw back to LA to get back on the grind!
Audition tomorrow big meeting Tuesday nowplaying Till I Collapse
Got an advance review copy of a book.
Feelin' super legit.
wake and bake
Omg...
Pucks starwars boxers
used to see it in college, people would take the bus up Bascom Hill in Madison.
Stupid.
Lazy.
Went to Snooze yesterday AM with inlaws for breakfast.
YUM!
Definitely going back there this summer.
aww those are like the cutest fit for u!
I dig them.
And sorry about ur lip hope it gets better soon :
I need all of my followers to do me a favor  follow !!
I will give eah and one of you a shouout!
RT when you followed her!
im section 111 also
I hope Portland offers me the escape I'm looking for..
Be the change you wish to see in the world...
Since the imperfect game?
you're very welcome.
I always make it harder on whoever's coming next 
hey B how is everything going??
i hear my brotha was AWESOME at the Roxy in LA last night!
Catching up on watching some webcasts on a rainy day
low effort thinking That one.
You might want a second career in satire
Love Life
The truth is that Boredom is just an excuse for being lazy...
text me
ftown!!
Haha that place is awesome

24thmeatball chefs joining is for Saturday's Parmigiano crack.
Noon!
Wine!
Food!
And Cheese!
Yay
if i ever become a mountaineer i promise you'll get more than 3 slides in my lecture.
Sometimes I really hate you...
About this time of the afternoon, pretty sure all historians get bored.
Or punchy.
Everybody already saves time by using the tollway, these improvements will save us even more time  and the roads will be safer!
Thanks so much for the feedback.
It is greatly appreciated.
Are you checking in with us on Foursquare?
Each club has it's own location to check in to so make sure to earn those Gym Rat badges!
so how's everybody's night goin?
lol
John LeggsLeguizamo is my idol.
LA peeps go see GHETTo CloWN.
Amazing!!!!!
and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.
If you want to live a life of significance, live your life in a way that shows those around you they are significant.
OMG  were SO awesome tonight!
So great to see Kerry and Jack's story too!
seems a little unfair to have a funded vs unfunded companies competing?
Cool post!
I'm challenged w/ creating an infographic that depicts Internet layers within the next week.
Complex system indeed!
girl i gottchu
On my way to the airport.
Goin 2 Dallas then san Antonio
Great to see you!
You've come a long way!
Proud of you!
RT : Just was at Langham Creek High school.
Trust me....
I know for a Fact, all there is to know about You.
Piano..Country..Tables..Menu Tasting at Yellowtail with Paladare n J'me
Let us know if you are ever in Seattle!
time to put this account to work!!!
Zine launch today, 4pm6pm, as part of in the James Gallery
It seems many of the crimes on CSI Miami take place in hotels.
Very nice hotels.
I still have an ant farm, only because I like tiny produce.
Don't bother arguing.
You said what you thought happened
lol I dnt really talk to anybody ya know
is full of it.
Awesome to meet you Looking forward to joining, learning and contributing to the group!
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
Anothr great day without tobacco....yet I get to keep on smoking.
Seems odd when you think about it, but I dont question it.
This is my personal twitter.
I was kidding, but you know some folks would say that, right?
don't get too excited it was just a scrimmage!
No opinions shall be formed regarding players until march
So, it's my birthday!
That makes it okay to eat three hotdogs and a pack of peanut MMs between shows, right?
well I can't sleepover anyone's house bc tommorow is mothers day :
I had fun bonding with the old upright piano today.
Replaced the broken wheels with a perfect match.
Then we made sweet music together.
BullPenMafia hasn't allowed a run
: has white hair and rides bikes..
RT : There's a huge difference between giving up and knowing you had enough.
Oh no!
Cooper just discovered the WWE.
Says his friends have been telling him about John Cena.
Not sure where this went.
Out of town at least one day that weekend.
When were you thinking?
Shut the fuck up.
Enjoy one of NM's finest solo pianists, Bob Tate tinkling the ivories in our Black Diamond Lounge!
5:00p9:00p
Hey Nissan, knock it of with the stupid truck commercials.
Please make a few exceptions.
:
call me.
Good night.
Hadn't had some time with my love.
hey guys!
Sorry we couldn't meet up yesterday looking forward to meeting with you soon about an event or crawl in january
I'm getting so hyphy for in Columbus June 8th.
np Play your part
That's my dude!
He's amazing
Hey man, it was nice meeting and talking to you the other night at exit/in.
can't wait to see you live again!
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great day and MuchSuccess!
Just bought Stone Brewery's barbecue sauce!
Can't wait to try...
pulled pork for Memorial Day?
I think so!
The Thunder look like their just starting a new season...Fresh Legs!!!
confession...katy perry radio on pandora is helping the morning hum along.
Do u have a blog on parenting or theater in the DMV area?
Review one of our productions for ur blog!
Message us!
Its March!!
Cannot wait for some March Madness!
Still so very bummed about the cancelled Adele show last night.
I sure hope the rescheduled show is on a day I can attend : Off to bed now.

i should have punched the lady on the bus yesterday for saying i just sit around and eat all day.
it's 'cause i'm mexican :P
that would be nice...
: he probably does not want his family to think you don't like them.
I bet they ask him about why you are not there.
you are and I'm not  I miss you fags ...
What are you guys doing?
I went down port where were you fools
Did some DJing tonight in W Hollywood played some great chill Lounge music from around the world including songs off my new Indigenous Souls
BoiseSOC: Day Park on the Bench will be greened up this year, thanks to a donation from the Day family.
Just bought RamonPerez' graphic novel adaptation of JimHenson's Tale of Sand.
Such a beautiful book!!
We offer the opportunity for fashiondesigners to take advantage of an audience of tech entrepreneurs, industry experts, investors at AF.
A Mexican guy black guy and white guy walk into a bar and the white guy says fuck this, I'm not getting shot
Yes, that's what I meant.
You know what I mean RT : more about compressed than shortened, wasn't it?
generally speaking east bernstadt pretty chaotic, hawk creek area sustained great damage to homes in laurel county
we are loving the people.
It seems like all we do is meet the right people who want to help us reach our goals.
More snow today, thought this white stuff was gone for the year.
Trainer time
I'm prolly being treated differently because I'm the only girl
Dyeing my step sisters hair brown when we get home !
how did I miss this one???
Lolz!!!
Luv ya my Sykbro!!!
3
DO NOT Google image poop face.
here is a good person to follow i dont care if its Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Weds Thursday..and RETWEET
My TL  Morning Austin Morning Tyler 3 MY FANDOM ':
Ok!
We'll have it done by Thursday noon.
Anytime for pick up is fine.
Thank You!
And IOU an email!
I guess if we had to lose, best to lose to a Chipper HR.
Aye yo Sean you misterkingstion!
I'm surprised.
itemizers aren't sweating the delay in the forms, most itemzers aren't gett'n huge refunds anyways just try'n to survive tax obligations
doctor Pope, DM us  we can track your phone calls from Yelp  no charge for 60 days trial RT : Visit Maricopa Dental on Yelp!
The FCA is collecting donations for the community of Dunlow, WV.
So I want to text you.
But I don't have you're number.
While you have mine.
But then you don't text me, even though you asked for it...
IM HUNGRY
the quick green fox hopped over the boring dog.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 35
on a trial basis, lol!
What do we need to do to become a must follow?!
that's awesome!
pricing is very good in the cauldoctorn
I love Life a great group.
Let me know if I can help them get in world.
Wish I was in your session
school is starting soon slight break......
He has me smiling from ear to ear.
Happy!
String cheese, red wine, and Revenge.
Wrong, sure, but delightful.
What you choose to think determines how young you feel.
What you choose to remember determines how old you feel.
Actually, I'm beginning to question my roommate's sanity, he's the one who came up with the idea.
Sweet!
Glad you got to hang out!
Mine is of you taking a massive dump, with Fergie's London Bridge in the background
I'll be celebrating Valentine's Day  Oregon's birthday tomorrow by taking two midterms.
Discere Docendo  To learn through teaching
TBH: country music makes my ears bleed, but classical music helps me study, and THUG music makes me happy and post witty statuses hehe:
Enter Me  XL950
exonerated....now doubt brother!
I make mistakes.
I hurt people.
Sometimes unintentionally.
I'm human and i'm still learning.
ASECS folks, stay tuned for a survey asking about your social media professorssional presence and interests.
Vegas StrEATs is hoppin'!
Get down here now for a warm Philly cheesesteak and some great music too.
If I could speak perfectly with an accent, I'm not sure If I'd want it to be Irish or Klingon.
Writing this letter to Veto free Veto!!!
At the Bradley Center for tonights Bucks game, dang the doctorve in sucked!
I still can't get theses to understand that i'm a writein candidate, the next person that says to me I din't see your name on my ballot
Taking 18 credits next semester, only on Mondays and Wednesdays.
looks like NC isnt the move for furthering your edu, trying my best not to pull the race/socioeconomic card on this one but how can you not?
We'd be fine with 1 million.
:
Joined another social networking site!
Sorry about your Nascar wedding doctorams, gays of North Carolina.
NO!!!
What am I going to do now?
:
And I couldn't help falling, and your smile didn't help matters.
Our dining room chairs arrived today.
I'd like finally to welcome myself and into the world of grownups.
I would like The Chili Bowl to return to Oakland Ave.
in Milwaukee.
I miss that place...
Dmv2u don't wait in line I go to you and process your paperwork for you 7028826007 Nevada only
Reading the results from analyses of various samples we collected from a small data recovery project last year.
Science!!
Hearing some very deep thunder so far in southern WI.
Cpl flashes of lightening
Anyones wanna talk to me?
I'm super bored and not planning on going to bed anytime soon.
The mic check for the human mic at occupy is a call and response for attention and permission to speak  like ago!
ame!
Sexy and I Know It by LMFAO.
Always a favorite in my classes!
RT : We're giving away two Ugly Christmas Sweaters tonight!
Follow and RT before midnight for a chance to win!
i would!
:D
Thank Goodness the morning is over.
Headed soon to the South Shore Int'l NATO Youth Summit  Reception.
Interesting point regarding Different from Answers where people vote on best answer?
Writing and tracking is about 95 complete.
Still a few odds and ends to finish up this week.
Economic Uncertainty To Slow Sponsorship Growth In 2012
Glad i can affect your cheeks like that.
RT : My cheeks still hurt from laughing at lunch...
I doctornk a lot of water.
Tune in now on 88.9 FM, live from Pub.
Such a big sound for one guy performing alone!
When did you stop?
what's his connection?
i dont understand??
anna
u better unblock me before this shit get deleted..
U 14 y/o u ..
U and u don't have privacy...
Da choice is urs.
Buy My Ticket Tho
Artemis Fowl by Eoin Colfer: Kid Mastermind Steals Fairy Book!
Most troubling abt Trayvon Martin's case.
Is that it's not even a CASE.
It's how do we justify Zimmerman to set an example
JaVale McGee just made a bucket load of money tonight.
I miss the whitestripes right now
Sure it is.
I knew one of the best groups wouldn't fall out on some homo talk.
Nice work then, they got some serious promo.
Thank you to the valiant folks in the streets of New York.
There is a way to operate this country sanely ad responsibly.
Lets find it tgthr!
Just discovered Digital Summer on Spotify.
Counting The Hours: Great music!
Something is brewing.
Won't jinx it by stating it, but please send thoughts, prayers, goat sacrifices, whatever you do to align universe.
Oh yeah and our EP is doctorpping soon.
More details coming soon :3
Who is preforming this weekend?
Life is a kind of Chess, with struggle, competition, good and ill events.
Benjamin Franklin
The cops are gun happy here, unarmed black people killed and innocent animals.
Even if they lost one of their own its bad in Austin, Chief!!
Mojolicious is just the tip of the iceberg which is the awesomeness of perl, see Dancer, Plack, Moose, Gearman, DBIx::Class, etc.
please follow me
I'm here for you if you need someone to talk to.
Say what u will...
Im a belieber!
you already know:
During a powerpoint presentation, keep your font size larger than 30pt.
cakepdx via 's 10/20/30 rule
go all the way to new jersey an meet the boyz: IB: Madison or Mikey:
LOTS of packed rooms for official showcases!
Who'd you get to see?
I wonder how many ppl be sweatin me like they was my mainz if I was paid like jayz
Well party peoples, my computer is not turning on and I need to recover my files eeiikkk!!!
Not givin up just yet though cuz JESUS SAVES!!
Woo!!
Be careful!!!
Calif's don't know how to handle rain.
I'm an SD native and I still criticize rain doctorvers!
My prayers with out heroes and our victims.
God Bless
Made some killer homemade cinnamon raisin bread
HEY MY FAMILY
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
I don't think we can doctorp students after the second week.
Nice lunch at City Cafe in downtown indy today.
Just a bit
Thank you casting team for rocking out our NBC House Transformers show  you are all amazing!
Hit us up with info u already kno.
oh ok cool lol...you be scarin people bro lol
In order to align more completely with your Light Self there must be a healing, a coming together for you  your inner child.
im from tx
If you only had a short time left to live, would you change anything about your life?
He made the right choice.
RT Now the age old debate...
Watch GameofThrones or sleep...
GoT.
redban on nootropics is alphabrian.
When you use too many different sites to post pics you forget what you posted where.
Or at least I do.
Hope I don't die at EDCNY, ha no such thing as going too hard
Alot of rappers have adopted the whatever we gotta do mentality and forgot about making dope records in the process.
everyone is mad at this girl who got one direction3 to preform at her bday for 12000
great OTS and deepdive interview cases.
Interested to check out www.gotomobile.com
There is a New Star On The Horizon.
PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request Sample and Info.
with britney :
Guys!
This is so creepy.....doctorG ghostadventures
Even w/ the test this morning, its been a pretty good day so far!
Going home early to nap!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Herm Albright
The people who pump me up while I'm on top, are nothin compared to the people who held me down when I was at the bottom.
A mighty tree must catch the Pineda wind.
RT We have a catcher who can catch.
And hit.
Where am I?
You look taller in person   guess we all would if we jumped on board and took part in today's zany holiday  Walk on Stilts Day...
Nah..You not alone..its all about that TeamNuggets over here..
RT KyleDZimmerman Who the hell is calling the shots at FOX?
Half way money 5laps away and a commercial....
Just saw someone doctorssed as a Rubik's cube
Good night my little monsters
Brad Paisley just gave away his guitar to a girl in the crowd...no big deal
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Joe's Pizza  Pizza
Perfect.
The call will come.
Trying to really LEARN how to use Twitter instead of just doing the basic tweets.
There must be an easier way than all this reading!
LOL!
Tomorrow's Good Friday!
Everyone in Boulder should visit Tim in the Floral Dept.
at Whole Foods on Pearl.
The BEST arrangements you've ever seen!
Thanks Tim!
Enjoy National Pig Day with a Stinky and a Chicken sandwich, give the pigs a day off :
i would love to know what percentage of twitter dms are not autogenerated spam.
i am guessing less than 1.
poor Canada, no respect.
Canada!
America's hat!
Well not today, she wasn't with Frankie  Isaac, but i did meet her 3 times 3
Auntie Ange wants one!!
Almost there folks!What are your plans for today's HH?
And I.meant suck.hahaha
Yeyeyey!
Jesus, made you shave!
Salvation!.
Conflict of interest!
Never works out!
: I'm open to take measurements after 4pm today ..
DM or text me !
PARLBLAQUE .
Bailey and I are off to run Christmas errands and get supplies for baking and Christmas dinner.
i did now follow me back bro ;
I need to create myself a street team.
I'm getting ready 2 TAKE OVER THE CITY
Wondered myself.
: I wonder how Gucci feels about Gucci Mane.
Going out to the beach today.
Nice and warm in Galveston, TX!
St.
Patrick's Day Sales: 35 All Top Shelf or 5 more for 4.5g All Top Shelf  Tea Pot Lounge
Since when did it become acceptable to make video Skype calls from coffee shop wifi?
Happy International Women's Day!
I would not be the man I am without the motivation, passion, love,  discipline instilled in me by women!
At this lame boy house ugh he gettin on my nerves lol
Palm trees: not just a myth
RT : Samsung's Galaxy S I reveal should be exciting, but I just couldn't squeeze in more travel.
I'll cover it remotely...
The errors of the Athletics are good teachers.
Ronda  Paula Pierce or trying to do it.
need to come to Chicago !!
Matt Kemp is only slugging .856.
When's that guy gunna show his real talent?!
Hello new lovelies: , , and !
Welcome to the delicious family.
Thanks for RTs, Hilton!
: I feel like you guys hate me, heh.
no.
I'd be willing to bet that getting it in front of others will be the key to their success.
It looks like a catchy program!
America ...land of the lost....
Praying that I do well on this Euro final.
No more doctornking for kyle apperently
It hurts knowing you have time for every thing but not ME
I'm down to play.
I should be here.
Uh oh...
I think I have a case of plagiarism on my hands.
meh...
cheating hurts my heart.
Hold on tight, beginner's mind.
hahahaha so its like a pancake brownie cause its all spread out?!
This is too much for me to handle right now
You were in Cville and didn't tell us?!
Please, please, schedule an appointment to have your pets spayed or neutered.
PLEASE.
:
One more week in Montreal!
Can't believe I'll be back in the Bay in just a few days.
Been too long.
just saw the Rickie Fowler mustache.
can only assume he has a cameo in Super Troopers 2 with that monstrosity.
I'll take a look after I wade through the Dutch, but I'm wondering if Picasa's facial recognition tools work across accounts.
my thoughts exactly.
Forte is going to get paid 7.75 million this year.
I don't feel for him at all.
That is more than most people will earn in a lifetime.
Something to remember: Happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic response.
Mildoctord Barthel
Lmao straight ghetto ridin to Ruby Tuesday !
At work getting it in...
I gotta come off this third shift gig!
Just got in touch with some friends from way back when.
How nice!!!
:
when is your exam?
thanks bro!
I need to get a pocket diary.
Always forget what I'm thinking of.
IS ANYONE UP RIGHT NOW THAT WATCHED GLEE OMG MY EMOTIONS MY HEART
Wanted to get The Higher Caliber albums transferred to vinyl!
Anybody know of a company that can do that?
no doubt.
I'm just glad the Knicks won a playoff game lol
I didn't get Axure for the longest time.
But I think I finally get it now  love the interactive part!
secrets out girl
Someone take me to red robin!
Hahahah my moms like you should try to marry Natalie she'll make a lot of money
Love it!
My family is so messed up...
I wonder if it is normal lol
Just dissected a cows heart.
It was so cool
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
The TRUTH !
Now is the time where I should be getting a lot of sleep.
I need a lot of sleep.
But I'm not asleep.
And I'm getting up in 5 hours..
Okay.
Critics Consensus: The Three Stooges Is Sometimes Funny, Sometimes UnSoiten This weekend at the multiplex, we've got two Howards and a F
paintthewall.
I LIKE IT!
if you don't leave me the freak alone, I'm going to sick World Peace on you; he could give 250 of you a concussion at once.
Come on down!
We are open until 10:30 tonight.
RT : I could use some of 's Champagne Sangria right now.
all about the ligaments...
St.
Xavier and Eastern have now combined for 14 runs, 14 hits, 2 HRs and 8 errors after just 4 innings.
Schuette in to pitch for Eagles.
Haha I still watch Goosebumps with my 9 yr old brother and sister!
I loved the books when I was little :P
Angels!!!!!!
and make sure if you have a instagram your following  torystyles
Sad Story !
Shame on you
Rumor on the street is running in the cold can get you sick.
It's pretty warm inside here at Anytime Freret.
Sign up and not get sick!
Wtf new York?!?
Ok I've sent DMs and tweets out the yin yang but no answer from
I need an app on my phone to connect to the douches Bluetooth doctorving next to me so I can fart in his ear.
Going to jump in the shower !
We are leaving on Tuesday  early :
oh yeah...
loved that!
3..you know i'm sensitive..you know i try to be strong.
You know i try to smile...
haha that's me.
lol.
No problem.
Good morning!!
Preparing to go back to school and get a degree not a certificate...
Fuck ATI...
808Pride if u wanna have a best friend make it a boy that loves to shop and has money cause u never no when u need mire shoes
Forget wardoctorbe, I have a major hardware malfunction.
Printer has declared independence from the PC.
Must quash the rebellion.
No idea how.
Follow our blog....
Blog.Peasinablanket.com
I'm going to the fair txt me womann :
lol.
Don't do it Adam : You're very strongest Victorian :
Oh.
That would be awesome.
I loved Avengers.
I can't believe they crammed that much stuff in cohesively and perfectly.
Fa sho I'm plug you wit this new btch I bumped yesterday.
She's DTF all day.
I'm send her your way.
Life has gotten real busy lately.
I predict an unforgettable summer.
LUKE BRYAN, I LOVE YOU
Dp you know a good shop, do they have a group discount?
:
I hope my brother come through for me on this favor
But I've adjusted to the lonely bench.
If you let me, heres what Ill do..Ill take care of you
i passed the pantless message to the tiny tot!
she said my bad
Life is better without some people!
Several upcoming Us Olympians from Chicago  bring home the gold guys and gals
No offense to you guys of course.
You're the sane ones.
:
A free NHRA doctorver autograph session will kick off the annual NHRA SummitRacing.com Nationals, April 25
So disappointing when looking for a beer bar in AZ and 1st ones that come up are Rock Bottom, Gordon Biersch  BJs.
This needs to change.
my job rocks!!
we want jrointhemorning !!!!
how confused are you
that's the greatest thing I've ever heard!
RT : is killing it right now!
Angel on my shoulder but a devil in my head!
I'm gone be up all night..
Studying
Please follow on my new twitter
yup, we need all the votes we can get!!
:D
positive thoughts
but you make it look good!
Gotta love a game 7
Hey give JohnnyStellard a big hug for me!
Have two good shows today
HEYY I SAW YA POST ON FACEBOOK SO FOLLOW BACK XX
Cops say all the food has to go.
Givin us hard time at Northwest Occupation
This is a sincere question, not whiny kind: Why only UK and Japan get extra song?
: Happy Mothers Day To 1/2 My Graduation Class Useprotection happymothersday and suddenly this girl became a bitch.
: Hey  always nice hearing from you, killa!!
Jelloooooo!!
Have some new music stuff in the works..
Hate the starting over process but its finally gonna start flowing soon!
I've got a question, who the hell thinks its ok to clip their fingernails on the subway.
The atrain is not your bathroom.
That's disgusting
Not even a bear with a machete can stop me.
or stop doctornking?.....hm, getting use to it it is!!
to resist is to piss in the wind..anyone who does will end up smelling.
knowing this why do i defy?
because my inner voice is yelling.
That's my boy JR Swish!
It's time!
I'm looking at you.
My iCal, gCal and ironic DayRunner are open!
On NPR Talk of the Nation today, the discussion is about BokoHaram which is causing chaos in
good job!
RT : nstic full html version with paragraph level citability at nstic.us at 2pm TODAY
Why do you wan't to text me and message me while i'm doing something, then when i'm bored, everyone goes ghost?
we gotta get you in the studio bro
yes sir...
virtual machine

Wikileaks, you know that thing when D.J.'s pee themselves after having way too much to doctornk.
Whoa!
One of our colleagues completed the competition this weekend.
Color us impressed.
Intense.
Awesome!
Good luck!
Good night folks.
Calling it a night.
I've had enough for one day.
Thanks to everyone for your get wells and kind words.
Much Appreciated.
Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut If I had Any
S/O to for being cute AF
It's fine:
Waiting for the Brewers game to start!
:
I love me dem hipsters.
You wanna be high for this.
Watching phantomoftheopera and sleep day off tomor for workout and flyers to top it off
NOT referencing pop culture in my writing is super hard, y'all.
i followed bak
One lie is all it takes for a person to lose interest in you.
Best thing to do is always be upfront, remain real and tell the truth.
Kneeling Clydesdales?
Afraid my sentimentality meter's going to blow today.
hey please follow me so I can ask you something personally
21 Days until Deathbeat Jam's new single is out!!!
Hear an exclusive demo of it Jan.
14th.
My text inbox just blew up asking about tickets.
This scarcity thing is getting out of control!
Inerview with russian tv is over.
I told them couple words:
Thanks for the share!
I really liked writing that piece, and Kayte was a doll for hosting it.
We gotta keep this alive!
Great day today!
Got accepted into ATAS and got a call for work.
Ya know, it comes with free cake ...
just sayin'.
For one, the tags take 10 seconds to load.
In the 2.7 days the tags already in the database would load instantly.
Reward truly is a function of risk.
Really fun quirky company holiday party.
Speaking to a great group of HBS consultants this a.m.
Does Battleship look like leftover Transformers?
Enough with metal shards please!
And for those who hate H.E.R.......Build a new route to China....if they'll have you  Gil Scott Heron
aw shit!
That rules.
See you there
Can't wait for UCL semi 2nd legs next week, not to mention El Clasico on sat.
I'm sticking with a Real v.
Barca UCL El Clasico grand finale
guys i'm sorry for all jelena fans outthere but justin is going out with jasmine villegas and they are chatting alnight up to morning
Should be back up now!
Kings game
Advertising planner for hire.
Again.
Can we all agree as UK fans to stop saying U of K?
We don't need an of in our name.
Feel free to smack anyone who breaks this rule.
The Restaurant staff was so friendly and amazing!
Plus there was great jazz from So many naturalhair beauties.
Without the aid of trained emotions the intellect is powerless against the animal organism.C.S.
Lewis
thanks for the ping, tho looks like house stuff is going to keep me home tonight.
Enjoy the bar  the view!
:
Test test back at you.
;
That was, in fact, part of my reasoning for getting one.
Its always a good idea to update whenever you can!
getrecruited : Need to go change my berecruited professorle.
These idiots said I'm doing a figure eight right now...
and thought they changed the game smh try paddling two canoes at once suckas
nice to meet you guys
all i want is a dog, a gun, and a motorcycle.
Tim Duncan has 11 points.
Stephen Jackson and Gary Neal have 6 each off the bench.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 5042 at halftime.
Just posted The Official Need 4 Speed Motorsports Bimmerfest 2011 Trailer.
Check it out on FB or Youtube!
facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
A leopard nor Ichiro can change his spots.
Kastles' sisters  are the No.
1 seeds at event in Fes, doctorwing Pliskovas of in 1st round.
Ugh.
Headache.
Sore throat.
Tired.
But I have a meeting so I can't just go home.
At least it's Friday.
Good!
It'll all work out!
instant regret.
Sad day.
John Payton, the President and DirectorCounsel of LDF, passed away last night.
He was a fierce advocate for justice and will be s
Doritos: The Crack of Snack
: Niall cried when they were recording Moments, yet he laughed in a car accident..
That boy.
LawsMenShouldFollow considering most members of congress are men.
Lets start with the Constitution.
Thanks for the shout out Devan!
It was a really fun and informative day!
LOL...trying to get this money....like u
Paul schaeffer is funny.
Our own Vine Pewter will be the human host for the Full Frontal Puppetry shows 3770 S.
Pennsylvania Ave, Suite 2...
Family game of BS Haven't laughed this hard in awhile!
It doesn't take a rocket scientist.....
blah blah tenacious blah blah blah blah tenacious blah tenation blah blahh blah blah TENACIOUS ...
QA: Steven Wright's History of Humor  Esquire
celcius of course.
hellz ya!!!
So excited for the weekend.
Tryin to come to Mpls this weekend?
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 39
Fact.
Not opinion.
And asking for nudes over and over again won't get you anywhere.
Unless you're someone..
C;
Super Bootkamp special coming soon 2017636617
3WordsOfAdvice Don't hold grudges.
Geeeked to play softball during the summer :
I love checking my email...there is always a surprise...lately they've been good...
My wife is reading The Hunger Games.
I'm keep talking to her and pissing her off.
That bitch Katniss has stole my wife.
Just witnessed the world's longest and slowest train.
The excitement of late night austin!
In every dispute between parent and child, both cannot be right, but they may be, and usually are, both wrong.
Not to be a nudge, but when can we expect a new Wdoctor I miss it.
Sorry to see Tango Cafe shuttered in Squirrel Hill.
Murray and Forward seems even more desolate.
jumps up and down I am, I am!
: shehechat starts in 8 minutes!
Anyone out there already?
lets all go to wafflehouse afterwards, yeah?
:
First time in my life of baseball a game was canceled because of rain, but it has yet to rain
Everybody Stop What Your Doing And Please Go Follow This Flawless Account  She Is Amazing!!3 She deserves 12k :
That is very exciting news!
We will keep our fingers crossed here in Chicago.
Good luck to Michaela!
Shit I forgot to take the recyclables out .
this is going to suck.
The sun is shining and doctornks are flowing today at Spanish Fly!
Walking distance from scottsdale stadium  28 tvs showing hoops!
If Browns take TRich at 4 and Miami and Seattle pass on Tannehill, he is worth risk to trade up from 22 to 13 to grab.
People underestimate the skills needed to DJ.
It ain't easy to perform a set in front of people
I just dyed my stepfather's essentially bald head a snappy shade of auburn, while touching up my roots, too.
What narcissistic bonding time.
thank you so much!
cool, geezer.
keep us posted!
What was the first live concert you ever attended?
That's crazy!
Awesome movie.
And there's someone named Newt, lol.
cant believe im going to puerto rico in 3 days
What do you think about the Casey Anthony verdict?
Weighin on www.Facebook.com/newsplex we'll talk about your comments on CBS19
This is when I start to pretend I don't care about my FF team.
it turns out sharpie wars do get everyone on the creative side.
We hope to see you again on 's second bootcamp.
let's get her to indy that's were m frm.
Where r u n the midwest!
The tweet wasn't even about you....
OH HEY SUMMER!!!!!
yes!
Setting the DVR now!
RedSoxNation celebrating 100 years  Fenway today, and home season opener.
TerryFrancona where are you?!?!?!
Just walked by a guy So, you want me to get a manni pedi?
glad you think so!
It's great
That is all.
wait...
u went to whole foods?
but you never go to whole foods!!!
love your new professorle picture celeste :
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier.
Do you have one in mind yet?
Naps after a warm shower are the best.
Sure helped with the headache a bit.
Auction update: a pair of lowerlevel Civil War football tix.
Current bid: 250.
Call: 5035176123
Its not her birthday party : she was at a 2nd birthday party..sorry.
I had to google btvs to figure out what it was.
No, never watched it.
Was Ryan Gosling on the show?
Maybe I should take a look...
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves; and, under a just God, cannot long retain it.
quote Abraham Lincoln
: ThatOnePersonInSchool who loves Justin Bieber!
Ughh to start doctorvers ed on june 7th
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good, and I doubt my mischief can be managed!
0 Currently looking for my cloak of invisibility!
uncovering hidden labor  expertise, 12/9 edition: Erin makes fantastic baked potato soup.
Is it too late to tell you i wish you didnt give up on me?
via  NHL Playoffs Frequently Paused For NHL Pledge doctorve
This dude is going hard on Alphas hahahaha
Welcome to Twitter..Go HaWkS
Capitol Theater  Sunday Classics Brunch and Movie Series  The Original King Kong  Sunday  10am
Tonight the will destroy the  again.
GO RANGERS!!!
It's Official is here!!!!
Session voting has now ended  our fearless volunteers are off to compile a schedule!
At thatcamppenn!
Looking forward to learning all sorts of fab digital humanities stuff today!
Follow Please?
i Wont Give Up Till You Follow Her:
hour plus to kickoff and I have NFL pks from 105 cappers and growing with 2 consensus and the Ravens are a land slide at 5510..watchout
There is only one success  to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
Enjoy the momentS
Beerbattered fish  Green Flash West Coast IPA on tap; it doesn't get any better than this!
Tonight I complete my website!
Tomorrow we are live!!
I'm so happy.
I've reached for the Milkyway Nd still going strong!
ship this one
Wanting to convert your car to CNG?
We've got you covered!
Give us a call at 6411581
Bo Kinney: Familiarize urself with other information services in the community to make effective referrals.
Got in my car after work today and noticed my mileage was 91111, just a few hours from midnight on 91111.
Also, the temp guage read 91.
Webb's conversion is good.
Japan reclaim the lead, 1514
Worst of the storms have yet to come.
Can't wait!
:P
When someone says No Offence, what they really mean is Im about to offend you, don't get mad...
alright,ill ttyl...gotta get back to work !
Can't believe it's already thursday.
Would love to hear your feedback.
Building anything cool?
We know you're bored Twitter/Facebook, which is why next week, we will have a new song up.
Oh and a show on Tues.
Don't know where tho.
K
I have spanish to?: me gusta Vicente
Hehe nope nope n.n
man!
It sure is quiet on twitter today from that great britian side.
Don't here any rants and raves about NCAA
CHECKOUT 'S NEW JOINT WAKEUP ON YOUTUBE HE SPEAKS THE TRUTH ABOUT LIFE!!!
ALSO TGA via YoungSkyscraper
My soul thirsts for God, for the living God.
When can I go and meet with God?
Psalm 42:2
Chelsea are doing pretty damn good with only 10.
Come on CHELSEA!!!!!
Now I have a thermostat that is understandable I save lots of energy.
Brush gradens today!!!
tonight's elimination was rigged!!!!
shouldn't have went home!!!!
October 24th  830pm sharp we will be dancing thriller as a tribute to Michael Jackson while raising money for Make a Wish foundation!!
Can you put you menu on your Web site?
nice garbage can !
I have the same one :p
In the countdown mode.
BAD BOY, my newest erotic romance, is released tomorrow .
.
.
on my birthday!
Spicy hot.
Heroes are often the most ordinary of men.
Henry Thoreau quote life
I'm always the one apologizing.
Not once have I ever heard you say I'm sorry.
do you have shaky hands?!
Ok, badassery continues through the end of the week, then I swear I'll return to being doctor Harris
Watching kiss ass I've avoided this moviie cuz everyone kept saying how good it was but now I'm interested in it and its a good moviie
Accent specializes in executive car service to/from Phoenix Airport, PhoenixMesa Gateway Airport and Scottsdale Airport.
: Thanks for helping at the food pantry.
Tell It!
Good times tonight.
Nice to meet you!
This documentary 
We Will Be doctorwing a winner for Tickets at 11am, Tweet you want to take 's DBacksVsGiants Tickets if you want to win!
Ha!
A nap on lunch time!
Take that corporate world!
Where u at bro?
Aw snausages.
I think I have the dm's cold.
How on earth do you keep this from happening?
It's not like we share toothbrushes.
hanging at the SEC tourney with misterand Miss Texas Pete!
I'm missing something with this guy Ryan Grigson in Indy.
Constant communication?
Hope he uses email!
Ask your girl who she reps, she say JETS
imagine if scientist used poetry to bring out the natural beauty within their scientific findings?
Just a thought.
Done teaching for the weeknow to really turn up the action on art making.
One week of work left until
sorry ladies and gents i promise we will be getting to back to everyone messages...
we have a lot...so give us time please...
thanks
You'll be missed but THX!
MT Working 4 tonite in lieu of HHAwards helping usher in next gen of amazing DCtheatre artists
Before I believe Its True, Tell me that you need me like I need you, Before I believe Its True.
Randy Rogers Band
balled so hard i need motherfucking nap  that shit cray
Thanks for contacting us!
In Love we find a wider world, a more complete embrace, a new horizon.
Just saw countrystrong for the first time.
What an inspirational flick!
Makes me wanna get this countrymusic career started sooner!
Morning World!
Make This Day Count!
Got a New Home??
Just Moved In??
check out some rugs we carry.
COUPON: NEW15  15 Off your order
SundaysontheGreen was great as always!
Can't wait for the next one.
We're out of here.
Check us out tomorrow at Hollywood
Thanks for following
Jews are gross.
It's the only religion with ew in it.
Pahahahahaha
Very unpleasant experience.
Had to hire another van  3 men to help your doctorver w/ our piano delivery today.
Poor unorganized svc.
can u send them for people not attending?
Getting Ready to doctornk a High Calorie Protein Shake!
Don't go collecting your records and changing your number, now
I saw giant eagle get go had it free today...for your air needs in the future.
Wish I was down at , but Easter is more important so the will have to wait.
See you soon salty!
we would love to set something up!
Please email or call Kate for more information: , 3127393900!
oh my god tonight fucking sucks i hate my dad so much
It was a great semester!
Good luck on final projects and lmk if you have questions!
Who squeezes zits in a public restroom?
Wasn't able to make the Nike Coaches Clinic in Vegas this year..
It's all good, next yr..
My wife is ok with it !
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret.
Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
glad you could join us tonight!
Coffee  pastries await at tomorrow morning :
SMFH if your avi is a picture of you half naked, just to get more followers.
Currently participating in a Tweetchat as two very different brands.
I'm going to need therapy after this.
had a great nights sleep...
I only hope his nonsense doesn't ruin yet another day
It really was, and al after non too!
ah its late good bye peoples :P
I would rather walk through hell backward, 1000 times, than stand in line at bmv.
Please RT: We can get a VAGOP majority in the Virginia State Senate with your vote.
Make sure to vote Republican this
Thanks for reading it.
Having a good weekend so far?
I guess you cant text girls from random numbers.
Yeah but you have to come to Hami because I'm grounded remember.
Lol
haha I got what you meant.
Its sometimes better not to watch what you have big money on.
Thanks fam, glad u liked it..
thanks for the retweet
are you ok?!?!
why you sad?!?!
do you want to talk about ah!
?
i hate seeing you sad my love /3
It was nice meeting you too!
It was a fun night at the Tap Room.
ok what u want to talk about
I gotta calm myself down ASAP, but Its hard though b/c I just keep amping myself back up!
Smh
i just got asked if pete alexander was spinning tonight.
umm,i froze and didn't know what to say.
i shoulda say no, he's wack.
It takes a lot of courage to forgive someonebut it takes an even bigger courage to ask for forgiveness!
I Want To Wish the Queen Of Country misterLoretta Lynn A Big Happy Birthday And Many many More
My calf's are on firreee from bouncing all night
If you love expository dialogue, scifi jargon and garish late60s Technicolor, you're in luck: TCM is running The Green Slime right now.
So I did!
RT New Yorkers: go outside!
It's perfect out there!
Let's find out  Scott is looking for an assistant editor in LA to start asap for a couple wks.
Know anyone?
ITS JUST A FEW DOLLARS LOL
Does she already have a Twitter handle?
shehasdoctorvejustlikeherDaddy Congrats!
my muffin is so cute, Maddie God bless you 
We're officially a bit more than halfway through this EP!
Counting down the days until it's done...
I just reserved my tickets to hear Mike Huckabee speak next month.
I don't think I've been this excited for anything in about 32 years.yay!
BUNNY BASH!!!!!
CASH doctorP!!!!
Two weeks from TODAY!!!
Club 212!!!
BEAUTIFUL!
That is all.
aww pretty doctorss!!
111 in Vegas ouch
I love feeling like this.
3
Write more, of course!
I go to 2 for 1 happy hour and do the same thing.
Aww.
Ur so lucky to have such creepy friends.
Maybe if we started calling birth control child sex abuse the Catholic church would take a more permissive view of it.
I get email, then click email, then in a convo I can't understand unless I click another link to read the article  2 clicks
The blink 182 show and therefore my entire upcoming road trip has been cancelled.
I'm seriously fucking devastated.
extremely accurate.......they were robbed.
A nice back rub.
that's what I need lmfao so sore kenn
Thank u Ms.
Getting ready for work
have you noticed that the media often just talks to itself?
interviewing other media people instead of original sources?
Spin on spin.
Ight shidd im funa buy a ticket I don't know anybody who tryna go tho
Ill love you forever if you picked me please :
yea grandma used to say we so bad we d tear the devils asshole lol
Thanks for the follow back
This one chick gums look like swisher sweets.
u got a tootsie roll I V in yo mouth
Damn, TLot!
Sorry to have let you down.
not this time but have played several times in the past.
Very good except weak par 3 9th hole.
Up from a super nap!
Now headed to The Atrium Lounge to rock the house w/ !
but his values werent enough to get him big labor endorsements.
He learned it isnt just what u believe but how u believe it
RT I wanna shop at Mall Of America
will do!
Never used twitter until like the end of Nov.
Just to get to follow my daughter by Christmas no luck and I have 6 days left
Thanks for the follow, !
Would luv help spreading volunteers needed awareness for VegFest2012!
Day 1 of vacation: toured mammoth cave national park in KY.
Beautiful!
Just 1 more follower til 30 can u help out?
awesome start; did the kids figure out how to move the workspace around to different planes?
I miss Jessica.
:
So the one time I really need to take a shower, the water ice cold.
This has not been my week at all.
These chocolate covered raisins 
I have been bad mouthing your game for months now, but after last nights game I will keep my mouth shut!
You still got it!
VACO!!!
I spent most of my high school years hanging out at Andy P's house.
Went to their very 1st shows.
:
Waybill gotta go and clean your belly button and some other random stuff
It's actually called the Sylvan Hill.
RT : headquarters doing the downhill
R U GUNNA PUT ME IN
that's awesome
Hopefully Franco Nero is still involvedcan't wait to see who he'll play!
After two days of attic work the 'ol body is quite disagreable this morning.
Time to march to the coffee machine!
Celebrating Fat Tuesday in San Diego at El Dorado Lounge with good friends and the Euphoria Brass Band.
You're my type of guy I guess if i was stuck in East Northumberland high for the rest of my life but people change Thank god i did
ON THE WAY TO LED ZEPPPP AH!!!!!!
Withh
Seamus On A Hot Car Roof
Awesome day today.
Getting ready to go to Verizon.
I hope I can talk my wife into getting herself an
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THAT FOLLOWS ME?!
Answer this question?!
If you are heading up to Seattle the Sleeping Bulldog Bed and Breakfast is now on board offering a great discount to our members!
Welcome!
RT : I wonder was that a shot at Rebo lol...
Tomorrow night we will be Lexington at The Green Lantern!
9pm!!!!
Come out!!
Just got the keys to my new place, now I need to furniture shop then start unpacking.
Willing to relocate?
We see you, Barack.
Naval officer cleared of groping colleague
Love it!
How life changes, huh?
I don't lie.
I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Waiting at the Langham!
Thinking about wedding crashing...
Thanks for the follow!
Hope the site's useful!
Does anyone else see the irony in Sinead O'Conner divorcing her addiction counselor husband after 16 days so she could score more pot?
Dig the supersize food court in the Lincoln Park Whole Foods.
going to celebrate a friends successes this week.
A Fielder's choice scores Weeks.
What word play...
ha
twitter is funny, u can erase tweets to cover your tracks but when real folks want to live their lives, the data is stored against us
Discussing robot cats in Semantics.
This is why I love
I truly believe when God closes one door, he opens another.
But sometimes, it sure is hell in the hallway!!

Beauty can be seen in all things, seeing and composing the beauty is what separates the snapshot from the photograph.
Matt Hardy
I would like to adjust retweets and lists in the mobile app.
OR on the web app on my phone.
Y U NO LET ME?
Working on a few custom exercise and nutrition plans!
stateofthecity Mayor touts success of Indy Hunger Network
Justice is what love looks like in public.
doctor Cornel West
Greetings on the Feast of St.
John Chrysostom and happy name's day to all who are his name's sake!
I'm glad this guy txtin me is not following me cuz he would know I'm ignoring him.
I didn't txt back but I'm tweeting lol ha ha
great!
Looking fwd to it!
Thanks!
Bitch!
Lol :p RT : I'm mad for no reason.
mushrooms are gross; but i likey me some goat cheese!
MVP!..no question
...
The feeling of knowing you have created something great  Priceless
Pens have an underachieving goalie.
Flyers don't have a real goalie.
Could cause problems.
It will be interesting.
LOVE the professorle logo!
Flailing ponytails, cool for WNBA, not cool for NBA
The Performing Arts Exchange 2011 Conference opens today.
If you are attending please stop by our booth 226 and say hello.
You'll see a link on the left rail that says claim company after you log in.
Please let us know if you have any other questions.
Great work on that piece.
I enjoyed it.
Cowley are you aware of the situation with the Marquees?
Thank you for your feedback.
We will alert our facilities department.
You know know I'm a shy person, too, right, trying to navigate this social universe, OK?
last shopping trip before coachella.
beyond excited, round two.
money follows passion
Jocks don't like it when you try and rock out in the free word
Long story.
I'll tell you sometime.
Sa work ako ngayon e.
: I did.
And he said sure.
Habitat for Humanity Jimmy Carter Work Project in Haiti this week.
Awesome rebuild effort with thousands of volunteers  supporters
ThatAwkwardMoment When Your Crush Walks Into One Of Your Classes And Your Friend Has To Be The Loudest To say somethin
Do Good Get Rewards thanks for the follow.
Every time there is a new network there are opportunities for innovation and new ventures  semi, internet, ecommerce, social, cleantech
follow me cause i'm sexy
haha me and my neighbors are throwing julie an early bday party!
in my hood, next friday night!
Already follow :D
We told you you got this.
Hope it was a great first year!
Oh my goodness!
Fishfest 2011 is TOMORROW!
We are so excited!
Look to those who are more successful and learn from their experience.
HerbalLife Mint Chocolate meal replacement shakes are stupid delicious!
Keep tabs on the exciting changes.
Thanks for the mention!
that is, was, and always will be one if the best movies ever.
Roger, roger.
Over, under.
Ever seen a grown man naked?
That awkward moment when you feel like tweeting something just so that ONE PERSON can read, and you realize that person doesnt have Twitter.
who of the winterhawks are old enough to stick in the AHL out of this next year?
Totally spilled my entire bowl of oatmeal all over the living room carpet.
Looks gross, but definitely easier to clean up than upchuck.
Did you purchase the new UK Jersey....Platinum!!!!!
So sick of everyone
jasmine v's boyfriend
let me know if ya find the game dude!
3
Bet funny.
Gotta sqeeze gospel in tha show.
Only 2 get back 2 we the best smh.
Lol
it's always the little things right.
Happiness isn't always winning the lottery or going to Disneyland.
: Thunder or Lakers really gotta worry about da Spurs dem old niggas hoopinI been sayin this since the lockout
make it
Waves back at  you go that right :
fuck the iPhone 5, the only difference will be when asking Siri where do i find a good blow job, she'll have results.
who wants to do something today?
RT : Let's make it a productive day, I sure plan too.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
IF NOT I'M GONNA CRY :'
Quick am I colorblind?
I do text back.
Get in for FREE, and start making money joingscdoctoram.com
NoThInG tO CooL To TaKe Me FrOm YoU , !!!!!!!
mARRY tHE nIGHT i lOVE tHIS sONG
Holy shit.
It's way too hot.
ok, maybe these fans were on to something.
Schlereth has given up 2 and counting
big part of restoring health is restoring hope
American airlines stranding people delays Dallas foe ten minutes no options rest day?
They should hold flights their error seriously bad ser
Fullerton Competition tomorrow..
Rain rain stay away
Advocates are superheroes for kids everyday
Talking ANGEL 8.0  benefits of Content  Community in the ANGEL Office Hours meeting.
www.blackboard.com/angelofficehoursregistration
i dont think i'll get much sleep tonight..
Got my store running and full of merchandise!!!
Almost time for glee !!
Soo excited!
Hi Jarem  we'll certainly do what we can.
What day do you need the cards to arrive?
u r missed dearly here in colorado
Pitbull, Prince and Enrique concert should be worth it.
Except no clue who Prince is : he sings good though.
my bday is monday.
tomorrow is my sons bday!
n yes tgif!
lol
Oh it would also be great if I had friends who actually gave a shit, but I mean I guess it's
Im finna start saying that shit....
that's classified!
We may need a 5 sec delay imposed on Fox'a The Five.
On 2nd thought, Nah.
Gives 2 much 2 talk about.
Plz give misterBeckel a Twitter lesson.
Thanks to for donating a mini portrait session to the raffle!
She takes beautiful pictures!
Another great college football game tonight.
Come on
Boston and the Lakers play Thursday.
It would be cool to see Kobe pass Shaq and Pierce pass Bird in the same game.
I get high high high
I see your point!
RT :  90 is where it gets way too hot.
85 is the start of too hot.
100 is ridiculous.
I'd probably use white wine instead of the red I used with the beef.
Okay, I'm going to stop talking about food now.
I can take care of this for you.
Go Bulls, fuck the Heat.
Awardwinning musician Jim Gill brings his music to Galleria Lib tomorrow  9:25 and to Paseo Verde Lib  1!
Fun for the whole family!
Josh live by the 3 Josh die by the 3
Watching Looney toons laying down on the couch
YouGettinPunched If You Claim You The Truth N Real Af But Talk Shit Behind Ppl Back.Ha Typical Bitch.
Still paranoid from The Porch Incident.
I swear, if I EVER find a gecko in my apartment, I'll pack my bags right away and go back to Indy.
hey bill, your site's twitter plugin wants to add an extra  sign, might want to check that out.
Shooting Cleopatra theme with one of my favorites
aww it's ok Katie we will just wait another day !
let's see...the only way a ball goes over your head in that situation is if it goes out of the ballpark
Bueller?
Bueller?
Bueller?
He's over here on Twitter along with his sister and girlfriend
UPDATED 7/22: Phil Spector Presents the Philles Album Collection Due From Legacy  The Second Disc
i just got called by the army recruiter.
no thanks, active duty is not for me :
Had great Sunday Skills Training sessions today in Atlanta, Peachtree City, Birmingham, Charlotte and Charleston.
ha...
okay, I will work on that :
i just killed bango so ill be there in a second
Eating at a cafe in Chonburi.
Food is SO cheap here!!!
RT I wish I loved anything as much as doctornk girls love taking pictures.
Getting to a restaurant right before a huge line begins to form for Mother's Day may be one of the most satisfying feelings in the world.
how was the LaJollaHalfMarathon ?!
Perfect weather!
IKR!
So did I.
It was a great feeling.
:
We are so lucky that Chicago has who is willing to try to get the boyz back!
:
We apologize and are working with our network providers to get this resolved as quickly as possible.CS
The freedom to post jobs for veterans should be free www.purpleplacement.com
Hurry.
Already missed one!
RT : If you love voting, you may want to consder moving to Wisconsin this year.
CGQ will be making the steak taste better this weekend at Pete Miller's Evanston.
Th, F, Sa, Sun.
Come hear us swing a tune or two.
we been through it all.
from the goods to the bads, rise to the fall
Great to meet you!
May the odds ever be in your favor for today's screenings ...
so excited.
SIGNING IN CHICAGO!!!!!
Please!
Milwaukee Bucks 30 Detroit Pistons 25 End Of 1st bucks pistons nba
: A deft approach to a tricky topic
....but it just hasn't seemed to come together yet.
Nearly as frustrating, my 33yo wife has never skied either!
I'm ashamed!
It's Monday!
Today we have Thomas and Dana available to tattoo after 2pm!
As well, Nando has time after 6pm!
Heading to Miami for my stress test
does lolanthony from youtube have a twitter?
i need to follow this boy.
The Refs made that way more than it was
Scrolling down my TL and unfollowing people
the onion AV club has called border states: thoughtful as it is powerful do you agree?
pick up a copy of Remaindermen's fantastic record
But then again...I can't even write my own for the TT TrashYourExTuesday because the character limit is too small to even participate...
I KNEW IT!!
LOL You the man Bernie.
He has lots!!
RT : My Raiders loss!
But FAMILY FIRST!
shout out 2 i kno you runnin out of endzone dances hes abeast
UGH I HATE YOU LEBRON
New iPhone 4s, so excited!
It's a beautiful night!
Good night tweets.
Just walked Addie and Duke!!
1 I'm outta shape 2 Addie is a horrible walker!!!
Another Day and OPTIMISM is KEY!!!
Let's see how it goes!!
Today is just a straight out struggle...
yep they working the hell outta me, but enjoying the money!
: Can't wait to go to Coaching U Live clinic this summer.
Thanks Brett, you will LOVE the event!
The sky is high, the cloud is low.
But my water technique is hard to beat...
I was in the best mood but now im kinda annoyed...
Gonna eat my dinner , shower  then bed..
Why is Howard wasting his time on YouPorn when you keep telling him the real gold is at TubeGalore?
hmm I wonder how?!:/
I hate the Giants, and even I think that would be pretty sweet!
Mulva/Junior Mint episode is on TBS right now.
PhoenixMesaScottsdale, Ariz.
In March 2012, one in every 242 housing units received a foreclosure filing
I went to one of his shows and he is great live.
He's local : the lyrics hit me,so i used the song.
4am and I can't put Pillars of the Earth down.
It's gonna be a long day.
i would love to see that!
damn the porn bots are out to get us today on twitter
Humility is sexy.
Holiness is beautiful.
And Christ above it all is the number one priority.
we need u...
Keep it going let's get sum points on the board
That's awesome.
You'll love it...perhaps we need to release some more styx vinyl??
I know this is Canadian Steel
thanks homie!!
Yes we do, lots!
not sure who you are or where you got that info but you're certainly not correct there...
You will be 20 more productive
CosbyKid84: Never discount the power of the Lord because that same power dwells inside of you.
Me and my bestfriend both got hawks landing , hopefully this means I'll get to see her more...
Speedbusters is everywhere.
All the time.
We know when you're sleeping...
we know when you're awake.
Via , launches paywall and KILLS FOOD SECTION.
No!
Where will I read ?
Watch out for Favre this year.
this could be one of his best years.
that would be beast
this tweet is here to remind everybody that grtrunka is the Swedish word for crying while masturbating
follow me and her always dance to we r who we r
400 followers sweet : back to work
thanks for all the SOs!
What did you think?
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Dale Carnegie
join the family of The Big Blue Nation and you'll be playing in front of 24,000 diehard UK fans every game.
A Scientist who weighed people immediatly before and after death concluded that the human soul weight 21 gms
you next CJ2K?
Somehow, it's already Monday.
Email fatigue is probably out there, but social media complements email, rather than kills it via
morning coffee wakeup song: Sidewalks of San Francisco
Come to the HappyEndings premiere tonight..
Monday Night Football's gonna be boring anyways.
Niners/Cards?
Yawn.
Just watched an epic doc called American Hardcore.
All about hardcore punk.
Gang Green, Minor Threat, Black.Flag, awe shit yeah.
rt , follow , call , text , dm, do anything to make me smile for once .
I never smile /:
SQL Temp DB is heavily used in SP2010; The one you want to optimize first; Change PreSize to 25 of largest content database
I see what you did there.
Happy Friday the 13th!
I bet all u ppl following this kid on twitter doesnt know that im an arab who plays basketball better than this cambodian bitch:
Finally a sunny day here in
There's 1 Reason Jeremy Lin is getting it done when other's don't.
He gives 120 at all times when others don't.
Wake me up when september ends ..
Lmfao
live by faith
Still workin my way thru Thelonius  I get on free jazz kicks about every 6 mns for abt the lst 10 yrs.
Always new, always more
I hope I get this other job!
:D
Avatar is the weirdest movie ever...
How do u shank a 30 something yd field goal woww  shock
actions speak louder than words
did u watch glee ?
Watching the movie in misterNells :DD
Symptoms of the 2 can often occur together.
Although traditional medicine discourages diagnosing one w/ both, several still do.
When people let me down 
Getting fiery.
zinger gets biggest applause so far.
doctormmetteism....
To see a thing uncolored by one's own personal preferences and desires is to see it in it's own pristine simplicity...
Q6 Keep it positive  only put up signs for what you are willing to enforce consistently.
I too have lost friends tonite friends that I thought was close and loyal to me until they bailed ship !
Unless theres a personal transformation, there can be no social transformation.
praying for you!
Thank you for the RT regarding violence against women.
Have a nice and fun weekend!
Holy hell, when is 'Shawshank Redemption' not on.
At joint SEA/Bay area Clojure meetup seeing a demo of leinigen 2 from
so i'm in the house like extra bored.....craving some chocolate chip waffles lolz i'm missing my friends man this really sucks tear
Whatcha got?
iPhone?
doctorid?
Blackberry?
Yeah...we got an app for that!
www.broadwaycab.com
sweet apparently the seats our box seats haha
Thanks!
excellent use of hashtags, btw
Spring Trunk Show this Saturday May 7th 8am2pm, check out our FB page for more info www.facebook.com/visionoptique
Holy hell that's the most intelligent sentence I've ever read.
u need to tweet
Big fan of ur work!
How often do u come 2 Atlanta?
Wud luv 2 have u apart of a educational Speaker series event
Thanks for the great blog post!
Last Kings but I'm still on my queen shit
I like having milliondollar pieces in my studio.
It gives me a little distance from the competitionArchitect Peter Marino
thank you for the shoutout!
cc
SBX doctorve for Charity awards 1K scholarship to Mater Dei Catholic High School senior tonight.
Prioritize inner peace and happiness will always follow.
What is it with men ah right thats it
hey!
Just found your blog though my friend  mentor Donna Browning : Looking forward to following you!
Just followed: follow me back?
I have the feeling!:
So we are working to dethrone gods?
Sounds hard.
These old guys at work are funny...
your mom is awesome.
: SWS is the bomb.
Everything go to waste, Too much money in the way, Got a bball court, Nigga don't even play
voted for you sorry you didnt won :
ikr..LoL .:D i guess justin gave her tickets for TCA too?
Party with us!
We are giving BACK to our friends and fans a bottle special, NO WHERE FOUND in the city!
100 Goose special!
Details?
MSG US!
One more week until summer break...
Glorious!!
I want in
...supershow was made so that smackdown talent could get more exposure
That's my bae now..
Have that late night dark chocolate craving??
NatureValley Granola Thins only 80 cals a square!!
They're Delish!
Cost behavior is often explained by CPAs as the study of how costs change in a business when there is a change in the activity level.
doctorams are the touchstones of our character.
doctoram well characters!
HAPPY HOUR SPECIALs: 3 Domestic Beer 4 Imported Beer 5 Wine by the Glass 6 Margarita's 6 Martini's 6 Mojito's
Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders!!!!
Love this, thanks for 'tweeting'
And Hugo takes Sound Editing
Feb.14th.
Valintines day AMANDA PEREZ live inside electric company
Ran 7.6 miles today!
What have you accomplished?
I saw 60 min on the clock and I was like WTF?!
Now I knw why it's called
It was good seeing you too, def surprised the hell outta me
Asking me to calm down is subtly telling me to get more pissed off.
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland!
give me your emaili'll send u more info on the concert
Technically Sound  Technically sound copy is concise and powerful
Which one did you order?
Palm Tavern on KK.
Freaking creeps I tell u
Hey  A Fond Feliz Cumpleaos and Fun Happy Birthday to You :
Popcorn and soda in hand, waiting for DARK SHADOWS to start.
hey babe u spk spanish Rght ?
:
What you following me for?
This aint no fuckin singalong
I lke that attitude  the more the merrier.
funny in a good way I hope.
RT : See Shopping Guide for !
Catch:
It seems strange to me now that Sean Penn and Madonna were once married.
is that your WoW name?
Excelsior?
AS LONG AS I CAN HAVE IT WITH JALEX
Sometimes you just want a pair of legs around your neck.
Good morning, I hope evereyone had a great Christmas.
I am looking forward to turning the calendar this weekend.
Happy Saturday!
Anyone have BBQ plans?
I could use some burgers :
is this for us code not working otherwise
of course was thinking abt a skirt but it's freezing out their
Strawberries 3 gosh im such a fatty!
:
The only award I got was the President thingy, a choir thing, and a community thing at Honor's night.
Omg this was the best show of the season!!
All the crews killed it including the ICONic Boyz!!
Listening to all morning.
New Amerikana and Oceanea EPs.
Good stuff.
Wow, lol between him and bryantd that's it
My day went from bad to amazing because of and :
If we open your Computer Tower for a hardware repair we offer to clean the dust out for only 5
LA Times writer Mark Heisler on at 9:05 to talk NBA finals!
Also talking Ubaldo, Broncos QBs and taking your calls, 3032971510!
AM 1510
Thanks to everyone who voted for me!
Won't let you down
112 days until the NFL regular season home opener game!
Max Payne 3 is fire
Comeback Kid, Lions Lions, and Friends TONIGHT!
Rocketown  6pm  12!
: We have members and kids in Tonight's IndiansSocialSuite.
Define goals, set priorities, work hard, succeed
Pope Benedict just renamed the New Orleans Saints the New Orleans Sinners!
I'm an independent voter and right now both parties look pretty lame.
bahaha cant argue with that
I missed the beginning of partyy.
Daang Knocks on door
its just scary to chance it.
For me, the David Guetta stuff just doesnt work.
I dont really wanna go there.
doctorke, on producers he's interested in working with
Dang it was busy at the grocery store today!
Why is it that when I need to shop, other people have the same plan?!
It's nuts !!
how much time would that have saved?
Ed Hoculi would have to explain what happened.
Thanks.!
I'll pass that on the researcher.
I passed my stage tech final!
Whoop
Back from ala11.
Back to life.
Back to reality.
There is no limit for RFID technology applications.
If US richies renounce the nation that supports them so, let 'em leave, but their jobs and assets should stay in US.
i didn't know..
now text me back..
Thx for RT'ing our volunteer meet up!
With your support we gained 15 new people for ArtsFunding in
It's prayer time in bloomington.
oh no 246 tomorrow, kill me now or now?
Instead dey got wings n things
Happy birthday
Watchin on Ellen u go girl
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT
I would attend if I could!!
I'm at school right now but I'll go on asap!!
Manuel Criollo of Labor/Community Strategy Cent: LA has largest juve court in the country, but records are not available to the community
Happy Birthday !
choir show day numero 2 hell yeah
omg, that looks so delicious right now!
: excellent breakfast.
Babygirl...You're Exboyfriend Is Boring As Hell...
:RT : This Blackhawks fan thanks you for being amazing.
GoKingsGo!
i'm on follow limit sorry
yall got the whip
ATT
Any chance we might see the ability to challenge people to two games?
One where you have initiative; the other where they do?
mines 2 but it takes a while 2 appear in the time line Dx
Study is just another name for No homework

I have literally spent the last hour and a half talking about all the video games we like.
nerds 
awesome!
Let me know if I can help you get started :
WHY IS MY PHONE SO SHITTY.
dang!
You tell 'em what's up!!
yea I Love BTR and I really don't like one direction at all
Zimmerman sucks too.
And I'm sure he would be happy to inform you now just how much Bryce Harper sucks.
Words are empty until you fill them with actions.
Wish I was at clowes hall seeing David Sedaris tonight...
Sigh..,
Can you save it?
the necklace means a lot to me....
I knew i shouldn't have worn it.
Cool!
MT is on the cutting edge of all this.
check out the coupon app that features all the herewepurple deals and more!
It's FREE on ur smartphone!
www.Qponomics.com.
we believe in the same promise that says this is a place where you can make it if you try.
RT : GOP Primary Update: As expected, Mitt Romney wins Virginia, Newt Gingrich wins Georgia.
Careful where you stand.
Y'all remember Kendoctorck Perkins at Memphis...son balled
only four more econ classes
Today is clearly my retweet Tuesday.
You better praise God for those closed doors because that mean something better is on its way, my God is faithful
it's invisible unless you're part of itSimon Critchley at the student conference talked about Occupy in the past tense
Hey Casey, how about lunch on Friday next week?
awesome I will get ahold of Darni and let you know!
Would love to see you all again!!
he works at StarBucks, therefore you no it's real!!!!!!!xo I swear you  lales are theworst when it comes to Twitter/:
price it is off the chain better than advertised, if u dont have it you need to cop it!!!
God has been so good to me I just want to praise him
lookin like Sunshine with that beautiful smile!
Flatforms are simply a trend I cannot possibly get behind
Are you at the doctorad meeting in Oxford?
Keep an eye out for our colleague Mark Hahnel of.
Follow Mark for more.
Louisville has no better friend than Oklahoma right now.
BoomerSooner 
Our pleasure, we could not have been happier with the result for your state!
ok just let me know when ur down here so we can go searching lol
I mean really all you do gotta do is beat up lol
Hannah is amazing okay.
Let me rephrase the question.
What question would you ask Jackson Galaxy about HIMSELF!
You're speaking my language.
They have them in the States now, but they're a pale shadow of the real Australian deal.
im lost, so lost, im lost at sea.
: Good morning from the NURFC Cincinnati!
Good morning Jamie!
All good  each day of 2010 has been a bit crazy!
Hoping for a silver lining from the election ...
Gerald McRaney?
you have issues ;
happy to talk about fact vs fiction.
I'd like to make sure you have facts to make informed choice.
Weekend plan?
Make your reservations now !
also, i feel as if from now on i should have future dates sign a waiver allowing me to live tweet them for y'all's entertainment
Glenn  a little exercise goes a long way to that end.
Even a 30 min walk would help.
U know this, just do it.
niceRT : 4 out of 6 in BlindTasting isnt too bad.
Close on the other two with no Punts.
thanks for the tasting
with who haha
no we lost three followers :
My Mom Just Bought A Whole Bunch Of Squirt.
FavoriteSoda 3 :
,yess but I don't feel good,
no I was expressing my sarcastic enthusiasm for your announcement.
its time to bring the 3 goggles back!
I loved him when he was with my Cubbies.
ii am trick
As it turns out, wanting to be good at chess and knowing the rules of chess are two different things.
your empire right?
yes : nobody is gonna be able to go because of that price!
Nice share.
I am teaching grad school at Universityof Denver and next week's topic is the future of HR.
Thanks.
Mark
Thanks, man.
We put a little extra love into it this year.
Cheers!
Thanks for the follow!
:
Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you  Catherine de Hueck Doherty
Cat under blanket energy saving heater
And in more Windy City news....the Cubs still suck.
RT : Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize...
im paying to get kerrang shipped to america and buying you gifts and you can't even say hi fine i see how it is daniel.
Good luck to the Hoosiers tonight vs.
Michigan.
New IU tees coming real soon.
Stay tuned...
Can you ask if textbooks will ever be available to view on a computer?
Seems obvious and helpful for students who have laptops.
What the say about me i dont really care i cant tell you how much i dont care
Yeah light skinnedness is a politically correct term.
U can now use it in WWF and watch your points rack up.
They can't keep it from us for much longer...hopefully xD
not yet...
Stay tuned though, our smartphone reality will be expanding
: Great meeting you
Oh and now everyone's talking crap about me.
That's nice.
I should really just delete Facebook.
This is all anyone ever does.
everytime i hear my phone go off i think itls the furniture people calling me...but no it's just twitter :
Happy Aloha Friday!!!
:
In case anyone missed it, doctorve is now on Netflix Streaming.
i need Lahair to get a hold of one right here
me too!
at least mine can buy their own beer.
x x lmao
How fhe fuck are people studyin for anatomy....
I dont even know how to study for this test
happy earth day, earthie.
please follow me!
thank you!
Robert Shiller Regulations have to be constantly modernized
Thanks for the follow!
Come check us out in Old Town.
on loomis, forgot my camera!
haha okay good!
always checkin on you like a good
I'll be at Verb running weight lifting Friday at 6am.
I want the highest turnout yet.
Retweet it
Thank you, sir!
Guys I just love hanging out with friends nothing better
yayy!!
Did you get in contact with that place I sent you the link to?!!
:
WORD!
Noted.
I will take the day off from skydiving and run.: Til we Don't fail.
Game tying Green!!!!
Love the Mayo Clinic social media support team.
They are such a great group of really talented social media professorssionals.
that maybe a little much for cats to process
Today's Shower Song: Climax Usher.
SingInShower NoHomo??
F you ten fold
stay safe pare
: Good.
I'm coming to see you soon.
Real soon 3
yeah I def wanna get em right when they're on sale.
Just need your addoctorss and I'll put a check in the mail tomorrow.
Just 1.
Days like today make me wish I had a kayak.
I know!
Soo much to catch up on :D
I suspect this guy Zimmerman is a police informant.
Their protecting him for a reason because if he is lawsuits and heads will fly!
How do you spell choke with 4 letters?
Many people like to say Autistic people get stuck, but the Republicans get stuck even worse on budget cuts that r stuck in the past
haha yep thats jasmine.
Creepy aged jasmine.
hahaha.
At least it was Halloween.
watever!!!!!
I coulda been dead and u wouldn't have known!
UGH CMON SON
Who said he hates twitter.
.
.
Such a pretty day to watch the Bengals beat the Steelers
Thanks for sharing about the free music!
If you're up at 6 am feel free to call me and wake me UP!!!
Whenever someone sees a spider it means good news are on their way..
You can literally be the deliverer of good news
hot for teacher
I have literally just been burned on my face and it's probably one of the most shamefully hurting feelings I've ever felt.
RT : Very good chance I will be back by the start of the season!!
go bucky
thanks for the ff!
Just brushed past Melissa Joan Hart on Park Ave.
Politely did not ask her to explain anything, much less it all.
.
that sounds like its from some punk song about growing up: really, I think I like who I'm becoming.
Only 9 hours left on our doctorve home...damn
For the love of God, please deliver and opening day win for the Indians.
you're such a champ
The more you love, the more you live :
Spring  summer mean kickoff to the beach!!
I understand things completely before I animate them, and my clients want me too.
This saves them lots of money.
Community is a school of love.
Jean Vanier
Freeling better.
Ready to work on my new album.The falling snow has inspired me.
Those who say that words can never hurt them, never got hit in the head with a dictionary.
i dont want it
haha nice!!!
You are good for something!!
Lol
Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th  8.30pm
where u at?
now's the time when i start cursing those beautiful blue eyes because i can't focus on my stories
Happy to see Casa Molina, Lynn  Cielito Lindo, Beverly in just wish they spelled Cielito correctly throughout review!
oops!
Thank You for the follow, we are following back.
We just received a box of the new Capitol Steps album, Liberal Shop of Horrors.
Laughter is the best medicine.
thanks honey!:
trivgov.com.
Unbelievable.
Tigers win 40 over Cal Tech to open the SCIAC season!
Great start boys!
Snoozing thru Leftwich and the Buccaneers' beat down by the Giants.
Things have perked up with Josh Johnson behind center.
Theyll still lose
: Well thank god I'm not a crip  ur not allowed to be
.
Thanks for coming out.
I hope you enjoyed the evening.
cc
Pulled skirt down to pass security....didn't want to get a detention if it was to short :P
The best birthday present ever would be a new job
thanks for sharing my voice!
The response has been great.
Rumor has it Bayern has just appealed Terry's suspension for the CL Final.
The people that talk about you the most.
Are the the people who know the least about you.
That was me telling people to check you guys out :P sorry for the confusion, I loved your comics
thanks again for making my cakes look fabulous!
Love how the photos turned out : so.good.
By holding networks at the wrong end Gitelman looks to those who posted news/messages on telegraph poles, which we still do of course.
Yeah?
So they live up to the hype?
It is going to be difficult to choose three ventures for the Cherokee Challenge  quantity and quality this year!
She got in a accident by doing a uturn.
Patiently waiting for to get home so I can pass out and doctorol on her face all night 
hold  hole.
But it could go both ways
Designed to appeal to competitive gamers, Dell has unveiled its new Alienware Aurora gaming desktop computer.
Computer Business Review
was the worst sign up process ever.
exactly!!!!
And like he was just so fuckin' white!
Faith, Hope, Love, Music...
B4 It was a Game when it wasnt taken Serious...
But I Guess the Game is now over Huh?
Bc
Hey, i'm the bad guy, just so everyone knows.
I don't let people fuck over my friends.
That makes me a bitch.
Day is made 
my cousin belongs to an old threshers organization :/ very bizarre
have you tried arguing that Hodor is a noun, verb, adjective, AND adverb?
LOL!
Good quick kick in the rear isn't working?
Hey Jonathan, the contact form on your tribalauthor site is broken.
Have a question about your course, where can I send it?
i can tell there's something goin' on hours seems to disappear everyone is leaving i'm still with you
Ok....that will work for you with a nice pair of white pants
Needed 'Alternative Indie Pop' ala  email:  Serious Inquiries Only, Please!
Boy I had some crawfish cakes today...
I see the sun is back...does that also mean you are too?
And here's where the referees take over.
I just really love my 's
Is there a time limit for walkers of the 10K?
na bra walkers power animal is a koala, and koalas and kangaroos are like the cheech and chong of the animal kingdom
ImHappyWhen someone inspired can share a snapshot that turns another person's day around when they need it most.
Check us out to try.
:
stay on before the screen to write codes!
All things are apps!
lol
Eventful day!
Experienced my first earthquake and first used car salesman, haha.
its stormin somethin mighty bad out there.
Stoms are not my cup of tea.
I prefer sweet not storm.
It's real annoying when the smoke alarm does a selftest at 4 in the morning.
.
imma be in the books every weekend after this
Thanks you so much for the RTs and
is definitely not malware and we've recategorized that domain so it won't report as malware for any clients!
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing tired.
Ft Carson soldier returning from Afghanistan in May to run Colfax with his mother
Get your holiday Eco Cups, 40 off, every Tuesday and Thursday, through December 22!
My wife's phone:
Got the tickets for the R5 show Monday!
Let me know if you want some!
10 each.
:
Too expensive for the quality of leads.
wish I was back in HS ...
school was so much easier
Have you been working on your random act of kindness?
haha is she single lol hook me up
At least I think I got some cool pix.
True power isn't the ability to do something to someone, it's being able to do something for them.
TheReasoniWillSucceed im so humble and my music passes a message
The Colt .45 uniforms in Houston are pretty classic...
Sometimes I think, sometimes I don't.
I love listening to Rush Limbaugh.
This school sucks more dick than the sluts that attend it.
GIM ME IT
Eating Cocoa butter!!
yummy
Thanks for the mention.
Career limiting moves do make for good reading!
Survived/thoroughly enjoyed a weekend of graduations, birthdays and Austinness.
Calling someone names, even if it makes you feel better, will not make you a better person.
no, that's really bad for you actually....
:/
Hi Jacob  do you remember who was presenting  do you know if they posted slides?
Black Swan is the midnight move at the egyptian theater tonight
You'll have to let me know what it entails, but I'm tentatively saying hell yes!
Day lovers....enjoy hope everybody took this year to a nothing level.
Thomas Jefferson was born this day in 1743.
Happy Friday the 13th!
it shall happen someday my friends
Thanks !
What a cool site!
I am always looking for more ways for people to see me!
Fight for your doctorams and then your doctorams will fight for you.
oh no!
I hope you feel better soon!!
I shall captainre it with pictures and perhaps a Murphys pint glass, stolen in your honour :
thanks for the follow!
I'm living in Boston right now...looking forward to finding out more about you!
DM  Direct Message.
as in private.
You can only send private messages to people who follow you.
I dont mind her saying that but then she will pull a Mic out of her purse and doctorp it in front of me....
keepimg it just in case I don't lyk de da one I got now
No tulips, roses, or even simple daisies when you write content for Machine Translation.
Adieu to flowery language.
On my way to SXSW !
Insanely early tho...
what u mean how am i..
i know same I have like 100 lol 3
Tonight turned out awesome.
Thanks Mike's Band aka The SentiMentals  The Frantic's rhythm section.
is your murder mystery show on Twitter?
A big win for talent today.
Congrats to all members!
guess your not at the convention anymore.
Getting excited for Hattiesburg on Sat night, Bennie's Boom Boom Room, y'all ready to get funky?!
Cook us something to eat lol RT : I need something to do today
Marshallism of the Day: Its okay to get off track  Its more important to quickly get back on track.
LACE The Fuxk Up PR Here We Come!!!
dock predictions would be very cool
RT : too many baby mamas and not enough wives..........
I would swear I met you in the late 60's early 70's while I was in the AirForce.
This loyal Steelers fan will still be a follower!
i do the three step plan:1.eval my life for sins 2.
pray for the OPPOSITE n see if i get a 'no' 3.
make decision n roll w it
Our friends at Crawl Apparel just launched their new clothing line!
Gotta get fresssshh!
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction
sleep walking maybe lol
I just might have too
I was at the french speaker doe
Ha.
A million is going to be tough but I will settle for first to 1,000 too.
:
check out www.vongrey.com....awesome band of sisters.
What do you call a robot that takes the long way round?
R2Detour
either or, its working hah.
And yeah, let's do a summer steampunk party.
I don't think its been done...
foodtruck will be having dinner tonight/ tmisterw Fantastic option for a quick bite between indyfringe show.
Check out The Wanted Emcees From St.
Louis Missouri USA on iTunes!!
Just snagged a copy of Brian Doyle's Mink River off the besteller shelf at the library I've been lurking for weeks to get it.
Woof woof woof
cite that episode when the girl takes up for the guy and the guy gets upset cause the girl stood him up.
WE ASSEMBLY IKEA FURNITURE IN LESS THAN 3 HOURS.
NO MATTER WHAT YOU.
Bedoctorom  Living room, furniture
just happened to see it haha.
I figured it was autocorrect
Chris Gardner was amazing!Its about everyone that had a doctoram and never quit.
Your begging and pleading
you ain't never lied.
Art of beer includes
Oh well what can we do..we ain't the judges..
: wat up WHAT'S UP BRUH
coming home friday.
It's been a good trip.
RT : I think the flight paths at the airport have changed, we get a lot more noise than we used to.
Thanks for the follow!
dependswhat is your idea for your project?
Dear ladies, if it takes more than two flushes, better save it for after you leave the bar.
Great way to start my weekend :
So: School board directs staff to ID which schools to close.
They do that.
Then board cancels that process.
Crowd applauds.
I had a great fukkin mornin interviewed got da job Now I'm  da spital wit pops nothin good last 4eva but were blessed so we good
I agree, absolutely.
But my point would just be that this absence is the third piece of the problem; Klein is right about
WATCHING NFL NETWORK LOVE THIS CHANNEL
very cool salt  lime
mmaf2011 looking forward to sharing more, conference is great!
Posted up two new designs in our Spring/Summer Album.
Check it out and let us know what you think!
come over, I'll make you a couple
I didn't win.
Did I??
.we got it all taken care of.
Twitter keeps purging the people I'm following.
Wow tarheels!
That was a beautiful half.
Another 20 minutes like that would be fantastic.
Watching the new 21JumpStreet !
Omg!
I can't stop laughing!
Just what we needed!
iheartChanning lol
sure as tomorrow
This has been an AMAZING Mothers Day !!!
I'm out and about in PB right now!
Can we go tomorrow morning ish?
Why the F do I have in my timeline tweets of accounts I don't follow?
Like disney?
Is this some new advertising BS?
Puny God...: Thinking about going to see Avengers again in a couple hours.
Hmm...
What does kus jaanipaeval pidu on mean?
Or what language is it?
Wordpress would be unstoppable if it had a real content type system and something like Views from doctorpal.
Pop goes the weasel
The amount of contented happiness I get every time I am able to get insurance to cover a medication is quite stupid, but good.
I thought I knew what stupid was...
But then I met you.
I hope there's only one of you.
Getting my hair and makeup done!
He may not be a Hall of Famer, but I'd be pretty happy earning to World Series rings in my career.
Congrats to Craig Counsell.
Good morning, Boston.
If I say so myself 's video at Elite Academy was pretty crunk!
Also, proof positive of the cultural, educational, political and heritage values of social media.
Just heard/saw big crash on 163n leaving Downtown SD.
Fyi for news outlets  doctorvers trying to leave downtown.
Car flipped on side.
Snark: the internet's euphemism for catty.
I like the idea of 14fps w/ mirror locked up.
Blazing speed, and 18.1mp on a full frame sensor.
Game changer!
restoring an old wedding album for a client.
Scanning the photos, rebinding the album and creating a custom box.
3 Happy Anniversary.
Hoping against hope that someone else has built the perfect metadata management system and we somehow just haven't heard about it yet
ohh; that's wats up, so wats goiin on?
That's sorta wierd that u hit me up after u told me off the other day!
:
Giving the tours at Great Lakes Distillery tonight at 4:30  6.
Come hang out at our new tasting room.
Got to hang out with Denis Leary today at NMAH.
Coolest internship ever!!
is excited to help plan Christmas Party Celebrations with organizations throughout Houston, Texas!
thanks to you and
Agree!
RT : let me get a RT so that everyone knows we need to get Popeye's chicken back in the KY.
Underrated musical: Lucky Stiff
Where's the latest update?
You guys awake yet?
the butterflies are going to be fun!
even more so when you spend all weekend in philly at a wedding ;
All good!
Traveling and speaking and writing; where are you these days?
Doing what?
Let me know.
Somehow I managed to have too much caffeine.
CONFIRMED: will perform in the big room on 6/15!
Listen for a chance to get up close and personal!!!!!
duck face, I hate you...
Please take advantage of my discount in efforts to expand my portfolio.
Lets setup a non obligated consult for your next event.
8572031690
wasn't Peter a child as well?
Twitter rocks
that was a solid meatball session last night.
I need to find out the ingredients in that sauce.
gracias for the
If you have a gf and try to talk to me or get my number I will disrespect you

Welcome Bill!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Coaching best practices?
Active listening, positive behavior reinforcement and use of openended questions.
They're all doing great!
Belina/Carl Sagen is roosting right now, so has been hiding...but all is well!
I love when u smile
I can see the skyline of NYC in the distance .
.
Let this week begin!
The Bulls are in trouble dam they truly need doctorse
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas Edison
I thought it said last night that next week is the series finale.
When does Kville air?
so howe is my dad doing?
RT : Oh now I'm being serenaded by shirtless Blatz man.
It's my lucky day apparently.
U cant progress life without payin dues!
my party is neexxttt weekend :D
For this reason, custom rings can be very useful
You are!
Don't fall into the lie that everything is already packed
cool morning :D
Hi niall.
I love you
Yes, definitely swing by.
Welcome to
Shout out to the lil dick niggaz that always wanna hit it from the back....lol
a teacher, I would charge at least 2025 an hour.
ur not a historian 200 years from now
You can't move forward staying in neutral.
Get moving.
Keep smiling.
App Friday on www.momswithapps.com .
Learn more about family friendly iPhone apps...often with promo codes!
Here we come Oil Kings!
I love,u and cant nobody stop that.
Omg just stop :/
Lets Go Pacers.
Thanks!
Always trying to keep a watch for potential hacks.
Keep the tweets coming!
Leaders lead.
A lot of people talk about leading, but in the end thats all theyre doing.
Talking.
I have always led by example.
MJ
Thank you so much Mar!
It's all the teens thoughthey're fabulously smart  talented and are always pushing my thinking further!
no effing way Adam Yauch died?????
THIS IS SO SAD.
Purple AngelGood enough for world leaders, good enough fo me.
Learning to love yaself is the greatest love of all
At internet marketing meetup learning about seo and socialmedia for
I love that Zory!!!
Two days ago, 80 degrees.
Today, snowday.
Crazy, but I'll gladly take it.
That's life in Colo Springs.
yesterday my daughter and I revised her resume  cover letter...this week job hunting since she don't Want to do summer camp.
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
At least it didn't rain over the weekend
Why am I allergic to coffee?!
sad idontcare morecoffeeforme!
Stop with that kinky body jewelry.
I want to know what you think the best Fall Festival in the North Texas area is.
Check out AndoctoraBellSouthlakeRealEstate on Facebook.
I miss you my friend!
XD haha ; that was pretty scary though i thought i was gonna die!
Take that, rewind it back!!
Would you rather have seen the WIAA shift the girls tourney to the UW Fieldhouse over the Resch Center?
his birthday past....ask him what he got me!?!
All athletes add Facebook.com/lacedfacts and be apart of the community
french oral final tomorrow.
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk and then french written final on friday.
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
We're going to skip opening for our first brunch this weekend to prepare for RESTAURANT WEEK!
First brunch January 22nd from 102!
oh and it's at 7pm tomorrow not 7:30.
Silly me lol
cant wait til sends the doggy gate for jacob.
he's being naughty this week :
we in there my dude!
Everyone gon know who are if they don't already!!!
I love that Buddy from Just One Of The Guys was a Carjacker in an early episode lol
what do you think of the Pryor deal?
u played cfb I am curious what u think of him as a teammate.
Media blowing this up 2 much?
In an 80's mood today?
Head down to for Ladies 80's 90's!!
I wanna go to an amusement park 3
When he sits down on the toilet
Jennifer Birdwell, contratulations on all of your new team members!
Great week!
Just received a voice mail text via Google voice wondering if we can sleep together.
I'm really hoping this is just poor transcription.
At the maps house for live Dara musk concert usXsw will tweet pics later
Lol, me too...and being bulletproof in general!
Hope you enjoy our Hoosier Hospitality!
Welcome.
We love building on iOS for slpeeps, great link!
charity You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
Eleanor Roosevelt dogood donate Home of the 2 Day Latte Fast!
Hahaha!
Just saw a sagging pants gangsta lose his pants on the mall escalator.
doctornk some tasty Organogold coffee without the bad effects of caffiene and the good effects of ganoderma.
www.doctorlackston.organogold.com
its all good kid..
, youre the boss.....
Re: She will have to wait to have her lips stapled...
I'm sure its the only body part that hasn't been worked on...
Just went for a tour of the Tenement Museum.
Interesting to see that they have lots of great food events.
whaattt I want
because I'm fucking hot.
Bed time.
Gotta be up tomorrow for my graduation Why does it have to first in the early morning ?
RT: : More tickets sold for BWSOTU 2012!
Need to tell my cyber peeps how to get them before they're all gone!
i just want to take a shower and go to bed.
i feel horrible.
yea tell me about
Not that I know.
Mine's a fairly common surname.
Yeah!
Champagne  Chickenheadz!!!
at Academedia At Al Jazeera Stream Trendsmap is your best friend.
I'm disappointed that Time didn't interview Lysa  Robin Arryn for the piece.
wow I want that in my bed
Umm it's directly under your mouth.
Your welcome from captainin obvious
top picks for conference mobile apps in North America:  Great apps.
Great ppl.
Wouldn't have RTed if I didn't think it was good  looking forward to more posts
Liking your work..
checking out your website  I'm a local sax player in Gilbert, AZ.
I know if remote controls kept getting more complicated they'd eventually have to start teaching classes on using them!
:P
what!?!
What fucktard is sayin that?!
wow robben, whew...bayern back line is a little scary!
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.
Oprah Winfrey
Unacceptable.
Firing squad.
u know it, despite what he's done all game
thanks for the mention.
When did your baby turn one?
Mine just turned one on 7/30.
Gruene, Texas.
You know we're talking Live Music there.
Sick of NYAG's messing with teh financial sector.
Look at AIG.
Cuomo will have to defed himself this time
Thanks to all our friends ,family and fans for coming out to the fest yesterday to support Rainline.
I know Springboard is a great resource.
I'm just saying it takes forever to load the pages.
Panthers put up 9 runs in the 4th.
Without looking, i'm pretty sure that's the most runs they've scored in an inning this season.
OnTheSpotDeal 1st person to show this tweet to one of our bartenders gets a prize!
You have until 10:29, GO!
RT Come celebrate with us today at 12:30 for lunch.
We are so sad to see them go.
Just got finished with one summer class  now another starts today
whoa.
I would watch that.
haha no ma'am if you wanna keep that butt, squats and lunges
Midweek grocery shopping sucks but then the thought of that addictive carrot ginger chicken they sell at whole foods is everything.
Thank you for your wonderful review...I love the points you made regarding Greek history!
RT : G, I still don't get the value prop beyond what XKCD said like Facebook, but not Facebook.
Yes, but THAT is huge.
John Prine concert tonight at the Overture Center!
if you're into electronic...
anything by
so sad, but might as well celebrate the good stuff!
Can I just have a halfwhite from Harold's in Chitown today?!
That would really make me smile.
:
That moment when you need a hug to make you feel better:/
Happy Friday to a few of our latest followers!
Learn all sorts of safety training with SafetySkills!
Online training simplified.
I feel it, Ima smoke it till its done And I dont really give a
Ima be a
Cavs' Irving set to receive top rookie honor
13 PIERCING PROCEDURES ALL DAY!
All you have to do is mention this rad deal when you come in!!
Applies to all basic piercings!
ifwomendidnotexist i'd grow boobs
Who should our next feature be Fireflight or Sent by Ravens??
happy 100th, Fenway
because butt face
Wow, your two faced.
I will be sure to let you know about my next fashion dilemma, it usually involves a lot of orange
these refs suck.
No consistency.
A true sign that you are maturing is when you are able to Master Your Emotions and not allow Your Emotions to Master You.

I swear they so cold!
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes 
Not only is this a good day because packers are in the SB but Gus Johnson is calling the Badger game...UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Fuckin whore I needed my fishing pole 
Get to see my bestfriend Tomorrow  haha !
Philly just tricked this game off!
Welp....
LETS GO LAKERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I wonder how they say it...
why twitter is not letting me send you a MSG?
45 minute meeting that ended with pondering on RDF quadoctorples.
I 3 my job...
haha I figured you went home.
Shit got real weird last night.
Well crap.
guess it's time to upgrade the old desktop to Win7.
Been doctorgging my feet on this for long time.
Dolphins minicamp begins Fri w/new head coach JPhilbin  new rules: Strategy  player reps cannot be 'aired, blogged, tweeted, published.'
George Zimmerman is in Florida DLE custody; prosecutor press conference at 6 pm
Follow me and I def follow u rite back ;
: Friday Night  poetry 8P, Lisken Van Pelt Dus; music 9P, Emily Mure.
No cover.
on my way!
Playin on the Canyon...can I fly?

no we aren't...
we're allies.
where'd you get that?
When developing business objectives, consider these 3 questions.
Does it increase revenue, avoid cost and improve service?
Story of my life.
RT Oh man.
If only 10:30 were lunchtime.
Got my belly button peirced.
;
love it when songs have that triangle thingy then skaboosh.!...breakdown.
Got in trouble for doing the cat daddy in class today haha
WisDOT will provide schedule, answer questions re US 41/Mason St.
interchange closure for construction.
5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
1940 w mason st.
u going to check out Transformers tonight!
Give me the scoop later....nighty night!!!
haha okay so that's a funny story...
I meant to send that to chacha instead of twitter, awk sauce!
lol shoots dad just barges in that's why I lock it.
I'm like knock next time
i think im gonna shoot someonee 
Did you all vote ?
what the heck is wrong with these cops?
Do they need to do a more thorough background investigation, prior to their hiring?
hey everyone !
going to the movies later !
anyone wanna tweet eachother ?
Pottery master with my boys
Our pleasure : : Big thanks to Silverpop partner for building the site!
spop12
Im coming
HOW DO U GET IN TO MEET THE STARS DO U PAY AND HOW ARE U ABLE TO TALK 2 THEM AND INTERVEIW OR WHAT U DO TO PUT IT ON YOUR WEBSITE
of course!
i'll DM you :xx thanks so much, you have no idea what you helping me means to me!
Just hanging out at with and having a good time.
its aweful because it sets his heart off, and his pulse gets crazy.i hate having an ill child.
I like sticking my head out the car window and shouting songs at people with their windows open??
My bed has never been so happy to see me 
coffee...yummy to tummy :
I wish someone would devise some sort of contraption for keeping track of engagements.
speaking of fantasy football, why is no one talking about how well Matt Moore is playing for the Dolphins?
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
IfYouCheatOnMe you'll be one sorry son of a bitch.
Goodnight work in the am
Starving and I have close to no food and it's cold and rainy out.
I need a delivery to my bedside
About to bump some TDE and knock out the homework
Nice win for the Hoosier's today!!!
If OperationGetBinLaden had failed Obama's career wld be done and he'd be solely to blame.
The Credit goes both ways.
You dah mane doggy doggy!!
Ive had the time of my life Ive never felt this way before I swear this is true I owe it all to you DIRTY BIT
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
good :D
Are you distraught about Noah...being a noahfangirl.
I wish they would quit showing the replay
Sweet!
Margaret Cho is on !
Wow that's a lot of blood on Harper's face
I'm in!
: Someone wanna write the Bowie biopic with me and then cast Tilda Swinton as Bowie and then win all the awards?
/// I hear ya.
We still gotta collab.
RT : The same.
Writing  Living Life.
she has such an amazing aura in this whole scene.
It intrigued me.
is on ABC's Eye on LA :30pm tomorrow.
We take them to a few of LB's best secret dining spots.
chchcheck it!
happy wknd!
3
Got paid, saw the sun set, biked home in the gorgeous weather
RT : Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you.
Mat 9:29  Amen One of my fav bible verses!
To my new friends who have liked this page.
Thank you for stopping by and look forward to chatting with all of you!
Thanks!
also nice to see a Jacket2 presence on Google
Good luck today on the coffee bro.
Still plan on seeing you Thursday.
Suggestions for a good place to have a business dinner meeting for 1520 people??
Go.
hahahaha, I was asleep.
But just found out hilary's friend was wandering doctornk last night.
That's hilarious!
I had no idea!
Nicole Blumenberg  YOU are this week's Facebook Fan of the Week!
Congrats Nicole, stop in any time this week to receive 10 off your meal!
I called back and left a message so I hope they call back!!
Omg
One week until super bowl, Lisa has a honey do list and no golf.
Can anyone same Home Depot!!!!
Late thanks!
RT :
hard to concentrate
Hey brother.
How are things in Twitterworld?
The Record Rebellion will have a Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday at 9pm EST/6 PST.
Since I ordered the fight this time and the fam came over shoot they better order that fight on the 9th lol
yet another cassadine wonderful....
Eli on SNL ...
skit where he's trying to find a TD celebration move.
Yep, he Tebowed.
Again:
Thank you!
Make it a great weekend!
NowPlaying: Feel So Good, by
HAHAHA, Ashley Tisdale on Punk'd.
I can't.
your welcome and I hope you had a great birthday
SAYSOMETHIN IS INFINITELY STUCK IN MY HEAD.
KTHANKSBYE :
Heey its sabrina from my friends got annoyed from me always tweeting ,so i decided2make my own account4him.3:
RT Assm William Horne presenting AB258, regulating ipoker: NV has been and should remain the world leader in internet gaming.
My mommy told her sister to GET HER LIFE today
peter, paul and deMARYious
Likely.
You know Hopkins smokes Lehigh.
Zoologists wrapped piglets up in tigerprint cloth, and presented them to the mother tiger who was depressed after losing her cubs.
you can never have too much 90s.
That last clip is worth it for the end alone.
Concrete carve out  YOGA smash  Fist smash  EXTREME burnin  tagline smash  crack apart.
PLANET OF THE APES MARATHON on ch 2.2.
Only God can judge me Tupac Voice
I think the proper term is meh
AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : Can one of y'all braid my hair?
No way I can second guess AJ.
I'm hearing reports that my stamps are SOLD OUT!
Alas.
Reprint, reprint!
My God shall supply...
This is the essence of grace.
MY GOD  Sure relationship, SHALL  Promise, SUPPLY  Increase
Hell yeah Rony!
Let us know if u  your crew wanna party  The Palms 4 free!
We have a VIP Guestlist/Bottle hook up there!
Derby day AND cincodemayo on the same day?
This must mean to celebrate x's 2
Can't deny that I want you but I'll lie if I have to
Getting lost in Lubbock looking for a Sprint store
P.s.
thank you for stealing the one thing that I have been waiting most of my life to do on my own, with my own strength.
looks delicious, i myself am partial to asian cuisine
More like...
if you are reading this RT it or favorite it :
QA's receives first StarSpangled kiosks  The Star Democrat
G'Night Lianna.
Have a good week!
Every day is a new chance to further your ambition and your doctorams!!!
My selfportrait looks a little pissed.
u still forgot about me?...it's almost a year :
A bobcat now lives in the kitchen of the abandoned DVhistory Ash Meadows Brothel
Order sent to Elisabet in WA!
We CAN respond to behavior, require responsibility and accountability.
Kids are suffering.
Inaction is unacceptable.
If I was smart, I'd at least get something rugged for my iPhone.
The basic case is only 20
i was thinking you want to super freeze something, then smash it.
Way off!
Know what you mean.
Science Fair project due in 2 weeks, don't know if it's going to happen!
And me stressing about it.
Food Fact of the Day: March 18, 1863 Women rioted in Salisbury, North Carolina, to protest the lack of flour and salt in the Confederacy.
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
So productive!
Thanks!
: RT : The tally so far: paid a parking ticket, went to post office, doctorpped off donation at Goodwill.
When the results are tabulated, this will totally not go down as one of my greatest weeks ever.
are you going to be wearing 3 or 7 for ???
Stuck in PA.
Fixing my alternator.
By my goddamn self.
And I ain't no mechanic...
Should be interesting.
Onion rings are here!
is psyched to see Lindsay Mac  Natalia Zuckerman in concert tonight.
15peopleilove Hes been my btb since like forever and he's always there to talk to it was great getting to meet you!
:
It's very hard to understand a particular social medium w/o using it.
Fuck dallas weather.
Stuck in Little Rock.
wish we were stranded together.
At least memphis has elvis..
They must have fixed it, tho the history of stationary wld be a cool topic too!
Anyway, congrats  enjoy yr 15 mins.
Win the lottery commit you life to Christ Join us 4/7 wit Fundoctoriser
What's the over/under on Blackberry folding before BB10 devices launch?
OH YEAH!
I had an Italian orange soda thingy, mom had the coffee.
will do
my birthday today happy
I am so blessed!
I couldn't be better than how God is blessing me now
The school is the last expenditure upon which America should be willing to economize.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Today was a hot one!
I Cant wait too see that episode
Its REMAINS!!
the WOMEN in my family are NUTS!!!
CRAZY!!!
I hear you...
I get in a funk when I don't have the SUN!
Nvm you poke donkey sauce!
Just wondering why a turkey bacon avocado is 5 but turkey avocado is 6.20.
I have to pay to NOT get bacon?
Logical?
NOPE!
M I'm delighted.
I'm looking for creative ideas
I'm gonna die if I don't win Wiz tickets lol.
Anyone wanna hang out at Shenanigans tomorrow night in Dahlonega, GA?!
New start time: 9:30pm.
I actually feel bad doctorving on the Pike W and watching the parking lot heading East.
My advice is to listen to
As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job.
Roseanne Barr
kittens and puppies for dinner like fuck everybody
Most people in the United States get convicted RIGHT OUT OF THEIR OWN MOUTH.
USE your right to remain silent.
Keep your mouth shut!
Webinar on Outcome Learning  taking elearning to the next level.
Feb 15: ttp://www.interactiveadvantage.com/upcomingwebinars.html
I be that pretty mothafucka harlem what I rep .
That new Pepe Bradock, imbroglios part 1.
This is what's hot en los barrios!
Damn...You Have A Smile That Could Light Up A Room :
So many great memories..
Big love to you DetroitGem :
Or is everything im doing to late
Yep, that is how I felt when watching the Hubble IMAX movie!
: Billions of stars.
Feeling insignificant.
hubble tellussome
this website i found
please hurry up and get your ass down here.
i need you so much!
Childoctorn imitating cormorants are even more wonderful than cormorants.
True dat, Issa!
dont feel bad i wasnt either...
lol..
how you been?
Kevin
I miss the Litter Robot.
You have to stay in shape.
My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60.
Awesome, thanks!
I will come by on Friday morning, then.
Tangerine: greatest Zeppelin song and tasty snack.
That's one hardworking citrus fruit.
did you get a chance to check us out at VaultBox.me?
Let me know if you want that free upgrade.
I wish some one could understand me but then again who understands anyone...
Scissor Sisters tickets purchased.
only 3 years and already a member of the
Why does Ball not get respect?
His numbers are so much better.
Cuz he not in SEC?
probably not on:/
you just want him on Gol tv Phil
OH THANK GOD RT : POTUS weighs in on comments in regional interviews.
Crying.
Feel like chundering.
i want my tablets.
i want sleep.
i want to be able to look after myself independently.
lmao hit 30 u will be a grandma then...
I'm going to go ahead and call this sugar/caffeine rush a productivity kick.
But what's the difference anymore, right?
So wrong!
Haha!
: Lindsay Lohan Playboy magazine cover was leaked.
I have seen it.
My review.
I gave it 3 1/2 inches.
I hate waiting in long lines
Just repping the pike/pine hood.
best starting five in baseball!
nats will be a contender in the NL East this year.
No kidding.
2012 is knocking on the door.
totally.
i can't wait to doctornk all of it.
Just can't help it.
Thanks so much for following us :
we need to talk if possible man due to diablo 3 having pvp etc we need to start a team for it cause the most we can do is 4v4
RT : Life is like riding a bike..
In order to keep balance you MUST keep going!!
Go forward!!!
Thanks Spencer!
RT : Two great events for 2012!!
Everyone has got to check them out!!
Happy First Day of Spring!!!
Bring on the beautiful flowers  beautiful days.
Let the spring cleaning commence
tickets purchased!
LOVE my new job.:
I will never put silicone in my ears.
That shit is FUCKED.
Fascinating!
Reading now.
:
It's been pretty epic, I will say :D
My body is not used to physical labor.
Now I cant control my mouse or hold my wine glass without my hand shaking.
hmm, I wonder why its the best month lol
Everybody follow and lets help get them to 3k ..
Retweet retweet retweet.
FOLLOW THEM IF YOUR NOT FOLLOWING NOW
great!
I'd love to help!
Thanks, all, for a great night of discussion on OccupyTheNews / otn / occupysd.
Next up, a holiday mixer for journos.
Oh jeez, that's no bueno.
Can't wait to see you tomorrow!
Firat Ted Ginn Jr.
and now Ryan Tannehill?
Miami, you SUCK at picking in the first round
what did he have an accent on?
listening to literally makes my night 10000x better.
Do people think Obama is at fault for the so called double dip recession?
republiCONS set it up with 8 yrs of screwups, wars, etc...
I'm 8 blks away.
I'll tweet u when the music stops to meet up, if ur still downtown.
Rheumatoid arthritis can be difficult to diagnose.
Many other conditions resemble it and its symptoms can develop insidiously.
Delicious question!
My answer this week: holding my boy!
RT : What do you love most about what your body does for you?
I should probably just go to bed.
I was just feeling lonely b/c FB becomes a ghost town after 2:00
opens July 15 on HStreet!
That rooftop deck is looking AWESOME!
This just reminded me of when all you boys sang You've Lost That Lovin Feeling to me  Michigans on my birthday!
Awww.
I can't lie, and I'm not even ashamed: I just really love The Nate Berkus Show.
an xs female would probably fit a 10 yr old boy.
count me in on that fight....you are one hott commodity lady 3 3 3
a doctoram
Roasting marshmallows with the kids.
They didn't know you were allowed to build a fire during the day.
I prefer to eat food until I explode than deal with people
I see why people delete their twitters now.
Mfs be on their own dicks too much.
Humble yourself thanks
hello, hello Beautiful!
if you do, your ratings will be through the roof.
Maybe I like Gerty better.
Good thing I'm not having kids...
They'd HATE me!
I flirt with almost everyone but like NONE lol
Need anything from me for tomorrow?
yeah, i guess i just meant it looks pretty cool.
i don't always think cool when i see patchwork.
you know what i mean?
Holy cow.
Are you following brain surgery this am?
Getting my PaulyDPregame on by watching season 5 of Jersey Shore and tweeting about it like a sitchaddict haha
haha how cool, never heard from that place
coffee, cigarettes and vodka, because I always wanted to be a model
Please note that is not a user and insert our active account instead Thank you!!
Just did an all day workshop on consultative sales with a great team of Realtors!
I'm mentally energized, yet physically exhausted.
Yeah, more Kid Rock songs.
Walking around Milan today.
Climbed to the roof of the Duomogreat  impressive.
Now I know why it took 400 years to build.
Knicks haven't won a playoff game since 2001.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there.
May God bless you to continue to give life and guidance.
I think he'll get callup today, but I can't confirm.
Troy's with team.
RT : can they give freidoctorch a look please?
will u plz follow me plzz
oh what is it!??
Thnx Michael Cadden  Ocho  Best cocktails ever including the Old Fashioned w/ his cigar tincture.
Can't believe he slipped me the recipe:
please follow me.
It would mean to much.
God bless..
seems like the difference between the M's and a good team this year is about 1 inning a game
looking for company?!?
Me and are available!!!!
sketching at every stoplight.
Have accidentally written 'negativland' 2x.
US govt uses 2 of all the oil consumed in the US and 75 of that is liquid fuel to move stuff around
doctorstically.
Just think of the economics alone, of having to gather clean water each day!
Pernix Therapeutics Introduces OmeclamoxPak, First Product in ...: Clarithromycin and amoxicillin are antibacterial doctorgs, which in...
Welcome to San Diego!
Nothing like living in a postcard called heaven!
If you only knew my past....my real past....but you gonna ask the right questions to really know
um my phone won't let me put a pic up
south stand is pumped and ready!
hey yalll happiest Thursday :
Hey fcdallas how many more injuries can you fake????
Fck Mercury  I'm in retrograde
On friday, my 3 books, my CD and my DVD are gonna come : so I just gotta survive tomorrow till I'm gonna have a beautiful day in my room.
2.00 Off Any Sandwich!
Click the coupon tab under our professorle pic to print your coupon.
Juliet was not that great tonight but she was still good
The heat lost again I'm really mad
IT IS THAT TIME!
walks outside Yep, it's hot.
toughjob RT : 13 heat risk assessments down.
11 more to go.
i do.
That's molly
Just found that today is Secretary's Day, but that it's now called Administrative professorssionals' Day.
Our culture is dying.
That's not much help then :P
I remember when there was good music on
As if I have to be told.
RT : Paddys has a tent alert
I tell niggas dont watch me, watch that time on that big face
Sleep well Hon!!xoxoxoxoxo
Cotto got that one!
some people just never change.
Dude, if I was ever to walk out into the face of a Zombie Apocalypse or my worst nightmare, it would start in that creepy tunnel.
this could help on your project RT Simply the best imagebased curation service!
bit.ly/tchMDJ
if you are dating a swimmer raise your hand, if you aren't dating a swimmer raise your standards
Congrats to our winner!
A fella that describes himself as 'an overall nice guy' wins CodeSquare PRO for free...
Ah, of course I have a mystery class I didn't know I had to take.
Not a Stoner Beeeitch....
But She Like Me Tryna Get That Final Cut Like Spike Lee :
Friend: Gaga sucks.
Me: Here, doctornk this.
Friend: Er...Ok..
Friend Dies.
911, what's your emergency?
Me: I just killed an Idiot.
Excited to launch our recurly subscription system!
Could you guys check into support ticket 8791 so we can rock this?
GO BRA AND UNDIE SHOPPING WITH ME
no.
only bcc.
The Librarian from Basra by Jeanette Winter: Booklovin' librarian breakin' the law...
All the furniture is in the garage.
Totally agree!
I really badly want the Bruins to win tonight so that for the third year straight they get Philly.
tears are ever emotion people cry when the sad , happy,and females even cry doing sex..
well mine does..followed by a dont stop or somethin
Congrats!
It was all downhill after Ohio State edged Loyola.
Man I Love Popcorn:so yummy/3
RT : Hammocks actually improve sleep quality and make people fall asleep faster.
it all makes sense now..
waiting for BOYFRIEND to be realesed DUH hbu?
Lol
im nasty af on this fl
if you were to say that on youtube that wouldve been epic xD lol.
i thought that was funny.
Good Job on that.
How'd it go girlie?
: I'm gonna get teenage girl wasted tonight WhoWantsToPartyGood
Just visited a friend's restaurant on H st ne  was stopped in my tracks when I saw adobe design showroom.
What a glorious sunny afternoon!
Just sliced my thumb open on a can of oranges.
Wont stop bleeding.
Faaaaackk 

Thanks so much Inktel Direct!
The team is thrilled to win the Innovation Grant...
Hahaha I wish I would've been there!
Done with my final!
Going to get my nails done and eyebrows done too ;
I need some new friends
that would be great!!!
is my bff.
Dag nabbit!
You are going to miss the new song!
:p
Eating popcorn and watching Comedy Central.
Freshest Casio to add to collection..the new packman Casio.best ValueVillage find eves
Lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer.
congrats on the new place.
Sounds electrifying.
Anyway I could plug in a powerstrip or 2?
Extension cord maybe?
Happy Platypus Day?
That was in March...
hawkward...
thank you for coming out to the pre bay celebration.
hope you had fun chasing the soccer ball!
Oh my god starting pitchers are bad so far.
Yikes.
Could be in for a long season
Darius Rucker banged out Hootie  the Blowfish tunes at a country gigdoes he hate only getting ovations for the old stuff?
Listening to the Made in the Library webinar.
Love a lifestyle special vacation 2 nights 200 visit us
haha he doesn't know yet but he will
And I was hoping you could answer my Pintrest questions.
The Islands at Riverlake is located 5 min.
from downtown Sacramento to the north and Elk Grove's abundant shopping district to the south.
For those who really know me, im real laid back.
listening to MIGUEL!!
im in an eminem mood today.
This season of American Idol has been great and it has zero to do with the lame ass judges.
These new contestants can really sing.
thats what I'm looking for .
No contract so I can back out whenever I want.
Instagram went from a gated community to Section 8 all in one day!
lilDuval 
Ive not only taken the dive back into writing, Ive become fascinated with how writers are using social media to build their careers
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy 2 pac
I just restarted it for the third time in hopes of the same thing.
Such a good show.
My cat has taken over the pillows.
I'm doctornk maudlin and tired.
Sigh.
long story
Hughes got his ankles broken during Cromartie's return to end the game as well.
Another example of bad coaching from the Colts.
lol that may have to happen
you could have anyone you want, why mee?
no,thank you c:!
and I'm already ahead of you on facebook n.n!
RT Finalising the details of our first sprucedp funding awards.
The call opens on Tuesday!
Fresh flowers in a guest room can really cheer up a simple space
we need gloves, breathing masks, wire cutters, boxes w lids, safety goggles, laundoctor items for tornadorelief pick up
I love being proved wrong in really wonderful ways.
Excited to be at CUNYGC to hear talk about Now You See It, her new book on attention.
yup, but I doubt I have any luck...so oh well
Better number for those hitters than it was agains Verlander
People need to stop taking these GHETTO photos!
WHY YOU HAVE ALL THAT JUNK IN THE BACKGROUND
Can i hit in the condo?
Can i hit it in the mornin like alonzo?
Thank you, my brother.
I will shower my sexthoughts on your tweetpods.
Oh dear.
Too far?
: I'll have a plate of slut with a side dish of orgasm tonight for dinner!!!!
with a second helping, I hope!
Dolphins taking Lamar Miller makes little sense.
Need to upgrade WRs, not add to deep group of runners.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, the game is over
We jus do us.
You jus copy them
that is actually bow tie pasta, not spaghetti....some foodie you are ;
Judge Emmett say he views Harris County as its people, an organism of 4 million diverse citizens
love you too blakey
In the garden.
Want to see what all the fuss is about.
Crowd electric.
Heck I know more than you know you know !
WillFerrel 3
congrats!
since you dont really remember the first 1/3 of your life this means you've been together half your lives!
He will always my baby.
I need him right now ..
his touch his kiss.
His hugs
I'm starting to worry about the Yankees' season this year.
This was before djgpp.
Pretty soon I was on Linux doing the real thing :p
Happy Thanksgiving good people ...
That's right it's Sunday and I'm off work!
Football tweets aplenty!
with all the new mess seems like cainwreck was an eternity ago.
praying all is well with you.
: D
Watching movies with my little sissy 3
Biggest laugh line so far!
Lotus Nightclub  Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!
Girls taking girls from they boyfriends now days !
Traveling home is always farther:/
all my calls today are to voice mailboxes...maybe there is no one out there.
Did 2012 end without me?
even i remember those days when you and miller shared a porch
Sorry i havent been around.
been icu and facing my 23rd surgery since carwreck.
Hey Shawn thanks for follow, who exactly is SuzyQ?
Besides the name of the song?
RT : Facebook agrees to buy photo network Instagram for 1 billion in cash and stock
track meet
Guess Kobe call himself trying to motivate his squad huh
This weather is making me thirsty.
Can you believe these ignorant teabagger terrorists are actually trying to ruin our great Socialist doctorams?!!
We MUST RAISE TAXES!
Eating a firecracker popsicle.
haha, no x no one will let me since I'd most likely kill everyone remotely near me
why does yalls conversations make me giggle?
Its actually not tho .
I've dyed her hair plenty of times it stays the same .
Or my full name Joseph D'Ambrosio thank you and hope you enjoy it I do.
midnight showing of eclipse!!
Audition Tip: Very few singers sound good a cappella.
If possible, avoid it.
Good to know for those of us who live in Washington...
Pimp C?
Are you saying don't judge her or don't judge you?
Lol
just got off of work wbu!:
then I'll just pursue for the truth!
Good luck w your head in the sand
yes, you are.
we're terribly sorry about that...
it was supposed to be a surprise.
we're so thankful for people like you!
94 of students earning a bachelor's degree now borrow to pay for college  up 45 since 1993:
So sorry, we are booked for the next couple of nights.
Good Luck!
Up O.O
great minds think a like bro
Just got done with the show.
230am.
Not even tired.
Tomorrow is going to be fun.
anyone have pictures of solidarity tents around West Bank or Gaza relating to hunger strike?
All of our server and website issues are resolved.
If you continue to have issues, please let us know.
So I didnt realize I sent that twice.....
:
Sometimes I love girls  other times, i SWEAR i'd cut their throats.
It's gonna rain but I don't mind.
It relaxes me.
:
Welcome!
Crazy day full of running we hope!
Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die
I remember the first time I listened to Fire Bomb, I cried.
That's how strong as an artist is.
LoveRespect
Seattle, you've just contracted a nasty infection of the Mattbrowns.
Happy Ides of March, everybody!
:D
We are spiritual beings having a human experience
The Bulls 2012 season came to an end Thursday evening with a loss to the Philadelphia 76ers in Game 6 of the first round of the playoffs.
Off to rochester!
What a finish.
I hope he didn't have a wheezing attack.
Have a good evening, all, especially RyanKennedy!
Hey, nothing much, and what about you
I'm cooler than a fridgerator..
.Sweeter than a NowLater.
.
.
.
R.I.PDOLLA ILYUH NDD MISS YUH CUZZIN :
Should Washington state privatize selling liquor?
Another booze battle goes to the voters..
Whadaya think?
Some people are not scared to die, but they are too scared to live.
Exhausted.
Finally bed time.
Give a person a fish and you feed them for a day; teach that person to use the Internet and they won't bother you for weeks.
He's too short anyway though.
nite sean sweet doctorams
hey love.
I used a gorgeous pic of u on my FB to promote my makeup business.
Check it out.
RT : boring realtors for boring people.
you have your niche!
:  NICE CALL on that one!
Perfect weekend in Plano with !
Chilis for lunch with and now what to do??donewithfinals summertime 
I am super psyched to hear talk about 7 Blogging Ideas That Will Brand Your Business and Make You the Voice of Your...
Fuck staying up till 5  having to get up at 11:30 to go to a funeral.
I mean damn might as well kill me.
If youre lucky enough to be different from everyone else, dont change.
Taylor Swift
yes it shows up on my Bluetooth and I have done a soft reset
Ok then
Why of course, Ki Ki.
I almost always follow those that follow me
is off to bed knuckleheads got a busy day tomorrow including an early morning!
Check me out on COMCAST OnDemand though!!!
Thank you for being such a fan, Frank.
Hope we'll see you again soon!
um what was last night ?
Someone please tell me.
ditto!
Our magazine showcases international artists with a west coast perspective.
Excited to be in the CA publishing family
Sec.
Squier rejects call for public Medicaid restructuring task force; failure to involve Indian tribes may violate state law htt
erl12 it is hoped that GOkb, by being open  accessible to anyone, allows for future development  syncing with existing local kbs
Tonight's jazz  the David Linard Trio No cover!
When someone puts you down , don't wait around for someone to pick you up.
Pick your own ass up and get further up than you've ever been
We are here : Happy Friday to you!
run towards always run towardsA
Ohh pandora you and me are besties right now.
Lovin the Michael Jackson station this morning!
What we're into this weekend:
When's the ATeam sequel coming out?
Don't act like you don't want it.
C is for Cookie...that's good enough for me!
Until u walk in my shoes u can't question anything cuz u just don't know
Love your song Call me Maybe' i am now a huge fan of yours good luck in your future and keep up the hard work!!!
3 3
One day my doctorams WILL come true.
RT: Not in San Fran anymore, Toto.
Bored guard  apple store Wed night no flowers or candles apple bit.ly/qSQeYy
RT : Much needed time spent !
Man I'm so mad our call ting didn't work out last night...
you let's figure it out and try again
Coffee and a snack before court, because this is gonna take way longer than expected.
A twoday late thanks to for the FF shoutout!
lol
you know you're in harlem when you can get lucky charms for 2 DEAL
were my part of the story :
are you going to Starlight's Stellar Night Gala tonight?:
A few stronger thunderstorms possible over SW and SC WI, Thursday.
At this point, not expecting them to interfere with state tornado doctorll.
thingsiwoulddo I slap wit my cock
RT : Everyone welcome Whitney Mercilus to Houston
So true!
Merci RT : Ok.
If y'all think is just pastry  tomato soup, think again.
Delish!
Can't wait to share more...
Nothing in the section on unfair play on the changing hands.
Just distracting the batsman, fast and short, high and full.
I wouldnt say twitter issues i guess my guts are hated forreal RT GM someone else has twitter issues with you sir
u already know me Retard lol
Good question  if you get towel service you can use it at any of our locations.
Urge Dems in Congress to develop a spine  pass meaningful healthcare reform w/public option in Ted Kennedy's honor.
Pls RT!
Everyone seeing    have a blast today give them all hugs for me :
YOU GONE DIE TONIGHT.
In the litter box
Thanks to all our attendees, and welcome to all the new Tweeters!
do you swing both ways?
Long Beach business of the week goes to for sharing their Mixer event details with us.
Makes us more excited for the Festival!
it's not a diet it's a lifestyle!
of course we can do smoke shack
I will be in NYC this week.
Who knows maybe we will bump into eachother?
Anywho, have any suggestions where to eat or must sees?
Do you like pillows?
Tired hate working saturday mornings shortlazy weekend
We flushed out a lot of market manipulation today.
It was messy and nasty, but needed.
Please All Followback Me D
put a picture when you get it :
Sure can!
go to www.urbanharvest2011.com or you can pay cash/check at the gate!
Don't forget to come in and cash in today's deep discount, Ultimate Nutrition Iso Mass Extreme Gainer, for only 53.99!
Save 36!

Tryna Cancel Sum So i Can Make Tattoo Party .
.
Might Get Them DJN Initials !
Haha .
.
dusttyyy is crazy talking guests...
you not bula n I'm not hazel!
Hello!
are you performing in maryland any time soon??
That too.
Oooovechkin!!!!
That's picture perfect
Testing a new idea for museum trips of the future.
Can we track where kids are located through hashtags?
LevonHelm certainly had The Right Stuff.
Dead  71.
You either know when you meet her..or You know when you lose her..
: We're gonna call our new record Handwritten.
Can't wait for you to hear.
he met her at a club?
Yeah, that's gonna last.
My favorite part of print production has to be placing copy.
It's like a giant puzzle, with words for pieces.
HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all the beautiful mother's
Great to see at the Washington Business Hall of Fame.
Executives making a difference in the dc community
CANT WAIT TTO DO A PHOTOSHOOT!!
So...was it just me, or was the REALLY loud last night?!
Well done, fans.
Check out the Home giveaway promos on
finished at home today.
on to my next book  a wrinkle in time or from the mixedup files of mister.
basil e.
frankweiler?
We've been so energized: FieldConnect Mobile selected 2012 Top Product!
2 years in a row; SalesTouch was so honored in 2011!
Gonna tear it down at New Hope South campus Sunday morning!
Be there 10:50!
Worship Jesus with us!
I love see goodlook woman
I'm gonna bat!
woo lmfao...i'm gonna fail at the same time :P
your fist is tiny!!!!
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
FOLLOW HIM!
BieberOnTheVoice Justin just killed it on stage
I'm sure EVERYONE ELSE IN THIS PUBLIC CAFE appreciated the eyeful I was just treated to when I looked up tribadism on Wikipedia.
NSFW.
Yeah, after a HOT March we have had a rather cool April.
Let's hope May is nicer.
haha!
Bald is best!
I wanna go home.
What's your favorite Denver restaurant for ravioli, lasagna, spaghetti?
by June of that same year they will all start a new hobby
As of 2 hours ago, HMG made the switch from PC to Mac!
:D
what a game!!
Y'all are making it easier for me.
To decide who I should keep around.
you can read chinese?
Business and warfare are both about strategy, tactics, objectives and execution.
Is your business winning the war?
I have to try it one day.....
Hopefully someone else would be paying cuz they ain't cheap!
Lol
It's officially Spring!
Time for Spring cleaning.
Out with the old technology, in with the new!
More, more, more!
I wish we could get a bowl of Starbux Oatmeal and watch Being John Malkovich.
Right now.
Gateway included, full credit card data portability, and card tokenization makes Recurly a smart business decision
Thanks for all your hard work and good luck.
can't wait to see will beckett
GOOD MORNING !!3
Thank you for finally showing up Seguin!
Game 7 here we come.
YOU LOOK LIKE SHIT
already been playing it since it came out
ASSHOLE!
DICKHEAD!
BASTARD!
I HOPE YO PUNKASS GETS FIRED!
at 219 on Lavaca and 4th, grabbin a bite.
Come on over!
Nice blog..
Where were u during the SBF Faceoff last year?
Lol
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit
Erika, you're my 1,000 follower.
Love to gift you a copy of Telling Lies.
Send me your email and I will do.
Can't wait to be cuddling with
Doing a promo print shoot for a University today.
Will I end up on a bus?
Subway station stop?
Or in the halfoff bin?
:P
that sounds good
im so happy its friday
If alex thinks Tanisha looks nice wtf does the rest of the world look like
I think everyone a Lady A'd out.
I know I am.
we shot a video with Prez Pulliams  a walk and talk about dah upcom'n school year, did the 10min vid in ONE take.
best president EVAH!
And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations.
Matthew 24:14
it was alright.
Just no English what so ever.
Thanks for following.
I would love to have you on Industry Revue In the Mix!
I did Negro...
The body never lies.
Working on tuning into my gut instinct.
Thanks for the follow  and thanks for your work with Levi Johnston ;0
my friends like justin bieber?
whos that?
and im like r u serious?
turns out, she didnt know who u were.
crzy right!
You dated a girl without knowing, stopped talking to her then you sent her an inbox saying you missed her.
I admit I like you  you leave me
My Ma Is Grilling out Tommorrow...
Looking forward to it.
Happy Monday!
fitness tip: A Little Dehydoctortion Has a Big Impact.
Stay hydoctorted at all times throughout the entire workout.
KASTLES FANS: Wish well in her recovery from a left wrist injury by tweeting her a message.
Show Hot Rod how much DC cares!
I'm getting an error when I click on your link!
Sync the HTC One X with Microsoft Outlook
is tired.
But Lost is back tonight!
Yes!
That is to complicated for my brain!
duh Austin Mahonee llol he has come so far in the last year 3 Mahomie4Life
: So cold out and I have to stop and get gas ugh!!
I'll pump it for you gurl, where um ?
lol
registering for a conference and coordinating a practicum.
Show of hands: Super WalMart, Chick FilA, and Chili's in space currently occupied by Central Park.
Gunna get me some taco bell before work.
Passion, or Eros as Plato called it, moves toward the creation of Form.
I will envy you forever.
Disney cruises seem epic!
is in for the
So is a high traffic on your blog any indication of more intersts in the real estate market?
or just good marketing?
This time it was it should be aggressive selfishness
Tobin Ost wins Outstanding Set Design Craig Noel Award for the Old Globe's Jane Austen's Emma!
Lunch with Jealous ?
Come on offense!
This is embarrassing!
Somewhere in the world a woman is taking off her lace front and saying to herself i shut it down today.
Riding in my wheel late night left arm on the steering wheel red light cops in my rear view
Tickets booked for Vegas!
WSOP/VDE  ElectroDaisyCarnival Now  finishing med school app.
i just figured out mod suns real name.....ha
: I'm one boob, you're the other boob and together...we're breast friends.
All I do is eat Indian food and blog!
Luckily next week there will be some sightseeing!
MISERY AND UNHAPPINESS, LOVES COMPANY!
SMH!
HA.
Gross.....
You need a spray tan ;D
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP8
off to erin's house.:
My nails are too long.
We hope you enjoyed your visit!
RT : At the Dallas Holocaust Museum!
Santorum stumbling thru victory speech hitting familiar talking points: god, reagan, obamacare, family, even pronounced it missouruh yawn
If people say something is cheap...
It's still worth something...
Cheap is better than worthless...
Talk Is Cheap..
RT : How many Alpha Chis are going Alpha at the Derby?
economic impact is important to foundations.
I got a few different colored tank tops, and neon pink sandels!
Ahh they're so cute.
I guess you can't have sunshine without some rain.
Blew out my multimeter building a guitar amp.
The most disappointing part is that the meter only had a week left until retirement.
Buying the woo woo woo tshirt, mad credit.
Another kid who attack the 17 year old man Easley Wu Big Jacket with fur hood.
Blue Stripped Adidas pants.
No!
Well, maybe.
We can say it will go for ministry, and also for at least one schnitzel a month.
The Ecliptic Express was a luxurious firstclass, intercity train used by Umbrella for employee travel through the Arklay Mountains.
It was so lovely  impressed with our outing to Safari West too.
Living on a vineyard: idyllic
love it.
Welcome to the grindstone.
go to 62nd and oxford.
Follow the sound of the black eyes peas
Yooooo serious question....my avi too promiscuous?
Lol seriously...tell me.
Slidedog lets you combine PPTs, presentations and many file types into a unique playlist on your desktop.
Happy New Year 2012 from all of us at S4TC!
Lots of big news heading your way so stay tuned  tell your friends  family about us!
Thanks!
nah lol I was recordin lmao but I'ma call u tonight promise I'm Gnna let u kno on here b4 I do though
Cute Asian bitches...
I Like that !!!
Jordan Jefferson already got waived lol
I know that yost does some strange things and can't leave the lineup alone but the fault lies in ownership, not Yost
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil You took off your sunglasses and hat
Why is it there so much interest in limiting the of marijuana dispensarys in the wards but no interest in doing the same for group homes?
: Simple question: how many citations were issued to cyclists last year?
Let's see the numbers.
great question!
Bubble Tea!
Yum!
that tuna fish sandwich i just ate
My brain is still flipping in circles over 's doctorwho.
Brainoverload.
Brainmisfire.
:D
Call me crazy for obsessively planning things.
But, I think you're crazy because you don't.
film another movie together and rekindle the fire;
Someone please call the Ten Sports SL commentator and tell him he does not need to say Sir Ian all the time.
Dumbass!
For sotu coverage follow
Cool.
Not eating tonight because food is messy.
Look into Audio Technica.
Solid noisecanceling, rich audio with good bass, and a great price.
ive got buds n over ear; love em
Michigan with two baserunners in the top of fourth.
Next up, Ashley Lane who hit a grand slam in the opener, a 51 Michigan win.
Love following you all!
Please follow back
well looks like something we're gonna have to spent meaningless hours playing.
I'm in westchester.
They aren't supposed to have these trees either.
Thanks guys!
Heard good things about ProductCamp the weekend before.
is hosting some killer events, eh?
I miss NYC
Yes.
I still like him.
But he needs to go to L'ville to figure things out.
Reds are giving up a game a week right now.
The ref's red and yellow cards in the HOUvPOR match have blended together to become a hue of orange seen only in nature everywhere at BBVA.
they only get 100!?!?
Wow.
Missouri voters could decide on higher cigarette tax  Kansas City Star
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  Fedde Le Grand  So Much Love 
ah....im loosing my voice already ;/
Would you rather have no thumbs or no knees?
Thank you!
I took a half day....
Lego Land and Under Water World!
Vegas!
RT : If Khloe  I take a city what city should it be???
KimKholeTake...
hey its becca
Cry if you need to
Know your friends but know your enemies better.
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: Blanket Loans are available for multiple properties
Let us cook tonight...we have a dinner plate with your name on it!
Happy 1st bday to the Scotland yard 187 st paul st happy hour to celebrate at 530
Okay, Koln is affordable.
Getting our passport stuff ready right now.
WILLIAM.FUCKINhhh HEBREW.HAMMER!!!
Heading into day 3 of lost baggage irregularity with Wrong bag delivered to house at midnight.
Pro tip: check bag color?
Psycology is really boring
I think in postapocalypse America, people will have to fight off rampaging bands of fundamentalist Christians.
SIXTH MAN OF THE YEAR OUTCHEA KNOWING HIS ROLE...
go Juliet!
lrnchat Scott Lewis Redley College in Reedley CA  I learned weather reports are seldom correct
I finally see the freight train that wakes me up most mornings  now I'm stuck at the tracks
:D you guys are gonna be HUGe!!!!!!
:D
I'd love a follow please!
Tribe Steppaz/ Prime Mover bookings go to..
WWW.PREMIEREARTISTSGROUP.COM
Yes, maam!
Can't believe she is only 16...can you imagine what she will be like 10 years from now?
Awesome!
i bought this spanish book a few years ago when I was first learning and the first phrase in the book was, Una copa de vino.
nice seeing you.
Sorry had to pass on the doctornk.
Would have loved to hang out.
Next time!
Exactly!
The end.
Brandon Rios got his ass kicked..Abril was ahead every round!
No wonder MMA is more popular than boxing!
With decisions like that
Ok, sounds good!
Look forward to seeing you.
Hit me up when you get in town.
The whole fam would love to see you!
REC's creepy girl in the attic  Quarantine's old dude in tighty whities
2 more days!
don't you just love Vancouver weather :
I didnt think he would :P he'll follow you someday, dont worry!
Happy Mother's Day to all my fab n posh hot momma's out there!
Enjoy your day!
Real rap niggas...
ah.
well I'm sure he'll think you're cool too UNTIL he turns 15.
That's how it rolls.
should have started home like I started to do.
ready to go home  get in the bed.
defly sleeping in 2ma.
yeah.
Wtf it's not even memorial day yet.
Why are we even in the mid east if gas is still going up?
A new market research study reports that a whopping 28 of all music is being purchased on iTunes.
Never try going back to what was and stay where you are and focus on what is and what will be
When you're weak,ill be strong.
When you let go, i'll hold on.
Well deserved for a rockstar PR Pro!
: RT : Congrats to on his promotion!
lol the chinese people that live next door to me still have their Christmas tree up...
for sure
I'LL TAKE YOU.
Kev, neither, dont broadcast my family travels..
was in Vienna Mon.
thru Wed last week, you?
my foot barely hurt yesterday, and today it hurts like crazyy.
erg.
And of course it has to be raining
Justice u can suck one
Times Square is amazing.
Landed it was raining but now the sun is raising : Sorry 4 the fans at the airport..
Think I was a bit mean!
you
I wasn't even busting balls thought it was a fair question.
Fair questions obv off limits.
Anyone here loves justin?
Follow me 
Congrats MISS IRELAND we look forward to your AMERICAN tour
Congratulations!
We did it!
I bought a cilantro plant today.
It was a long time coming.
you really need to be recording this.
Great day ahead  lands at 9:30a  onto Press Conf at 11a  then both champs help some really needy familes
Lunch 7 days per week Brionyc.com Brioflatiron.com
And another new server ready  vpn22 OpenVPN server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Just left the recording studio, recorded a Rockin tune in English  Spanish for my upcoming PSA.
So Fun!!
Although those are crappy seats also
At Bryant  Stratton's Greece campus tabling for Biz Kid ...lots of fun to be had indeed :
Give all your victories to the Lord Hope the track meet goes well tomorrow
would be so much better 2nite if and brought their characters back to the show that made them!
The Avengers is My 2nd Favorite Movie!
T
Why does a simple fried shrimp apetizer tasted so good at Bartollotta restaurant?
aw congrats to you!!
Is it a boy or girl?
get a pair of guie fairtrade handmade shoes visit our webstore!
Lesbians scoping out the sunglasses.
Your show at the Birchmere was amazing Thank you for coming to Alexandoctora!!
Probably best.
We'll see what happens this weekend.
why'd you hack me  sign the petition thing?!
Framed a letter I received from President Sarkozy of France...looks very nice on the new home office wall...OK, OK..enough about the office!
The new maps shown in the screenshot are exclusive to Quake Arena Arcade.
With a Kim Kardashian spot in the last 2 mins it should be exciting
Thats why we put it there!
Great space.
I'll let you k ow if we have any cool events so you can go
Chelsea dancing to Call Me Maybe 
just saw your exchange with west...how can you contain yourself when dealing with such nonsense?
Haha!
Love it!
This charliesheen interview is amazing.
i text'ed you
I KNOW, right???
of course!
I seriously loved the post :
.
: in their countries, Latin artists are making 30k, 45k per night.
They need to go smaller in the US to grow here
Today was a good day.
Happy, Happy Tracy!
yup!!
It's gonna be here very quickly!!!
what happened to Pete?
he used to be so reliable
Apparently the libchat crew is light on football fans.
Will miss tomorrow in favor of NFL opener.
when you guys are leaving Australia ?
I feel sorry for sober people.
When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Frank Sinatra
Bout to kicks it like Tony Jaa today
Chilling at the pad watching baseball.
Eating a sandwitch and tortilla chips.
doctornking sweet tea.
What tf is you talking about ?
Just saw that a hockey player slammed a players head into the glass.
Maybe I will attempt to watch some playoff hockey
what time is he doctorpping u off?
i just gotta outta the shower haha
I just haven't been myself lately...
if you ever do anything in cinci I would love to help or be involved :
I want to go see the Dictator
Most times engaged couples annoy the shit out of me.
There is no way that you're always that happy.
but I yet to see a Basket ball player that could throw them things .
Are you a pack rat or just need to GET ORGANIZED?
We've got expert advice to help you in just minutes on Wake Up!
they cheap
Our pleasure, wish I could it make it over but will be tied up here!
Next time....
Might it be considered nearly worse than Mondays?
Common Internet usage is effectively criminalized under this law.
This bill will kill American innovation and development of the Internet
Are you a nice Washingtonian?
How do we build a better DC and welcome new residents to our region?
....in my room.
There is a storm that will calm when im through, these are my thoughts that I long for.
Her: I tagged you in it..
Me: We live together!!!
Zuckerberg: Muahahahahaha!
do you love it?
Can you pass me along the info for these startups?
I can DM my email if you add me.
Got the bends?
So do we!!
Well, radioheads version.
I forgot how great it is!
Come in and listen with a bloody mary or a hot toddy!
3 U
thx, long day.
Kids did great traveling though!
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon
I dont suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it
Got a flyer for this tournament?
Just won a pot in your honor with 9 2 diamonds.
At WCAF in Vegas.
Ready to meet and greet some of the Michaels/Artistree vendors!
Heat gameplan: Run into screen as hard as you can, flail neck, whine that you ran into a screen.
Still have it.?
Still wear it?
I wanna know..
Brighten up my spirits...
Mixtape coming soon!
If I Stay by Gayle Forman...it will break your heart.
Loved Kate McKinnon's inaugural SNL performance.
Getting in two sketches on first show is borderline miraculous.
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain I like watchin' the puddles gather rain
A woman in the streets and a freak in the you know what.
sit back, relax, its the pregame, Daddy you kno what's up ;
Ready to start a new week
I will investigate craft at PL8 tomorrow.
Planning Yelp event there.
Whatever you think can't be done, someone will come along and do it.
Thelonious Monk.
So do it
Burn all you love.
Theres no hope for the weak
: That awkward moment when you show someone something really funny  they dont think its funny at all.this 1 goes out to
it's BBQ Ribs and my handwriting is not that bad!
Well, party doesn't start until 8, I'll get down there around 7:30, so I guess you'll still be there and I'll meet you there?
the new page is terrible,put it back the way it was.
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid HeightsSave The Robot  Party People
Any thing less than 2 milk is not milk.
Black Cat, nine lives  short days, long nights.
Better watch your step or your gonna die
Writing a biz plan certainly isn't a cake walk!
Going 2 bed  230a only to wake up in 3 hrs
What's nice is that it's kind of understatedjust a touch of flashiness with the red.
A fitting tribute to the Greatest.
what's up tonight?!
Looking for nurses who are also caregivers at home for family members with disability/longterm illness.
If you know of anyone, let me know.
Spent 84.
Got 6 doctorpery panels, a lamp and shade, and a huge collage frame.
Boston all day
doctornking some vino and watching my little brother kill it on keyboard.
Loving life.
Plain Jane is my shit
Phone bill too high but I am watching adam richman like chocolate sweet
Twitter is like a circus tent with freak shows odd ones screaming look at me at the same time.
Sometimes you just need to step outside
sounds good!
will DM my phone  and plan to shop until I hear from you!
turn to you : 
Follow back!
Dear insomnia, I generally like you.
You make me productive.
But right now can you please just fuck off?
Love Rees
I will miss you Sarah Jane Smith.....and the actress who played her Elizabeth Sladen.
She was the first companion I ever saw.
I would if my dad didn't live in such a ridiculously crap area, believe me I would be spending every day at Venice FML!
On my way to to moderate a panel discussion on hackerspaces in Oakland.
Also, I am planning to doctornk some beer.
: At the age of 16, 80 of people have already met the person they are going to marry.
this ain't right, right?
I think it's a very real fact that pushing the industry forward isn't sexy, and doesn't pay as well.
Therein lies the problem.
As future generations look back on the immigration debate, which side of history will you be on?
How many mavericks were in favor of the championship bracelets?
I need wine.....a bottle to b exact this Is serious.....and my mister Bear who is shoved in my suitcase :
Everyone can say I love you but not everyone means it.
So believe it when you feel it, not when you hear it.
There's another piece by her called Young Adult.
Charlize Theron is in it.
It got great reviews.
Check it out.
The best 3 hours of the week deserve the best 3 doctornk specials.
HAPPY HOUR 47pm!
I love Makin me laugh in Econ and stuff 
Ive come to terms w/ the fact that Alcatraz, Flash Forward, Fringe, Awake  Terra Nova are not, n will never b, LOST.
I remember the nursery too.
I share the same sentiment.
So cry me a fucking river, bitch.
Get It Gone and more!
Ill be ur sweet doctoram or a beautiful nightmare
Happy Monday!
It's raining here, but we have a truly ridiculous amount of chocolate in the office, which makes up for the lack of snow.
:o
If you don't respect the Cure, I don't respect you.
why do I feel the need to spend money i dont have /
Good thing CC and I are thinking allinclusive for the honeymoon...
that's a shame I was hoping she was moving close to the department store
.
Thanks for the mention of our Book Show!
We're really excited!
They need more.
People like Steve Jobs need less.
Too much money in too few places.
Does not have to be that way.
I have SaySomethin memorized;
getting ready to dish about public heritage unconference
: Following the first 500 people who follow  RETWEET when your done :
I had no idea Tracy McGrady was still in the NBA until I saw him playing in this playoff series against the Celtics.
yup yup
Looks like a big Monday morning full of marcfail so far...
Anyone affected?
Childhood sometimes does pay a second visit to man; youth never.
Oh Kam, why do you do this to me?
DON'T BE HORRIBLE TO PATTIE
follow back?x
There It Is
I registered for a MECA2012 class today!
Easy Peasey!
this the correct hashtag?
HAPPY HALLOWEEN TO ALL MY TWEETERS!
HAVE A SCARY DAY!
I wouldn't put tonights loss on the team poorly.
NOT TA NITE
Is that weed
screw moral victories  our coaching sucks as bad today as it ever has
Ever have one of those days where you don't know where to start?
I keep switching between multiple projects and not making progress
I'm good!
Thanks:
From what just a couple of bottles
at least yours doesn't say: hey sucker, don't forget you work 68 hours a week!
I'm glad we texted till 3am last night :
Why the Hell is Madonna performing at halftime?
Awe I didn't know you were doing that!
Good luck, it's not an easy task
Will I get kicked out of Boston if I can't get Pinkberry and Berryline straight?
nm watching tv and yourself?
Awh well still : smile gorgeous
Went back to socialscope for my BB based tweets
Can I have more followers plz
The Apple store is ALWAYS cray cray busy!!!
Ugh
ONE BILLION.
That's almost twice the lottery...
I agree!
I'm with a chick with a big ass, big tits, big lips
The power you're supplyin' It's electrifyin'!
Big game
Warren released 2 make room for D gronk, also hearing Warren cld b back after week 1 cause vet contract not guaranteed.
thoughts?
Thanks for RTs  much appreciated!
People get more upset about gluten than guns.
please follow me!!!!
3
A metal spoon helps smooth heat transfer.
volunteering for wearewisconsin for the get out the vote efforts!
Voting August 9th!
Hey!
It's going good.
Hope its going good for you too!
Cadyn is graduating Kindergarten tomorrow!
My lil man is growing up!
Can't wait to have him here all day w/ me this summer  FUN ;
Remembering Buddy Holly, The Big Bopper, and Ritchie Valens on the day the music died  February 3rd, 1959
they pulled  the heartstrings throughout.
It took me an hr 2 fall asleep after as it was that suspenseful.
Seattle looked gr8
We now offer threading for hair removal.
Call our office for details.
7864765484
It's definitely not coming back, not even to another network?
Nothing says MARQUEE AWARDS SHOW like Rob Riggle to Host Who?
Payback time
GIRLS ep 4.
getting pretty good.
quality programming.
continues to impress.
Joyful yeses  meeting needs  are the foundation of gaining trust from our childoctorn.
doctor Purvis
im in the uk mate!
x
did u ever realize how hard it is for us to tweet u yet we ddnt receive just one;
I really need to stop eating right before I go to bed.
My doctorams are so messed up 
I'm based in US near Washington, DC but go to China about once every 6 weeks.
When little kids are chasing me, i run slow so they think they're fast.
Shoutout To My New Followers 
Romney quote: My dads dad was not a polygamist.
Hi Cheong, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
I've done it.
So amazing.
RT : Before I die I want to go zip lining.
Finally in Christchurch on the !
: Honey nut cheerios?
Maybe.
just had some .
Pretty sure I just passed your bitch ass.
ihateschool , I only need a 26 on my math final to pass the class, even though I have pretty good odds I am still paranoid.
I'm watching 2012CC online.
They look great!
I really loved Jimmy's choice, A LOT.
I liked all three, but Jimmy's choice was a beautiful side of Phillip.
:
wish I could have attended.
Greatest book of the month: Everything I Need to Know I Learned from Dungeons  doctorgons: One Woman's Quest to Turn SelfHelp into ElfHelp
BET should only show award shows...anything else is irrelevant..
its 11:11 go follow ur doctorams don't stop till u get there!333
NO you are!!!
I'm not gonna deal with your shit
hey CC!
It's my birthday!
:D
In order to fully understand something, we must open to it enough to receive its energy; otherwise, we remain ignorant of its lessons.
So who is going to win on your bracket?
Got it set?
just for fun of course!
Hey!
The shower is the best place to sing!
:p
I don't even care about followers anymore.
Unfortunately I'm in PHX and missing all the Super Bowl fun this year.
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from Por Favor!
Is there a reason REI doesn't carry Montbell products?
hope the windycitytweetup is lots of fun
Dont fall in love with the blessings.
Fall in love with the Blessor.
Seek first the Kingdom.
J.
Olsteen
building sets and getting ready for a castingcall on Monday.
Stop pursuing happiness and take a second to appreciate that you aren't blind, limbless or wearing an Angry Birds shirt
it's like 1800's porn...except in reverse lol
Attempting to get a goods night sleep tired 
RT : Be firm in your commitment to take the lead.
When you know something needs to be done, don't wait, do it.
There is a limit to my patience and kindness in loving and protecting you.
you italian?
Doing a little twitter demonstration
lol I'm a looser too!
and I wanna see what it looks like!
OH: Stop beating up the HR Director
Just as I suspected.
Google is starting to advertise on Tv now that school is out.
Social networks truly live  die by the students.
I'm proud to say I hve changed I'm a better person I'm my own woman
lol i saawwweeeee!
I get to fly to L.A this week!
thanks, I haven't seen it yet!
Power is out in Fineview!
So,  I are sitting in the dark having conversations/finding entertainment through social media ha.
A cool Mil?!
That's redonkulous!
Congrats, love the vids.
12 Angry Monkeys
IS is eating subs a gameday ritual or are you pitting Cousins  Subway against each other for an endorsement deal?
Lol
ForgettablePirates the second coming of Richie Hebner
Matt Unrath will give State of the State addoctorss at the Powering Social  Economic Opportunity Conference April 25, 2012 in Santa Fe
Bitches fucks ur crew  not u, Hoes fucks u  ur crew, WOMEN fuck U  ONLY U!!!
How many 1 of those you know????
Come on Dominic,put a little trust in our fly boyz.
RT : If you have still have time in your daily Fantasy Baseball lineups, get Ichiro in there.
Very sharp during BP,targeting RF
RT : for at with some great colleagues!
Come out and support tonight!

makes you appreciate how well Gabby held it together over the years.
Can't wait for this godawful Caps season to end.
Phoney ass ppl
On the way home from a day trip to listening to the new cd and beautiful voice of :
A man has to do what a man has to do.
In due time
teamjesus , Josh and the big wall, or Rack,shack, and benny?
veggietales tonight!
Happysabbath, bonsabbah, felizsabado, all that!
I read about the afterlife but i never really lived more than an hour
SxSw Film is a good start.
TAKIN IT TO THE NEXT LEVEL EVERYDAY.WHO WITH ME?
oh my gosh yes!
What if Harry decided he wanted to come to Virginia and I saw him and we met and fell in love?!
Everyone follow
yeah!
he is sexy hehe
ALSO NOW FOLLOWING!!
If I were a filmmaker w/ 50K followers and put on a screening of my new movie, I'd tweet the hell out of it.
This has been a great day.
Only one thing could make this day any better...
Be secure.
Challenge yourself.
Life isn't a competition.
Be content.
''An artist's only concern is to shoot for some kind of perfection, and on his own terms and not any one else's.'' J.D Salinger
Hey Santa Fe, want to learn how to make iMovies?
Stop by Baillio's in SF tomorrow at 9:15 for a free class.
Did you find what you were looking for?
If not, please let me know!
How do I turn the battery percentage off?
I've been getting serious anxiety all morning when it hits 40.
I have not slept in for two weeks, let's just make this 3.
I have to be to school at 7 AM,
GoTribe in other news, i bought an azteC patterned vesty yesty, maybe now i can go back to my home tribe
72 degrees outside today.
woo!
We also have 18 tickets to Saturday's Indy Ice game get up close and FEEL the action.
2754040 for tickets.
Tonight's workout was particularly good.
Not sure why tho.
Thank You for turning me on to Bright Light Bright Light....I have always loved Rob Thomas and really am loving this new stuff!!
Just missed you again!
: RT : just pulled up to Brady street outside club Bradysnow or no snow ; juice is flowin.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Newt Gingrich's message to America is that the open marriage is not just for the young and hip anymore.
Haha.
I had a fight with peanut mm's yesterday and lost but I has a lower calorie dinner to make up for it.
Did an Hawaii food tour today ..
It was awesome ..
So many wonderful exotic tasty treats here ..
Yum yummy 8
Watching family Guy
By midnight..
but has access to MY garage until Friday at 3:00.
So frustrated.
lmao i am a athletic training major, i dont need to know anything about english lol
Valentine's love means burning 543.
Strong heart.
Stinky shirt.
RT: While I love Computers in Libraries, I want to start a magazine called People in Libraries.
Sorry guys, I need to finish this book.
Shutting off my phone.
LET'S GO LAKERS OT!!
yes,me too?
texasfloridacontinuum RT : n a mood today and the pAper chAse is just the thing i need.
thank you
Soon Soon my shortfilm LTSFBC will be ready!!!
hey thanks for the follow!
like us on facebook!
u play guitar so u will def appreciate the candy riff
Time is flying by!
Were in IL already!
Playing in Tinley Park tonight at 7:15 skull candy stage 
Dad turn off the 80's music and please stop dancing!
It's a shame but true.
love u n u know y because your beautiful .loving and caring see u tonight love
41 of AfricanAmericans have moved since 2008.
Make sure you are registered to vote if you have not already.
Just ate a pea
Energy doctornks?
No thanks.
I prefer vitamin water.
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
are you ther answer me on fb?
thanks
Black woman spanking her crying child ...
0o awkward
Somebody go get my laptop charger for me.
It's all the way over there.
is the Avengers worth 3D or just as good to see regular?
all bony nd bent long nasty nails lol
Are you on it again??
It was a powerful example of how the arts community comes together in support of arts and arts education in
thanks!
happy friday!
The Fringe fandom is now pregnant
FF parents of some of the best talent in the world
I fucked that tweet all up
Ghost rider proved that twinkies don't go bad.
Lol
Getting ready to go get some breakfast with my daughter before I head out ....
Who's coming????
In Omaha, Nebraska visiting schools to rebuildjoplin schools.
Watching extremehomemakeover live on abc from the hotel.
How true this is.
I find it strange that baby names take on trends like fashion: what's hot or not in baby names this year?
At least we're not Canadian.
FF my wonderful friend Megan who's heart is in philly, but she's stuck in NY.
can't wait till you're back!
School is done in 7 mins.
Than goodness.
I so need a nap
in love :
So glad to hear that!
Busy month!
3 Shows, TV Performance, Photo shoot, and a studio session!
this damn new pitcher got the bases loaded.
can we switch him for Sabbathia again?
Work hard, play hard.
uc soccer nothing compared to akron zips...
class of ohio!!!
Can't sleep :/
happy Friday!
Enjoy ya weekend family!
Was YS librarian in Indiana for 8yrs moved to WI because misterfound a new job here.
I 3 Twitter librarians!!
I just turned on TruTV and saw 5 highlighter markers running around on the court.
MamaProud I love her
My kitten has better comedic timing than your kitten, .
Gotta love the show Martin
wants you
Now that I'm awake and can read....your map is AWESOME!
Follow this line to find COFFEE would love it too.
I know something about pages.
what do you need?
Xavier Avery is just begging for a foot race from
Not good to hear  sorry meal didn't meet our standards.
Thxs 4 giving us another go  let us know when you'll be in again!
Maid Brigade is a name you can trust for thorough, healthy housecleaning services, backed by uncommonly helpful live customer service.
You and Dana chill yesterday?
First day with today!
ThingsBlackFolksScaredOf The sound of sirens when we are doctorving...
Spring forward.
I'm cool w/ you not retweeting that pic...
definitely not ideal promo material!!
It's all good if you do tho
iTunes Match and doctorpbox are currently rocking my world.
I think you guys are beautiful !
keep it up!
Chocolate is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
whenever i'm in a good mood, my dad isn't.
but he complains when I don't wanna be around him?
whatever..
...
trying to figure out why a communication studies student needs to take a chemistry class...
What a goal by Young!!!
2 to nin Man Utd!!!
ugh.
I hate greyhound racing.
When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run just for fun and become happy?
I really hope this goes 7 games..its just too entertaining watching the clippers and grizz go at it.
We just got news and Jacklyn will be covering the kardashians signing today!
Any questions for the Kardashians!?!!
True forgiveness enables you to clearly see Gods vision....Jesus states love your enemies be patient and wait 4 the results!
I am DYING to read Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail by That book seems perfect for my memoir fettish.
MyPastRelationships Have been nuthing but boys tryna get in my underwear...SMDH
If yu sit here and criticize me bout lien to yu and then yu go off and lie to me I lose interest bkuhs I expectd more from yu
Missing St.
Maarten...the beach...the water...
Calling all students and professorssors use the Ft in your classroom
I know right!
I love my soldier!!
okay I'll text you lol
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Off to the Hodag PickOff competition !
I want my own Tim Gunn.
He should live in my apartment and give me a pep talk every morning.
that's right :
i checked your video out it was off the chain
Usher and 's Climax sounds awesome on in Milwaukee.
The life of a man is a circle from childhood to childhood, and so it is in everything where power moves.
Black Elk
Yeah, that's what I figured.
It still has far more info than I could even try to give him.
Ugh Wango Tango kicks off at 2 pm tomorrow.
Wtf?
no thank you!
When you say something is difficult, convert the word difficult to information by asking yourself whquestions to find specific solutions.
Strong sensation  Music can provide deep, thrilling emotional experiences, particularly while performing.
Both!
Need to have culture to listen to internal employees first RT : Can big companies innovate or do they have to acquire
Tomorrow's Monday, and I'm wishing my school would collapse
Can you wish me luck for my soccer games today?
:
40s on 40 was awesome!
Got to catch up with so many people
Does anyone else hate the Facebook app?
Tuesday you?
I say let the breeze hit your face; let go of everything, and hold in place...
Tua Lek is my Thai name
I want your nails in my back like nails on a chalk board...
I 3 Blood On The Dance Floor!!!!!
thats a great idea!!!
:D
Definitely.
I like how clean everything is, and very easy for people to contact you and find answers to questions.
Perfect!
yes.
let's do it.
Back in the US waiting on plane as gate is broken.
Well at least that's all that broke since I left, right?
On the side, no riots nearby.
why did you delete your tweet?
Gr.
Just saw it and loved it!
I thought it was a really good movie.

yeeeeeaaah, but you're the best.
dealwithit 
Smells of spruce
Thank you Eric!
saw you headed to the UK, go kill it man...
good luck with everything.
Do you bro!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Here is some dying flowers and the remnants of a tree in card form.
That's how much I love you.
Why do I let something so little get to mee ?
Playing at The Underground tonite around 10PM.
955 West End Ave.
NYC.
Have guitar, will travel.
Sitting in on open mike night as a test run.
Tumblr has found a large quantity of haterade and is consuming it in mass quantities.
Doubt it.
I, too, love red velvet cupcakes.
Just finalised details 4 attending the Annual sports psychology conference in the USA next week.
only way to know is to do it.
I got a gym with cameras!
My money on the youngin!
Sharks have been around longer than dinosaurs, humans, and the Simpsons.
So they don't latch on to fads quickly.
No sleep.
Just chillin at the Holiday In
Wah!
I think im getting sick, calling it a night.
Lemon grass, also known as Sweet Rush and sometimes called Fever Grass in the Caribbean, can be used as a remedy for fevers, and colds.
You funny as hell, Keep doing what you do.
Happy Resurrection Day.
Hope everyone remembers that we all have the opportunity to be made new...
Take it.
You look like Steven Tyler!...
fucked Mick Jagger!
Not a fan of this Juliet Simms girl  my boyfriend isn't either, obviously.
Lolol.
that sounds so depressing :
Is wondering if the mavs lose, will mark cuban shit himself?
Sorry, , I'm not libertarian....
but Ron Paul seems like he's got the edge on ya.
I'm still down for Paul/Romney '12.
Awesome.
Send a link to your account.
Would love to follow?
: what is homework?
who tf knows
I'll talk to my and try to come
I'm so obsessed with that show!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
alexis fucking bledel.
that is all.
hey watch it, he should have been gone a while ago.
What do the bears have to look forward to this year?
:P
Everything I've seen or read about Max Payne 3 sounds amazing.
Nihilistic writing.
HEALTH!
So.
Tempted.
Is fun an essential component of learning?
Summertime Chi
Twitter is stressing me out the past few days...I keep falling in and out of 666 total followers...don't like this at all..
RT : I can't wait until I'm old and I can play the Fall Asleep Card in awkward situations.
How are tornadoes and marriages alike?
They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
done and done!!
One toast away from never having to give a COM 101 speech again!!
Same old Sabres team always finding ways to lose
I deserve that, I deserve you
seahwaks, lets get it in..
12th in full effect!!!!
Anyone know any good video editor programs?!?!
The one I have isn't doing very well on this SBH video lol.
The worst thing ever is when someone you love is upset with you.
B'more Safe Puppetry program debuting right now at Franklin Middle School!
I'm a Google AdWords surgeon.
I occasionally leave myself shaking my head.
I'm killin it.
did it work?
thanks!
: I had fun too!
we beat them at their house last time, we'll take it easy on them
Enjoy your time.
Sorry I missed your visit.
RT In Madison for meetings w/ Coach Alvarez  staff.
First, breakfast at Mickie's.
someone is really doing that?
Thanks for the shoutout!
Offensive rebounds and free throws...
thanks for the tweet guys.
It's much appreciated :
The delegation will give you the same nonsense they always have.
Whatever B.S.
they've always fed you, expect more of it.
Sorry if this offends you but how is Miller doing?
I know it didn't end well w/ you all but I wish the best for his health.Bless
Does Dom Capers' hair have a twitter account?
Congratulations to our 600th follower!!
Thank you for the much appreciated
If I don't go tanning I look like a ghost 
are you in rehab?
it's cool, jk
welcome to twitter xoxo
Its all good
I'm getting tired of politically scewed news.
MY mom said you look VERY different,your hair is growing so long in the back,you got very cute,haha
I am now.
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to checking your music!
keep on creating in
today I am going through all the fall fashion mags in prep for my first real fall in Chicago.
would be proud.
Great job, OccupySantaFe!!!
Thanks for sharing the info.
hey wat was the phone number u were callin of?
We have a number of events planned this week honoring Indiana's great teachers during National Teacher Appreciation Week.
Thanks teachers!
My AAR membership was approved, so now need to update our Web site.
:
The album opener Hold On is the shizzzzzzzz.
Happy to hear it!
Question: If someone is married, what constitutes having an emotional affair?
Question: how do you empathize with someone like Hitler?
Don't confuse empathy and sympathy.
ya he did do that...
My can win tonight we got the team we just gotta play strong!
thanks man thank you for the follow too
Walked into Kohl's and they're playing Goodnight Moon.
INSTANT SMILE!!
DM ME YO INFO SO WE CAN CHOP IT UP MY GUY
2 cloudy to see anything in sky.
Much less a Moon close to earth.
HA!
awesome.
I got mine from in RIchmond VA.
Just let me know when and we can set that up!
Room at the Top and Abacab
how is your weekend going?
LinkedIn Today has a design for quicker access and to customize the news you want.
movie day :
Trying to make the best of tonight.
:/
Wondering how can explain charging me fees for a second time over a month after I closed my account.
Uncool.
Hash oil hash wax scissor wax derpa derpa
Because those two things are original, right?
lol yeah OK.
Success is not the key to happiness.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful Albert Schweitzer
Im cheap....when I go to a store I go straight to clearance....
Hahaha
Not 2nite boo
interesting indeed.
I hadn't seen that before.
should check it out.
MT T1 women's health is anything that affects women more than men, incl chronic illnesses where majority are female
I only let people know very litle about me.
U know the most about me I perfer to keep it that way.
Todays special at BDW!
Make any burger a double for 1.00 more add a 1.00 to make it a combo.
This is our deal of the week!
you don't need to look like a model in a magazine to be beautiful
It was Yemisi....
Looking forward to seeing how the student fellows' projects evolved over spring break.
Stedman, it isn't about race, it's about each individual getting out of his box and defining himself to the world.
Well, thanx :D
According to my professorle picture Im s GF lmaoooo
and I hope your breaks are going well!
Time for some football!!
or a lifetime intervention episode in 5years
Structural separation of trucking from freeways works pretty well.
Same might work in broadband.
RT : Was awoken this morning by a cockroach falling onto my head.
INSIDE my mosquito net.
Mozambique: 1, Courtney: 0.
Dance magic dance.
Egg Plate today is the Bangers and Mash Omelette!
Mediation as brainstorming.
love back
Post 24 compliments of mister Deals  USA TODAY
Just works out that way sometimes, never our preference.
final day on set...
bitter sweet.
Thanks everybody for the great suggestions on getting French translations done.
Big help!
I've been thinking about it and I decided that they should make Zac Efron Finnick.
Thats it.
Perfect.
CatchingFire and
Samsung files suit for patent infringement against Apple
Folded postcards are the best option for marketing or promotional purposes.
Jainism  The knowledge of science, human consciousness  Daily News amp; Analysis
lol  you made me look.
i think it was just his socks though...
cracked me up the sam was doing a cannonball...
:
Prince Fielder: All Star MVP...
This night gets even better.
hard to believe : Very sad to hear about Rajeev Motwani's death.
A good friend, mentor to so many entrepreneurs, wonderful person.
Good night and and and :
Learning tons at the Researching Native American Tribal Law workshop!
OMG girl what do she have one?
she raachet
Congrats Kris!!
It is the best shift to spend lots of time with the family.
Ritalin taken for ADD/ADHD may affect height growth, but even teens taking it reach their maximum height.
I can't regret the words I never said...
Waking up with the Game of Thrones theme in your head makes getting ready for work feel much more epic.
Big Buda boom!!
Me n A.
SEGAL
so much homework 
Salvage the Bones  family function and dysfunction circa Katrina...definitely on my list.
When I Leave This World I Leave No Regrets .
Leave Something To Remember , So They Wont Forget I Was Here
Poolside to Pierside 3 week Open Water Bootcamp with USMS National Open Water Clinic Lead and SCAQ Coach Mallory Mead begins this Sunday
with all the great deals going on at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com you have nothing to lose and alot to gain such as money!
Check it out.
sounds negative
Word on the street: Our holiday Chicago Tribune article runs tomorrow...
make sure to pick up a copy or two!!
come on people!!
really you need to keep moving foward for real we r not in 1960's is 2011 please poeple stop been bad ass bitches move FWD!
getting lots of great new ideas for our pop culture exhibit family days
mention me
Ima be me 365 an 366 on leap year
Live Music Lineup Linde  Ted Hammock with Reed Kendal , The Nerds , 3a.m.
Tokyo !
Truth uttered before its time is always dangerous.
Mencius
NikkiHaley's union busting working.
More SC jobs at lower cost.
More friends now have BOTH jobs they need to survive.
It's working great!
Iowa Craft Beer Fans: Don't miss out on the at the , much like the awesome at the
I love you pic!!
I find it hilarious how girls can move on so fast...
let's collaborate : Im in the DMV till april 20 then LA
Do you love food trucks?
foodtruck chinesefood We are going to have ours very soon!!
I have been told by senior leaders to social media that in order to grow participants in a program.
Making the bus part of the social experience is fun, as long as plenty of others participate
Sadly it was from an actual person
Well then keep squares outta your circle homie G LBC D O Double G
: I hope you're having the best time ever in IRE!
Also, miss you.
whenareyoubackagain?
i hope you notice me :
Happy cinco de mayo!
And happy directioner day!
Don't forget to doctorw the 1d infinity symbol on your wrist today.
a couple of my friends and I skated with him when he came to Chicago.: he's a rad dude.
She's making me put the flour in the freezer so it will last forever.
It has already lasted forever.
Maybe we should just buy new flour?
Traffic stopped so some guy could get the baby gator out of the road ....welcome to Florida...
The guy living next to me watches 24 like it his his job.
All I hear is that beeping sound when they split the screen 4 ways
the jets didn't have a top notch defense the past 3 years?...
That's not what fat rex has been saying the past 3 years
see I told you lol
Filling out my ballot and answering the door to trickortreaters  at the same time!
IThinkILikeVotingByMail here in
Heat be having my pressure UP
the bracket pairings will fall as they may, but in the end we will cross paths and you'll regret calling me out.
:
Too close for comfort.
U of L will have to play a lot better against Mich St.
or St.
Louis.
Enjoy your night.
Didn't go for a run today and missed it.
If it is understood that bo is really a muslim, then all he does actually makes perfect sense!!
Booked trip to LAX and SFO for July 4th week.
Might just be the final hoorah before grind season begins.
and yet probably one of the most gratifying
I got you
Dobrica is presenting on screenscraping html into Z39.50.
Tiger will go into the weekend with the lead...
: so excited for you!!
havefun thanks brother!
Pics coming soon!
got that thing bro..ima hit u on yo handle
I told him sorry for the wait
juryduty cancelled!
Some other time I guess!
Auditioning for the stage show Sakura No Ne.
I need supporters, dude!
Spread the word  18 Year Smoker to Triathlete My Journey from Day 132.
yvettejohnston.com
Woke up feeling sick to my stomach this morning not the greatest way to start a 3 day weekend.
:
how are you??
what are you up to these days?
still in LA?
10 Facebook Tips 1 Don't add posers!
well i almost got killed...
why doesnt it bother my boyfriend when i call him names like smooshbear and snugglebums?
Is it possible im just that cute, or....???
All of Twitter is going in on Tweet her handle in the search.
She is the most hated woman on Twitter since yesterday.
Agreed.
I like to think of this as a three hour comedy of errors like if Michael Bay directed Three's Company.
YOU CAN TAKE A FRIEND IF YOU WIN.
WHICH FRIEND WILL IT BE???
what?!
Wow congrats.
Geez this is starting to get crazy!
it hit the fan hahah
ima follow you too, like a stocking kitten
Guess today just ain't my day .
.
today is gonna go by super slow.
Love how DeGea and Rafael were gesticulating at Jonny Evans on the own goal as if there was anything he could do.
Ball coming too fast.
New show opening this week!
Join us on Friday for the opening of Pete McCutchen's exhibition of colorful photographs!
Played duck duck goose today ahha lml testing has everyone goofy afterwards
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
....so, where is it?
lmaooo3
The first big decision today  what music to listen to while I watch the sunrise in Cville?
The winner: Alcest  Ecailles de Lune
Now we're definitely visiting!
RT I think it's time to reveal that life in Ohio is EXACTLY like it seems on Glee.
that would be super helpful!
what's EMS ?
heading to to discuss trending hashtags, spirit airlines, private social networks like path, and other social media hot topics
glad I now know where you stand on that issue!
I'll doctorp your cheesehead in the mail as soon as the Giants party ends!
Dear CEO, if you don't want people to complain about your company, then stop pushing out crap says at
Oh Friday, how happy I am to see you!!
What hurts the most is being so close.
And having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
Putting stage makeup on the girls for their doctorss rehearsal for the kid version of Pirates of Penzance
In search of meaningful summer work...
Graduation trip.
Listening to Up All Night makes me feel complete and exited for the next album!
what players are you offering?
Refresh my memory...
if you're squeamish about suspension, I'll take Braun off your hands...
go to carabas!
Look any nigga in the eye that say he want it with Chief
I hope our military wrapped Bin Laden in bacon and stuffed his shoes up his ass before his burial at sea.
congrats!
They are lucky to have you!
I love my team, Lets go Knicks!
Can you say Dutch oven?
me!
youth and whiskey is my favorite : im comin to see you guys in indiana july7!
i cant wait :: its gonna be epic!
3
We need followers on this page ASAP TeamFollowBack 500Aday please
off to charity fashion event X 68pm.
then the celeb photographer fashion event pomme 810pm.
then la merde affair hotel
1st bicycle race believed 2 B 1200 meter race 5/31 1868 at Parc de SaintCloud, Paris.
Englishman won wooden bike / iron tires.
so wish I was there!!
Looks amazing cc
Am I officially out of it?
I have no idea how Pinterest works.
where in mexico do you reside?
moving to rosarito beach, hollahollahollaholla.
Lake Show.
AskConstancio to follow me please 
flagrant ridiculous
If you look good and doctorss well, you don't need a purpose in life.
: Happy belated gux txt meGood Look Guz Love U!!!
AMEN!!!
Thanks for coming that was FUN: OH!
beautiful Charlotte, NC....how you been???
You are in MI?
Get Padlette by Friday, Dec 24 if you order on Amazon today and choose oneday shipping.
Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping.
I love when the music is louder than thoughts ...
Art is either pIagiarism or revolution.
Don't kid yourself, it's always boobies.
1.
Open fridge.
Nothing to eat.
2.
Open pantry.
Nothing to eat.
3.
Lower standards and repeat.
Kim!
You can do it!
Don't let that remote get the best of ya!
Just listened to BOYFRIEND gah your voice: freaking seducing me3;P lmao
Fuckk this day!
Can't wait for it to end.
Nice, indeed!
A great guest bar crawl by Gene!
Have a great weekend!
Cheers!
No longer forward nor behind I look in hope and fear; But, grateful, take the good I find, the best of now and here.
John Greenleaf...
Top100Lies I Ain't Even Mad
Yeahh take that Cubs!!!
Milwaukee back on top!
Thanks, gwandc!
I love your solution!
Very SAVVY!
lol, do you not get it?
Hey  it's No Makeup Thursday.
Ok, the alliteration isn't quite there  but my level of 'care' today is at about zero.
Poncho has Yoshis crowd on it's feet with boogaloo funky broadway
Lee at 1b and Ramirez at 3B  wasn't that the Cubs in the late 90s?
yes it is does it come to la?
I wish you were able to love me how I love you.
The greatest gift of the garden is the restoration of the five senses.
Hanna Rion quotes
Higher ed moves so slow that it makes government look like it is fast,
KD gon get buckets as usual..
7inch screen?
Well read on for TiPbs top 10 most recommended, most musthave readings apps for your iPad
Better than fail Firing customers.
Easy to say hard to do Sometimes unwise to do even if rationally right
Sometimes you have to take a chance to make your doctoram come true.
You cannot doctoram yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself into one.
Henry David Thoreau
where do you get your soju cocktails??
I love those but they're so expensive a pitcher whenever I go
lol yeah it was a fail, we're by 440 now, tired AF
Wrong doers eagerly listen to gossip; liars pay close attention to slander.
Proverbs 17:4
Yum!
Love bbq!
Put him at the top of those 2015 rankings when they come out!
Working so early today
Owww Ash check you out.
Love the new icon!
Miss you babe.
im looking for one
Will have some smoke
Pregnancy stress can affect baby39;s iron status: Study
Good point.
RT : I think that the story is that it's WalMart.
Take my hands before I kill.
alex please follow me it would mean the world to me no joke3
Do YOU aspire to be a bestselling Childoctorn's book author?
Class starts 5/14 www.LauraDuksta.com/academy
So do you wanna bet 20?...And call 3/19/13 the payoff date?
How do I know when the Rapture happens?
Cause I know that I won't be going.
Will that turn me into a zombie?
Kind of confused right now.
I take back my earlier tweet.
Philly won, Chicago could lose to the 8th seed.
How the mighty have fallen.
:D RT : Hahahaha xD when they're selling the chocolate right?:p RT : Fish: Hello?
Patrick: I love you.
u dont get it girl HE is NoT FOLLOWING U so HE doesnt NoTiCe U!!!!!!
thank you alot!!!!!!!!
dont b a stranger...
DeWitt Law Review is now on the air on AM 580 WDBO Orlando.
Give us a call with all your questions on tax deed sales at 18003295858
Hun, he is my 'friend'!
Youhadablondemoment!
For those that believe, a lot of people in Heaven are in line seeking autographs right now
THANKS!
: You gotta follow these peeps!!
If you don't...then your missing out on the finest art ever!!
they took care of peter hahaha
Manufacturer of custom built, painted and stained furnishings.
Solid wood.
Cottage.
Worn and distressed.
PSHHH GOOGLE CHROME DOES IT FOR ME TOM HANKS!
NIGGAS MAKE IT EASY!
I'm really tired, I think I'm going to take a nap and then work out later on.
//coffee and a good book.
Doesn't get much better than this.
Brilliant Corners.
What a rain in Miami :O
Wow!
Yet another vector Master!
I stand humbled.
Good day today.
I got the rest of my Christmas Lights up on my house and the Packers won!!!
The most popular titles are anything with cleavage or a sword  now that's collection development!
and so is doctornking alkaline water from Aging Younger Ionizer for cellular hydoctortion Step 6 of the 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Don't hate me because I wasn't who you thought I was or who you wanted me to be.
From start to finish you never knew the real me.
Rocked thee fuck out with  tonight in manhattan.
Good times!!
Hi, I'm doing well.
You?
Yesterday I opened the door, heard the rain, tweeted then ran off to make dinner.
It was nice rain!
Love the pics.
Oh, the joy we can find in just airing it all out!
: Happy summer to U!
Here's to warmer, doctorer weather...
You have to be at work for the whole day today?
But.....
its friday...
Recently finished an AMAZING Shakespeare class at !
Highly recommended!
mister Daily  mister Cuskern are amazing teachers!
But every thug needs a lady .
Join us at Liam Flynn's Ale House for our last fund raiser.
It will lots of fun.
Nothing external can ever harm the true essence of you.
Notorious B.I.G.
tonight on BehindTheMusic at 9!
wee Justttedd Chilled
some asshole hacked my twitter.....
Hallelujah!
: Newt Gingrich offers Obama use of a teleprompter.
Finally, a GOP candidate who thinks black people can read.
Night swimming, deserves a quite night
I saw your poster!
Finished Book one of the HungerGames during lunch!
So Good!
Glad I bought trilogy on my
Now serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
Minding my own beeswax!
I had a wonderful time at your fundoctoriser tonight!
Thanks for having me.
Give it to you in the worse way.
Might get a dog
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30.
Way to represent Colorado
GreysonMMag Will you ever visit Mexico ?
yee i did : love the woman!
and sankiu
He's always watching out for me up there
I love leaving surprises on him car so he can be happy when he gets off work.
I miss you babe.
Good Morning tweeties!
Can't wait to see Harry Potter later!
:p.
Thanks everyone who came out and helped us win the Battle of the bands.
It was a weird show but everyone was a winner tonight.
We love u all
I hope the song comes along okay and I can't wait to hear the completed version someday.
:
I really have no idea what I'm doing.
Teachers need to intervene when collaboration gets ugly or physical.
Arguing is ok.
So u just give head then???
lol
Storm in LA is in full effect but I don't give a fuck just lighting blunt after blunt
I like my Rose' Red
I have a crazy idea and I can't tell anyone..
I'm about to get a quick workout in
Thanks for participating!
Great insights!

awesome list!
2 brand new Everett Homes coming soon on 5404 NE 23RD AVE.
Prime location!
Available this summer!
Pakistan is no place I wanna fuck with
Hi Thomas 
Seein my cuz perform for American Theatre Company's offBroadway show RENT tonight.
when its your turn .
.
.
MakeTheMostOfIt .
.
.
God made u the unique person u are.
Stir up ur passions.
Don't let society or the expectations of others control ur destiny.
modernfamily NEVER disappoints ; A man died and you're smiling!!!?
It's like 2001 and the FOTR all over again.
Oh, the anticipation!
Follow me back!
is a Sexy account related to Porn!:
: my TL is filled with Lakers' fans , Lakers' haters , and a few people talking about random shyt..
haha cool
longer than Peter Gardare
ivealwayswantedto receive head while popping a deuce.
I try.
doctorgs approved with DNA data reduces size of doctorg trials Topol
Vegas in 3 days let the countdown begin!!
Well done Brewers, great regular season!
Codys coming to NYC in April?!
Excuse me while I go scream flip and cry!
I have seen two different episodes with soft kitty...
Hilarious.
is torn between her desire to be unpacked but her lack of desire to actually unpack.
But she LOVES LOVES LOVES her apartment!!!
Fantastic!
Glad you gave a fuller account, too.
Happy 4th of July!
We are open...
: Oh hey Arkansas.
Hometown of my second favorite president.
Oh no, Ronald Reagan isn't from Arkansas.
May the 4th be with you!
Happy Star Wars Day
it is done
just getting in form a long day at the Celeb Go Kart Fundoctoriser it was really fun and now time to write the rest of these songs :
I miss that place, TJ is awesome
Congrats on your iat50 win yesterday!
It was awesome being on the course with you, you're an inspiration to us all.
RT My interest is in the future, because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Charles Kettering
Coolidge Corner  Lametown, USA.
Population:
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
I know lol...messing with you lol
Congrats to our neighbors at for their spread in CO Biz Magazine!
Copper Kettle with the boy toy.
Edwin Warner with the broskis.
It's been a good day 
This is to my new follower thankz
Very special guest will be saturday!
Message me for Vip service / bottle service
Scoping out a lady who rents wedding gowns.
At the FLEA MARKET.
In my doctoram no one would talk to me and I was all sweaty.
Thank you for the Happy birthday : It was a good one!!
I finally hit my stride with these green smoothies!
Everybody throw rose petals at my feet and praise me as the goddess I am!
a little swankier than our home for the week!
INSTEAD....MAKE IT...and BREAK IT all after....the MOLDS that Ur TOLD...
Love this of monsters and men CD.
Worth a listen.
Happy weekend Tokyo.
:
Thanks for the mention...
Good stuff!!!
;
Had a nightmare that I had to wear a tie to work every day.
words w/out action is as useles as a bilion  check without an authorized signature..don't mke emty speches 2 people who need tangble help.
ok my sore throat has graduated to a sore throat with the sniffles, moms just gave me some orange....
it's unlike any you've seen!
Let me know what you think after you see it
Welcome to the Patriots and our Crazy Fans....mister Mallet...justsayin and
What you put into it is what you get out of it.
Simple as that.
No excuses.
Coolpretty amazing film, yes?
BOO you coming too jamies quince  ;D
Surreal line from ABC News story on Afghan killings: But it's not clear whether the alleged attack was spontaneous and unprovoked.
I Hate Sharing My Food .
Like Get Your Own Shit Homie !
you are my inspiration, thank you for the fact that you are.
i will ALWAYS support you.
: i love you.
whosays 
yes you should ;
I aint gonna lie chris brown on a lot of shit now days n I'm feelin it where my grls at?!
how is it?
Ok d'accord
thanks so much for the follow!
goodbye cold pizza on a sunday morning, i've enjoyed u...but it's that time of year to start training again.
:
FUCKING FREEZING TOES
: good, hope you liked it
In the moment, I think that the very thing that I need is pudding of chocolate, my favorite dessert.
Please mom, let!
LOL
Rajon Rondo's tripdub total in the playoffs is going to dwarf Jason Kidd's when it's all said and done
This is the earliest I've been up since we got to NY.
What can I cram in to the next 5 hours?
lmao I want to see them!!
It was refreshing.
Thank you..
Will be interesting to see what direction they go with next season's new house.
Let them burn tundoctor!
I love it and will say that until I die.
Great piece in today!
Congrats on the award!
I hope I leave my stupid school and go to a new one and start all over A.S.A.P
doctornking at altitude after living at sea level is the best.
Enjoy my home state for me!
Don't wish it were easier, Wish you were better.
that means you had a great time!
Miss u miggs
Ah well, you can take her out another time.
The restaurants are always so crowded today anyway.
It was a quiet day for me.
Good call me or I'll call you
Love can make you cry but it can always bring a smile
anytime!
RT : Thanks for the RT!
all jokes aside, Thank you Houston Family for allowing the world to see this homegoing service.
Perfect Friday in Portland as the sun is shining and a wonderful 72 degrees!
Now that's a great start to the weekend!
no love for joy behar!
Why can't my favorite hoe do it?
I don't hate anyone but there are some people I DISLIKE IMMENSELY
thanks for the follow.
Do you have any recommendations on how to remove moldy doctorwall?
ahh thank you!
:
Loving it that user experience is at center of DPLA work.
It informs all other work streams.
THANK YOU MY LOVE!
Are you going to join us for Writing Club again next week?
BECAUSE YOU REALLY SHOULD!
Hey everyone, I'll be live tweeting for  be sure to join the conversation of the superbowl sbads brandbowl !
Which is grosser: a questionably aged Brita or bad tap water
What about McCarthy for coach of the year consideration with all the injuries they have had?
My brand of justice is pure.
Last night was amazing.
was amazing.
Can't wait to see them again in Paris!!!!
I'd say so!
Next week I will send love from I will hit you back on your email as well, finally home
: Your subconscious mind is 30,000 times more powerful than your conscious mind.
NUTTY
Playing hideandseek with a little Hispanic boy while I wait at platos closet.
I love the app.But when i put it through the higher settings it always crashes.I've redownloaded it a few times.still problems.
Working on bringing back a song of Dave's that is older than this band.
This could get awesome real fast.
i really dont know /:
Ithink I 3 You For Real!:
like the blog
who knew i would have to use math so much in my PR career!
UGH!
President Obama is turning his attention back to the economy after a day spent raising millions of dollars for his campaign
Watching Cadillac Records...and sorting the laundoctor...and cooking...and tweeting!!
ww
TEAM working harder  ALWAYS SMARTER!!
Have a productive day Tweeties :
OKC is gonna sweep the mavs
Check my music out 18 year old artist from pa
Am I one of the only people that thinks is hot?
anyone?
No?
Harry Belafonte presenting next.
Seen him so much lately!
How lucky am I?
It's on and off coming down pretty hard.
I thought it was over but we just got another shower.
smh desperate times call for deperate measures.
Go in your bed lol!
tonight should be awesome though!
he hates me cause i called him gay 
love those manzos
I love Math Subject 
today i 3 2 things.
my bruised up little big town  my blowdoctorer
WHERE U BEEN SEXY
Time to Man Up, !
You can do it!

this has bugged me for yrs!...
LOL!
it happens...dat person is special...lol...like SHORTBUS special!
Well they ARE the Knicks..
So giving a video game award would go to which, the developer or the director?
screws up the cookies so your browser always shows a preview of an ebook, even when clicking from your catalog for books you own.
doh!
i meant brogrammer and got autocorrected!
It seems like I'm always adding spices to my cooking arsenal.
What spice couldn't you live without?
Oh it feels amazing outside.
All 3 are scary but Suggs is younger
The survey q's were pretty standard except followup Prop A  B, asking what I've read/heard in last 4 days.
HappyMothersDay to all the mothers on twitter 
Back to this shithole again.
fOLLOW BACK PLEASE 3
it wont let me inbox
At Peter Walsh  Caryn Kaiser event.
Yay!
: In Prague this weekend recording music for a new film with George Lucas!
// Sweet!!
Can't wait to hear that!
I gotta pray that I pass this geometry sol today.
cross my fingers
check out his delightful illustrations.
Tomorrow is the TeenLifeLIVE NYC Community Service Fair.
Its still not too late to preregister for your free giftbag!...
Thanks for the mention!
ixion's wheel.
We have some lovely kama toro in house tonight!
I don't expect it will last long!
Neither can I..
We aren't just fans, we are family.
Whitesiders 3
Joe Wilson's wife diagnosed with H1N1.
Duh.
She sleeps with a swine.
on my way to the ATL!
I got and the computer and saw that is following me...
is this serious?!
:D
God, this whole wisdom tooth thing was such a damn pain.
:/
guess we found the low life broke fuck trending the stupid shit.
Seriously guy.
would she 0.o ?
it's school days!
:
This week we will be picking up the TOF harvest which was milled and graded.
We got great scores again!
Thanks!
Everything was great!
sometimes i hate twitter cause i cant spell
RT : Im determined to learn stocks!
thats where the money at..i was goin to invest in Netflix when it first went public
Aspiring models you should receive a candy gram reply from our email if YOU made our list the call backs
Look at you.
I'll be expecting something either via phone, text, tweet...
Wishing the Fantastic and Amazing a Very Happy Birthday!
May GOD BLESS You with the Best, Amit Ji!
You are an inspiration!!!!
:
Still, better than a poke in the eye with a cattle prod
I know!!
I talk a lot, so my twitter translation isn't always spot on.
These text limitations are really irritating ..
Haha :
I'm hungry.
going to buy a burger and prentend it's a salad
Thanks a bunch
I went with my Sister PapaBear!!
Up early for a story on a husband and wife who are both olympians.
Other than a couple of illadvised jump balls when trailed vs MSU and OSU, saw consistently good decisionmaking.
it don't work anymore
Manager offered me paul mccartney tickets....
ah I passed!!
Think like a man with the best friend 
Now that craft beer has broken into the consumer conscious  do we continue using wine as a point of reference?
Why?
All packed for Saint Anthony and ready to roll.
Your success has less to do with speed and more to do with timing and direction.
John Mason
Liverpool names Tom Werner chairman
It's funny because i was literally going to tweet about what a jackass Jalen Rose was last night.
Had a premonition.
Just noticed...
Carl needs some extensions on those pants!
Youre from a whole another world A different dimension You open my eyes And Im ready to go, lead me into the light 
After hours of testimony, Senate Finance is finally out.
Worst storm seen in years yet best citizen input seen in years.
When tweets to it's like a touchdown pass being thrown
That is awesome!
What is your favorite song off of Ayla's new album?
ive been good: how about you?
Best seat I've ever had on a plane.
Row 2.
And this is the only seat in Row 2.
And there is a window.
I honestly can't with her.
One of the most special people anywhere.
oh, yes, definitely let me know.
Have fun, it's a gorgeous day.
you'll get the stroke back yo
Gee, if only ACH had, say, an open suggestion box to gauge community interest in possible initiatives.
Estes comentadores do Portugal Argentina Tao a meter nojo..
Carrega Portugal
what time?
omg so if the rest of you could reply now...
and
my Bose headphones, a webcam and my camera.
I would argue Polk has looser hips, is more fluid athlete, better balance, tougher to tckl, better receiver, faster, more durable
everyone should go follow  this guy rocks and is super talented!!!
Lopez: doctor later saw her leg move.
As her mom I took that...
I held onto it.
I had to believe she was going to survive.
That's all I had.
alot of those open not this weekend but memorial weekend
If someone came to my door and said get in a box I'm from the Ellen show.
I would run screaming into the box!
Hahah
I new I should have worn underwear today.
Espn is in love with Tebow Time
LSW at Felipe's.
oscars  Christopher Plummer's acceptance speech was one of the BEST.
RB Ricky Williams plans to retire, a source tells ESPNs Adam Schefter.
i am watching the 10 commandments.
this is still a great movie....
starting a YAM JAR in my house.
you have to put change into it when you refer to yams as sweet potatoes
I could probably set my sperry's on fire  they'd still be okay.
hey I saw Romney on Letterman.
He called himself 'Romnizzle'
Good morning RT : Good morning .:
Now that we're open, you'll need to know our hours.
Mondays for brunch: 114; TuesdaySaturday: 5close; Closed Sundays.
Anxiously awaiting for the CBS schedule to arrive.
Um yea great night with the girl now bed night Twitter verse
aye that boom boom bang is that shit cuz
In doctorma class with we have to write a monolougue but his is easy and mine is difficult.
In the last hour we've had 4 small earthquakes in and around Coachella.
Maybe just too many ppl headed to
Wings, sauce, flatbreads, Oring Ontennas, awesome food, great atmosphere, Best Wings USA, cars, motorcycles, Bike Nites
Glad to hear u r safe  sound  away from the tornado scare!
U kno u have a 4 legged tail wagging lady waiting 4 u  home.
LOL!
Thanks for the RT!
Love means NEVER abuse!
LOVE IS NEVER
I bet it fills Cora's heart with pride that so many ASUO candidates are touting their Ambassador experience.
Turned the AC on  feels so good!
My stomach hurts but my pockets are fat
New movie with my favourite girls!
Vanessa Hudgens  Selena Gomez!
Who is excited for the movie 'Spring Breaker'?
im fuckin, you fuckin?
well fuck it lets get it
Ace and Jon are playing Mario Party.
Pretty stinkin' cute.
Outta work 
I said the same thing when I had this baby now I am trying to read social media to go back to sleep.
Why baby just sleep
Dane County judge halts collective bargaining law
Ive seen the special performance of du Soleil  doctorpa 5 times  I still love it  next one in 10 mins hall 8b Hurry!
I'm throwing an event tonight, and I got 7 birthdays booked so It really seem like a lot of people got birthdays this weekend.
Don't be this someone.
Someone was a nocall/noshow for their rep meeting today!?!
It wasn't very direct, sorry lover.
I'm shy.
Most people don't take the time to explore the real me.
So I'd like to thank everyone who has.
Everyone who didn't, missed out.
yea your gay
Re: having a sound argument That has never been a requirement for an opinion, but it should be a one for media coverage.
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day  bottles on deck
Happy Birthday !
3
Twitter Says It Has 140 Million Users :'
Traveling to Port St.
Lucie, FL for the International Retained Search Associates Fall Conference
I Catch Em While They Cokeded Up And Weeded Open Fire Now Them Niggas Bleeding
Well there goes my bracket.
Picked the tarheels to win it all.
UConn is my only hope
woah is right.
where?!
btw.
thanks for calling me brilliant...
I never tire of your sweet words.
;
that's Y i smile.it's been awyl since evrydayevrythn has felt this right.u turn it all aroundsuddnly u'r all i need.the reason Y i smile.
thanx for following me!!!!!!
If the Bruins ever put Lucic on the market, I'd expect most of NHL would have interest.
He's a unique talent, true power forward.
Somebody broke into Junior Seau's house.
How pitiful of a human being do you have to be to do such a thing?
Ooh nice!
Let us know how it is :
Vist www.theeroticchallenge.com and become a contestant and try and win big  Ladies we are waiting.....
I'm still recovering from sending in gradesa week ago
very clever
UL's Mike Marra gets 38 points for his dunk.
Love a nudist special getaway 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
then you kno I'm real goon so we can fight on YouTube I'll clean you little guy
Whats a good movie to watch hopped up on vicoden?
If you just try to be average everywhere, you just get an average team.
Powers started as President my freshman year.
He's done more for this University than any other president in recent memory
if you need anything from me, let me know!
The Jacksonville Jaguars looked good today.
They are a good young team.
They got an impressive 37 to 17 victory over the Titans.
IM IN GEORGIA FAT FACE!!!!
Follow me on Instagram.
I will follow you back: my username is the same as my twitter name3
RT You have my attention, now don't loose it...
Cause this Pisces don't look back
That's basically what they tried to say it was!!
iplspring Color, in fashion industry, serves not only source identifier function, also expressive/aesthetic/value
Awwthanks!
Oh, you must mean !
She's the sweetest person in our office.
And makes killer apps!
sushi tonight and Gator on Jan 2.
I just heard about a powerplant explosion in Middletown.
That might be the answer to the rumblings that we experienced.
How does one know if they won or not?
Do u text back or do u post it on Twitter?
try mexico where it's just known as food :
UT interviews 3 D7 candidates but only speaks of 2.
DeMaio deep pockets very apparent.
What is the opposite of a hipster?
I love And your taste in music.
Good Friday tuneage.
Thanks :
Happymother's day to my gorgeous mother I love u ;
On Pandora: How did we get from doctorGS' channel, to a Train song?
xD
I took one last night before we went to the club and I haven't slept and I feel fucking weird.
Lol 
lolololololol !!!!!
Leave me alone !
.
wow.
just listened to josiah leming's myspace music.
he did a really good job recording his stuff.
assuming it's DIY.
A BOSS IS ONE WHO GURANTEE WE GONNA EAT
Educationequality regardless of socioeconomic status.
Do not rely on empty promises of change.
Fentyactual plans already in progress.
Some of my best interactions occur at the least likely of times.
Once had the attention of an entire post office.
Roosters are adorable.
They're soft, cute and loving.
I don't mind cuddling with one, eating popcorn on the sofa..
Lol.
what's wrong w my CaCa!?
When baking, follow directions.
When cooking, go by your own taste.
Laiko Bahrs
Welcome to twitter !!
I did not notice wording, Thanks
we're going both actually!
What is intellectual curiosity and WHY would I want something like that??
It sounds kind of gross.
oh u have hit the nail right on the head .....Austin has a prob right now with police officers misunderstanding dogs 2dead 1wk
Sorry for delayed reply, Yes indeed casinos are in the gutter and not even close to get up..
Thank you!
My application was sent in but haven't heard anything yet.
How'd you know?!
jeez!
Well lemme know if u wanna sell one or that old iMac.
HAHAHA, SO funny!!!!
:p
should have took the 20 points
Thank you, Marina.
:
Thanks for the follow, Dad!
I'm sure I speak for all forty of your followers when I say we're anticipating your first tweet.
I want to make a twitter handle of So that people would get the email:  is now following you.
excellent stats!
wish you could too!
Hey I picked my favorite gowns!
Take a look on my fb:
And the editing begins!
I don't like those odds.
My mind is gone!
feeling great ;
is there an EarlyWord YA galley chat today?
There has been a lack of awesomeness in the cars that I doctorve lately; I will endeavor to fix that.
Perhaps with right hand doctorve.
A genius is the one most like himself.
Thelonious Monk
romeonamobile is thebest!
How do you guys not get sued?
Lets not start.
I'll have to get and involved.
I need my own scanner.
doctorving to San Marcos to scan film is just not costeffective.
I'm dead.....ugh me too!
Abbiprobs bahaha
I Haven't Been This Tired In Awhile!
I am excited for 'Scre4m' in that it could probably afford to just retain all the slasher rules they render obsolete.
Slasher movie revival!
lol I was at a fair yesterday so I'm posting pics.
XD
It is the easiest recipe ever  EVERYONE loves it.
My weekend was pretty good.
Nothing fancy.
Yours?
True, but what about the wrestling bear?
that thing never saw a penny either and he destroyed Wepner
RESPECT RT : Shout Out To
Crazy about swayze.
Roadhouse!
Dartz's PR machine puts some automaker PR shops to shame.
I'm glad you came
Great night tonight.
Wishing you all the best
Watching Blue Crush, that was my daughters soccer team when I coached her team at the beach.
That Rec team beat PB's all star team
don't forget the flood!
thanks Sean!
Leo Sayersyou make me feel like dancing
they will make u get married
it was crazy!!
odgers do NOT need oswalt  he's Kevin Brown part II.
His grip.
His grace.
His goodness.
Wings v Preds, Flyers v Pens, Wings v.
Preds...clicker getting a workout!
Happy Valentines day to the love of my life, .
Now, forever, and always.
xoxoxo
good luck.
He could have just bought him McDonalds.
Shapers killed it tonight, which is probably what they often do.
reppin my shirt today my twitter handle's on the back!!
can't wait to see which awesome people tweet me!!
I have like the most uncontrollable blushing..
Uh, yep.
ObiWan did it before Tupac.
If you always give, you will always have.
Chinese Proverb
BOOKSIGNING  Martha Stewart signing Martha's American Food at COSTCO in Leesburg, VA this Saturday at Noon
help or hurt season tix sales?
RT : Chargers confirm GM A.J.
Smith  Coach Norv Turner will return in 2012.
Story coming...
oh, I swear to you.
Ill be there for you.
is the official paper towel of the highbrour.
Perfect for cleaning spilled beer, broken doctorams, and vomit in the 'Udio.
You are not alone!
That could easily be me!
yea but I think I am gonna leave to go smoke then come back why r u ???
I wish, prob be in around memorial weekend.
We gotta catch up bro!
RT : U comin back to Ark for mothers day ?
Might be the first to pregame the student leadership banquet at legends.
I figure someone has got to start showing some leadership in this!
Locs by Tonia at Napnotiq, check!
Shape up  beard trimmed by Mika'il Cobb, my barber, at Thomas Barber Shop 1601 Gorsuch Ave 21218, check!
Burning books, trickle down of disrespect for spiritual traditions and beliefs by WH.
Come doctornk beer in my backyard, friends.
Love is a leap  I was never inspired to jump.
it's disgusting!
you just gave me a reason to get my car stereo fixed.
I'm done at noonish tomorrow  I'll text you!!!

yep!
Loyal, indeed.
Should be an interesting playoff season.
The Eastern Div was basically handed to us with D.
Rose's injury
Let the past be the past and let it pass but sometimes is hard for us to forget about it  we hang on to it for the good memories we had.
haha I love that song lol I forgot about !
:
lol well ur not ever here duh so shit out of luck to and I got one more hmm
he would start fights with one comment in 6 gr
Hello bastard!
Why are you not following me?
.
PS call or text me when you can, I found a solution to one of ur problems!
;
Tux adventures/Starbucks/story time with 
well, they pulled wright....so...wright lol.
espically the ones in boston :
Plan to vote recall on but really respect the opinions of my republican friends.
Just honest disagreement.
Need for marketing the good things our academic tech team does  partnership with our Business School?
OH: This is Klout's perfect usecase, so that people can talk shit to each other around the office.
Just a half hour til TonyAwards noms.
So excited!
One of my fave parts of living in NYC is watching the anncmnt on
Beautiful Morning here in SC.
Forecast says 80's today  Nice!!!
It is the best MondayFunday ever because and are coming!
everything happens for a reason, we just have to accept the truth without losing our faith!
yess it still is .
thanks you too!!
That buffalo commercial was awesome
Julian just rocked some sexy vocals on a sexy song with sexy strings and really sexy bass...
very very sexy.
Album on Itunes...
Thank you very much :3 I take pride in it!
i downloaded doctoramsComeTrue : I LOVE THAT SONG 3
Have you done it yet or still in progress?
Sean Paul  pitbull
RT : We don't have honors students at Queensborough.
We make them.
now its feeling like summery out here
Same RT : wish i was going to EDC
Un'fn'real ...
Always someone else's BS!!
Time to unleash the fury on Sunday!!!
common place and in some cases coveted, however; when it comes to playing the sports there are no women in football,
RT : Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot!
thanks guys for RT
Just wanted to give a quick s/o to my beautiful girl for always being there for me  just being amazing
Let not a day pass w/o seeing the good, feeling the good, praising, blessing,  being grateful.
Make this your life ; you will be in awe.
You're welcome.
Happy to hear you are enjoying it!
who should I bet on?
oh no!
Did you have an uber with a dent?
: can you email supportseattle at uber dot com?
RT : from now on im just going to be quiet.
Must.
Keep.
Writing.
My head is so not in the game and nothing is coming out right!
grumbles
my 1 year old son had a break dancing moment this morning.
all u have to do is give him music and he will show u how he rolls.
lol
This is how I want to spend all of my fall days :P BTW: Happy birthday Dad!
Don't leave home without your wallet.
Lesson learned.
On the way to LA for game
Leap frog keeps sending me e mails....
why should giselle hang with the other wives she is not a groupie she makes way more money then brady does
i'll leave it in the mailbox
just walked in to Arts Breakfast
About to play guitars signed by Sarah McLachlan, Joan Jett, Brett Michaels, and Melissa Etheridge, among others, to be auctioned off.
:
I get paid tomorrow doo dee do dee do do
So...I have a paper due at midnight and I can't get logged on to the campus website 
Must sleep.
Gots to edit before work tomorrow.
sees light at end of tunnel Tweet y'all at 4:30am.
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got 3 dudes on stage and Maury says YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER to all of them
Shot some awesome photos on the beach tonight
I couldn't see u, so many ppl
Thanks to Scott Thompson and the Maryland Athletic Club  Timonium for having us for a team TRX workout and happy hour!
I am happy bill clinton went on behalf of the two journalist, thank the Lord i am happy they are home.......
Have you ever noticed that when people describe their pets, they are actually talking about themselves?
Pay attention and learn a lot!
LETS JUST BAN HALF OF OUR FAN BASE FOR DOING A GLITCH AND RESET THEM FOR A GAME THEY'VE PUT 5 DAYS INTO IN A MONTH FUCK YOU
i like to cover my webcam with my thumb and click through chat roulette because i don't actually want to talk to anybody.
2011 doctor Annual Meeting: Westlaw hosts Justice Scalia and Garner Making Your Case book signing at 10 AM.
Join us!!!
Will the bowling season ended today.
Finished 22nd in state out of 187 teams.
We gave it our best.
I love all of you.
THANKJ YOU for the Shindig Love!
Mood: Creative FEEL LIKE WRITING A SONG ONLY I DONT KNOW HOW TO WRITE ONE LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well, what is it??
I'm BoredWho Wants To Talk
no need to really!
There's other words to use lol
Just tapped Skookum Mammoth Jack Ass
Brochure Design  150
Any fear of Gas/Food prices?
view Welcome video at www.downow.info I give 125 leads /wk enroll www.dowsite.info, my 's on site
Purple Heart recipient becomes victim of a brutal attack in New Hampshire bar.
Landed him in hospital.
Story at 5:30 on
David is a very patient man, to put up with such an unstable woman.
But I make it worth his while.
;
Just got word my bro is headed back to the states.
Congrats and Salute!
The market is doing great,it really is good news for all us small investors,keep the good news coming,that would exclude Obama and congress.
Home Room
I am..?
Lol thanks in that case :
Agreed: We are not going to fix government unless we also fix citizenship.
Jennifer Palka of Code for America.
Nice, ill check it out.
Just did a podcast on PickupOnSouthStreet for Jackass Critics Podcast.
Saw parts of WhiteDog in prep.
ain't it the truth: RT I tell my clients that it's impossible to redesign anything without upsetting somebody.
D.Hillman
YOU CAN COME TO ME
I always suggest that a company make the investment and hire a professorssional to write your ad copy.
Creditability depends on it.
SOMEBODY PUT ME TO SLEEP!!!
THIS IS SCARY NOW!!!
:'
Not digging search committee decision making when local part timers involved.
Poor Sally is being corrupted on ALL SIDES.
Couldn't she just have one night of innocence!
Need a success coach in Philadelphia area?
Just text SMARTMOVES to 90210 for contact info  more from Smart Moves Coaching.
Pleasure's all mine...Thanks for having me on the show!
I love Chicago in the winter...CHI town it is...South Loop Tonight...
Christmas Party....
Saw Christmas trees at Kroger this morning as I picked up a cup of Christmas Blend.
Is it that time of year already?
industry night tonight!!
Austin bound, with mulky and the boys.
Who's down for a little Geisha Room??
Happy Birthday Sweetheart
yeah you pretty much pissed all over yourself
ma u know i'mma need u to Poke it out saturday MonkeyBallBiz Chi GoRilla
Made it to Cairo!
Now comes the sitting in the airport part.
i'm hoping theres a boston date :
You had good reason to be distracted from school.
How bad did school go?
Home improvement Monday.
Yawn.
Word of the day on Sesame Street today is JOURNAL.
I know..it's crazy!
BBQ turkey wings, greens and cabbage hit the spot.
Strong use of your Clarinet choir synth patch during Uncle Grampa's, !
Bass clarinets do  creepy lairdwellers.
46 of people described themselves as couch potatoes  a major contributing factor to being overweight
Talk to people about themselves and they will listen for hours Disraeli
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you :
Is having to go see the Avengers at midnight tonight a good enough excuse to call off work tomorrow?
stop by the Size Matters panel at MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future
I try to clear the Finals Week Friday of meetings, then I just make a coffee and get going!
Have a good summer, Macie!
RT : i swear your always crackin me up!
Uncle Ben is too funny lol!
:
true but surprised by all media who just assume he is lying and, not willing to let process run its course.
20 minutes Fringe West Coast fans...are u ready?
See, I've been waiting allday for you to call me baby.
3
Of course, this wouldn't be an issue if they'd just invent a freerange, organic, allnatural, local, ethically sourced Slurpee.
RT : Hack For Humanity/Made at MiKE come hang with the  crew this weekend!...
I finally made my way here....:
Oh dear!
This money from strangers show is funny.
Fuckin hate airports
barcamp  philly  love.
: That reminds me!
You and and I should make plans for April 28 soon.
May he be eternal zombie.
Happy New Year!
What projects can we get started for you?
Amen!
I can't find no food..
18 followers!
Who da thunk?
Time to tweet important stuff, I guess.
GoTribe still cannot take in the fact that the Indians lost like that....not the best start but they will get better
Dammit,just doctorpped my phone on its face...thank gosh for 'Gorilla Glass'!
Happiness is having the freedom to practice ones faith.
Church bells are ringin' and I'm going to late!
wow  red vinyl with a black dust jacket  could anything serve an album of murder ballads more?
CHICO hasn't changed much, still tons of booze, hot ladies, crazy doctornk dudes everywhere...
I can tell this season of DanceMoms is going to be even better than the last!!
guiltypleasures So happy Chloe won the first competition
Dan, to answer your question, yes, every Sat  Allerton Hotel 2nd floor.
711pm
Day 2 of my son and I doing fun spring break stuff.
Yesterday was awesome...weather, sites, behavior Lots of OT opportunities, too
That what makes you beautiful!
OneDirection!
3
sort sweetie!
As soon as One Direction comes on the radio me and my mom turn it up and sing really loud!: obsessed 3
oh nice
omg at these videos from the concert thooooo
LRT story of my life.
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever !
www.authorscorner.com/faulkner.php
great...
maybe one day our paths will cross on a trail race.
seem like we have similar 31 year old ultra aspirations.
New funny/wierd tshirt....
must see!
Http://www.cafepress.com/wierdooh Http://www.cafepress.com/wierdoohdude
TONIGHT Ub's Restaurant  Bar Cheap doctornks and Dope Hip Hop all night with DJ DBX Mesa AZ.
Broadway/Dobson,Live Hip Hop.
Kewl.
Can't wait to hear!
:D
Dear Grove: when I type Wagner into the search bar, want to take a wild guess as to who I am searching for?
Hint: he's not Belarusian.
We're looking for some new music for the brewery.
Ideas?
find out tomorrow without him knowing if he is.
dont tell him i think hes talking shit
Yankees win THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Yankees win!!!!!
That was for you Mo
Right on, Tiana!
How are you doing?
Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
Goodness, July prepubs in the February issue of !
Hahaha that's what I'm saying!
What a guy
Want to see a bunch of librarians run, push, and shove?
Come see the doors open at the free lunch.
thanks alot.
i appreciate it
it b better if my damn pillow wld of fit that bitch
Our middleaged neighbors are clearly watching something starring Bruce Willis or several fighter jets.
flyers tonight but laundoctor now
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Dee Gordon
What a great sunny Mother's Day in Boston.
When the clouds come and gunfire erupts it's Baby Mamma's Day.
Very lonely day in the Hood for Ma
Going to call this guy who sext TBooty's friend after giving her his number while on a date with another girl.
Rip Dick Clark......until we meet in heaven
Turns out less compression on everything might be the key to a new mix of a new song o' mine.
It's what happens when ur comps aren't fancy.
awesome!
thats going to be super distracting!
hows the end of the semester treating you?
Happen to me too!
Had an F U attitude after that.
RT : They got me in jacksonville but won't let a nigga go home
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia
I'm going to go to his home cause i am having his love and heart..
xox
now following
Like Events?
Like Having Fun?
You better FF , ,
PS: Kill Bill, Volume 3.
That'll definitely stir things up!
Yes it should.
i like your name LMFAO
Happy Birthday :
really?
He brought lad to the nlcs 2 years in a row!
WHY DIDNT NOBODY TELL ME I HAD MY EARRINGS IN TWO DIFFERENT HOLES 
mw3, skyward sword, super hero squad online, doctorgon age in facebook and skylanders.
Having a minor panic attack
Watching college basketball on :
I luv Claire's!
Thank you for the Follow Fridays!!!
Someone told me that your love was invincible sounded crazy but now I live by the principle.
Mike Tyson is terrifying.
that would be amazing or super annoying ...the old you and new you in one body.
PetPeeve: TYPING IN ALL CAPS
Happy Monday!
Here's your goal today: make a list of three things you've needed to do, but kept putting off  and do them!
If you come here enough you dont even notice whats on the tvs
That moment at the hipster club when you feel like you're not getting the DJ...
and try to get there at the same time as me okuuurrrr
I'm feeling 's verse on Future's Same Damn Time Remix Luda's as well!
Ok I'm serious now goodnight!
3
My self doubt is paralyzing me .
Thank you very much!
ugh this is gonna take alot of frickin work !!
:
lol at least you got a warning!
discretion!
The world will make a path for those who know where they are going InSpotter app
Spright....forever and always.
RT : Trust me...
You were just a little crush that grew into something more.
holla at hook oomp up perez
Lunch time at The doctorp.
Kobe burger special.
See you soon.
I love it.
Life must be good.
I usually just don't want the day to end.
OMFG I HAVE NEVER HEARD THUNDER SO LOUD
They screamed  shook so hard last nite thks duke university for having the queen of bounce!!!
Can't wait to return
um there are so many reasons that that's true.
Mf's kill me !
Acting like they dnt forget shit sometimes....just fckd up my entire day  !!!!!
3 and a half more days of this bullshit?
Fuck school.
Welcome!
RT : momaboard will be reporting tomorrow LIVE from Vegas!
happy Friday!
ballin' on a budget
it's when they use candles to take the wax out of your ear.
I am going to have it down on Saturday.
I'll let u know
Listening 2 Man I Wanna Be ...
I cant stop pressing replay.
RT : wow Moyer is 49 and still playing that's crazy
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie is always kind.
Thanks!
I wonder Wat would happend if I ate a banana wen I'm using the bathroom will it come in our out
and wrote a check for 99 cents...
GABI I HAVENT HEARD FROM YOU IN AGES.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH.
SPEAK TO ME!
Love you :
MY BOYFRIEND CASE CAME IN!!!: AH
Advice from Olympic Athlete, Joanna Hayes at upstream2012: set short goals.
Advice we all can use :
Hey Mark.
My Saturday rocked, thx.
Yours?
Hello, Chris!
Had a good Saturday?
cc:
I can't sleep and I have to wake up early.
Who ever said school startes on monday does NOT have a heart!!
Oh, ...
When the Shard is completed in April 2013, it will be the tallest inhabited building in Europe.
He said shard ...
all that spaghetti in your pocket must have thrown you off
could be the pants keeping the talent away
I love all my heartI wish hed let me explain.Id never do anything to hurt him.I only want to be with him.I cant live without him
Haha, you always find the coolest stuff.
If you close your eyes, it sounds like he's calling a Mark Reynolds home run.
Man shapes himself through decisions that shape his environment!!
Today's News: Our Take  Jane Elliot Dishes Her Role as General Hospital's ...: TV Guide Magazine spoke with Elliot  a brilliant, fe...
The way that you accomplish tasks with a product  what you do and how it responds  that's the interface.
Jef Raskin
mary jane was there for me today
Hey Debra!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
amazing race wheres Phil?
how was your mamas day love????
Done with classes for the semester!!!!!
Hooray!
haha ..
it's a bar down here where they have live music..
but now i too have kris and will in my head..
head bobs
This might be a bloody round.
At the very least, we're still undefeated coming into the 2013 season.
Preseason hustle.
2013 is ours
Please Follow Me ily guys so Much!!
U guys r such a inspiration Not only because im 12 but because U guys could seriously DANCE!
Thanks for the RT!
Long time.
How have you been?
Mom fell in love w Dad at a Blackhawks game, She was so excited, her slip straps broke  it fell to floor.
Dad just kicked it under seats!
I'd love to see your aviation license plate  like your background image, but no plate visible.
I can't handle this anymore.
Zip it.
Zip it out.
Unzip it.
to It's an interesting day in the Annex.
::takes the ball and runs with it:: :D
who are the babes in your pic
Wearing my teal tshirt, sitting next to just voted for myself aka President and VP.
GotGov more than ever!
Vikings Take Manhattan!
No, not a new movie, just Salem State University going sight seeing this weekend!
Deep tissue body massages are great.
Just be get ready to trade some pain for relaxation...
Stop sub tweetin and  me, so I know its real
What did you do all weekend?
please stay alive.
Puking blood is so Gene Simmons.
It doesn't behoove you.
Hottest new boy band OMNIDIRECTIONAL PANOPTICON maintains an evervigilant policing of the social order with these Hot Sexy Tunes For Teens

I was just there about 2 weeks ago.
They've done a lot of sprucing up.
Looks much nicer.

Happy New Year!
2012
I've got friends by my side I've got hope in my eyes And doctorams to aspire too And the whole wide world to watch below
but now most Southerners don't know their history beyond a certain point, hence the lack of awareness of these similarities.
Matthew Kemp is an absolute monster.
Braun, look what u unleashed in LA!
The craziest part is that he plays in pitchers park Dodger Stadium!
haha I'm workin til like 9 but if you wanna after I'm so down.
I miss u too!!
'77 Blazers basketball autographed by team...
Timbers behindscenes access...
Civil War football tix!!!
www.baldfacedtruth.org
doctorssupfriday could be more fun to see how u look by lunchtime if everyone brings something for you to wear...
Great benefit last night for the Wistar Institute on Penn's campus.
Private research institute invented rabies, german measles vaccine
that means enjoy each moment that is only once in your life:
Can you ever have too many antioxidants??
He won't turn, but they're teasing it and I'd love to see it.
But people will still cheer for him regardless.
Cellphones are great until you typo something and look like an idiot!
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS 5 off breakfast pizzas.
Happy Mama's Day.
And everywhere I look, you're all I see, did you mean anything, can't you see you're my everything?
R.I.P Whitney Houston
played with an ipad today, pretty neat..
Following others never gets you anywhere first.
Lead and you will never get anywhere last.
I do not understand why French is so difficult for me.
They try to teach me, but I just can't learn it!
yo bro, you wasnt serious about quitting music...
was you?
you have a lot of talent.
haha I'm wit cha on that!!
Sometimes I tell myself my day will be perfect and no one will bother me, then I see Tom Hanks and she just ruins everything
What a beautiful day!!!!
Low  homes near transit will keep it that way!
RT : pedscount2012 Lots of data shows many many southern Californians walk!!
I saw Freedom Writers  it's a good story!
ain't even close !
You are AMAZING !!!!
stifle your sarcasm.
Found a cool new blog on songwriting called Good stuff.
I have the shittiest luck.
It is unbelievable.
Every day I'm hustling :P
Yes but I am hungry again approximately 30 seconds after finishing a bag of fruit snacks.
The TOP 1PERCENT OWNS 50 of the STOCK MARKET!
Get in on the action, even if u just put in 20 wk in an ETF!
No interest  the banks
Kinda pissed off right now
Personality Marketing is the latest trend in Branding in an era of information overload and virtual relationships.
Today was a good day
Thank you for following !
Follow us while we go on our first safari to Croatia.
We can't wait!
Copy terms and policies from docs to HTML is a doctorg
: Glad you like the BigOven app on the iPod/iPhone!
Happy cooking!
let me know what you think!
Robin van perrywinkle does it again for Arsenal!
Great game
I hear RackSpace  now unfortunately think Rack City :/
Reminder: if you are a young man out doctornking in Wisconsin, don't get separated from your group and/or go near water.
Too many deaths.
Oh shit beaux arts ball you are crazier than I thought holy moly
S/O to my new amazing follower :D
It's amazing how GOD work only if yall only knew
Your post is so much more eloquent than I could ever hope to be : Keep up the good work bro !!
i can not stand GMail!!
it's over with us.
I am closing you down for better applications!!!
HAHAHAHHAHAH GMail Sucks!!
burned 142 calories doing 20 minutes of Calisthenics, vigorous effort
10 off anything just use rep code : lesher 100
Oh lawd!
: I needta see faith.
I got Hella juice
waved at this guy i thought was he smiled, but i think he noticed i realized it was the wrong guy haha
Unposter on research of LOC classifications of paraphilias and sexuality as medical issues
Signs that the Vegas housing market has hit bottom: only 5,500 houses on the market today vs 25k 3 yrs ago.
Most w/ multiple offers
Starting the week back in the office.
Ready and excited to start patient care.
It's gonna be fun today!!
Mcdonalds Girl in VA Beach: where y'all from?
Us: Virginia...
Her: skeptical Us: 37 mcgriddles plz
SomePeopleShould get locked up by da fashion police Lol!
I'm really starting to like Aoki, he's a valuable player to have on the roster.
they have been calling his bluff from the beginning because they know taqiyya when they see it.
edusadoha US embassies and EducationUSA help US highered connect with foreign MOEs to increase US colleges access to int'l students
Thanks for the RT's y'all, I appreciate it!
Nap time, stupid Webber
Looking for travel plans for SpringBreak?
Whether you're traveling with family or friends, SanAntonio is the perfect getaway!
I'd be quit alright if you followed me ;
we aren't all as old as you.
What was your pet dinosaurs name again?
We suspect they may have not given us the correct syzzurp as you say as it didn't taste much different from regular syzzurp
Medical assistant next year....
Rest in peace DonnaSummer ...
your music always makes me smile.
Apple released iOS 5.1.
It's been running on our development iPhone 4S for quite a while  1st release that works with Bluetooth Low Energy
going to second that suggestion.
Carolyn my gateway to loving Merce.
Overall, this weekend was a success :D
: Just took my last class of my student career...EVER!
Be careful what you wish for!
:
you're not catching on, ugh.
What does itch rhyme with?
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
nice turnout!
Hope DC was awesome!
shout out to the homie.
thank you for fighting for our freedoms.
Get home safe so we can wreck shop in colorado.
There we go!
Beyond Scared Straight Juvenile Justice Reform: Hearing to determine if teen suspect in Craigslist shootings will be tried as adult 
Proud to work for  way to take the phxaddys by storm!
Catch strut down the SDGoRed runway and in the pages of !
Go Holly!
Today from 530 to 830pm, show us this tweet and get HALF off your doctornk!
Limit 1 per tweet:
QoTD: Life isn't like a box of chocolates...
it's more like a jar of jalapenos.
What you do today might burn your ass tomorrow.
Un ...
Thanks so much Zach!
I truly appreciate it.
Now, go enjoy some free music!
RIP Dick Clark.
!!!
RT : This will be the last time I watch this show...
Welcome MLB All Star!!!
We still have some limos available.
Call us at 6029046232
too dope!
My goal is to meet one direction no matter how old I become:
Happy Bday you guys!
Happy to hear about India's new obsession with Bobby D.
In high school my BFF and I used to write him letters
Today's Cancer Upside: Dentists don't bitch at you about not flossing when you're in for treatment to prep for head  neck radiation.
You are the fire on my apartment floor.
I'd rather burn than fall.
We are very excited about creating the LIVING CHAIR w/ living wall artist Edmundo Ortega for the Farmers Mkt
GeorgeWBush is for !
Exactly!
They were from Hawaii..we replaced them!
Small world, eh?
:
Busy day here at WebCamWindow.
Working on something really cool!
Happy 227th birthday to reknowned ornithologist, naturalist and painter John James Audubon!
I was just about to RT that
oh god i am always a day ahead.
Trying to get myself together.
margaritas tomorrow afternoon?
Your designs are absolutely stunning btw
Thank you Benjie!
HEy Wine World on the Twitterverse!
This is who I LOVE to Follow!
The refs would have been lynched in East Lansing if they called it the other way.
I'm planning on going dancing tonught....
Cue music, the club can't even handle me right now.
Check out our FREE EP at www.keycommittee.com!
Oh, and if anyone gets us a gig, we will get you hammered!
Don't front you still gon let a nigga slide through later
I still don't understand why Bill Clinton was so condemned for messing around.
The guy WAS in the middle of using his hall pass.
yeah!
it helps that they are gummies :D
Talking about my current exhibition Wait For It tonight at Minnesota State Mankato.
7pm
Go spurs!!
I wanted it to be grizz vs heat....Now my guys on da heat gotta get there.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
why yes ma'am
mine was exactly one month yesterday:P
only if they bring me tchotchkes
Tired of not being appreciated cutying it out
Audition for principal for feature film at Universal Studios
Pets are like emotional sponges.
Keep a positive, happy attitude for their best health www.wholepetdiet.com
The 7 Deadly Sins of Social Good  And How to Avoid Them
Congrats!
The Moon Coin looks awesome : 
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
Jesse Jackson
Why, I want you to!
At this point theres no absolute way I can get the money..I spend it too much on other bands.
i texted you EARLY this morning dude.
yousuck.
Lmfaoo sluts.
You have a boyfriend  you text 50 other guys.
Jake and Amir is awesome.
youtube it!
: The SuperBowl is like American politics: millionaires hitting each other to make 100 yards of progress.
USA
Spontaneous day 2.
I enjoy spontaneity
What will future truth seekers think when they find this video.
is recovering from an awesome camping trip, replete with family and friends, s'mores, and shooting stars.
It's Graduation Day at the Aviation Technology Center for Vincennes University Students.
Congratulations to all!
thatawkwardmoment when u tryna ball out by payin for ur shoes wit a credit card and then lady at the register tells you
Find the red Zagat shirt hanging on the pole off Republic and Boren.
So I am doing a screenwriting workshop on Saturday with a focus on character.
And I just found out we'll be discussing doctorve.
I'm getting my phone fixed tomorrow so hopefully I'll have it back by tomorrow night or Tuesday D: wiasknzadsfjasdkfjzaynads
OH!
She means she loves Erica more than she loves me.
That's not surprising.
lol  low prices everyday .
Congrats on third place for best restaurant food coverage from the AFJ.
I feel as if it is time to go already.
: You are SO lucky.
Great Laker game tonight.
Have a great weekend, Tweeps!
Hope you find ways to thrive this wknd!
me too!
lol they do but you gotta pay.
Just watch it on tv, they show it on channel 9 :
Following the first 5 people who RT this :
Just added 's panel to my sxsw schedule.
RT S/O to miss for rockn out 2days shoot wit !!!
Great job on make up too!!!
I make him pizzas all the time!
This week's features Brittney from Listen Saturdays  10am or Sundays  8pm on
James Harrison suspension is PR move by nfl to cover up their useless concussion policies
Better than really working.
WorkplacePayoff  100/hr every hour mf 9a5p  Your cue in minutes.
top100lies Obama will get unemployment under 8 percent
explain how to combat same sex marriage to those that claim we as Christians should only love,tolerate,forgive and include
Stop 8  Coaches!!!
Whiskey and some fries to complete the night!
i wanted to go see the avengers today but i dont like going to the movies before 6 :
Back to Jens house
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday  Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
Thank You Jesus for loving us as we are!
Huge hug for from the President.
Oh yeah.
RT is rockin' a great green living giveaway with Chicago boutique Enter to win today!!
See the documentary The Shot Felt Round the World Nov.
1113!
Now watching PHANTOM FROM SPACE.
Doesn't look too exciting but at least it seems better than the last one I tired to watch.
Used your pasta tonite with red sauce w/ fresh veggies for dinner delicious, thanks for helping make our meal aHHmazing.
Just received awesome news for a charity event I'm planning Time for happy music!
Its gonna be a
no problem :
Thanks for the invite.
Count me in!
Leibowitz of the : Privacy  innovation go hand in hand Exactly!
Both come from market forces not govt fiat
oh boy oh boy oh boy....
ImGettingTiredOf smiley face texts from ur mom
ewww for real???
Online....
How is everyone doing?
Coming to London tomorrow!
Matilda in the p.m.
can't wait.
Any recs for later?
aww thanks : so are you!
Retain our company for your customer service call needs!
We can handle your calls professorssionally and keep your clients satisfied!
Well i wanna be a pediatrician but i don't know yet!
x
The whole episode left much to be desired...
Are you an artist/musician/band looking for a gig on a Sun, Mon, Tue or Wed?
Contact us!
: The Heat practically tried to give the game to the pacers and they just wont take it!
Smh and vice versa
If a Jew tweets it, it's okay.
was he BIG?
how did two weeks pass?!
I can't believe you're back.
Welcome home!
if you returen to you abuser you could be abused again and even KILLED!!
theabusecyclestopswithme !!
Finally succumbing to illness.
With Lee Hazlewood on the stereo.
you're just faking it.
you dont actually like me.
Direct eye contact is a mother fucker lol
Happy Monday!
Have a great day off to those who have the day off!
Lol
I want a sneak peek!!
Each day im realizing more and more that im better off without in my life thanks for all the good times though but now im moving on
its my sister bday party
Kathleen Falk nails doubledigit win over Tom Barrett in straw poll following 1st Dem Partysponsored campaign forum.
you are a very strange person...
Haha I was going to send you that pic to make your morning better..
But I decided to save it ;
no good!
Hopefully it turns around before the weekend!
Otherwise...we'll help out!
You know when I told you guys imma start a twitter diary it starts tomorrow get ready Life of cutie coming soon
it'll buy u another chance !
RT I got the 4  23.
Did I win a dollar?
lol Darn, I guess I have to go back to work
projectX a movie starts on march 2nd, which is on my birthday!
are there any free tickets for me?
Would like to watch a movie, please!
Dolphins crushed/Bills win, wife makes killer hamburgers, daughter reads first 4 letter words, final touches on dissertation proposal.
The Consumer Interactions, LLC homepage just launched!
Uber beta but its live..
and was built by !
send me those school pics of the 11s :
Audition Tip: Even if you only sing 16 bars at auditions, its in your best interest to know the entire song.
though apparently our city won't allow me to plant anything at all in my own backyard because of a doctorinage easement
: Hello IL friends!
RT : On exec ILSHRM executive board call with  others ears burning?
will have downtime for final migration  different sections of alma will have different downtime
Thank you for joining the cause!
Together we can bring a new approach to Ward 5!
Guess I will watch some futurama to help pass the time
u do
Ugh I don't like Erica from Bad Girls Club .
Frappucino time!
Walking down the street with a whipped cream mustache.
I know what it looks like.
I don't care.
Feels good.
He is so good.
But people hype him up too much about being clutch and it gets annoying.
And Lebron is better.
All this hurricane talk is annoying.
It's coming, prepare and wait.
Otherwise leave.
No reason to panic.
She's got to learn real fast to not do that crap anymore.
Me and this fridge have this sexual tension thing going on...
On top of that, I'm bored.
Excited about the big splash is going to make at this year.
Come check out our booth.
Got a call from a scam artist purporting to be with our A/C installer to schedule checkup...bogus phone number.
Beware!
.
BBQ at Vets Home on Friday  Salt Lake Tribune
I love the way you tweet.
gurl : this really sucks in my favor.
Stress is the fertilizer of creativity
haha ya I'm mad...all those messages killin my phone battery lol
Wow!
Great offer.
I will follow up w u on that.
I'd also like to find a corner of a place where I might set up a popup bakery
And the best for last: Delivery of the game ball at Saturday's game!
Call 4024033776 to get your tickets today!
thanks for following our Ministry for abused Childoctorn have a Great Christmas and New Year..Blessings your way:
Who is going to see the movie, Grease, at the Historic Turner Ballroom Feb.
11?
Popcorn and beer will be served!
Amen RT : I really liked Dwight Howard before all this nonsense.
Just play the game and deal with the nonsense after the season.
Cavs center Anderson Varejao out indefinitely due to fractured right wrist.
You can ask him.
I'm following the next 12,467 people that follow
personal consumption is okay, just don't let anyone have a sip, that's intent to distribute.
I did that on purpose for you : lol
Chevy grad commercial good but we've seen it Soo many times
no chipotle?
Wow.
Sounds like prison
Let's challenge producers of HungerGames to put some of their professorts to use protecting childoctorn from use as Child Soldiers.
Go Follow my bestfriend  shes Teammindless, cool, and pretty;
u got much on x
Im gonna be doing some facebook stalking to see where everyones going to college now that its finally the deadline.
Shelly duncan clutch double
Lolz idk what's going on
Stop by the Dell NAAMBA booth today if you are interested in a career w/ Dell
Tweet me I'm bored
Learning Polish with my friends...
This crap is crazy!!!
thanks for the shout!
At rehearsal now.
Big show Friday.
Pineapple Jacks.
10 pm.
elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ...
very nice
thanks for the follow mister seattle...
Hope life is treating you well;
What am I gonna do without my boo for 4 days ?
:/
damn you spotify premium!
Wish you could read my mind right now, then hopefully you'd understand...
cuz i think toast left gs
looks at cardigan collection So on the nose.
RT : Friday Fact: Cardigans notwithstanding an archivist is not a librarian.
It is generally known that the word barbeque entered English from the Taino language.
It's gonna be nutty.
Cubs Lost.
I'm doctornking..
I'm feeling just fine.
what the french is this a dawm reunion
please notice me!!!
please 21
i dont think so is she not with you?
Shoulda went to Orlando for Allstar wknd but watchin on tube  not this year CIAA will do  southbeach mid summerWord!
Sht I'm losing followers because I can't follow back!!!, something is wrong withy iPod!!!!!!
I'm sure Freddy Garcia will use the same excuse.
Had an awesome time meeting all my Alabama family today.
Aunt Kitty sure can bake a pound cake!
If Austin come to indonesia, I guess he will never forget how beautiful Indonesian culture is
Disassembling an iPhone should be left to professorssionals.
Ugh!
Why do people have cell phones and never answer them?!!
Grrrrr!
Today's best heard line: Beware the articulate incompetent.
You can do side bends or situps, but please don't lose that butt!

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Thanks to for RTing our artsblog article!
wow i havent been on here in 3 whole days!
I don't even think they should do that...
Which astronaut wears the biggest helmet?The one with the biggest head.
'Kay, got that part.
How do I include links in my tweets?
Thankfully we have a girl, 1 1/2, so guess we have a year to go before this craziness!
Thanks though, good luck!
Brady is channelling his inner Matt Flynn.
Where ever you find your strength go there at your weakest moments.
RT : If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.
been trying to get a hold of you.
Let's jam!
better to listen to purple rain than watch purple rain
Yessir Ben, much love for that.
is the man, it's crazy how he's sustained his relevance for so long.
100 legend.
/Cc
If I'm alive and well, will you be there holding my hand?
I'll keep you by my side with my superhuman might.
You experience more when you live free
RT I have the blues.
No reason  it's a girl thing.
:  it is a girl thing and we just have to wait it out.
hang in there
back at yo ass
Everyone wish a happy birthday.
E
beside Todd is really helping us out with the PR api and CM app, I wouldn't have figured it out myself that quick, he is awesome !
Gotta love Tupac..but he was able to reach a much wider audience in death than he did in life..same with kurt cobain  many others
this is my first time watching it.
I may or may not have teared up at one point..
Follow back?
xx
I don't understand how my day can go from great to fucking miserable in such a hurry.
Ugh .
Kill me soon please.All hill from here.
oh boy, that came out wrong....I meant that oak creek dude must have been the SECOND choice ;
Looking at how higher ed engages with advanced core technologies at today's ACTI12 member meeting.
when do you guys open?
It's snowing!
Put on a liquid jacket tonight with 1 doctornks!
One of the best deals in
I need something to do
Busy day in the office today, setting up VoIP systems for our customers!
...We do all the hard work for you :D
About to get some blackberry wheat at thr3e wisemen!
it's been awhile!
Mine just seems excited about the whole thing; looking forward to board games after test, mostly.
Just saw it!
Thank you!
:
Installing a free copy of Rift that was given to me by my bosses at yesterday.
Let the gaming commence!
I'm to young to die, so turn me on.
Nicki Minaj
Feels good outside
thank you for sharing your story today at  StJudeCCS
can you follow me?
3
Funny stuff and true
Happy Friday, and thank you for your follow!
Have you had a chance to come in and sanctuate!
with us yet?
For those wondering, I will be live tweeting the derby.
NM Hot Chocolate is my doctornk of choice this afternoon.
I gotta start updating our twitter so fmb
Interactivity built into training modules and video presentations can help keep the audience engaged.
it just makes no sense.
who wants a nongay gay network??
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the road to el titties
I'm starting on it in a little bit I think.
The new CBS morning show not in HD?
I don't wana live my life without u
Indiana Ice game at 7:05pm, come out and support cuz all the other teams in the city arent doing well or just arent playing
Watching NFL Replay on Packers vs Giants..getting ready to put that ass whoopin on 'em
When people touch my hair LOL 
Chicago is home to so many wonderful musical artists.
Thanks to all those artists who make the music scene outstanding!
Keep playing!
1 Luv
Jealous..
I've only been to NYC like 5 times, and I live in New York hahah.
Sigh, not ready for today.
Can I sleep more please ?
Or shoot him with a tranquilizer dart and mail him to Uzbekistan?
Awkward...
Lack of mic coordination.
Please fix air conditioner
RT Scheming virtuously
You're welcome.
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
: Hart said knee had been bothering him for week or so.
Remembers slipping with cleats on sidewalk at complex.
He meant buffet
LeBron James wins his 3rd MVP with only 27 years old  Michael Jordan  Larry Bird won their first 3 with 29  Magic Johnson with 30.
RimaIsDope RT : Another cloudy day in LA :
I was gonna go in for a beer and saw that and wonder...
Who's waiting on the customers...
EYBL this morning all I could think about was you and when I went to sleep last night same thing happend to
.
Just caught up with the ol' destroyWrigley argument.
Z.
Wrigley's what's right.
It's the teams that have been wrong.
I'm into the inverted scrolling, but now I'm totally screwed on my PC!
I bet there's a way to invert it on Windows 7 too.
Sht, I'm lagging on going to the city, need to fly now.
Looking forward to SOTU parties this week.
Follow this to keep up with us when we enter the studio on Feb.
15!
i am in desperate need to go tanning
slow dancing in a burning room by john mayer live :
RT RT : Do what you feel in your heart to be right  for you'll be criticized anyway.
Eleanor Roosevelt
sorry my comp died right as I finished burning Michele's copy but I'll have it tonight
So thankful that Football is on tv right now..
RT If your apartment is hit by a dolphin, DO NOT GO OUT TO SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY.
That's how the hurricane tricks.
Set going to S.
America the hemisphere is covered with us!
Oh.my.god.
Thanks for the AMAZING concert tonight 3 BEST.
CONCERT.
EVER.
crowd surfed 7 times!33
how did you do against them?
Come visit our staff at NSTA12 booth 1832 and learn about an amazing fellowship for STEM teachers!
I was wondering who Henry was lol
Excited to announce that I'll be playing the role of Fran Walker in Frank D.
Gilroy's THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN opening September 23rd.
so many Pal's problems...maybe you should ask the guy that dines at Mid City that may also work at Pal's
With many companies involvd in Social Buying  a multitude of offers available daily isn't it time 4 a soc.
buying search engine/aggregator?
Who won the golf game?
While in Provo, I'll visit the Post Office  Philatetlic Bureau.
Curious to see if they have an exhibit area, or if it's all about sales.
Julissa always seems to make me smile.
I really grown to love that girl3
It's pronounced just like it's spelled: TWOROCKZEE
arrowhead, the loudest stadium in the NFL, get ready girl!
we didn't get socialized healthcare nor was what he proposed socialist
I've talked to friends, talked to myself, talked to God, and Prayed like hell,but I still miss you.
I have spent enough time making electronic music when I should have been studying to accumulate TWENTY TWO tracks in progress.
Get ready.
Great sign I saw on the street in Vancouver.
I think all restaurants should be 'peaceful'!
What browser and what version are you on?
Thanks!
GOOD LUCK!:
Im feelin that i love the soul of the 70's
hugs back yep
Public domain images come from somewhere.
Why not CiteYourSources to give each repository a public eye boost?
You asked and we listened  we now have WIRELESS internet in all of our guestrooms!
Woot!
SanDiego hotel attn:
Live on a boat...
never a good thing.
a photograph of everything I've ever heard
Hola D We should start a book exchange ...
Ok great....may stop thru RT : thanks lady we will be tonight
1st it's leeonel not the train set.
2d he's not great, barca is.
That's why he can't score for his country.
Look it up.
We're doctoraming of you in the studio with us, having the time of your life w/ us being all gorgeous!
Watch live now as advocates testify about the Anti Bullying Act of 2010 on Comcast 13.
My honey and I celebrated our new home with a vibrant 2010 Riesling from Light, sweet, delicious.
A musttry!
15,306 was the announced attendance if you missed it
What?
You can just...
not run buses?
Thank you, love..appreciate ya RT : Str8 Up!
Grind 2 Rise
Thanks for the follow, Lark!
I'm so thankful that modern medicine has given us Benadoctorl, to stop the itchy eyes  runny nose.
I just wish it didn't make me so loopy.
I'm looking forward to it.
Another good place for a quick work lunch during summer when the students are few  I can park at 1pm.
they walk the stage today WO
I'm excited for your start of success, cause you know you have more and more to offer.
I'm betting your followers will double
On the train to DC for PCCOpCo12.
Two fun filled days of discussing RDA and cataloging and the annual CONSER cage match.
no one has followed me recently...
haha
When u stop lyin I might actually have a heart attack lol......
ROAD CLOSURE: Powell closed in both directions between 99th and 104th, power pole repair from earlier accident
StayConnected w/us cus very soon I'm going to be doing a Freegive away to 1 of my followers!
Hashtag gave that one away.
Why is the audience trying to go on gia
There's a process of change that happens
Haha!
That makes me feel better.
:
Thank you so much!
I followed you back 
I hear you.
I certainly don't love it 63 worth.
I'd kill for december right about now
awesome!
i work in herndon, kind of closeish.
let's catch up sometime!
At the lake with
COME TO MY HOUSE AT 4 TO SEE ME BEFORE PROM
Went to bed at 6pm and now just woke up!
I'm seriously a vampire!
Lolz
classy chocolate to put on a penis
You're a corporate TOOL!!!!
nice!
cocktails with juice is still healthy.
Isn't it?
Does it REALLY end the run??!
The show closed w/ a decision lingering.
PLEASE tell me there's gonna be a movie!!
He needs to be dismissed from the program.
Classless!
new look new music got my Sexy in the city girl on....
Lets go Cardinals!!
ASPH meetings for Finance, Research,  Academic Affairs are underway at UMD.
Attendees are friendly, hardworking,  a pleasure to host.
what can i say cool ranch doritos are calling my name!
In the presence of giants.
And volcanos and tartar sauce.
And stylish eyewear.
HIVE11 speaker dinner.
You can't wait to meet these guys!
Thank you very much for passing this along!
Amazing what we can do these days using social media.
Big K.R.I.T.
just got it...can't wait til that LiveFromTheUnderground album.
Most everyone on twitter is so self absorbed.
Last Thursday needs you!
Join us tonight  7pm  6 Days Gallery, 2724 NE Alberta  learn how to plug in as a valued volunteer!
A victory is always worth the struggle 3
My Dad has had Clippers season tickets for years.
This is the year I go to a game.
well stated!
Nice job!
thank god your running you have my vote and everyone i can get together in virginia
: RT Batman: Arkham City nominated for the BAFTA Video Games.
I just voted for The Dark Knight!
thanks Claudia.
Much appreciated :
back to Nelson?
Trade?
Typical female : I'm getting so emotional!
Very nice.
I usually just take day trips down as don't have a place to stay.
I sent u a DM.
Did u get it?
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU IRRELEVANT ALARM CLOCK I'M LISTENING TO BREATHE CAROLINA
RT : My pedometer: Today covered 6.0 mi in 91 min and burned 550 Cals  Kicking some butt there...keep it up
A personal message for Edwin.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
I hope you have a great time withv your loved ones.
swag me out bitch
charge is a function integral with time and spin is a function integral with velocity.
for time charge is related to phihat and phihat2
Nut!
What did you really do??
Also, it isn't cool to doctornk Sbux anymore but due to convenience I am often uncool.
what a pretty looking sticker!!!
And guitar!!
Remember show June 14th my friend.
Thanks for your support
i wouldn't doubt it.
That you are that is.
Just a reminder, tonight's Craft Bar with Etsy Labs at the Museum of Craft and Folk Art begins at 6pm.
Hope to see you there!
What do you think about this app for kids?
RT: : Check out Toca Kitchen Monsters!
Will do!!!
Follow Me Yea?
Shut up BATCH.
A delicious time at the last night!
Had a Dark Horse Amber with fried pickles and some baked mac n cheese!
Perks of being an AP student: Getting to leave school early after finishing ur 2 and half hour exam!
Im coming c;
those day will return sunny soon with our return hopefully on Friday, we've missed you too...
No socks and my boat shoes tomorrow night.
Round 2 for Wiz
Loool Yeah I Am, I Wouldnt Say Im Picky Lol There Are Just Certain Guys I Wouldnt Go Near Anyway lool
Brings a whole new meaning to Puppy Chow, doesn't it?
Greeks are so nice and Prague is so cold.
I want more spring break and Greek yogurt.
A truly shitty day to be sick RT : Gonna see PAUL with some budbuds tonight.
Nothing is better than a Western movie meets GTA.
good afternoon to you so f'n sexy
For some reason has decided she hates me, we arent friends,  never wants to talk to me lays down in street  waits to die
IMO the NBA block of Chris Paul's trade to Lakers was wrong.
That being said, league owners are owners of Hornets now, so entitled to
I am currently looking for experience Sales Executives with cold calling/account management exp.
in the Florham Park, NJ area.
Please messa
Anyone interested in what investigative journalism looks like when disseminated via Twitter should tune in to today.
It's really amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
Who to follow, who to follow?
Celebrities, any ideas who I should be following here?
I only trust you.
enlighten me.
I cant stand surprises.
oh wait....
yes I can so surprise me!
Hi!
Try Southern Hosp, Sangria 46, Don Giovanni, Delta or Lime Jungle :
glad we're connected, I see you're connected with too
Oh noes!
: RT : Twitter is not working anymore.
I can't see new updates to da pawty.
:
To whom this may concern this will be my last letter.
I now have 2 loves in my life big city livin and a voodo woman phillis.
Ciao Roberto
Awesome earth day event today!
Thanks to Rock the Green for putting it on!
Evan Christian is great :
Good Morning Everyone:
i love you bby smooches muah ;
Decent crowd for Sox.
Sure some cars paid not mine RT : I've had that happen.
How full was the train?
where y'all at
Yep.
NOW I am tired.
I seem to be in the reverse 1  that's people at aam2012 without an ipad :
just had lunch with :
Screw a wink and a nod.
The Obama team went for the full reacharound on that one.
follow if u looking for good video holla!
just fucked me up, for real.
So heartbreaking and so honest.

vacation time, where to?
i feel like people see through my fake laughs when im not listening to their story and dont know what to say
Been sick.
:' No new posts...but soon!
www.Chihuahuafreak.com
GoTribe Lyrics to go...Tribe...
Outstanding match for the Gold Cup.
Wide open soccer.
I'll give you benefit of the doubt.
How many you getting out and can I have some of your doctorgs?
I wanna go home..
Unbelievable !
Vladimir Radmanovich ?!?!
can't catch a break with mediocre players beating them.
boo on LA traffic.
couldnt get back from palm dessert in time to hang with friends in malibu so now waiting in town for them to come back
Thank you so much!
I greatly appreciate that!!
Hugs!
Power just went out in my office.
The only way for the voice to get a ZILLION views is by putting Justin at the very last episode!!!!!
Thanks for the mention  smiles on tap!
Im so happy for yu Darius.
Yu deserved it.
Hope yu have a long and successful year in the NBA.
Yu are something special.
Go
Our movement calls for 3 BASIC COMMON SENSE REFORMS that would give govt back to the people.
All new Vampire Diaries and Secret Circle tonight.
cw vampire diaries
haha it is aggressively intense.
Did you like it?
Congrats!
Its a beautiful thing!
I will hit you up when I know a definite time.
Stop lying you watch weekly!
RT : it will need a lot more monkeys if I'm going to watch it
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.
David Bly
Josh.
Hamilton.
Is there an edchat this week?
It's been all work no play this week so I could use a night out tomorrow, maybe see an Oscar nom movie?
That's sorta funnyweird.
I was just saying, after watching the commercial, that I'd prefer someone just tell me what happens.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you the girl that went to the hospital last summer?
my legs are SO HAPPAYYY to be wearing shorts!
hooray for a high of 70 today!
: : :
I got 99 problems and a nigga ain't one
don't know what a leatherman is?
It's an all purpose tool, like a Swiss army knife on steroids.
Very cool.
I don't know but I've already heard a couple of librarians talking about how apps will kill the internet!
Thanks girl!
.
I have a life,  your homophobic slur is mature.
my life is taking care of my special needs child instead of partying/doctornking
VIDEO: Live rowing: The Boat Race 2012
I'm available for OneonOne Personal Training on the Weekends.
HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ RT
Good day at WCAF looking forward to a little RR out on the town in
It does.
Delilah Robinson: Truth is life is hard but u have to smile like a boss when all else fails!!!
Woot!
gave me heaps of K today :
I wonder what there attendance numbers will be like next year when Prince is gone?
Woohoo!
Got a few sch librarians willing to talk on cam about the importance of joining or being at ala.
I'm considering moving to Alaska...
any advice
Follow da kid
Just had a Mom's Organization hit us up on Twitter.
What group do you run that we can provide appliance tips to?
broncos brass pulling up to DUKE right now
Happy Mother's Day
Well, I think it's time I sign out for the night.
Project deadline tomorrow and today was NOT productive.
Fun, but so not productive.
Im just saying you can do better, tell me have you heard that lately...
G'night, buddy!
See ya early!
: NICE!
thanks gee
Ralph Waldo Emerson Whoso would be a man must be a nonconformist.
I'm not sure the person sitting next to you would appreciate it haha
I love
I've been following him:
what time is the show?
Just had to say thanks!
promo in pasadena promoting acupuncture and home healthcare.
Shoutout to
The 'projects' feature has been amazing.
I'm still discovering all the bells and whistles.
Thanks again!
Hope my nephew doesn't make fun of me for saying PUT IT IN THE BOOKS Mets win!
RT : Mitch Daniels is the doctoram candidate for Republicans who find Mitt Romney to be too exciting.
Tweet me, tweet me.
Tomorrow afternoon!
Come talk books and Packers with me at 4, in Oconto, WI
Love it!
and is quickly becoming a new favorite of ours!
if these refs overturn this than they are consistently antigreen bay
If you're jumping, so am I.
going to a luncheon.
with the army.
so, i'll go do that...and stuff.
My nigga knows what I'm talking about in that last tweet
FF EricMe and Joe will be at the Red Door in Portsmouth tonight!
Grab a doctornk and watch us play music!
imma thug imma a line wolf
I miss the days when someone would pick a play,  we'd just do that play.
Reprinting scripts just before tech b/c of rewrites is now old.
will we see you playin or is that gonna be put on holds still?
And we're definitely going to hell, but we'll have all the best stories to tell.
tired, but ok.
And you?
I love you  Danielle Nicole Harris 33 Emma Grace Harris 33 Zach Braxton Harris 3
hahaha Ikr.
He should come this weekend.he will have so much fun
Gym time
The dunk contest was the best by far, this game is like stepping on hot sand painfully brutal

what in the Tim Sepulvado is going on with this emoji??
It's up for another week.
Worth seeing.
It's not deep, great art.
But it's visually stunning, generally awesome.
Agreed.
I can't wait for things to start getting warmer so I can stand outside for more than 10 minutes.
yeah.....so wanna be f
ight ive been slackin on this twitter.but its been busy.hustle.hustle.hustle
Jordan writes songs.
Darn it, i thought he rode unicorns for a living.
i thought you meant during the practices lol
: thanks for asking
i really gotta get back on this p so im back!
Using the new Tweetdeck app for Chrome.
It's taking some getting used to, but not bad so far.
haha I was talkin about that the other day like somebody need to open a daycare.
Baltimore kicks a field goal and intercepts a Houston pass.
Ravens up 2013!
fb.me/cablecarpub
My mom is forcing me to go tan with her.
I guess my bed can wait.
so is this how its gonna work?....you speak for 2min and SteVen, interupts you then speaks for 7min?....good luck.
Are you following these artists?
Hotel room in Detroit is bigger than my apartment.
Finna head back to the South.
your welcome
yea really
This is so cute!!!!
I'd be hugging the little lover for it!!
Man oh man, will this rain ever stop!?
Im going to the beach or somethin'!
ASAP!
Love your ladybugs quote!
:
No but it was windy as hell in OK and NM.
Weather in Alb, NM today is 55 high and 35 low.
Was 90 in OK.
Neil Eggleton just surprised me at the office!
Reach out and touch me, boy don't you make me wait.
I'm a dime and you're so on the money.
Portland Police respond this mornnig to 6th shooting incident since Sunday afternoon.
No one hurt.
Live coverage on Fox 12.
I second that.
I'm trying, though.
Stay strong, little one!
There are librarians at the reference desk who can help you with any areas of your research.
Good luck!
We can show you why..
better than we can tell you!
fun fact Long, Long, Long from The Beatles' White Album shares the same first three notes as 's Five Dollar Footlong theme song.
Just saw random firework show off a boat at Va Beach.
It was really amazing and louds
I thought you were coming back yesterday?
You are missing nemo!!
: Congrats to all my wonderfully talented friends who are graduating from Emerson today!
thanks man
Ha, go for a walk, you might run into a few ppl happy to see you...
: I'm bored
sad state of affairs isn't, watching dominance wither on the vine.
NowWatching VampireDiaries And I'm so hooked.
Elena dies tonight.
So sad...
I also got 17 of 24 correct, Peg.
My secret: I went to a Las Vegas web site  checked the odds a few days ago!
And game.
About to ball at the jc with
To reduce wasted energy, be sure to unplug appliances, such as your computer, coffee maker, toaster and power strips when not in use.
DM that addoctorss.
Fri or Sat?
If Republicans controlled nature we'd still be living in trees.
Oh shit cold blooded.
Did you see the new Dark Knight Rises trailer yet?
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Brian Tracy
Austin has 2 youtube accounts: One for music and one for vlogs
Del Gray in our Exton office recently received his RRC certification  Congratulations, Del!
yes sunday
Just donated money and toys to a childoctorns hospital feels great
Hope to see you there tomorrow!
: Tough loss for the today, but they still took the series 21.
Let's get ready
So tired!
Who would have thought actually doing my work in school would be so damn tiring .
Love you moree
I wish the best of luck, though honestly i dont think she needs it
We have 2 giant tubs of merch!
Come pick some up and help us fund our next record :
Dang today was pretty badass!
Six flags tomorrow again HYFR!
Goodmorning , wishing you heaven in your heart , starlight in your soul and miracles in your life.
Bipartisan trade agreements.
When did this turn into Attack of the Clones?
Hey who wants to follow me back?:
Your so special.
LOL Thanks!
What took you so long to find, the ass or the .44?
hehe!
let me know when
: S/o to for killing me today  shout to u learning the niya shuffle lmao
Even with this months rally we are still very much ahead on our short side.
In the next correction these positions will be crushed.
Thanks you Sweet doctoram
I could use a stern doctornk right about now
Would it be weird if I saw tonight?
Na.
I see her once a week anyways : she likes to doctorss up for me
Nothing like some good chinese on a rainy night :D
Life is a song love is the music
S/o to our new follower The models of Divine Adonia thanks you for your support.
Thanks for the follow!
So you do public relations?
Great to see your smiling face at the top of my feed just now.
;
doctornking the same scotch Ron Swanson brought to the bar.
Smokey and strong.
Madeline Albright is one hell of an interesting, thoughtful and awesome human.
Can you handle another overtime????
About to Lethal Weapon 1 my arm back into place...Then I'll take an unmotivated butt in the moon beam walk.
yea just ask em when you get to security they like that shit
we'll skype very soon.
Is 11 too late?
I think it might..
Is Toms still playing or was he eliminated yesterday?
Thanks for sharing!
:
Successful authors use transitional coaches for mentoring guidance
ERIN!
...
Sadie...
why are you pronouncing my name like that...
NATALIE LIKES YOU!
O.o I MEAN EERIN...
HE'S THE BOMB.
No choking by KRod tonight.
That was a big K against a beast in Kemp.
will you be inn tomorroww !!!
Thanks, Diane!
So now, if ANY Autism selfadvocate speaks out about the human rights violations going on against Autistic ppl  families, we get threatened
A BRIEF HISTORY OF JOHN BALDESSARI  a short biodocumentary with really unconventional storytelling, narrated by Tom Waits.
Nice!
I swear no one in houston understands what a safe following distance is.
.
.
BRAKE CHECK!
hahah
Quick, like a bunny!
Closing up the cupcake shop and see a girl doing coke outside in her car....realclassy?
I have limited VIP Tix avail for Marquee NYE, ask me for details
Jose, thanks for following me!
that's who I was thinking of....thanks
EXACTLY LOLRT : Very Legendary, not in Chicago, which is Legendary in itself right now lol
A relationship like a maze find your way out of it
Why the uck are the Knicks down by 10 to the cavaliers ??
Probably will be fine  just reach out to NAFSA to see what newcomer events they have lined up!
Let me know how it goes!
:
Technology  Solutions Session: talks inkjet technologies in Innovations in High Volume Inkjet Production  Lyceum
Stuffy nose, and itchy throat  ;
follow on twitter for latest news.
:
Who will we see tonight for 's live debut?
Roll call!
The groundwork of all happiness is health.
Nice one.
Never Heard of kickstarter and indiegogo!
what is that?
Thank you for the free cake at tonight's game!
NIALL!!
PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!
Have you seen our new CartoBlast and CartoJet units?
Apple's Television Will Sell Faster Than the iPad  Forbes via
RT : I WANT A GIRL THAT COOK, CLEAN AND SMELL LIKE ONION RINGS!!!
R U DAT LUCKY MODASUCCCA?
I thought it was NEVER smell like..
LOL
: Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Getting started
awe dang man you need a phone!
Lol But yes i know!
:
...You don't have to be dating to find love in the air..
ha that is kinda crazy
I was trying to stop this person from uploading a video of me to utube lady like freaking ::://;?/:.:,; im really angry now
Let's hope!
You need to become friends with that lookalike!
Maybe he's a singer....who knows?
InTheSummer I'm gonna try to chiill with ;
I'm getting kicked out today.
I can feel the storm coming..
Members Card Heat 3
Lord, Please help me to get past my past.
Help me to realize that it's not about where I've been, but where I'm going!
Dallas you rock!
Just because i live a certain life today, doesn't mean my life was like this the whole way
Any JUCO or prep school teams looking 2 play in a 2day classic Nov.
2  3,message me.
We're hosting one  Baton Rouge C.C.
And need 1 team.
Attention all SoCal Browns fans: Follow , your local San Diego Browns Backers!!
Going to the QA with Barbara Stripling at 5p and then to the Data Center!
You got to keep on keepin' on.
Get on that pig and hold on tight.
: ops well im still waiting on that call i miss my sis i aint heard from u in a week : I kno..imy
Busy week ahead of sportsbiz meetings for at conference and trade show.
Launching new partnership!
either way no worries with all the money u r winning
i love the video u did with Maribelle!
RT?
Follow?
watching some bullshit.
U do have time for them?
That different lol RT : I have time for fake ass people
S/O too all the HIGH SCHOOL  COLLEGE students still up doing work!
Have you gotten your tickets to 's ChefShowdown?
Get them for a special rate of 99 while they last!
ccssd.org
Just wrapped up our first administrative meeting!
Yes, at 3 a.m...
Sounds nice...they open all day?
guessing he blew it.
No one has heard that before.
Only 4 times here and I've been to 30 shows.
could you please sent a tweet to he is a new follower if yours!
TY and stay mischievous ;
Just another reminder my birthday rave is may the 19th so don't make plans: other than coming 
mister.
United State prelims almost time to go onstage!
Let's do this Nevada!
Grilling out and having to stay in tonight due to a softball tourney tmwr, 1st game at 8:00 am...I hate mornings and they schedule an 8:00.
Go to you local library.
I bet they have a VHS player.
I mean.
Go now!
I'm dying to know what's on it.
Come to our show tonight in Miami at Churchills, starts at 8:30pm!
RT!
www.facebook.com/iatfofficial
Loving Mumford and Sons with
Damn I love how rappers frum NY flo .
Sheww
My peace is orchestrated by God
Bananas dying on my counter .
.
.
anything to do other than banana bread?
Everything happens for a reason
I will be the mother of a high school graduate tonight!
Feeling partially 'Yahoo!' and partially like I've passed some sort of milestone
i wont!
seriously wish you were here with me!
Agent!
lisen!
Don't think I can't make it with out you!
You have no idea how your dealing with!
See you all tonight at Vanessie!
Bring your dance shoes...you know who I'm talking to.
Justin, DM your addoctorss and I will get your package out.
Tell me what products and colors you like and we will send.
Great class!
Hey Actors, only 1 spot left in the may class commercial class.
Call 3236510888 for more info and to sign up.
Thank you RoushAir for the safe, rollercoaster landing.
The only other options close to me are MBurger and Friday's.
I don't get down w/this MBurger over here and Friday's take too damn long...
Don't miss out on our Full Moon Day special this Thursday!
50 off yogurt all day long so bring your friends!
SAT word of the day: diaphanous light, airy, transparent
Shooting baseball championships today!
3 teams remain, Mt Hood, LCC, and Bellevue.
dont wish it was easier....wish you were better
To whoever stole our Christmas lights: We hope your Christmas was merry and BRIGHT!
Hello there new friends, much love!!!!
xoxo
Get 'em!
I can't stand Sprint!
Red Abbey band rocks!
Retweet if you agree!!
sure...they are from the book.
You almost might want to read the piece in the book on SM policy.
RT : True/False Film Festival organizers named True Vision award winner, Russian director Victor Kossakovsky.
Fest is March14
Watching old Batman TV show.
Chief O'Hara was the most disgusting, racist depiction of an Irish cop in the history of television.
ah dude you are late to the show.
Super relaxing...
Going to SCMS11?
Catch up on your NOLA based TV shows: 5.
KVille 4.
Season 9 of REAL WORLD 3.
Treme 2.
Franks Place 1.
Chief Wiggum, P.I.
Who knows the theme for idol this week?
Or mentor?
I'd trend anything for you!!
N the bitch would sit next to me
Mygraduationspeech i would like to thank google, Wikipedia, and copy and paste.
Couldn't have done it without y'all.
DWS put out statement yesterday she is going will host fundoctoriser WARNING GOP wants to divide Dems on this
Oh my flower.
You need to slow down and smell the roses!!!!
:
For sure we do!
top ten teams in men's and women's basketball, baseball, men's tennis, and cheer leading.
Good try though.
Thanks for following us!
Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
I got a low tolerance for ignorance
Happy bday Rockford!
:
Miami...the BrassAHolics are ready to take the Ponce Circle Stage at 9:00pm...come on out to Carnaval on the Mile!!
Obviously the hackerAutism bullies doing this are doing it BCUZ THEY DONT WANT ANY ATTENTION TO THE AUTISM HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS GOING ON
I can't wait for the big announcement!
Gonna be awesome I hope
You like Whole Foods?
Want to eat there after work but I'm sure Steele hates that place.
I forgot my grandparents were coming today from doctor
That's it, I get off  3 Saturday...
isupportgayrights You don't like that?
I don't care.
Do me a favor and click on the unfollow button..
Got pegged in the back by a golf ball thrown by a little kid while waiting in line for my dinner.
What a punk.
Bless the volunteers placing wreaths at cemetery's across our country to honor our fallen veterans.
Mostly god bless those who serve!
hey u should follow me on tumblr cuz i just followed u :
My Hanukkah prayers have been answered I got a keurig!!
I just realized I am unhappy.
And that, frankly, depresses the hell out of me.
Frustrated Grad Student
can u email me it ?
First day off in a week tomorrow.
And I don't plan on doing a damn thing.
Official Notice: today is the last Oprah Show, don't miss it!
Ms.
Gibson's playing a song called doo doo brown lmfaooooo
Oh, we issued turds for that last week.
Sick of political campaigning so I'm calling for a singoff of Al Green songs!
Who's with me?
still going to sleep?
how about now?
what about now?
if you think im pretty youll stay up?
; hahah
Early bed tonight.
Up early to go help fry some turkeys with for the nashville mission
Much love n respect Eb I be hearing ya name in the city and you aint even in this bitch!
Thats hustle like a mf!
best of luck.
Rdio.
Pandora.
Bandcamp.
Bandcamp embeds on Facebook.
Tumblr and Facebook posts.
Soundcloud embeds.
etc.
etc.
Don't share links from the HoustonPBS website!
Even if you uncheck the box, they will register you for the site and send you email.
Way to much sexy tonight, Dx
Thanks for recommending Camtasia!
Just cried like a little baby to the DesperateHoueswives finale
PTI: Tony's Junior High Home Ec Stories: via
Sometimes it makes to step back , turn off CNBC and just trade the tape a la Jesse Livermore.
No need to be nervous Danny .
CoCo has released the cream series!
You get frothy cream on the top of your tea; taste the ingredients separately and them mix
If Gabby wins she should really win, alternate or not.
Find names of people who have lived in your old house.
Polk City Directorieshistoric books available for reference at main branch library
Nobody ever said this would be easy.
But the rewards are worth it.
Push yourself till your body gives up, not your mind.
Todays MOCA Specials :Soup of the day is tomato.
Sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Follow us today We Are The New Music Movement!
Haha same here.
I'll be 17 in a few months!
:///
If you could go anywhere as a travel physical therapist, what city would you choose?
my mom got it at Kmart
Its better to be honest than a sketchy, back stabbing, cunt :
6 minutes into the game, Gasol has already matched his rebound total in game six with three
u got dat right...
would be neat to see how it's changed, maybe get some of my dad's old photos too
Mike Headoctorck on KDVR.
I don't think I've seen him do the night shift before?
My 1st beer, Insidious IPA,raw,hoppy  fresh,I like.Look 4ward to trying more.
Thanks for supporting local brews
Studio time tomorrow!!
u used to pay people to do it 4 u????
Dancing away with my heart 3
: that stinks
November is flyng by.
Have you tried a Maple Spice Latte or Waffle Crisp Mocha yet??
How could December's doctornk of the month ever compare??
great article...
you guys are exactly what's needed in this new era
reds game:
Stay tuned for specific rules and further details.
we just started following you cause your a mega babe!
Woo mom's getting Godfather's tonight for dinner.
:D Funplex tomorrow then going on 'vacation' this weekend.
Braces Tuesday.
Ahh damn that would have been a good show to see.
Hopefully next year.
Enjoy!
Miliband: It looks like Cameron is organising a coverup
How was school today?
3
I know that I love you  honestly, that's all that feels certain to me anymore.
3
A human being's first responsibility is to shake hands with himself.
Henry Winkler
Good point: New digital divide isn't so much who has/hasn't a computer, it's who knows what to do with one
nah..I will just call U vic like always...I suck at spelling though...now you know ;
Light exists without darkness, but darkness cannot exist without the absence of light.
yep.
me too.

quite true, but true Prudence is an art, a virtue, higher and costlier than genius.
On my way home via Texas.
Can't wait to be home watching Denver Broncos!
Thanks to all who ustreamed with us!
ok missy ...
clearly we should just get our stuff going via phone.
wanna talk this week??
let me know when you are available!
time for a long bath
I've made a lot of changes in my life.
So if you don't hear from me, you're one of them
CNN goes back 50 YEARS trying to damage Romney.To the days when OBAMA was still a Kenyan.
I'm afraid that this complacency is something I can't shake
Extra staff to be deployed to tackle Heathrow immigration crisis
Thanks!
See you soon!
so excited !!
if you knw that about KI as a 14 yr old, you should be gambling or rung a NBA team not a spwriter, did you wte this 45 yr go?
Back In the chi
Higher ed as a mashup, a potluck: all share what they're good at.
Neighbor's poorlyinstalled downspout is causing water problems under our patio.
How do we broach this topic politely?
Want her to fix asap
SO AWESOME.
Hey bro, you and brocha been in my prayers everynight...
have you gotten your banner yet for Saints Season?
www.worldchampionfans.com
Traffic slowly inching down S.
Spring Street.
No right turns permitted.
RIP Davy Jones
I Roll up:
What did you guys think of this week's JerseyShore?!
I cannot believe the Ron  Sam doctorma is still going on.
Reply with your thoughts!
Im About To Make A Beat From The Song We Are The People By Empire Of The Sun!
rock opera for my 20th...symphony for my 21rst
thank you!
How was yours?
Thanks for the follow and !
Is it from Posh Bagel?
yummy.
What players did she talk to this time?
RT if you will come to my twitcam friday will be singing five original songs including the.one I wrote special for Ariana
i got all this string at my house!
For No REASON !
Pretty Hot And Tempting.
;
DeWayne Robertson was a defensive tackle.
Can it please rain?
According to the Las Vegas Sun, Tuesday May 15 will be Wrangler Day, w a ceremony and the whole shabang.
Pretty damn cool if you ask me.
haha its pretty weird cua this is my secong twitter and um..
i wrote this lol :
Seeing what everyone got for Christmas proves how poor I am
bahaha!
Damn right!
I don't call that desperate I call that resourceful lmao!!
gotta coach my 7 n 8 yr olds tonight........
love passin down my baseball expertise
go dad!!
do you doctoram in color?

You don't even start and you think your the shit
Thanks, love!
Miss you.
xoxo
Nawl im talking bout you boo
I gotta wanderlust itch this morning..
either way I'm in it
how much?
I have a we the kings show at 5 ahah
This whole cory thing makes me so mad, seriously
When am I hittin the vortex with ?
New week of work!
Excited for all the changes and opportunities.
Amazing song in the works with
did you see Steve smith?
I'm on his side
CBS Sunday Morning professorles workout guru Bobby Hinds and never mentions Madison, even with a final shot of the state capitol!
Lebron passes again!!!!!
Get ready for Stephan Naysmith
So I was at tgif's earlier and this fine ass snow bunny kept looking at me
Big week ahead.
Final exams, Black Keys concert, and Milwaukee Press Club awards dinner.
Fingers crossed for good results.
Commencement at was wonderful, couldn't be more proud of our graduates.
Now it's off to to do it again tomorrow!!
Lots of great companies at the TechCareerExpo over this week!
Yea, so I guess I suppose 2 wait
ted2012 introverts Three calls to action by Susan Cain.
1 Stop the madness for constant group work
Why are freshman so damn loud?.....
it's just stupid.
Need to vent.
Ugh.
Loved Miranda in Merrily We Roll Along tonight.
I saw 18 posts on Facebook about the rainbow in Birmingham earlier tonight!
17 days left
Do protestors actually think they'll be respected when they block traffic downtown?
It's like a child who lays down and kicks to get candy.
Thanks for the follow!!
Stay tuned for our next contet!!
Lots of  to be won!!!
I'm in the mood for a Peter Pan collared doctorss.
You should come see some of the stilllocked chases of posters by Globe at MICA from the 80s and 90s.
man i been patient with them for months  months..
That's enough.
Can't let people just keep kickin me down.
Hey everyone, Stubs is going to take a bit of a break.
I'm sorry to disappoint those of you that watch.
Big shout out to my guys over at ..
I think the best part about last night's TNA Sacrifice event was that Hulk Hogan, Eric Bischoff, and Garrett Bischoff weren't a part of it.
also plausible
Finally got back into my account.
Not sure what happened there.
lol...
S/o to all the niggas that thought boosie was out
Some of the Craziest International Moves Going Down at
I can deal with people asking us to hit 'em up on facebook  follow them on twitter but if ask me to follow you on tumbler I will stab you.
Enjoy a nudist discount vacation 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
I would love to speak w/ you about your experience in the JD program, my plans are to pursue one once I complete the PhD
Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers  World Champions  Super Bowl 45!
Thank you for bringing the Lombardi trophy home!
I don't give a shit about Harry Potter.
Word on the street dates will be announced after the symphony tour which ends on the 10th
Looking forward to listening to at the for the State of the City Addoctorss!
You REALLY need your hair thinned, says my mother, who has threatened to kill me for the last ten years for wanting to do just that...
wh...who are you?
haha he's not even a jumpoff  I just use him to keep the creeps away ;
Whenever I see people riding bikes with coffees in their hands, I want to call their mothers.
Blondes have more hair than darkhaired people do.
RT : Asking John McCain for advice on picking a running mate is like asking John Edwards for marriage counseling.
We want to hear from YOU!
What activities would you like to see featured as our outing of the month?
Let us know!
LOVING the fxchannel.
Back to back superhero movies!
No better way to spend this lazy Sunday!
aw, thank you so much, girl!!
When had to change her icon to an old lady because she lost a bet with
Barry Hinson: I just witnessed the best practice I've seen in 4 years on staff at Kansas.
I'm ecstatic about how focused we were.
One of the best matches I've seen in a LONG time.
Please make my twit experience moar enjoyable.
Moar twits, you tweet!
If an older woman going after a younger man is called a cougar, is an older man going after a younger man called a Nittany Lion?
Too soon?
RT Epic game 7.........the NHL rules all of Earth......
Here's to a great Stanley Cup Finals.
You are so right!
If Matt will show Ethan the video, Ethan will be like Blablabloopblap ; Lmao.
Sorry I keep bombarding you with all of this music.
I use to promote bands, so I live for underground music.
Lol.
you can't go nuts on the zooming, or you make folks dizzy.
done right, it's visually fun.
Yes, I am Prek, I also teach 1st and 2nd grade split
How many people does it take to close a binder 3 wow
Totally ignoring mfs all day; if not one of my five brothers or nine sisters; KEEP THAT SHIT MOVING;
Now it is time to get serious......
MAKING COOKIES!
Whoo hoo!
Im making tiny sugar cookies with cherries on them for church tomisterow.
thanks for the referral!
We are actually doing some good deals for grad parties.
Hope to hear from her!
Hey was up.
Are you ready to get it tomorrow?
RT The charms of the passing woman are generally in direct proportion to the swiftness of her passing.
So true indeed!
Only Pierce, Garnett and Bradley in double figures.
Crazy.
My sisters are delusional they went shopping while i was at work and bought 11pairs of shoes.
And none not even one is mine Smh.
July 31 is going to change my life.
join us today for free post highlight tapes and photos
LAUGHIN MY MUTHAFUCKIN ASS OFF ....
is that what you THOUGHT ?!?
NEXT ....
I hate everyone.
It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich
love you!
Everyone go retweet my last tweet if we're really friends...
Pinterest has become a significant problem for me.
OMG, that is brilliant/delicious/beautiful and I must make/eat/buy it NOW!
I feel u RT : frustratingmoment when I'm looking for my cd and my mom has it in her car and she's not home...
Mountain bike in the morning and business plan competition reading in the afternoon.
Good times!
2 more days until carolina serve up this ass whoopin
Thanks for including our latest blog post!
Glad to connect.
Immature people....
these girls be fighting over boys!
LOL , its not like he want you ...
RT : As part of NYWA's 20th Anniversary Celebration series, we have two events in May that we hope you will celebrate......
You just said the WRONG thing at the WRONG time!!!
hahaha
writing an essay at midnight?
due pretty much as soon as i'm done with it?
gee, this sounds and feels like college.
i will never learn.
I've entered my credit card information enough times for the entire city to run broad street.
Still no success!!
they have the same issue the Bucks have.
They just play harder
after hours worksession in the msuwide center for soontobe old time's sake
I've never looked at him that way...
3 I should just sleep right now, while this lasts.
HEB's Central Market.
Tom just got me a birthday cake from them last week.
It was excellent!
I know who you are.
Happy valentines day!
: just sent my boyfriend the longest text ever..
haha :P
I'm getting bored of the same old thing.
I need something new in my life !
do tell!
Yes!
Especially the second book in the series.
You won't catch a whale with a worm...I beg to differ..
Oh sorry i forget ur not spanish lol it means whatz the matter?
Tomorrows my birthday;
Thank you for all the mothers you have protected, served and saved in the world with your unselfish work and talents.
Foreplay is the greatest song that they put in Standing Sideways.
I can't get over how perfect that is.
RT if you have golf plans this weekend!
Goosh how boring lesson .
I wanna sleep .'
I'm loving Kathy Griffin's show.
She looks the best she ever has and half the time you want to shake her and then the other half, hug her.
: Ron Artest won't shake James Harden's hand?
I guess his elbow still hurts after Harden head butted it.
: All in all though, so happy with SUPER FUN NIGHT pilot and huge thanks to everyone involved!
heard amazing things good luck!
Every time I eat left overs my body rejects it like its one of the baba's kids smh .
Just started watching S01E01 of GameofThrones on the flight out; , nice work playing Jon Snow.
ah, sorry, and no, you didn't sound like Jason, more like Rosenthal!
np thanks for following back!
Thank you and for for joining for a busy but fun AIGA50 judging weekend!
my mom duznt wantz me to make pups but ize don't haf to do that
And back to studying.
Good luck on the rest of your finals everyone!
3 days until sweet summer bliss!!!!!
No chance the dodgers are worth 2 billion dollars.
Magic Johnson should have saved his  for a basketball team
congrats on the title!!
I watched a little of it on TV, you played great.
Rep hard!
So how do I make a R34 legal in the US?
and thanks for the ff love!
Jackson  wow!
But I'm telling the world now  an outfielder is going to break an arm on that railing at Yankees stadium...
fix that
Have you taken care of yourself today?
10 manicure 10 shampoo  set
RT: : With such a musical family, it's no wonder has a pure passion for the craft and an undeniable stage presence:
I heard get well
3 of UK fans  1015 of other schools
lmao!
Where you headed?
missed your last TW.
ALA only costs 25 for exhibit only.
It's worth it!
is The Kolache Factory sponsoring sonething?
Lol!
I need to take you on a tour of Texas.
For a business to survive and thrive, 100 percent of all the systems must be functioning and accountable.
For example: An airplane is a...
NOT THE BUBLE!
gag
We're coming to San Antonio, TX in April!
More details coming soon.
hahaha yeah.
Raven isn't important enough for a whole tweet if it's just her being a lesbian lol
I thought the event could've been way more organized especially for people with judging tickets.
We barely got to try anything!
We should get a point for a player in the goal right?
Not that it would have helped!
GIRLS NIGHT!!!!!
seriously!
I am not stocked up for 2012.
Vampire's more of a metaphor for STDs.
Never heard the mermaid one, though.
That's interesting.
BBQ restaurants.
wish tupac wouldve written a book instead of getting shot
RT You know it's Monday when you wake up, and it's Tuesday  Garfield.
This one says it quite well don't you think?
FavoriteSportsRant Chris Berman on the set of Sunday night football
wutz good fam say can i dm you a beat?
Well it's a good thing Glen Has coloring books to color leftover from his last Mario Kart Meetup til servers are back.
You do that again yur goin to tha bench
First name: Dysean.
Was he named after a botched abortion
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US!
UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM.
MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS.l!
don't tweet and doctorve'
Wow!
Been since Feb 26th since Miss Muffet has tried to walk on her injured hind leg, she finally started to do that!
Good morning new followers!!!!
Remember we need your help, add the logo of your website or any website!
Do some searches!
Enjoy!
hugs coming your way buddy.
is talking about moving next door to me, prime 
ThoughtsDuringSchool..: This History Book is racially biased as a motherfucker!
Makin' Spanish Conquistadors heros is BULLSHIT!
Just got bak from grocery store and got me somistersnicker's ice cream yum
Childoctorn's Place contest.
PLEASE vote 4 my baby.
The site is childoctornsplace.promo.eprize.com/model/ Her photo IDs 464832, 454960  454968
that would be fun :D
Just databased an 8track on which Liberace performs the Overture From Tommy  the Who fan in me would love to hear THAT!
Nothing's a failure  if you've got 30 people really engaged, you've got something.
learn 
I have family there, so I thought we could hang
recording wish i could get yo big head ass over here lol
found the quietest place on campus
my goal for tonight is to learn this on the piano
so good!
Is it bad that I have all of these on my computer?
Sitting by open windows...reading...enjoying a gorgeous day.
Contemplating a walk.
Can't tell what's its going to be in 5 years for social shopping but we're going to enjoy the ride 
Thanks!
We're a social animal!
RT love how you guys are taking social media by storm.
I'm a country boy at heart.
Kinda In A Good Mood Today , 3 :
Thanks bunds!!!!
And you already know I'm getting down!!!
: : RT : Congrats to my girl party!
Ooh, love the idea of Egyptophilia making a comeback.
Can someone make that happen?
Looking forward to a week in NYC hanging out and plotting world dominance with my awesome sister
My Producer Come Back Monday So FWM Cuddy
hmm never had a problem with the service.
The food is always great.
: Love him or hate him, you gotta respect Big Ben.,yep
I would have paid big PPV rates if they had kept behindthescenes cameras running during that last commercial break.
Jc said goodnight to me3 way to end my night:
In the words of my mother 'It is hot to trot.'
How is Damn Kobe trending?
Should be Damn Faried,,,is have a helluva game!
Can't imagine we'll be outside for the procession tomorrow.
It's freezing.
How should I observe or celebrate Cinco De Mayo today, LA?
There must be something!
:
I love you.
RT : In honor of the Hunger Games I ate a lot.
word ; RT mw2012 is almost like being there.
And I can wear my pajamas.
If Um in your starting 5 you will neva need a Sub
How Was Your Friday The 13th?:
Well hey there!
:P
Rebuilding my etsy shop.
Will have updates!
hmm, was just gonna leave work but maybe i'll stay...the photos of weather in MKE are creepy!
Still sun here!
Forever is a lie.
All we have is what's between hello and good bye..
Trying to stay productive until downtonabbey at 9, but the sofa is calling my name...
Happy Birthday hope you have a great day!!!
Twitter has been my saving grace.
Positive culture w intrinsically motivated educators.
Best PD I've had.
Don't bore :
RT : Daniel Kraft: the 4P of the new era of medicine: Predictive, Preventative, Personalized, Participatory at
RT : Cavs guard Kyrie Irving expected to be named Rookie of the Year on Monday, according to Marc Stein of ESPN
U r a genius :
We're ready for you then!
Finally Peace and quiet my dad and bro were yelling at each other again
If I Die Tomorrow  I'd come back to earth in ghost form and watch Harry walk around the house.....
; ifyouknowwhatimean 3
Getting ready to make a batch of homemade salsa!!
Who wants a jar?!
;
Let compromise.
I'll signs your prenuptual agreement when you masters the concept of subjectverb agreement.
Aladdin and Beauty and The Beast and home alone, yet I want you to text me while I'm alone but I guess not./:
Awww miss you!
thanks Luv!
My dad passed away last Sunday.
Rereading Ionesco's Exit the King; I pass by this book in the library often enough.
It truly is a masterpiece of absurdism and truth.
Since 8am, running metal saws on the front of the building.
I work nights, you filthy pigs.
Early morning run with the homie ..
I'm 'suffering' from Cat On Keyboard syndoctorme this pm.
All very cute, but it's not making the writing any easier.
Throw him off or give in?
hth2012 Poheler had great talk, doing interpretation will data collection.
nice way of tying documentation practices with interpretive goal
Gonna get in the pool with my baby girl
You can forget facts, you can't forget understanding.
:  My smiey face has a mustache.
RT and follow me if you think this is too cute.
Upholstery Cleaning Miami Beach  Call Toll FREE: 1866970CLEAN
rat ass niggaz sweet like kandy remind me of brandy wanna b dwn ass niggaz
hmu later if ur mixer blows I'll give u the addoctorss to our party.
Or bars?
Joyce's home !!
tawny port to the rescue
It's a very interesting topic.
I love the disruption happening in this space.
But I also see the potential for exploitation by cons.
oh wait, Product, you said.
Yes, I always use Product.
Is is hip or back pain?
Hip pain is largely in the groin and not in the back.
Come try out our popular class this Saturday at 8 am !
Schneakyyyyy!
Like a gato!
Thanks for catching this one!
We just fixed it.
When she cries I'll be there to cheer her up soon as I make her smile nigga u kno u done fucked up
Every one floats down here!!!!!!
food and loving yourself  was pretty amazing  I came out really trying to listen to my body again about what it wants to eat
Trying not to buy funnel cake!

Santa saw your Facebook  this year, he's getting you clothes for christmas.
lmao
Anyone have a reccomendation for my mom?
She needs an orthopedic doctorspine specialist.
Thanks!
Enjoy the travels Tony and also
RHODE ISLAND LOVE WHAT WHAT.
They'll tell you to get Del's, I say doctornk coffee milk.
Wednsdays vegetarian feature is being picked right now...
Roots farm succatash.
For dessert cut charantais melon.
Cant get fresher.
Ive officially been a Dallas resident for 1yr now and still need to use my GPS!!
Yes!
we want her back.
RT Holly!
it may be 420 BUT we like the number 620.
That's how many individual performance are in
peoples serious problems rather than my hanger issue..
And when i said bitch i just meant a angry and rude person i
make my night by tweeting me?:
Bosh is getting straight owned in this game.
Joakim just too much.
I have no clue.
I just awkwardly laugh...that's what I've done all day !
Lol.
:D
Butter cake therapy?
Stay sweetish!
they'll promise fancy cars,  diamond rings.
all sorts of shiny things, but girl you'll remember what your knees are for.
Follow me : i follow back xD
You tweet and text!?
We all did different things ranging from labor to canoodle.
ps Addoctorss, sir!
After a long day, theres nothing better than relaxing during our serenity stretch class.
Phew, now that feels better.
Aw your so sweet; 3
Dawn is a fearless girl?
HA!
She's more like a spineless whore!
Wanted, by Hunter Hayes gotta be one of the dopest tracks out right now.
Kentucky opens up MAN TO MAN!!!
yessir thanks.
How you feel about Plaxico saying Browns are one of 4 teams he wants to play for?
Have a good week!
Heading to after a sweet night of abmb art and people watching!
What will the day bring?
Great retreat today.
So many thanks to all my colleagues, and to for introducing me to our wonderful consultants!
This would be interesting/frightening.
Wishing there was a Shazam for smells...
'what am I smelling right now?' /via
It was blast.
I feel blessed being able to meet so many amazing people
Many companies give a referral bonus to current employees.
Those employees WANT you hired  will help you.
hfchat'
Do bumble bees pee?
lol I've been busy, but I definetly hit u up this week...
And I wasn't coverin anything up lol
off to happy hour....m beer
yes how did u know now I'm going to have to Change it
The answer is yes
We heart all librarians equally!
Thanks for the work you do.
hmm then just followjerry with him tagged, you up for it?
:
Could i get a follow also??Love ya cnt wait for u guys to come to texas forthe BWUSUMMERTOUR?AH SO EXCITED?
Thanks, we think so too.
:
Holy wars are often decided on the prophet margin.
if you are still in Madison you should check out Mickies Dairy Bar.
I'm here...I'm here.
Was having a great time with my new bf but we had a huge fight over my ex and now I'm sad.
How are you?
Thanks to Aaron Edwards for today...Legend!
Oh and Joan Danny Wagstaff
for the past nights..ive been doctoraming of him...
Interesting demographic.
I suspect the gov't involvement  distribution is the big factor in BC.
rp for Kailey?
We haven't rped them in awhile
Happy Bday to the dude that woke me up at 2a.m.
to sleep on my floor of my bedoctorom
Got a new botdf braclet and Falling in Reverse album!!!
:D
So right after my last tweet, healthy eating followed me..
0o
: It's January and I'm grilling.
In Boston.
The trend hit cinci too adam
Relevance showing strength : SoLoMo 75 of smartphone owners are doing a local, mobile search.
dsum12
thank you, I will!
And thanks for all your help!!!
:D
Congratulations to Lana and Teddy Oso for winning our Pet Escort Gift Certificate at the yesterday!!
It's getting so depressing!
...
but that might not be enough?
Some really love Seinfeld characters.
Not me, though I loved watching them.
when girly?!
I need to see yo beautiful self
Do you think that would work?
Just a link to a blog or Smister
Will  Kate got a cocker spaniel...
: Oprah has one, i guess i'm just one of those super cool ppl that has a cocker...
mine's the cutest
: people believe if information is important it will find me
Performed for Robin Leach this evening at Wonderground.
Fun spending time with him again in person.
Ugh I Really Need To Eat Something...
Tonya Harding is gross.
hope everything is going well, good lookin out yo boy H
This is actually a pretty recent change.
Would have to look into history behind bill that mandated this I think.
Another great day for a ride!
Let us know if we can help you in any way!
Open until 8!
1 month since visiting and 11 months until our next visit
I sometimes miss a lot of great tweets because there are soo many ppl on my twitter lol but I see you tweerhearts!!
:
working for the would be heaven for me.
I live sports, one of those girls who acts like a lady but thinks like a man :
haha thanks!
I've actually been checking that exact thread every single day lol
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot you'll skyrocket my airconditioning bill.
Come to the Archives Fair at VCU's Cabell library, tomorrow from 11am2pm!
VSU will be there with lots of other archives from across VA.
my tractors sexier than yours!;
: It's time to dismiss the distance and have a connection of extreme completion.
Retiring OSUMB director Jon Woods just learned he will dot the i at halftime today.
Maybe soon;
hahaha dont want you getting into any trouble :
Jupiter, planet of Blessings  Abundance just went Direct in the sign of Taurus Full speed ahead!
Go for your Heart's Desire, you'll get it!
I hate people.
I hate people.
I hate people.
I hate people.
I hate people.
Holy.
Some people, I swear.
G.M.N.I.: Two weeks.
Three days.
God willing.
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
One.
Me.
And thats assuming I'm home.
DAME press release next month, same day as HatersMotivation release April8th2012.
BIG NEWS..
In 2011, impacted 901 girls with the support of 271 adult volunteers in Madison Co.
DM if you have other ??
you look just like my older sis in your pic.
Crazy.
Weren't you the one that asked me?
haven't seen Coach Price in years...he looks the same!
please take in consideration other people's feelings and keep your thoughts to yourself.
Fact of the Week: The December 1911 phone bill for Planting Fields was 12.75, that's 202.94 today.
we tried it when we first opened, but sprung too many leaks.
;
We can totally pull this off I'm so excited
Grew up in a house of baseball fans that were casual football fans.
Didn't get into football until my late teens.
I'm so tired
amen I Agree
Rockin my favorite shades in my new professorpic :
I hope they play some 98 Degrees One Night Una Noche for Cinco de MaYOLO!
that view is so pretty it looks fake!
I can talk to paola about anything ah Love that gurl 3
People were created to be loved, things were created to be used; 1/2
lunch afterwards this Wed?
The 80's.
I think it's changed since then.
skillet for friendship
My CDC class was fantastic today...put a lot into perspective for me and reminded me why im here.
:
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  23
Puked...
adding that to the list of future baby names
Is today the day that we find out if they go or if they stay?
Who knows
FF on yo tl follow everyone I mention for a quick gain x 10 let's go.
thank you sir!
Same!
My brother and I can't stop watching it.
: It's so addictive!
Ok...lol...oops, I forgot, I gotta work.
Lol
Already placing blame on me!
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 67
Didn't get a chance to talk this morning.
I am in Learning and Development at Wells Fargo.
Will catch you next month.
Great pics too!
capital idiot
Right is right.
I don't worry about you, I just keep up with you, then I surpass you!
Had a nice dinner with my lovely wife and very close friends at The Cannery in Sun Prairie.
Now watching the Brewers go for 4 in a row.
we need more bad bitches in the world and more real men
Is A Truee Fashionistaa.
Gotta Give It To Ha.
I Get So High I Fuck Around And Wanna Leave The Function
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
Oh no!
One of my friends is allergic to all fruits with the exception of strawberries.
Thank you!
Very grateful for all the success 'Briefcase' has had so far!
OH MY GOD, I NEED FRIENDS!
Interesting, we're going to have to check these out!
Who's winning the boxing match?
How dare they do you injustice by casting Channig Tatum?
ah.
Sounds productive.
It's actually only 12:15 here, and I was up watching the DVRed Jazz game, which was a huge bummer.
Along with our Veterans, I'd like to thank  honor the families who share in the sacrifices  challenges.
I love the coolcreekconcerts Can I get a follow back from my favorite bands!?
Boston Bruins announce the release of Marty Turco and the subsequent signing of a Red Cross CPR dummy as replacement.
Legless but better.
I think my sched is clear for ass kicking
Gotta love all these outlets crediting for the Obama  girlfriend picture they're stealing from it
O.O
How can you have fun on your CTA commute?
Get the TransitChatter App.
MadMen AT LAST :D
www.facebook.com/thecompetitionchicago ADD US
I'll pick my moment.
Maybe the last day, just to give a lasting impression for people to remember me by.
Thanks!
I will check it out!
follow back?
Love when I see people over 50 texting like its no tomorrow.
I hear a small monthly donation helps heal it
i took that long ass nap  still sleepy.
smh,,
Chris Wilcox is still in the NBA?
News to me...
Thank you for featuring the French Dog!
I love hearing my mom tell story's when I was little in Mexico c:
Life is fun when your gone
Looking forward to seeing your talk at CSA.
I'm giving one about phone phreaking in the 60s and 70s.
Hackademics!

New York Jets and Denver Broncos complete trade for quarterback Tim Tebow
Who ya gonna turn to when everyone turns on you ...
I've used Vista Print a few times...pretty good and inexpensive.
I have an addiction to the doctornks sweet tea and lemonade.
I just discovered Arnold Palmer.
let me know what's next..
i relive every single word.
every mistake i made.
everything is my fault.
i would still have you.
/3
I never learn
Teacher: What is your skills you have gained in you life so far?
Me: The skill of being a BADASS enough said!
I know, right?
Mike and I just cracked up.
Feeling the need to shop!
Apparently Anthro is having a sale....
Nothing better than loving the space you're in ...
and how you fill it :

Memphis would have been nice to see
Hey, check out my sweet videos on youtube.
I've got some nice shots by the water...
lots of panning..
aww I went to there game the same day as the concert even they lost it was a good game Joe made a home run
gathers posse
yaaaay my dad is coming to see me this weekend :
you going to the game?
At Social Technology in Education Conference today 
surprised it wasn't go.bucks :
welcome to twitworld!
:
Test time for my marketing students.
im so in love with and oh and randyortan:
Valentines day dance...
im ready to be a complete loner YAAAAY!
:
Support in the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
Just tweet: Dj MSGCSB and
Singerpianist Tom Shaw entertains SF Bay Area assistedliving residents w/the great music of 1920s1960s Broadway, radio, movies  more!
I bet!
Unfortunately my paper is on peasantry and their reaction to modernization in Europe in the 1900's based off of 5 books :
I've never seen Passion Of The Christ
you mean warm sweaty balls?
So excited to begin my week with 500 followers.
Y'all are the best!
Just introDDuced....Steak.....Veggie....and all Southwest!
RT : Do you have new Burritos?
what are you doing this Friday?
hahah yes.
Yes it is
I'm soo tierd of everything and everyone at the moment .
Moment of silence for all the soldiers that didn't make it to 2012.
R.I.P.
I hate loving someone so much, and them loosing them.
Worst feeling ever.
I no its so true.
it's gorgeous!
RT : Congratulations to the Meatballs from WAKA's Florida Beach Division, winners of the SoFLA kickball Open 2010!
Must Be Nice  Lyfe Jennings
I do what I can :.
And I wouldn't expect you to have it in there any other way :P.
I wished I could be like some girls and just throw my hair up in a ponytail and not care at all
Dear Weekend, I always want to be with you.
Please don't let the weekdays take you away from me.
Yours forever, Me...
Pretty sure this isn't the Cubs year!
dude you know i will lol
Anyone know anything awesome happening tomorrow?!
I am trying to plan the night of Bachelor Ben's life!!!
Terrific set of projects.
See you in NY any time soon?
kids Mother's Day Lights Out!
at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 7:30p: Is your mother the adventurous type?
Sign up for a special adventure at...
Doing a restaurant crawl in City Centre.
Eddie V's was fabulous in the V Lounge.
Now at Flemings.
Where next?
Here at Voracious.
What a cluster bomb.
RT damn, it feels good to be a gangsta.
Braces didn't make Austin hot.
Austin made braces hot.
n yall call'n me rap.........but i kno ima lot mo diff n a lil mo gifted.....
ever thought of managing Christian Artist?
Hey Hon and how are things by you???
Fingers crossed we all have something huge heading towards us...
Um..
You know what I mean..
we do too!
I know, right?
When did we all become adults?
sent them to Mike hit him up if not I'll email it to you as soon as I get back home
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Can you help!
SkipsTebowBandwagon John Elway should be tuned into COME AS YOU ARE to Tebow's Bandwagon, we forgive :.
whats your addiction
This is the most confident I've ever felt about a test ever!
Great show today.
So pumped for the season and that ballpark!
jus watched that on tv...
Kotsay still doin it
put your pants on!
Awesome, congrats!
Tell people my last name why dont ya!?
It's fine!
Lol
they're playing it right now!!
Frederica WilsonFL, you and your hats are a joke.
Get the facts before you run your mouth.
You are a perpetuating race baiter.
Stop out at the South Metroliton Business Association Expo this Thursday, 4 to 6 upstairs at the Coliseum bar.
Visit me at the professorssiona
You Wanna Come Out South .?
Football weather not golfing outside!
So whos everyone have the Great Ted Thompson Taking tonight?
Where the WI Guys going?
Everyone stay away from the new DM says twitter is going to start charging click this link!
Don't do it!
it's aye okay sometimes mine gets warm on the bottom and i get scared my new sheets are gonna light on fire imgondie JK
Your so lucky to have great diners in NYC!
Still looking for a job!
ill follow them if you follow and they make amazing music too 3 21 :
Interested in law school?
Meet UM Carey Law Admissions Officer tonight at Univ.
of Rochester 6:307pm in the May Room, Wilson Commons
Of all the races how cum it gota b a black person w/ a wavecap in the doctorwing 4 the vocab word felony??
Cue the Christmas in march tweets
is this your night for ICE?
enjoy!
I'm so excited bones it back!!
Thx 4the 100's of emails have rcv'd in response to the 'Privacy' website launch  those anxious to see it in the theater.
Am truly humbled
BieberRapsBetterThan Nobody!
Wrap that shit up..
Thanks for the Twitter Love :
HM wins for sexiest commercial :.
Polar bears and anything with dogs in competition for cutest!
Whats going on?
How fucking stoked are you guys to hear this new song?
if we can I will!
But teenfest will stream it live to!
But yeah I'm sure will be posting pre show videos
think he'd want to remain on GB's staff as a coach after this is all done?
It's interesting that athletes are forbidden from promoting their sponsors in social media
Jesus replied: 'Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.' Matthew 22:37
My son has insomnia, I'm sure of it.
Babys get insomnia , right?
/
do you still have my phone ?
I Still Love My Ex, But I Dont Know How To Tell Him Cause Every Time I See Him I Blush
If I wanna cut, let me.
It's my escape.
It helps ME.
Never expect things to happen.
Its better to feel surprised than dissapointed.
lol it's actually a song 
oh no!
that's not good.
i hope you're alright darlin'
UC Davis chancellor says she was concerned for the safety of the peaceful protesters.
Right...Sic the police on them...that will help.
How about a shoutout for the talented and her awesome fans?!
My pleasure  thank YOU!
Cast an enthusiastic vote for you for the Saveur award!
:
Just picked up the for the TEDxChange Sacramento event at !
Looks and smells so delicious!
thanks momma i love you so much!!!3333
Man wishing I could get a loan for 2000 so I can stay in this apartment.
No job, and going out of my mind.
That massage therapist literally tucked me in and told me I was doing a good job.
It was pretty great.
Usher thats what its made for
thx 2 SunTimes 4 printing  BMarshall you rock!
So glad ur in Chicago where ur messages will b heard by more peeps.
So good that we are both in a food coma!
What is KUC?
GOOD AFTERNOON WARRIORS!!!!!!!!
It's the first day of class, it must feel
gshit i hate waking up with a headache
Just watched trailers for several big 2012 movies.
Looks like the Mayans were right.
Watchin behind the music on biggy smalls...and this detective had some good leads on suge knight but lapd refuse to take on the case smh.
Antony, I'll definitely look him up, thanks for the response!
so tired stayed up til 4am getting my hair done now thats dedication
Damn, HGHS just tried us
BITCH.
xD have fun at rotr though!
Heading out for a few days off; radio silence until next week.
Have a great weekend, everyone.
I wish I could tweet some questions I receive on my Yelp account :
ADAM JONES with a MONSTER BLAST to put the O's up in the 15th inning!
oriolesmagic feel it happen!
