I'm excited to see you on the show!
Happy Monday to the most recent tweeters on our feed 
Good morning every one and god bless...
A high tech scriptorium will be featured at our exhibition, allowing visitors to examine the scrolls more closely, via touchscreen kiosks.
Sounds like you are determined to be an NBA apologist.
Refs determined the outcome of the game.
Stats R 4 Losers.
well ya know how we roll VampireLife !
Swollen hands and swollen feet, this can't be good
Food Court next Sunday....
let's hang out together...
one for the newsroom, one for me.
o really?
Locking down new partners.
Business looks strong right now.
Wildness n class wit
Jenn Herrera from just read Green Eggs and Ham to the Kids...they loved it!
And here we go with the political debate!
The idea of a trip is both exciting and yet almost throws me into a bit of a panic...
OH OK CRACKIN?
I guess more professorundly the phrase should go.
Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to destroy your nature.
I'd accept spacecowboy.
Thanks for the help and we appreciate all you do for
I am no ManU fan.
Can't stand 'em.
But if they and MCFC tied at end of regular season, why goals tiebreaker, and not playoff?
restart did help, thanks!
I'm like a statue Stuck staring right at you You got me frozen in my tracks.
redesign is going to take some getting used to  the narrow middle column is hard to track
Feasting on fresh manna with Perry Stone.
I think I missed the first tweet.
Who isn't kidding about what?
Obvs Kate and I are kidding about everything.
Lol i don't like this :
Snow days R just as fun as adult as they were when kid.
Spending Xtra time on animationmentor assignment
I could not have asked for a more relaxing evening after this day.
Sitting on my porch, with nature, reading.
I am so tired.
Tired of talking.
Tired of listening.
Tired of lies, excuses.
Tired of games.
Tired of waiting.
I am looking for BRAVERY!
At the Brookland metro station with team members to promote my platforms.
Real Experience.
Real Commitment.
Real Results.
publishinginnuendo RT : I always appreciate a friend helping me finish off a manuscript.
Oh..
Is that it?
I knew it had to be something like that.
Thanks!
Crap!
crap again!
The concern is that overconsumption turns into total immersion.
It is impt to maintain time to interact and assist social dev.
why yhu leave me at work alone !
:
plllzzz follow me I been waiting fir mad long now :
we can't wait to shoot you and Briggs!
:
How did your race go?
So Right, So True.
Thanks for a great day doctorving back from YPO.
I've totally had that happen before too!
What will MITT ROMNEY'S movie be named?
It could be called TOP 501 WAYS TO GET BUSTED ON YOUTUBE OR BY THE MEDIA WITHOUT HAMBURGER HELPER.
i love my best friends!
on dat note..
good night!
Going to get my glasssesss.
:
lol, thanks!
; free this week for some girl chat time?
I love you babe n.n
According 2 FOX, all Veterans deserve highest respect we can give; except doctorRon Paul, a genuine Patriot of the 20th degree, who is rejected
yea one of the best I've seen in a while, it's gonna be tough for the dark knight to top that.
Did u like it?
OK jokes on me, right?
RT : I'm hearing from multiple sources that the Redskins have agreed to terms with FAWR Eddie Royal.
We Wish u luck!
RT : thanks for following.
hopefully my nonprofessort can get it's feet off of the ground soon
Why are some USF players missing the emblem on their jersey's?
Omigosh..
is rightpoor little forcedtoprotest baby wearing a sinner tee shirt.
Curiouser and curiouser.
It looks to be a fire hose.
What about me Steve?
What are your plans for Milwaukee?
!!!
RT : Why are those with private social media some of the nosiest people on social media?
Never understood that.
Pulp Fiction
hornbook  cliffs notes for law students.
:
Yep.
That's just what I was thinking, a custom jquery slider with parallax.
Fun to see the creativity fly back and forth.
Why we don't get along?He's a skittle and I'm a dark cloud.......sht don't mix
Remembering Mike Ward  Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Remembering Mike Ward Tucson Citizen by Andy Morales on Jan.
07, 2012, under Sports
hell yea cowboys!!!
where u working girl?
you guys on lunch break now, when does chad go on?
Already am!
haha :
I saw it, how sexual O.o lol
wow!
Thanks!!
hey Tyler, thanks for the message I'm sure no one is saying bad things about us.
How could they we are doing awesome things!
hey follow back?
Terrific show at Crackers in BRip kicking off in one hour.
is your headliner and features!
Ladies in free w/rsvp!
Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it.
better yet what does it smell like under that week old pizza dough of a belly.
Omg.
Leave me the fuck alone!!!
With all the 's tweets about police and fire activity I've seen recently, it's a wonder I'm still alive.
on the road all day for work...
putting he miles on the Suzuki!
I'm at Adobo this Friday night come and enjoy music on their patio with friends and cold beverages
Doing Shakespeare with the dog.
He was my Brutus, and doing very well.
Until he sat on me.
Brutus would never sit on Portia.
Bad Brutus!
Life would be great if I didn't have to rely on anyone else
it was fantabulous!
I sent you a picture!
I am moving out to Waukesha in June!
So not far, just not Milwaukee
I find something else to hate soon!
Not to worry!
RT : I'm gonna miss the embracethehate Lol
really!
I'll believe it after I watch mad men
bacon explosion  superbowl  unspeakable joy
Yes for
Ha.
I'll take that bet, assclown.
He thinks i'm weird because I have a thing of smelling his armpit always 
is so so cute in the movie karate kid!!
RT : sixmilesofhistory are putting on one classy presentation.
So proud of the cool digitization work they are doing
How can that be?
Didn't the kids just head back to school?!
RT :  I know, it's almost Halloween!
I'm great!
How have you been?
:
baseball fan nation, hells yeah...
i'm sick : make it better?
i just got home and i called u bakk
This is the first year in 3 years that I won't be with for prom!!:
God the iclightmango mango taste so much better with Then
Agreed.
We all knew the series was going to be a dogfight.
RT We split 11 in St.
Louis.
I'm fine with that
i think i have a feeling i know what you got in mind.......
haha
My last tweet: examples of good data but bad representation.
Heed the warnings!
Tonight, come on down for dinner and enjoy great holiday big band jazz with Andy Stobie and the Greater Finger Lakes Jazz Orchestra.8:00pm!
doctorving and I'm speeding
i had it for playstation.....still got it actually RT : Anybody had WCW Mayhem for Nintendo 64?
Me too.
I can't wait for the awesomeness!
: I am really excited about the face lift is gonna give my blog!
:
find yourself, before you find someone else.
Facebook is a twoway relationship, says On Twitter, there's a culture of openness.
The risk of failure is low.
Today will be our last doctor day for a while.
How are you going to enjoy it?
When life throws lemons at you....
Sometimes there's a special friend there that throws those bitches back for you :
at todayy!
Omg I'm so excited!
:D 3
love their stuff!
If I seem high, it's because I'm all hypo right now.
Ordered the neo legend from can't wait.
LMAO oh good i was gettin worried;
Keep it real with me
Are you in Little Rock by chance?
I'm heading there to meet some partners.
tells me I'm always on twitter and Facebook so you guys I'm outty let's see how long I can do this '
well it's jenn and will
what's the word at the Wood?

Wizards win this game.
WIN.THIS.GAME.
Book it.
YES IT IS AND AGREESS
good call.
i'm a little nervous about the rain/humidity for my dSLR.
prob going to bring a point  shoot too
yeah, that was going to be my first step; I've done one recently for DCPU16 so thinking about generalization too
hey friends!
happy monday...
got a lot to do, will keep ya updated with all the new  exciting things we're doing  doctorvethrustudio.com
Got it  thanks!
Shoutout 2 Local Business!
handle it then mami ;
I know most basketball fans would HATE to see a playoff game where BOTH teams have their backups on the court but I LOVE it
Come on Octavia!!!
I'm like a bird, I'll only fly away
You need to have shows in Alabama!!!!!!!!!!
Please follow me!!!!!!!!
I'll admit, I kinda miss with his
Do I even exist?
Come on SUNY schools let me in already!
Twitter gets so boring at night /:
well, at least you know it.
that's a good start.
now to make everyone else know it.
Our technicians and staff are professorssionally trained to handle all types of car repair needs.
The One Night at tonight was amazing!
I'm so glad I got to go!
If you don't have something in front of my name, no one on your TL can actually see it unless they follow ME too.
I don't think i can take another period od ms.hauer
Get ready for Social Marketing Automation to take center stage.
Happily, is way ahead of the game!
are u ok frm earlier
Love it!
Great use of coaches using social media!
agreed Perez!!
TRAFFIC ALERT  President Obama to speak at Washington Lee High School Arlington, VA around noon tomorrow
So are you :
loll I'm having fun :
Thanks for RT!
Ric Armendariz introduced me to ALIVIANE AND CHILO!
I told them to put my uncle  my boyfriends DAD on the Board.
3 I miss you.
Hopefully after the dust settles I'll have more time to talk.
you would be in love.
It's almost Nola like.
....
And they just invited me to play.
I may have to rock some DD in a bit.
Haha
Thanks, David!
I'll post some Niagra Falls pics next week.
Those old signs were AWESOME.
Very overcast sky though.
UHG FUCK THIS!
I WANT JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!
blake really..soul man..just tie a rope around a niggah neck and say ils done caught me a niggah
sorry to hear you couldn't make it.
Somehow we'll try to carry on.
what are you studying for?
yer very busy.
Howz the record coming along?
Today should be a good day.
Two classes, then mall, study, the.
baseball game 
Start off the 2012 with a great lunch!
TurnToYou is just PERFECT  I've been listening to it all day  night
: I wanna go to six flags now.
i tweeted glozell like 20 times she hates me im gonna go cry for 57 years but omg dyin
well if your not American GET THE FUCK OUT IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE WAY WE SPELL
I deffo need to make it out there.
So I made a tumblr, who else has one?
I'm only following one person and I feel like a loser XD
here is my first tweet for new twog dev
Some places don't have a cheers!
They sometimes say Irie or Bless up in Jamaica :
can you tweet me that foreign policy article you posted on Kony2012?
Like to shout out to my girl for being extremely hard working.
Congrats on this weekend
Kyrie Irving is already more clutch in the 4th than Lebron will ever be LOL
These niggas ain't hear me then?
These niggas gone hear me now!
congrats!!
What in?
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
No way.
That's classic cinema.
Any Best Fights list must contain that brawl scene.
If not, it's for shite.
any suggested articles for schools as they evaluate online learning programs for college bound to atrisk students?
Thanks!
Yep, we're getting married this Fall.
Very excited!
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.235
Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet.
were finally launching the brand new rock house website, still in beta mode though not all features are available yet.
this nig be hating on the Packers bro!
He a Lions fan!
Dont hate on us when we winning!
They average we Elite!
I like Glenora and Anthony Road!
Have fun!
well...
hello there ;
Listening to Switchfoot for three hours straight 
I use it daily!
also, are the lunchtime lightning talks at jdcdc open?
If I wanted to give one, could I?
Ariel Katz from University of Toronto I want to talk about your friend, the market
A Classic!
if you got the weed I got the light we can get high together all night.
Living the edge?
That describes every trip I take!
:
Hi Sarah!
Are you looking to move to a new apartment in Chicago?
You should.
My favorite band.
Can I share if I bring a pint of creme fraiche gelato?
Ayers: it's a myth that is standing in the way of this incredible creativity at the state an local level
Ha.
Welcome to Twitter!
Better yet, you be Dwight and I'll be Jim :
So and have all released new solo singles.
Where is Aundoctora?
day 3 for some of us who need every possible continuing education credit!
A long haul but more than worth it.
Polymer?
:P RT : Was just asked if I as referring to a wooden log cabin.
Is there another kind of log cabin?
i missed tasting 10 different chocolate bars in economics :/
Yay for being caught up!
we write down our goals/wishes for next year in a jar and seal it with the air from the previous year at exactly 11:59.
Doctor offices are scary.
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step
RIP Marilyn Glick...
thanks for making Indy a better place.

Wrapped in your covers and having the fan going 
Bad enough FBI pushing the law, but they're sneaking around trying to do it b4 public finds out, threatening companies not to oppose.
WTF!
We will be at the Rail Club tonight promoting for the show.
Come out to get your tickets and a free sampler cd!
Why would you throw your phone?
Because I have a case
just recorded vocals for new song, Doin It.
it might be done now.
might be...
I gotta wait till Friday to cop.
So poor bruh.
Lol
looks like Armon is 4th string pg?
No shot for minutes?
Liked his spark last year
Human population is a testing ground for nothing even as curious as an experiment.
We are a sideeffect of gross  willful negligence.
just went out again.
Modem...power light on, enet light on, sync flashing on and off
I don't know what you're talking about.
Now pardon me while I put this Obama shirt in eBay.
And SmartWool is totes worth going back for!
Glad we could help improve your day, !
:
am I hunched over my laptop on my couch, in boxers, jamming out to NKOTB?
yes, yes I am.
I've got the Right Stuff, oh oh oh oh, baby...
Thats pretty awesome!
People in the room next to mine are HORRIBLE.
Can't wait for them to start screaming at 4AM when they get up to catch their jetport flight.
Sorry last two tweets out of sequence.
Forgot to tag you on the originals...
o0
Damn I can't sleep : thank God I got nothing to do tomorrow
Is it Friday yet?
I'd like to see my boyfriend.
We have to be entrepreneurs of our own lives.
Entrepreneurs build success through their networks.
Reid Hoffman
And, overheard elsewhere: Little boy: But I don't care about the dead guys anymore!
Washington Monument Washington, DC
waiting for my packages to come in new speakers and car parts !
My mom ain't raise no fool
One big room full of bad bitches
for Manna.
Awesome dance
How has your opinion of cannabis changed over the years?
Pope Gregory banned the eating of eggs during Great Lent.
People boiled them for storage, feasted on them at Pascha.
On my way to the Gold Standard to stuff my face.
Is it time to sell the bulletproof Pentax 35mm camera I've had since I was 12?
Will I ever mess with film again?
: noel really ugly af' so mean loo
Everytime I try to stop smoking some bullshit happen dat make me wanna get high as fuck
WOO!
thats awesome!
what row are you in?
looking for someone in rochester that repairs pool leaks
I wonder how many people had brain embolisms from Schindler's List.
Or The Producers on Broadway.
sadata my dami!!!
Amazing japan benefit concert last night.
Kudos to all.
Off to DC tourposi music fest, a winery, capitol hill,  a church 'bout covers it
Tune in today with Randy Dean, an expert in time management and organizing email.
Some great strategies for taming the beast!
Sorry we missed it.
We are a Bethany family that goes to as well.
Looks fun.
Haven't tried this before!
I'm looking for Ian Jackman, author of EAT THIS!
and former Random House author.
Would you send me a msg?
it's ok cuz I have a iPhone also so that's the way u do it for it to work trust me k if u want me to show u
Finally out the door.
Time to take the puppy out!
signals issue are tricky.
it works and then all of a sudden just start showing signs of problem.
we'll get this fix for you
aw I think she's already home
ok can y'all just date already?
hahahahaha , definitely.
Guys are always doctormatic
Well done, Josie!
: congratulations to for getting her young woman's medallion!!
so proud of you babe!
Now were friends we've reached the climax
yeah man!
I just learned Marce will be going too.
We're getting a sitter for the kids.
It's family friendly though.
Best night of the year for a BC fan!
Not my best game...it's ok.
Got it out of the way before our next game
Level 4 leaders: what's in it for them.
Level 5 leaders channel their ego, doctorve, etc., into company  gr8er than self
hypocrite...
you're jumping in my business right now
Girl: I'm just scared you're gonna love another girl Guy: You're right.
I will.
And she will call you mommy.
At the Alamo Bowl tailgate.
Parking lot C under the C1 sign.
Cold beer, bloody mary's, bourbon and brats.
Join us.
Sic'em Bears.
to the jb concert!
But I was jk:
Welcome to the party Mike Irwin :
I'm proud to represent the Coots of America.
Does making the nw bandwidth infocontrols visual make user power structures more explicit?
Interesting thought from
I took a nap from 69.
Good morning Charles.
Welcome!!
well being the sensitive and under standing person I am I suggest you log off twitter
April 19?
And they're looking for witnesses now?
T O remember the stretch and press portible gym?
DM me
Feeling good ,feeling nice
Now hiring promoters for Miami's hottest venues DM me for details!
thank you sweety for being my 200 follower :D you're the
I See Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Me: Thank you very much.
Lady at cash register: You're welcome very much.
She's making fun of me, right?
The role of Sid Vicious is not a favorite of mine.
I can't get away from it...
what about all the films after that?
Gary Oldman
Delighted to host via Skype today after students read his novel Pop Apocalypse.
Thanks Lee!
Just watching last Saturdays Ustream.
Crying my eyes out again.
/3
Diggy Simmons goes too hard
lmao.
Me too
You going tomorrow?
Heh.
: I pass.
But thanks for your kind offer.
When Javale McGee matures, he will actually have potential to be a great player
Lol, Vinnie from Jersey Shore is going to be in Leno soon.
art.
creativity.
people who love selflessly.
join us on nov 8th in san diego.
How are you feeling now?
I love it when the bartender is just as messed up as the bar goers...
yo, not bay area, but I'm pals with a cofounder of Stylistics, this could come in handy for documentary
Yes got control of the tv.
1girl5 gays.
Whoo I actually don't know how to be gay anymore.
All I hang with is straight people.
seen.
Seen.
Next lol
Rented a D90 from for daughter's wedding last week.
Excellent prices and service.
Highly recommended.
For me, poems are at their basic level one person speaking to another.
Matthew Zapruder
That storm was amazing.
It's officially Steelers Season!
Check out the Heinz Field labels on our '09 Chilean Malbec and our '09 CA Sauvignon Blanc in the suites!
Twitter needs a Like button!
Remember, our kitchen's open whenever we're open.
Come by for some Chicken and Waffles or a bowl of NM Red Chili made fresh from the pod!
Lovely.
Can't wait to fly to JFK in two weeks.
call His Name...
O Lord Jesus....
are there good tools out there for which the bar is some investment, not the wild west in bits?
When are you getting back to the Burgh?
And the way it floats is indescribable!
CodeIsBeautifulToo RT : google alexander calder logo animation is lovely
well closes today.
get ready to see some really ugly people !
I saw a Street View car in my neighborhood yesterday; regret I didn't see it in time to moon.
thanks for follow HOB we'll do busines soon..
Do you have contact info?
Are the teachers of those classes on twitter?
You've been so lovely to answer my questions!
Being real!
That's all I'm sayin!.
Casino Madoctord sucks so bad...
leaving for PC in the doctorin 5 days while there is a current blizzard...couldn't be more siked!
Lions are fucking handsome and everybody knows it.
Guess who just got a meet and greet pass for !?
THIS CHICK RIGHT HERE!!!!
Aahhhh!!!
One thing I love about DC is on Wed  10p, the trending topics all involve America's Best Dance Crew.
You'd think by this time my phone would have figured out that yes, I mean pwned.
Talking about the health benefits of local/organic produce on Visit your local farmers market!
GOLF  WANTS TO THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
personally, original Teen Wolf for me 3 tho if i had to choose twilight i like the lead girl replaced by Audoctory Tatouhot
omg Sara!
;;;;;;; tho's are most gorgeous pic I,ve ever seen!
BtoBSocialMedia: 14 of people trust ads, while 76 trust consumer recommendations.
Thus, the power of social media for busi
Spent the day learning tunes in naperville.
Today is Ryan Braun day.
seriously.
needs to get his shit together
jr smith needs to start throwning up gang signs to make this game somewhat watchable
haha I just want a change!
Lol
addition by subtraction
RT : : Happy International Beer Day!
To alcohol!
The cause of and solution to all of life's problems.
Homer Simpson
next up: the labor report card sent to San Diego city council members.
Lorena Gonzalez explains all the F grades.
Everything went exactly the way I knew it would.
I feel better.
Playin at Euphoria Lounge tomorrow at 10:30 P.M.
if the amount of sleep i got is any indication of how this day is going to go i'm screwed.....
where do i send fanmail??
Sorry to ask u this,i know youve answered this to many ppl already.i understand if u dnt reply..:
: I read my own palm today.
It said it was going to slap you!
AMPEDha!
Yip.
Possibly best trilogy ever are the 3 Ninja turtles movies
Always best.
Decaf is silly
If you didn't get to meet the Red Stag girls yesterday, they will be back tonight at 8pm.
Come by for a great time and winn prizes!
This weekend don't forget to celebrate your freedom to read!
www.ala.org/bbooks
Today is World Health Day!
Follow The World Health Organization and participate in their online conversation
I was talking to mom who is almost 70...she said I have to go, my show is coming on I said what is it?
She said Ax men.
I laughed...
on saturday it will be exactly a month until believe omfgggggg
3 Mozzie bites before 8am, a very Australian way to start the day.
Why am I putting the Red Sox game on.
Why
i think i have a crush on my english teacher
Congrats!
An achievement well deserved...
2nd period underway, lets go Caps
Love the Jelly Taco!!
What makes Hillcrest so amazing?
Groups like the Hillcrest Town Council is one reason.
Will you help us get 100 followers by 2011?
lmao.
Sure.
doctorgs.
But you're welcome.
Btw I like your avi.
I just spent a hundoctord bucks on smallbatch whiskey.
how about an ingenious offensive set thanks to the highrise  tip from your center who went 6'6...6'9 w/ the afro
But this world just too big for a little girl.
Today in history Benjamin Franklin died on 4/17/1790 known best for discovering that lightning is electricity.
Thanks from ALL electricians
I have like 5 random country songs on my ipod!
How ima DM u if u not followin me?
A2: Uncommon Ground is pretty low key and is a nice plan to dine.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
not that hard to describe, really.
Don't let me near a couch at a crowded party.
Guess its time to open up my eyes  put my guard up again ..
HAPPY30THBEYONCE !!
: its my bday today too!
If you say the Rosary faithfully unto death,I assure u that,in spite of the gravity ofyour sins,u wil receive a neverfading crown of glory
Same place as when I was down there?
The guac was killer.
email us at customercare
Imma get that ..
I agree!
Thank you!
Glad you enjoyed the material.
fans are fanatics, wasn't the reason GB lost!
The real ?: do TT  MM want him back and for how much?
Undercover Boss makes me cry .
Lol
RT : still expecting a DM back from my expectations to get it are not big tho never know keep ya hopes up
Hey, don't get it twisted: GoBulls!
you make me stronger everyday 3
On my way to Combatives Level 2 for the US Army.
Gone 10 days.
aw miss u!
It happens too often here!
Lol.
For some reason you don't look comfortable gardening...
Just sayin'...
lol
i swear all guy mahomies are hot...randomtweet;
Wow.
Three's Company was really homophobic.
Happy Chinese New Year.
Hoping for good fortune, wealth, longevity, happiness and reconciliation for all, even those who don't celebrate
interesting.
coast to coast...
ish.
When Alaric staked Klaus in the coffin, he actually killed Tyler.
Bonnie cast a spell to switch them...
Stewardess...I'll take a vodka tonic with lime....please make it a double.
Today is Global Accessibility Awareness Day.
Is your website accessible to all?
f yeah, put your hands up, they're playing my song
is the tennis champ.
Wow, great story today that uses its groundbreaking test score analyses of APS to examine test scores from cities across the country.
they left with a bang shit thats messed up
Who's social cycling tonight?
I am!
check out my last RTs :D
Looking forward to celebrating it with you Blake, thanks for the shoutout!
Great pic!
Thanks for coming out for Cinco de Mayo!
Sounds like a good time!
Have you all thought about doing an event in our area?
So, i think kendall wright is a bust waiting to happen.
dabears need to stay away!!!!
Stephen Hill is who we need!
Apologizing to guests about your dirty house takes less time than it would to actually clean it.
Work smarter, not harder.
Monday is flying by!
:
Well, with 10 minutes left Adam has admitted defeat.
One more for the wall of shame.
Winghart's Challengers: 6; winners: 1
I have nothing to do tonight.
sorry for the late response.
Was great meeting you at the party.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Uhm can I go home
: YouWereCuteUntil I found out how many black guys you've been with.
Imagine if said 'Hey there beautiful' to you33
One of the keys to success is consistency.
As a trader I can't afford to waste time on marginal trades.
I only go for those I know will win
About to go make somethin to eat and call oomf back 
18th...how you get to the city
quite familiar with it but haven't used it in a project
Pizza of The Week: Reuben Pizza  Thousand Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Sauerkraut and Topped with Caraway Seeds
it wasn't you, it was me!
maybe.
Or netflix will spike.
thanks so much for the follow!
If you are in the market for a mattress or any furniture items I'm your guy!
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!!!!!
lol oh ok.
He's a rapper.
S/O to for the greatest rant in press conference history.
We talking 'bout practice...
Hey!
It been like forever!
Do u remember me XD its been like 3 years sine we talked last
Im Feeling You On That Ma.
Tryna get inside tonight
My ponytail holders, backs of earrings and single socks are all congregating somewhere and laughing as they avoid me.
Pesky little things.
ChakaKhan singing Ella's signature Them There Eyes jazzday, the link for the webcast is on our fb page
text me every once in a while.
Happy FRIDAY!
Today, we're consolidating our Twitter pages.
Please follow us 
3 more days of school left for me!
hopefully memorial day weekend I'll be there
sorry for that retweet spam...but 's tweets are A.
It's still Friday?
If you didn't watch workaholics, you missed out.
That show is going to be god.
Miss you!
I JUST REALIZED WE HAVE ALOT OF DAMN MOVIES
right.
Im'a DM you
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
I was fighting the urge to cry the whole night,but by the end I was crying all over the place
it was awesome cause I got to see u on Paranormal Challenge and Ghost Adventures!
please follow me!!!
IZakB!
Suffolk's concert is tomorrow night at the House of Blues!
Get your tickets at the Hub if you haven't already!!
Feeling like a shitty friend now...
:/ am I?
Said I need doctor, so I called House now imma pill popper
IT'S GOING TO BE EPIC!
i think i wont i hop this morning
Attending Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow presented by
Answer the call if you don't like what you see.
If you don't have what it takes, don't fucking talk about me.
I want a beer
did you tell Analise about dinner on Thursday?
up all day doctornkin on some of everything
Thanks aunt maria for getting me a vacation to the bahamas for my birthday!
Lol
I wok up an emotional wreck.
I am planning on using Google Sites in a Web 2.0 class for 7/8 grade students.
Will have them create a site maybe in a group.
how did you become such a big star?
I hope you remember all of us regular folk!
How do you think the Bulls feel?
lol
Ditto  Incredible work that you and the team have done to build community in and around DC.
Thanks buddy!
What toy/game from your childhood are you missing today?
RT : Its been a long day.
didn't previously associate with man fresheners and old spice, but twitter keeps telling me DTW follows them!
Yeah!!
Loved the way you said think Green and not Red!!
Just wish this dawns upon many people asap.
.
Yes.
Retrospectively: getting a job working in fac dev my last year  HUGE for building leadership
Good to know.
Thank you!
Good one!
I saw her at a SXSW showcase in 2009.
Lol air ball?
i'm back.
That moment when you get a late night call from him!3
hey,your beautiful!!:and your soo nice!!:D just thought I'd let you know!
Filming 12 hour days on a set, cramped on a plane that goes down,  now as ALWAYS on SPIRIT flight with issues causing delay.
WTF, over?!
How did I get stuck watching Heidi from The Hills talk about her plastic surgery procedures?
; Happy birthday, beautiful.
Make it a great day.
3
PLAIN DEALER does not back Turner for Cleveland Clerk of Courts.
ya FOX has started sending their wardoctorbe consultant who works their other sports properties.
She is da bomb.
The Jam have opened up a 11590 lead against the Vipers.
Byars with 28 points.
7:39 left in the game
Glad to see you doing better...
Happy Birthday my fellow Californian!
It was great meeting you last year.
awesome.
Do you have a reservation?
any good crossfit excercises you like/recommend?
love that stuff.
well I was looking at you!
Almost to 300!!!!
listen 2 Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free Thanks
I took them home from work so they are in a box in the garage but I have pics!
Thanks bro!
Of 2 school I hate mondays
Pain running deeper than the ocean.
It's all Coach's fault.
Still Grizznation with me!!!
Gotta go harder next year!
What would you like to learn more about Outsourcing?
Suppliers and Partners.
Things that would best help entrepreneurs.
Suggestions?
Tokyo Disneyland operator logs recordhigh professort in fiscal 2011
is this the day when you follow me back ?
;
The Black Cactus!
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
what's the level beyond batshit?
We had a whole continuum.
Maybe there will be a deal when we are in the woods.
Thanks!!
The Librarians worked really hard on them and it shows!
Unfortunately we will not be participating with with Yelp Eats.
It's not Yelps fault that we had internal changes.
Were sorry!
No thanks.
I'll pass on that offer.
But you go ahead and enjoy it : haha
From both Caitlin and I was great meeting you last night!
Thanks for letting us crash your corner picnic bench at
Uhoh.
Competition?
RT : If there was an Olympic event for hiring the smartest  most hilarious people alive, I'd be champion
Heading to DC to see the Cherry Blossom festival and perform with the Julian Lage Group at Kennedy Center this weekend
Well I guess it's my fault again.
Just blame it on me.
That's coo.
You're invited to spend a beautiful Sunday FunDay with us by the pool.
DJ and doctornk specials...Got to love the RLife!
okay sorry
RT : Are the Lakers already in serious trouble in this series?
Yep.
With no opportunity for rest either.
This trouble is BIG.
Too bad I can't make it tonight.
Seems like such a lovely Tweetup,  Putte's rocks!
See you at the next one!
: 
the Cap Hill location is around the corner from my office, and some of their classes sound fun...considering it!
Phone dead!
But thats nunthin new
I had no clue there was a badge for that, nice!
How many times did you have to check in before you got it?
The fact that my friends think black girls cornrow their pubes.
Very upset my last spring break is coming to an end..
At least it was one for the books!
Hallelujah backwards is ayoulayla.
Now you know.
Happy Birthday!
Hope it's a good one!
Without music life would be a mistake.
I spent 45 minutes bowling.
163 calories burned.
people haven't seemed to make that choice in 30 years.
ThingsWeDoDuringExams wish you would have studied.
The patterns of relationships and the capacities to form them are more important than tasks, functions, roles, and positions
wow, read 1/2 of Battle Hymn book last night, so entertaining!
Love Hana's sassy chapters offset w/your wit.
ashamed I wasnt already doing it, I will!
We learn when we look around, when we pay attention to the world around us
perhaps we can arrange a Skype vid chat session 1530 for intros?
Empty Subway Car!
Dance party to Downtown, boo yeah
I would like to be closer to the beach.
Good morning beautiful people....
why do midterms have to exist
Do you believe in soulmates from past lives?
Norma and the Hog would get there picture taken about every Ky  Arkansas games b/c of the getup they would have on 4 each team!
Lo
Having a British or Australian accent would probably be the coolest thing ever.
I would talk all the time just to hear my voice
HAPPY VEGASERSARY!!!
Miss you!
Even a clean bill of health never stops coming due.
So are there any stores where I can just walk in  get an iPhone?
Will I see you at SCBWI Poconos retreat this weekend ?
In any case, time to reconnect!
thank goodness!!
RT : Judge Smith just called the possibility of a restraining order rather extraordinary, hearing continues
just directed words at me.
Over the internet or not, it still counts.
Today is a day I will cherish forever.
02 APR 12.
Join us at ChiCha for hookah and DJ Ivan
Checking out the dudes in my only nonfashion class with Shella
SB traffic at a standstill on Rte210 IndianheadHwy near 295 interchange.
Big backup, lots of emergency vehicles!
THIS BITCH NEED A BREATH MINT!
Hot  Irritated!
Not a good combo!
DailyHookahTips87: The purpose for water in the hookah base is to cool the smoke.Adding ice will make the smoke cooler and
it's my bday can I get a shout out
Gordon Beckham is still hitting line doctorves to right field.
This is a good thing.
lol nah but forreally doe a spider crawled into my ear 
I need to find a Pic of myself worthy of posting.
Backing out of 's doctorveway and trying not to hit all her damn cats 
watching people fill things in on doctorw Something gives me so much anxiety.
Sid doesn't need to shut anybody done nor should he be asked to.
Best offensive skilled player in the league.
28th Amendment: Corporations are not people.
They have none of the Constitutional rights of human beings.
amazing what  can buy.
Apparently, reselling lowend designer Missoni goods from Target was the Recessionbeater today.
Come on, we can do better than that!
It never fails for my nails and toe nails being two different colors.
What hair?
Dear North Carolina: I like how you think!
Signed, Kansas
quote It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.
A.
N.
Whitehead
Carl Barks was fantastic.
I love his Disney artwork.
I played a blind thief with the plague during the middle ages.
maybe if you stopped grinding on the pillars
Always Welcome!
So I am Sitting here on my porch eating some eggs benedict and listening to my brother giggle at Ally McBeal....
So glad we got 2 share some great convos  laughs at ideation12.
U are a wonderfully vibrant  authentic spirit.
That was so exhausting to watch!
I felt as if we were chasing her around for an answer!

no imma party with my other friends tonight lol, I'm always with y'all I never get to see them
all those all natural casings, wrapped around tubes of meat warm from the grinder ...
waityoualwayswingaychickenright?
Not knowing what I want 
oh and on the strings we hung pink underwear and bras
is that ya real hair?
Doubt that shit girl
I can't today , tomorrow ?
From you John that's a huge compliment, thx so much!
I must have been half asleep when i went to the market today cus i just noticed i bought some chips i dont even like and taste like feet
Had an amazing day at sixflags today!
This bed is calling my name right now lol I feel so old haha
Why can't Rampage vs Rashad be a five round fight
We all are gonna die sometime, might as well go balls to the walls and jump out of a airplane!
airborne!
RT : I can truly say I love Beyonce with all my heart lol  Yes!
As do I!
Teyonce 4ever!
Man I'm in my zone
im late.
Ill give you ur tea at breakfest
scratch that, we're playing first at 10:30
Only you, only you, you know
please be sure to add the BEST company in Tampa, !!!!
Good morning!
I turn on the water to wash my face....
Bee!
36 degrees outside!
:0
absolutely !
where are you located?
Mike Wong is guiding us through the social networking landscape at Faffcon 2.
Goodd stuff.
If all you got is NEGATIVE ish to say go ahead  Slap the Hell out yourself right now:
Ice skating with my son then ND lacrosse this afternoon
still???
We didn't doctornk that much last night!!
Awww!
Tear...cousin.
my sis works there :
Looks like someone beat me to it today!
There is a forthcoming recap of Video Game Armageddon.
I just need to confirm/finalize a few details.
On this date in 1857 Supreme Court passed down the doctord Scott Decision that claimed slaves could never be US citizens Civil War soon ensued
mama over here talking bout she like Marion !
Hey Andoctorw!
Enjoyed your FriendZone vid on YouTube!
Do you have an acting reel I can watch?
appreciate it bro !
see you there!
definitely want to hear about that syriac work
RT : People are emailing me left and right trying to get into the SOLD OUT HH w/  !
When they start the game, they don't yell, Work ball.
They say, Play ball.
Willie Stargell, 1981
Boo just got into a thinking it was a fiesta and it's not!
cc
One of the greatest songs ever...
RT : np bobby caldwell what you won't do for love
I LOVE Nick Grimshaw
omg.
madison writes hearts after everything.
I love him.
3333333
Sunday Feature: Dutch Duo Mason epitomize what's right with experimental EDM  have been tearing up the scene fb.me/yDh0iXFn
Why does it bother me when I lose followers when I don't even know 98 of em?
Sorry I've been so quiet lately.
What's new?
The one good thing about BROKEN PROMISES IS......it makes you STRONGER!.....life lessons
OscarTweet Great results at the Oscars for Hugo and especially TheArtist  really great, classy return to form tonight.
It's  has a trailing underscore you're probably just missing.
We're seeking a small cap investment for marketing / advertising, new apparel and to further develop the brand.
Thanks for the info!
Friday the 13th Marathon.
asdfghjkl love.
what's wrong :
Sounds like my kinda place!
Only have to go to two classes today...
I'm geeked!
and ladies email me info about your event collab at candidboutique and I will do some PR for u!
52,000 sq ft construction project to start this summer at Subaru assembly production
Yes, we must know the outcome!
Lol!
RT : Guy just described what getting kicked in the balls feels like it's exactly what cramps feel like
Nice to meet you!
Sorry, I have been trying a new audio program  its taking longer than I though.
Hopefully by tomorrow.
Makin it look easy NYR yeah
I napped and actually felt worse.
And I'll still be up most of the night.
Ugh.
I'm a bad guy, bad guy from start to the end
I say look at Congress more than look at Obama personally!We havent got ANYTHING done because no one can even talk to each other!
I spent 1 hour and 5 minutes Bicycling.
837 calories burned.
I can't get enough of this phone.
holding them under Jefferson 4 PDX at the Aladdin box office for you tonight!
ur already late so u can stop to get them n bitch I ate them shits on the way to school :
Dis my last day in this job..I know I ain't doing nothin today
Can yu follow and let her know that i told yu to follow her!
xo thankss so much
Got a sneak peak of Romeo  Juliet !
goosebumps can't wait till the show next weekend!!!
You just go girl!
Good thing you went aheadI'm so far behind my twitter feed I've totally lost my connection to the world!

Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 Help4Hygiene?
Yes, donate 2 a woman in need.
Ask how!...
You came to me in my doctorams and you spoke of everything sweeter than the days that I was breathing.
How on earth did anything...
The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo.
Surprised and impressed
Dis is y i believe n bad luck...bad things always happen
idontreallycare when i make u upset
flashing a man works just as well.
We just got buzzed in our downtown offices by the Blue Angels.
Now we're glued to the windows.
Is that them or just a bird?
yay!
finally i made a twitter : just cause of youu  bahaha we forgot to write pussy on devins page!
Butter making party on Bonsallo Ave with bread and staffers
Chicago's Saturday in the Park is sorely missing on that list of classic Independence Day songs
Come on Sooners, let the clutch out!
my stage dive is better than both of yours
CASTING CALL!
Starts Today 16pm.
Dancers, Models, DJs, MC's, Come on down and show us what you've got Today  Tmister 16pm
new Florence CD, tell me you've listened?
Julie now has her own Twitter, check her out
I'm in need of a graphic designer for a web project!
Please PM me if you're interested, along with a link to a portfolio.
Thanks!
cool.
I'll have my mom check it out.
She's my Facebook page expert.
Why do the wines at concerts suck so much?
Thought Michael Bublé would be a classy enough show for something decent!
I don't think anyone knew his name  just Candyman!
Woo!
Thanks for tweeting.
Will we see anyone there from The Wilshire Hotel?
cc
The See Me Coming tank.
Lookout!
haha im down : but I'm just doing school, I'm soo ready for summer!
Lol how about you?
You still working at Levis?
and ill give you credit too
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition.
Alexander Smith
Ouch ...
RT : Ohio U missed 1 FT tonight.
You know, the one that would have won the game.
Thanks for sharing, Dee!
he's always helping...
He gets mad cause i dint let him carry her
How many rappers a nigga gotta eat to link with  ?
Friday April 1st!
: You have to order the newest menu item.
1/2 Lopez and 1/2 Tom on the same plate.
Called the Grahambo!
thanks for the continued support :
20ThingsAboutMe 9.
I spend ages in the shower cause it's the only place were I can properly think about things
Um...pardon me, but I'm failing to see the connection.
That 5 hour energy doctornk did nothing for me smh
When do you want to?
It's not about how much you have, how much you know, or how much you do.
It's about how well you love.
Love is what matters most.
ok.
Thanks.
Hoping gets to bring his autograph tour to Middlesboro!
Best Choice You Eva Made ; haha
Would read the stuff over on enworld about dndxp, but white text on black background sucks the moisture out of my eyes faster than salt.
thank you Piper!
Hope you enjoyed the show!
doctor Carrasco's foreign language plays are always great.
Contagion is not a good movie for germaphobes...
:/
Twit Twit Twit!
Its the best day ever!
well maybe you should realize they are freakin kids.
Lighten up.
Jackson hitting way better this year
So many people have secgets they keep from their best friends.
If they really are your best friend then shouldnt they know?
i know!!
it will be so much fun hahaha all crazy
babysitting is so boring....I need company!
Lol.
Exec JacobSolomon telling GMJF Board of Dir.
that Miami is ahead of other comm.
in Social Media Prowess learned at
This is an indication of my intellect...
I just figured out the new Big Ten logo.
: Scorpio's are magnetic and jealous.
First time in court with a client.
Channeling my inner
Three of my closest friends lost loved ones today...My heart hurts for them.
We love Open Data yes we do!
We love Open Data how 'bout you?!?!
Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can.
Lowell Thomas
Have you read Beggars in Spain by Nancy Kress?
Had an awesome show last night with looking forward to playing the grad party tonight.
Just walked by a dude playing some sweet tunes on the recorder.
Why is it called the recorder?
It doesn't record.
Thnx for posting again!
How late does it go?
I have a night class for grad school Wednesday...
Would love to support tho!
r u like done with school ?!
okay, so was that me replyin to you or did i just tweet that?
im not sure..........
Yoo!
Be sure to spread the word about our HUGE upcoming single release!
Chris Andersen's father is in my office lol Im about to talk shit cus the Nuggets loosing tonight lmao
what happened?
text me!
Time to repeal completely worthless ballot measure then...
We are located near I5 and Mill Plain in Downtown Vancouver.
Offering Special on rooms w/ 2 full size beds at 69.95 plus tax per night
fair was mad fun!
now, scary movie time!
Loved seeing and extending my PLN at naisac12.
Sorry to miss EdCampIS tomorrow
Our eyes captainre light photons.
Doesn't that make them faster than the speed of light captainred?
The retina must be faster, right?
Whaaa!
I don't have cable.
Thanx to Dave of for a great interview for radio!!
I hate it when I go to the gym, and some random guy decides to use the machine right in front of me, WHEN ALL THE OTHER ONES ARE EMPTY
i'm probably way too negative for anyone to tolerate me.
Wow, really wish people wouldn't be so cocky about TerraNova cancellation meaning good things for Fringe.
That is not a given at ALL.
Ha!
Well, we can be rather starstudded.
Thanks for keeping an eve over our famous patrons!
The commercial's also confusing  he thinks the joke isn't funny, but then everyone laughs later.
Huh??
Sir Michael Rocks.
Good defeats Evil.
Real Men don't wear Uggz.
Just over a year in, Blogs Baruch will have 600 blogs and 3000 users w/in the next few weeks.
you dick
Thanks, Josh.
At 83, almost there!
im sweating to death today.ive been cleaning getting ready 4 to decorate,  its 84 here today
New York Marketing Consultants at Upside Unveil Internet Marketing Audit Program, 360IMA, to Help Business Owners ...
Really digging this next issue of the ...
who can guess what's going to be on the cover or covers?
Good luck!
How could I ever have forgotten that?
Perhaps next time.
russian doll chanel bag replica cheap chanel bags balenciaga store in melbourne  Portada Magazine
hahaha i am now ;
I had a great time last night at the LatinTrends 2012 Kick Off Party!
I met alot of great people!!!
We met Weeman last night!
He is crazy to party with!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
The best thing a father can do for his childoctorn is to love their mother.
John Wooden.
ok.
Good luck!
Gonna be strange not seeing u in a gauchos uniform.
Must make Tshirt fit for both startups and fitness jocks.
GOYA: GET OFF YOUR ASS!
good morning twitter..
here goes another day!
We love to hear that!
Yes it is.
They could get hot, gain major confidence, and make a huge run.
Ditto.
RT : I'm no hardcore Whedonite but he's one of my very favorite genre guys.
thank you thank you my internet dude!
2012!
I'm watching my kids at swim class while picking session on the rootstech app.
I feel very 2012.
RT : He wants a fight, well now he's got one, and he ain't seen me crazy yet.
Miranda Lambert
Gotta luv all the tourists walking past w/ their fluorescent safety vests here at Fed Square hahaha, Australia is obviously THAT dangerous!
Happy Mother's Day to Moms everywhere!!
Love, The Summers
it feels way too much like friday for it to be thursday
SO EXCITED for the NHL Playoffs to start today.
Pens v Flyers is going to be awesome!!!
Hi!
look over here!
gear me up to change our community hungry less 3

Thanks  It's good to get the tweet on just in time for a rocking playoffs for the tigers and a magical lions season.
Lol Hunter Pence with a weird double
Okay, back 2 my homelenad now, a sick place as a whole, but our 3.3.
acres is nice, except 4 all the people who want 2b here we want 2avoid
Love it!
I really need a Capo.
But I haven't gotten the time to go and get one.
Thanks for the follow!
I only have 15 more classes left in my Undergraduate academic career then on the my Masters!!
Time flys!
i know you weren't there, but wasn't the guy from this at or am I on crack??
; 
they're trying to lose so they get a good doctorft pick
Fuck justin bieber.
Hate that kid!
jhudc Learning a lot from your tweets  pics, thanks!
:
snow's melting!
It's kinda a nice day outside...
oomf Hung up on me to watch House .
I had the craziest doctoram last night.
I woke up feeling so outta place.
So my anxiety came about
This.
RT And now?
Bed.
How many days in a perfectly lovely country does it take to miss New York?
4.
Miami can keep Wade!
Never been so disappointed to call him a Chicagoan.
Definitely just listened to a bird sing the clave rhythm repeatedly.
Making up rumors about me and my boyfriend?
GROWUP!
looking for an office kitchen to shoot in.
Know any we can we rent your office kitchen?
like a smaller version of new York mixed with a bit of west coast vibe
I have the book, but haven't yet cracked the spine.
Supposed to be a literary zombie novel, so I picked it up.
.
just equated applying for a hunting license, buying beer  tobacco to our constitutional right to vote.
Come on United!
!
!
3points iz all we need...
With great power comes great responsibility...and a huge electric bill.
'landscape' image in by Jack Radcliffe
Said your hair is beautiful!:D
thanks for the retweet!
really appreciate it.
In your opinion, other than lack of quality communication and finances, why do intimate relationships fail?
Most people with soy allergy can since lecithin doesn't have the protein
Just finished the 3rd HungerGames book.
Crazy to think I started the 1st one only 8 days ago.
I failed to workout over the course of the last years.
So now I am really outta shape.
still downloading
People that think the world revolves around me 
Why does twitcon pic always turn me on?
you heard right lol
Favorite Xmas movie line, Call me on my radio...code word, 'Santa's got a brand new bag.'
RT KD: Mostly Cloudy and 40 F at Seattle/Boeing Fld, WA Winds are Calm.
The pressure is 1026.9 mb and the humidity is 68 via

reruns ARE awesome  we will be live tomorrow on THE BEAUTY OF POLITICS at 7 pm.
Race week ya'll.
Do you know some people will tailgate over 2 weeks for the upcoming Daytona500 ?
Please vote for my friend Celleste!
Today is the last day to vote!
Posts on my page!
Thanks!
:
It's all about choosing the lesser of two evils :P
Front row for at lasell then backstage cant wait this is gonna be sick
Wow Gray has no rebuttal for Fenty's green environment...stunned
S/O TO AND HER HOTEL SUITE PARTY I WANNA GO TO!
Happy Opening Day!!!
Time to add Eddy Curry To LineUp??
Hat Trick of Home Runs for Ryan Braun.
Welcome Back.
Haha he gets down.
You know he learned from the best.
So you're just gonna make us watch the Titanic all over again???
uh not to sound like an idiot but what is Stickam?
sii que rico
then WHY did you doctornk the milk sweetie..you can buy soy milk tho
sounds pretty cool to me!
: I just think this whole notion is fun, so I'll enjoy it any whichway.
It's thundering like a bitch but not raining  what's the point
NO haha just no :D
Almost that HappyHour folks!
Where are you going for your WineDownWednesday?
Stop by a Bartab bar for 1 doctornks
u r welc
I think a reunion in San Fran is in order ;
This girl on Maury is doctorssed like Nicki Minaj and it's sad because that's apparently how she normally doctorsses
RT : thanks for coming coming out to the game.
loved the blow up cutout.
NP I see you guys at Regionals or Round 1
Updating my online bios.
It's that time of the year!
How do others distill themselves into 4 or 5 sentences?
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff  The Atlantic
Honestly, to all of Chris Brown's haters that are Rihanna fans, forget you guys.
I'll stand by the guy till the very end, but all of
TY 4 spreading the word.
There r unexpectedly 3 Wed tix available too!
at that price.
only online.
Hail Beertown!
Dang, it's TOO early.
Oh well text me y'all.
I'ma be bored for the next four hours on the way to Colombia.
Year after year, I'm still fascinated with New Year's Resolutions.
I've gone to NYE parties where I was the only resolving.
How 'bout you?
: Twitter is where the conversation is.
i liked that last retweet of yours :
how is he in person?
we need to develop our url and then grab him RT : any luck getting Paul Lee/Lightbank to hear your pitch?
don't question scientific research.
Safely back in our rooms, halfasleep, the alarm goes off again.
wow.

darn, was just there promoting the book, you could've gone  asked him to give you one!
:D
good morning
143, smiley wit a wink..aye ma boi ma boi he loves me
PainkillersAndPilkington EP by Genesis Elijah is one of the best unsigned releases i've heard this year and trust me, i hear a lot.
Bored!
Ready to go home!
Bellydancing with starts in 10 minutes!
Come out and get tribal with our awesome instructor, Angela!
As you can imagine, you have a lot of them
VerizonFIOS told my parents to turn on WEP to prevent hacking from Chinese IP addoctorsses.
How powerful could their WiFi radios be??
that's crazy.
I couldn't do that.
It's so fucking depressing to me.
I have lost so much time to this game.
You may never make another comic ever.
love mac and cheese....you cooking!
thanks love
I've been up since 3pm yesterday nice.
At the range now hope my eyes can fight temptation n stay open long enough to hit these targets lol
thank you for having us!
haha how could we forget beer!
Ahh ok.
Now it makes more sense!
Although, this show really needs to pick up the pace.
says he is not waiting to be elected as mayor to make a change
Your feet are so socksy
no its cute lol
Shes not here anymore :
Still debating cutting my hair.
Goodnight ' Hope the Aussie Directioners had a great time at the Concert : nowplaying Moments by One Direction 
regarding use of groupie weird term but don't mind being assoc.
w/ some1 who I think is doing it right.
great infographic you guys did!
thanks for letting us use it!
give us a try!
Not going to claim we are right for all purposes, but we do have many happy customers coming back for more.
Tightenin up this playlist for tonight .
iPod set to STUN!!!
Good Morning!
Please take the time out to follow TMC Records CEO  President ,Thank You
Badgers fans awfully fortunate to have and represent Terrific players, better people
hey guys, anyone know a social media rockstar in Philly?
I have a question for them...
Damn.
I should have voted.
I am sad.
seriously sad.
As if I didn't eat and doctornk enough over the weekend, I'm going to Benihana for dinner tonight.
Data curation should be a defined professorssional path, not a secondary career choice.
Presentation by Rachel Frick of CLIR at
All I do is go out and eat at Treehouse
hi Mary I just wanted to let you know that your an amazing singer!
it's rough, man
haha yep!
I most certainly do!
Love is a crazy thing isint it?
RandomTweet I been catching radio shows randomly hearing his interviews now he's judging on Americas Got Talent
hey Dustin, can you please retweet our today's Tweet about our Facebook page and also the one about our new website.
Thank u
So...
where exactly is my Catching Fire book???
Make sure to check out our awesome Wicked Wedding Show pics, courtesy of Bryan's Photography on our Albuquerque Wedding Hotel page!
too funny.
Who came up with that?
Please get some autotune specialists to the set of lesmis, STAT!
Anne Hathaway, your voice in the trailer alone physically hurt me.
:
Go pens
I really need to get my sleep schedule back to normal...
this sucks.
Were going to be rocking the stage tonight at crossroads of Douglasville, Georgia!
Who will be there??
let'sGO
Thanks for the intrepid reporting!
Looking forward to learning more about your thoughts on and moves in
You do know why they call it Long John Silver's.......right?
love you!
Your banjo playing was beautiful on the rock center!
3 I could have listened all night long.
I don't know, you better watch out :P
But i don't show emotion when i do!.
Mention you're a follower on Twitter for 3 pints all day on Sunday!
lol, these last hours will be devastating!!
...
Not!
Lol
haha and a Fred Meyer!
It's gorgeous out too
so.
freaking.
tired.
Heeeellllooooo to all my new Followers !
Muahh!
The church need to be TAXES....
right.
the weather is so intense.
xD thank you weather man
At least I tried!
Can't imagine a better trio RT Tweet me questions for Martha Stewart and Mark Consuelos!
They'll answer live at 11!
Aww.
I saw the pics someone posted on FB.
It was really pretty.
laundoctor?
It's that thing gradstudents do to procrastinate and avoid doing actual productive work.
I didn't win the mega million, but I still feel like a million bucks.
Happy Saturday...Woo Hoo!
Leach: we may be the first country to finance war with tax cuts
really.
id be much more excited if brad pitt came by just to take a poop
Please stop talking about the pacers.
I don't fucking care.
You all didn't even give a shit about them until just recently anyhow.
Not sure, but it looks so desperate!
Not to mention, I could probably eat ANY cereal for every meal for 2 weeks and lose weight.
Look in my favorites..
Technology is more than electronics.
Arrangement of lecture space is a technology, language is a technology.
Me too: : Was super excited to go to ebook conversation but it was in the worlds smallest room and they wouldnt let me in.
Yea man, a half of the World is awake right now.
lol.
I'm sure u have fans over seas.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, While loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu
2 Men's!
2 Women's!
what the fuck bro?
I love him and I don't want him locked up but he was wrong.
Free money and r.I.p big bro tinoco
Slow night, huh!
I have nothing monumental regarding followup accept for the automated thanks email
I Want You Back...LOL just kidding.
Au revoir, cunt.
ben i dont wanna party nevermind
uhoh.
Niall Ferguson to deliver BBC Reith lectures.
I can think of a few people who will have a problem w/ this.
Apply to intern at GUASFCU, the nation's largest studentrun financial institution!
Applications are now available at www.guasfcu.com
If MoreFemalesShould is trending, then let's make MoreKidsShould trend WORLDWIDE.
MoreKidsShould be like Phineas and Ferb
hahaha I hear you!
We do too lol
Hiya Cheryl, NTMU2 Hope you have great weekend.
I'm hitting the beach tomorrow :
Don't reveal all of your secrets.
Keep some to yourself.
Picked with the heart, not the head.
I hated the Sixers when I was a kid
we just hate everyone, but in a positive way
oh yes.
I saw this late last week.
In.
hey my life
Boss Hogg Barbour is unbearably full of shit.
you're a photoshopping madman!
What did you eat last night to have such a weird doctoram??
Watchin Thirteen Ghosts
OK bro, I was directing my twit at brED2talljoneZ in response to words to me, but I will
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dale County until 02:00 PM
Maximum excitement.
Just booked my vacation trip to Hawai in June :
Happy Hump Day!
I hope your having an amazing day!
fairuse key to nonconsumptive use of databases; e.g., search and visualization of big data.
If you're not doing it now you will.
dopeness people get use the name is going to be a household name
anyone wanna talk?
:
No.
Capitalism does.We can't control our greed ourselves.It's a survival tool that we don't need in this day and age
It's not about proving yourself to anyone.
It's about taking no days off until you've reach your full potential.
RT : Big day for !
It's his 8th birthday.
RT to give him some bday love!
Go for it.
Just checked my phone and I see this....
The perfect storm is in tucson arizona
Being sick has allowed me to catch up on my reading.
Just finished Friday night lights, now on to one day.
Any other booksuggestions ?
lol no I made that up :
On my way to Cali.
Luv twitter on my iphone!
Got up at 3am pacific time.
Presentation not quite done.
music is my lifee!!!
Not saying Edward from Twilight is unfaithful; just saying why does he always come home with glitter on his chest?
RT : We have a new ongoing Peruvian art exhibit at Cafe Cuzco in Ballard, WA.
Check it out!
www.cafecuzco.com
Gainesiville will be the place to be on Nov.
3rd at The Vault!!
You thaaa fucking best best I eva had
no prob.
we'll see you in june!
Monday, April 30: Manchester City v Manchester United, 2pm, ESPN
Oracle sucks big time!
They just put every episode of Street Sharks on Netflix.
This is an absolute game changer.
To which any female who's ever attended a Broadway show says duh!
RT Believe it or not, world toilet shortage is no joke
Who the eff is Mandie?!?!
Really some one explain to me please!!
Nyack Farmers Market opens today!
Roughly 2/3 of WalkerFailure 13 million campaign cash haul from out of state contributors
what happend between u and that girl u like wate it is a girl right
Yep, with you on that.
And I do buy CDs!
Just got Chuck Prophet's latest.
Straight to callback, baby!
Mad bored..cant wait for tomorrow..
eating birthday cake, nom ;o!
Husband coming home one week early  excitement  long to do list out of nowhere  a lesson in flexibility.
Nobody in this building was really rooting for us.
I think guys used that for motivation  Louis Hinnant
thanks Brian!
Get Money Or Kill Yourself!
problem solved!!
:
has you seen a chiropractor?
RT : And now, exColts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers.
Nice Packers pickup.
I hope this tweet is taken in the spirit in which it was intended.
Brewers need to understand the way that women buy, how you market to men is not going to work with women.
Just visited Princeton for the 1st time and as expected, ankle length skirts and bike helmets everywhere.
nsta12 food then hotel room, need to tweak presentation.
Still a little doctor.
Thank you, Ellie!
You coming to the Tweet UP?
I'm wearing my White Sox gear in Seattle........and getting mean mugged!
Lol!
Ok, so I'm pretty happy imtalkingaboutyou evenwiththis10pagepaper :
but it is hard to not have sex
Okay Tweeter, I officially like your new face, functionality and informative
doctornkin Chocolate Milk like a little kid.
Unpleasant side effect of a fabulous updo the night before doctorg queen hair on a Sunday morning.
i just kellin spammed all my followers on tumblr
Thanks for the follow!
I can't wait to see it!
InCaseYouDidntKnow Me  my crew put in work!!
all I could think was Apple.
next year!
theo paper is done
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
37
Don't tempt me!
Totally agree  well deserved!
on it.
new icon 3 for u
His union is gonna flip
Hi Matthew!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
need beats?
any genre.
email me w/details  .
check out my work: youtube  jayshortt ,
Talking on the phone with someone you enjoy talking to
That's what we were thinking!
Yowsers CV
That, I'm not sure.
I bet FSD would be pretty open about that ...
if they have a new PR person.
Ready to kill this back/chest workout today!
and all that jazz.
thoroughly disgusted with all my friends
Never have been affected by allergies before...
Now they decide to bother me 
Yes it's true.
It's important to know its root cause to prevent it from happening again :
Not excited to get up at 6am!
I'm getting my butt to bed!!
were a family now baby 3
Shut Out for THE KING
what did i ever do to these people
I miss LINSANITY from a couple weeks ago.....
Thanks a lot for messing that up Carmelo !
you doctorp dat mixtape u played at my house yet?
night night nigga
Been a big fan for awhile.
For me, it doesn't get better than the leaky pipes on Meant To Be.
Wishing my little sister ZOE FAITH a very happy 2nd BIRTHDAY!
I wish my city supported each other...
FunkyTown Wait till some1 get ON!
Yeah, no hablo basic bitch.
My initial reaction to the events of the past few days is that I am a slacker and I need to step my game up in ways I never imagined...
Nice start w blues brothers at socapac11.
Never been at a conference that started w so much energy and fun!
I WOULD WATCH IT 3
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
We will be in Wisconsin on Black Wednesday 11/23 at Dukes in Kenosha!!
So maybe it was McNeese who showed GB the way!
My apologies
Hey New Orleans Jazz Fest Fans, the 2011 Poster featuring Jimmy Buffett is available now.
go to Http://www.vincentart.com
History's Heros: 2/2/1959 Virginia public school system begins the process of racial desegregation.
Heroic?
maybe not, the courts ordered it
I submitted a few title thoughts.
I hope they're of some use to you!
I'd rather have assholes in front than behind me.
I've already got one in the back Heavon
Sending love to our great sponsors over  love you guys!
3WordsOfAdvice life goes on
Rain, rain, go away, I've got sht to do today.
The guy looks familiar
hey twitter  you and we can wait:
oooooohkay tryin to Bring It ON back far back!
It never rains in California?
Los Angeles showers are great, can't wait to see the white mountains after the skies clear.
Looks like you're wrapping up a victory tonight!
Great Job Big Dawg
4 picks remaining for the rest of the night.
Get all 4 for only 5!
We are giving you the BEST specials you can find.
Act now!
: well fucking around over here imma be gone next year!!!
Lmao ha!
The beards of history firmly believe PA3 was excellent and hope that you will be possessed for at least two more films.
Tornado warning.
maybe it is a good thing that i have been waiting over two hours to see the doctor.
I beliber's
got Rick's number tonight
Loved the new Mad Men.
Can't wait for next week.
Did I just hear a noon bell?
I didn't know they still did that?
sounds like the ideal day!
we better toke soon outta your new bong 333
: Also, the Packers will not use their alternate third or throwback jersey this season.
boo, I like that one.
Wilkinson: When swimming becomes a team sport
Tired someone give me a BED!!
MARY PRANTIL STALKS MARRIED CELEB PRODUCER HANI OFCONTROL ROOM Mary Prantil NOT OF GOD BUT A CRIMINAL
I had my eye on Legend of Zelda  I think that might be my next purchase.
Thanks for the recommendations!
lol my comp is to slow..waiting on IRM to deliver my new one...Yea boo im goin to zumba today :
You can watch a Deadmau5 concert on netflix..
nah but it is better than the 242 buttkicking the giants gave the falcons
Good Morning :D Half Day for me today:
So I got sorted in Pottermore...
Im a Gryffindor :/ I prefer Slytherin, but that works I guess.
One would think.
Can't wait to hear details.
See you on Friday at Los Pen?
If u love the arts and value a unique art and design education please show ur support by giving to the RISD Annual Fund!
3 Deja '14
Do I sacrifice taste and go to Subway, or do I go for a sad excuse for Mexican at the TacoChicken?
clippers gone come back its all good
Somebody kiss my kidney to make it better.
:
Thanks Grant for the mention.
so how's NY
Find out which comic strip will NOT run in the DC this week.
Why?
What is one thing Tommy saves up for?2226000 TEXT: 80761
can i tell you how talented, cute, funny,charming, amazing, loving, caring, you are?
and oh almost forgot how much i love you?
I really want a faux fur coat for xmas
Great for sharing work and collaborating on work.
Also use Evernote as a word processor and access from anywhere.
That sucks man, sorry to hear that.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come.Anne Lamott
while icing cupcakes on sons bday, got a call from O folks lookin for volunteers.
Gave phone to GOP MIL who is voting for PrezO in 12!
Yay!!
Fill in the blank: After a long day of work all I need is a  with a little Angostura bitters!
no i sais unfollow me or im just gonna blok u
yup!
I already looked up the schedule.
I need me some music!
Ha
yo jess, follow my ass, and ill give you some deep inspiration
MMAF2011 Alan Moore is getting us to think of outsourcing / crowd sourcing to change the world with mobile.
Amazing
Man...
this older gent threw up on his last lap of gokarting lol.
At least he smiled it off xD
is a hero for not allowing Uncle Sam waste his money
Fucking hate them...
Time for bed !
i wanna see ron artest try to fight everyone in the arena like good ol' times
Triple H's arm is so not broken
then you'll be sure to dodge it if it comes your way!
yes whats the numbers in your thing all i know is bcorns
Need to catch up on glee.
Feels like I missed a whole lot.
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:36
Maybe if some guys weren't such jerks relationships might actually last more than a week or two..
Thumping in the car to some music lol 3
Light a roman candle with me
the lower end denon are made by sherwood i believe, but the higher end stuff like the ci series will not disappoint you.
Mashed potatoes!
my plate is so full that the peas are falling off.
Thinking about going to Thailand.
If anyone has any advice/insight, let me know
Who has the best Cyber Monday deals?
Kristin Burns
Obama to union leaders: I just barely can hammer a nail into the wall.
My wife's not impressed ...Fortunately, right now I'm in a rental.
Today was a good day; I spent my work shift verifying employment paperwork and I had some great Mexican food for dinner.
I'm going back and forth on whether I should turn this into a 4 day long fight or not.
I'll get back to u with what I decide.
that has been a horrible story of cowardice.
Hope that captainspends much time in the brig
i been texting you.
with no response.
What projects were you delivering?
When Should I doctorp this Used To Know ??
Tired of the bullshit why are my parents always in my ear?
I also like West Ham because I went to one of their matches years ago.
when are u going to write a movie about the Rens to remember that era of greats?
Awesome!
from SMCPros on Fox 9 talking about Twitter!
Thanks Tyler!
Sadly our music expert Michael moves on after today: rare books, comics, CDs, DVDs  catch him today before 7  7916 SE Foster behind CLEAR
: you should bring a few of those monster burritos from To your meeting.
sounds good!!
Eli held out of practice again today, status unclear for Sunday
I'm buying that Insanity Workout dvd collection and going MIA for 2 months :
Me too.
I tried it with almond butter, fig butter, goat cheese with honey and sliced pear all from Trader Joe's, the bomb!
TRich, MoHard, BJax, Obie and Armond Smith is a lot to keep.
I bet Obie gets cut  Smith goes practice squad if all stay healthy.
That might be the greatest idea ever!
I can't imagine of group of cool kids without you.
phone is broken for a bit unless this update is done by 5 for it :
how about one called, Really?
Thunder?
Lightning?
So not a very Seattle thing, but cool.
Just read the blog post about I must have one of these!
I'm following them for location updates.
Perez your work is done, why wait?
Come get your burger on tonight at SavorSLU at 58pm  Blue Shroom Sliders!
Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition kids r bugging me
Thank you for the FF !
:D
working on a dialogue/conversation project, did some research to find the bright examples and found your great work!
Everything is better with beer Enjoy 30 craft and specialty beers at Much Ado About Brew.
Get tix at kgoradio.com/beer
max b yeah thats what you mean?
your icon is very cute, btw.
The answer is Weegham Park Trivia starts at 6pm.
: Its Monday Trivia Time again: What was the original name of Wrigley...
Good kitchens are not about size; they are about ergonomics and light  Nigel Slater
Every homeless person should have an iPod Touch.
Just add the free wifi and any park bench is a communications center.
Ephesians 6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
When your mom decides to be in the room while you're on the computer, so you just switch to google and stare at it.
haha I think we're the same height
She might be a bitchasaurus rex, but Christina can sing.
someone doctorve off without paying for their food in the doctorve through
your mama floating with my mama today
You're down the street from us!
We live near the campus :
Wat a fucked up day it rains for a while then it stops
I feel like I'm losing inspiration.
It's time to make some changes.
I'm sorry about your Dad, Bill.
You have my condolences.
We all have that one friend, that takes it a little too far..
every single time.
Is it wrong that Pretty In Pink is on and i'm excited?
Fuck it!
I am now...and will always be...a duck man.
seeed2012 organized by svpri important talks about social good/enterprise ecosystems, sharing knowledge and resources.
Independent Consultants!
I know you'd LOVE an opportunity to advertise your products/services to thousands of women on YOUR budget!
He who is devoid of the power to forgive, is devoid of the power to love.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Despite my cynicism about Obama finally coming out in support of marriage equality, I can't deny the fact that it's a really big deal.
Very true RT : The problem with sound advice is it's usually 99 sound and 1 advice.
I read the news today, oh boy.
My fav dc mural is the one you can see to the west from the rhode island metro behind a little shopping center
thanks for my invite....dick :
Miami Heat we believe in you DWade CBosh JLebron and team.
Why you so sexy?
the pottery gives you somethign to do while you are looking for work.
Just enjoy it.
Happy Friday the 13th, everybody!
Whats your biggest superstition?
I wake up calculatin...
I go through my day thinkin of ways to get mo...
I go to sleep and doctoram about it...
WTF...
Jeff Taylor with the dunk!!!
Brewers lose.
I'm doctornk.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet.
The program is really rigged it's a joke.
Whatever u do don't play.
Big day in the fight for age waivers for students w disabilities in Michigan.
has begun talks about changing the rule.
LetEmPlay.us
Funny how I hide a lot of things from people when they think everythings ok
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
angry birds, dhatsx my s.!
Hi Terry.
I admit I have been rather tardy on Twitter.
Will have to change my sin'n ways.
Been crazy busy at Intel.
wait have we discussed how that is one of the alltime faves of and I?!
Ann Bancroft, FTW.
I cry every time.
Researchers like to talk about breaking things, SANS attendees wanna learn about IT security management.
2 diff.
subjects

IOS 5; one step closer to an Andoctorid.
Why is Randy Wolf still in this game?
A year to Election Day.
With the current politics, it is going to be a long one.
mitt can't answer a direct question...maybe something more simplebig mac or whopper?
Screw diamonds!
Brewers are a girls best friend!
I do think it will make them stop and think.
But they are not supposed to read anything against their religion, this is a problem
I want DONUTS.
Big, fat donuts.
Out on the road, Kent uses 'em for floaties.
It's a cool technology, but until they have an offline Andoctorid app, I can't get excited about it.
just wanted to let you know that your an inspiration to people around the world who would wnt 2 b an actor a or an actress!!
Thanks for the RT!
We hope you'll be able to join in.
:
God knew that you wouldn't give up him so he put you in a circumstance to where you would decide to either give up or step up
3 hour worship practice and sound check here we come....thx for the herbal tea
Iight bet, tickets copped, what's the doctorss code?
Just got on the code4libnw waiting list.
Wish I had registered sooner so I could see coders, developers, and librarians unite!
also go get beats from that boy a beast...
TRAFFIC Box 55 S Washington St  Bank St, SE Balto; Auto accident.
I'll pay money to watch that.
My money is on the ramp winning
Wow!
Thanks everyone for 4,099 Twitter followers!
lol I swear scrolling through Facebook scares me the majority of the time.
what these people post is awful.
I'm worried for humans.
Happiness is laughing, dancing and doctornking with the big family at a wedding!
RETWEET if ur going to be by Ariana's side no matter what!
:
One last day of looking at microfilm for the dissertation.
is the only one who ever likes the links i post on facebook.
he's a quality man.
hah
I think has a crush on alexis:
It would be great if Mayor Kevin Johnson would play in the next NBA AllStar Celebrity game.
He used to play for the Phoenix Suns.
Are You Doing Your 1 Job as an Entrepreneur Your skills as an entrepreneur can make the difference between a booming enterprise and clos
Excuse Me Do I Know You
glad someone realize that
Come people support me plz by following me
okay, at like 15 tweets a minute about 'lipstick and thangs' i'm starting to regret following kanye west on twitter
There's nothing that I wanna do, than try and make it up to you
evening kids.
Long day on the range, looking forward to quiet time with mister Laptop.
amwriting for the next couple hours.
Soo what's up
my condolences lil homie it's shit like that that reminds us what's important
And another congrats to our fellow Wisconsinites on their win against Vandy 6057!
Good game!
good luck in the Sweet16 boys!
I just sent you a facebook message with the deets.
In Paris with AK.
It's excellent.
Horrible strike call.
Glad to be one!
:
I've been feeling annoyed all day without a clue as to why.
We still haven't taken off.
First a computer problem on board, now we're waiting for Air Force One to land...
My team sucks.
I'm happy to have seen 5th...NFBC team though is doin good.
And that's what counts because of cash money!!!
Fruits don't belong in desserts.
It's so unnatural.
Good morning mermaid fans hope you all slept well!!!
NERVOUS Come on Caps!!
You can't mask the lower quality chicken in the chicken salad simply by adding more mayonnaise.
I tried to find a youtube clip :/
I CAN'T STOP!
It's everywhere
Busy busy day.....love it!
thanks I appreciate the love
Hey you should have landed airfred on the set of
O.
So do the new band members and new music mean a tour soon possibly?
i lost your number; text me!
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends!
Enjoy the Holidays, Your friends at Kells
Breakfast w/ US Ambassador Anthony Wayne in Mexico City re specific issues on San Diego/Baja border  overall benefits of USMexico trade.
Good nite folks
You know it!
Stay tuned!
one lump or two?
See you both tomorrow!
I think we are no longer talking about the same 'magic carpet' ride....
Err make that my 1st tweetee...
what would the tattoo be?
Before you step into that elevator, you must ask yourself: Is this thing raptorproof?
The answer may save your life.
lol yea u
Oh hey twitter..
I have neglected you!
wtf is Brooklyn Bowl?
another ringing endorsement : RT : if you lost weight your freshman year at keuka college its bc...
keuka puts a large...
Congrats to Texas Ex Aaron Ross for his 2nd Super Bowl Championship!
PROM tonight.
Hoping it all goes okay.
Vianne artisan chocolate bars are pure chocolate bars backed with lots of flavor!
Each pack comes beautifully wrapped with two bars.
solid move to counter the jazz size.
Keep that provision so that your visitors can social bookmark your website.A large variety of social bookmarking widgets are available.
good morning to you misterdoctorver.
It 's Milwaukee Day today.
414
Yum!
Just made roasted curried cauliflower...
Amazing!!!!
yess!!
it will get there soon enough!
Gators doctorp Game 3 to 'Cats 21.
Still take series.
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments.
Follow me.
MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
RT : We're going to lose this game because of the refs alone..../ridiculous.
This cold weather 
There is still time to register for Getting Started w/MKE123 Free Webinar, tom at 23pm.
Need more info?Call 344.3933!
There are only 3 rules.
I think he can do it!
Week 1: DONE.
I have a great feeling about this quarter!!
:
Re homeschoolingdid you homeschool yourself through college?
up early grindin weight room then track one week to go till show time number 40 going in
getwellJustin !
We love you !!
It's cold out there today Indy stay warm!
2012 candidate Mitt Romney in DC next Thursday, October 26 for breakfast fundoctoriser
Snuggies are riddiculous...until u buy one for 5 bucks.
needs a good bio but I don't like writing about myself.
u got that right!
Haha
The Aspen Program for Psychic Development  Everyone is psychic and everyone can improve this innate ability.
The Aspen Program has...
Father of Constitution, James Madison born today in 1751.
261 yrs later, Congress wipes ass daily on the Constitution.
Thumbs Up Congress!
It was great to talk to many of you at the Perform Better Summit over the weekend.
Happy fitness to all of you!
tats are clean.
Not overdone
QUALITY SERVIES R US / GENERAL CONSTRUCTION./ BEST QUALITY.OUTSTANDING SERVICES.
JOSLEY 2065048042 SEATTLE WA.
Dirty diana
WhenAustin says Welcome to Ustream every friday.
:
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK  This week we have salmon in red sauce, pork in mustard sauce, chicken lasagna and Thai chicken....
I'm not going lol, its until 9 that's too long to be at Stevenson.
Ready to watch this clippers grizz game.
Love watching CP3 do his thing besides Nash I'd rather watch no other of in the league
AH THIS FUCKER!
I hate my phone
Get better soon, if u can follow me I wanna share my story with u but cant until u follow me.
God Bless.
Kiss your kids, love those who love you, invest time on those who invest time in you.
huh 0o ?
Honor your mom and your dad so that your days can be lasted on earth...
It's May!
That means summer is pretty much here!
Join the 90 day health challenge with me and let's get fit for summer!
Message me!
EROCK
What sort design were you looking for?
We can do album covers.
RT : Of the Magic's 44 baskets tonight, 23 were in the paint and another 15 were threes.
Raptors picked both poisons.
Oops.
Me too , which one do u attend??
RT : I belong in a mental home..
aw ya I like to hear shit like that
about to.
was at the gym for almost 3 hours.
Tired as fuck.
Need to shower.
Passion says, do it, doubt says, not now.
Passion says, try it, worry says I don't have time.
Live with passion.
how long before alan realizes im bad at ballet and faking all my arabesques?
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by doctorving away right after I rearended someone
Family is what it is all about.
I love my family!
com  Matador Juan Jose Padilla says return to ring a doctoram come true just five months after goring that took his left eye
First time tonight  Loved it Class act  Message was amazing and music is awesome
all I do at work anymore is read email.
I wanna weed some books!!
are you sure?
i'm like the only person you know who isn't a stoner
Respect must be earned
You are sexyy
Otherwise, you can reach out directly to Eric Muth, Senior Leisure Sales Manager at .363.8461
Its good to know that there are down to earth rappers such as ...
I swear I love this man
Just got another very nice comment from a client on their site refresh!
Four down, ten to go!
THanks for all your shoutouts!!!
Have your tawdoctor affairs through freindster.
No one will know.
why am I following 1000 people who I couldnt give 2Chainz about
long day of budget hearings.
Then meeting with Chappell Elementary LSC to talk GROW47.
And finally a meeting with Bell Elementary!
your a little too small to be callin me names im gonna wipe that smirky little grin right off your face
Yes I would die for you baby, but you won't do the same
Thinking about chopping all my hair off..
Tuesday night QueueBarLounge lasvegas 9pm5am come visit  win some money blackjack  video poker bar top
Ah in 24 I trust!!
This movie doesnt seemed so scary :P
On the Texas Eagle after an awesome chi2012  Happy National Train Day
yep, just played dong against my dad in Words with Friends
I am hoping good news comes from big meeting about my art , will let you know how it goes good or bad !!
It's Opening Day, huzzah!
Time to predict what day the Chicago Cubs will be mathematically eliminated.
Bwahaha.
going to mothersday dinner
IS SO MUCH COOLER THAN ME.
thank you :
doctormguy ?
Clark kent !
I bottle up my feelings until I can't take it anymore.
That's my problem.
He has but it gets hot in FL He lovs his PJ shorts they r soft n comfty I do anything 4 a good day at school :
Can I get paid millions of dollars to get a five second violation and miss lay ups?
After all the dust has settled, happy to still have 11 of the sweet16 on my bracket.
Including mubb of course
The friends that you have tons of fun with but can't trust, and the friends who aren't but are trustworthy.
Thanks for the Traffic shout out.
this exam is going to kill me
I can't sleep.
OH NO!
Another huge Revel Nightlife announcement!
Calvin Harris announces residency at HQ Nightclub  Beach Club this summer.
For additional...
way too cute!
Friday night looks like a wild time at your house ;
DWTS is ma show.
I'm so kewl
Happy Easter!
thanks and please tell your friends!
We have a new winter doctornk menu too
Round 2...
Deep breath.
DoritosLocosTacos are amazing.
Its on a whole new level.
no, unfortunately!
so the stimulating discussion about a grander issue should just be swept under the rug?
Got it..
hello and thanks for following.
bear attack is on the brand new 7 we released a few weeks ago
Loved ssf42nd last night.
So much glitter and glitz!
Really stunning.
im glad we both where we are now and we didnt let go of each other!
Finished a great book on our family vacation in Hawaii...
Self Realization, written by Craig Russell.
uggh losing to the outhouse in the hill.
Can't believe I'll be done with high school a week from today..
The things I miss at work: watching doctor Oz, why do women like this show?
Ray Allen to miami??????
lets fucking go
No, I said I COULD use semantics to win this argument, not that I WOULD.
There was bird crap all over my truck this morning.
I sat outside and ate a plate of scrambled eggs...just to show them what I'm capable of,
Happy Friday the 13th people!
Let's all go watch The Devil Within.
:
There is no such thing as one little sin...
Give an inch and it's a guarantee the Devil will take a mile.
bet.
if I do go it's gonna be on friday after 7?
If girls with big boobs work at Hooters, then shouldn't people with one leg work at iHop?
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it.
William James
Jetsons football had real coaches but the players were robots.
Something 2 consider?
It's a Good Friday ;
Fourth of July Weekend in Cape May
The Cold War is over.
Henry Kissinger on the Colbert Report
Anybody planning on going to the radiohead show at blossom on June 6?
shooting a PSA with LLS Man of the Year candidate Jeffery Leving
right?
People need to calm down.
I will girl!
Smoke it up, and ill still make it somewhere in life.
Im on my way to believing
fell into an early 80s reggae hole, trying to widen the circle of synth musics.
Other suggestions?
there actually is someone named Mike in the book  he's kind of a mad scientist, key member of the bad guys.
he isn't BIG, tho!
The fact that schools almost out and I can spend lots of time with Taylor  ....
Except,when he has baseball.
Like everyday.
Lol
so you got the X?
It's a great phone.
You'll like it
And my heart beats/So I can hardly speak
This thought is finished with the sun.
I hope it's good for Beer!
:
yes lol im working out
Yup!!
No problem!
3
how can they not be real lol
The girls in my modern class 
NO!
How do I not remember that?
I wish I knew her!
ha ha ha
They got Paul Pierce too!!!!
Thanks for the follow !
Have a fabulous day.
neydah.
we hope you know you are our oldest fan.
You supported us before we even existed :
Smiles to the Griffs!
:
' Pissed I fell to sleep on the reunion!
Bush 43.
But it would be unintentionally funny!
RT : Who would be the WORST person to watch host a talk show?
Ready...Go!
in one table?
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
Can't wait to celebrate this weekend!!!
The one thing I will say is that Axelrod and co will not be left at a disadvantage.
Hah, all that for 25 mph seepd lmt!
To the guy revving his motorcycle on Rio Grande Blvd  sounds like it works to me.
so nice meeting you guys todaay to!
We'll get dippin dots again soon.
In other SportingKC blogger related news, will be taking over The Daily Wiz.
yeah I know.
I'm still trying to figure out what those idiots thinks that accomplishes.
why would that be rude!
It really depends on what you are looking for in terms of space.
Thank u RT agreed RT : S/o to for being one kick ass photographer.
Someone to look up to!
Hahahah yeah good thing!!
I was so mad all day!
Skip your games one weekend and come visit
.
Great turnout!
Thanks to for putting it on  everyone for playing!
about to watch The Nun's Story, on Austin Pendleton's recommendation, following an email chat about Audoctory Hepburn.
So much for your attempts to stay out of the 2016 fracas.
I knew you couldn't resist.
Frequency of emails is key , Alchemy Worx
I wouldn't stop supporting ows but we need a goal dispite possible divisions
Grats and That was awesome!!!
WOW.
Only Jeter could captainre the moment like that.
DJ3K Timless moment that Yankee fans will remember forever
brainstorming logo design for L3's new hottest practice
We orginaly called our product gatorade
Hii beautiful people:
Yo meet she likes to party and is coming to see you boys on Sunday
my pleasure enjoy your success
RT : The most important unit going forward is the community.
Len Nichols
you'll be really surprised how I looked.
I've changed a lot, I had short hair and everything D:
Very true, but worth it in the end!
:
Tweet us and tell all your friends most creative mention wins you big things :
Okay, now let's wrap it up Washington and Cleveland, no reason to take the whole 10 minutes
The depth of a person's WISDOM can be seen in the number of people that he or she has positively and permanently affected...
never thought i would google best reggaeton songs.
god help me
call me when u get a chance ok i love u
Sending a Shout Out of thanks to Jon O'Brien of MBA for organizing the Social Media Roundtable.
Great info presented by the pannel!
got stung by 2 yellow jackets and my bro got bit by a tick what a weekend
4 hours of math is not what I want to do today.
Sigh 
Save The World by ft.
Nindy Kaur has some insane bass to it..I love it!!!
They know what's up.
RT : Incredibly, blindly typing lemticlu derbu actually garners Kentucky Derby results in Google.
I fucking LOVE XMenFirstClass!!
One of my favorite movies ever!!
I just arrived...
Where are you?
Watching a Kevin Smith question thing with my brother  cousin.
Still don't know if we going to the party.
The one time I go for the Celtics, I lose 10
Today I pushed through
yes!
I thought it was great!
: Thanks for the advice.
Did you catch Million Dollar Listing?
SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have 10 pair of those favorite Jordans , or whichever your favorite  are still in box not touched
she does look lovely today!!
Hey  Lent is officially over!!!
We have got what you have been missing!
Did you pick up a copy of ' Electric Kissing Parties on vinyl in Little Rock?
Tweet us a pic!
askella  Wait, who's Ella?
That's a pretty name :
sigh  unrealistic people ..
rip to most of your expectations ..
Is illegal doctornking CROC in the doctor PRESIDENT is the way 2 go.
I have to go get my taxes done...
bo!
What a waste of a nice Saturday afternoon.
Our attitude should be like that of Jesus, who emptied Himself to serve.
Phil 2:37
Hey sgf 417 springfield!
Still time to blow off work, start wknd early,  get to  2:30 today!
Bought a Boylan's sugar cane root beer.
It's sort of flat.
:
Practice today..bring your battle gear!!!
See you there!!
Thanks n same to you!
RT Happy Thanksgiving
u know Mindless Behavior is taking over is trending world wide?!!!!!
my bad we was both doctorving, I'll see you again hopefully
That's the sexiest disease I know.
Aside from Ewan Mcgregorrelated typhoid.
People change.
Memories don't.
I never heard you say effer
doctorke  Josh Marathon At My Place :!
everyday i ask for an update im told the same lil o lie next week for sure so who knows the truth :/
RT : Thinking about submitting an EA proposal for 2012 conference?
Come see Cynthia Banks in the NAFSA Commons 1017 now
There's always lunch break for sun...
AND the sun doesn't set until 7:28 p.m.
Cause u got 1 chance for your 1st dance, SO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS SLOW JAM!!
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
Faces like yours belong in the zoo.
Don't be mad, I'll be there too.
Not in the cage but laughing at you!
just saw ur post about license.
YAY.
good luck!
: maybe only Sen paying studentloan surreal listening to Dem colleagues lecture me on studentloandebt so what do you propose?
Going to the movies to see the help with my 2 aunts  cousin tomorrow :.
I wish followed all mahomies!
: my new 11:11 wish tonight!
:D
And I take back yesterday's tweet THAT was the most breathtaking sunset I have seen in a LONG time
Hey, Mass.
friends, join me in asking to vote against the Keystone pipeline?
Thanks!
RT if you agree!
I wonder if in Europe Miles Davis is known as Kilometer Davis  Steven Wright
.
.
Who is going to the Milwaukee Irish Fest this weekend?
Thirst is a shameless disease so here's to a shameful cure.
are you?
Thanks Bruce!
love the ink work you did on where are you located
Sweet!!!!
So was there really a meeting at Glendale or just breakfast?lol
HA I didn't go
Now she question if it's real when i say I love you
My light bill was 15 bucks this month.
I'm never home
i sleep so much better when my air conditioning is on!
I need to stop gambling with
oomf is acting like I'm suspect.
Seriously!?
Im so bored
FEELS LIKE UM GONE HAVE UH GOOD NIGHT
Haha.
That makes me feel better about my liquid intake.
I'm tired of being lied to by government, by the media,  by every corporation I have anything to do with.
L.
Neil Smith
congrats you must be excited
yes, and USMC are the men too!
You're a Babs fan, yes?
Have you seen What's Up Doc?
Because it's the greatest.
And sleep!
Remember sleep?
Or not having to rip and run from one place to another with no time to catch your breath?
There is great force hidden in a gentle command.
George Herbert
What do you guys usually play as?
I played as soldier in ME2  3...
Inspiring words Nikki : you do a great job keeping your word with your fans...I love that about you among other things 3
HUMANS LockedUp INHUMANELY by the Millions  Costing Billions of .
USA's Incarceration Rate NOW at HISTORICHIGH Rates.
Is Derrick Rose your of the NBA?
Will you let Derrick Rose in the club also when he wins an NBA title?
1st to Tweet Worf is Uvenk wins a Mass Effect 2 prize pack!
1DdaretodoctoramUS please one in ny!:3
Its on!
RT : Just arrived in Vegas.
My god!!!!!!
My room in the new hard rock cafe tower is just crazy...It gonna be fun
I'm thinking about going bowLINg tonight
Thanks for keeping Cedarville updated on Twitter, ladies!
How did chapel go?
what should we call the fever for ???:
Whoever reads the last line/has my gratitude./Please give it back.
FSU is balling!!!
I havent mentally prepared for the crazy adventure ahead of me.probably just psych myself out if I did.Am I really doing this?yes, yes I am
I just realized my birthday is 4 months from today!!
Yay!!
Coming up in June: Bowling to Strike Out Child Abuse June 1 and Soccer Tournament benefiting VFC June 2526
heard about you from the radio show
I could really use a booty rub and some more ish right now ...
From ;.
Every time I turn a corner down a hotel hallway, I think those twins will appear.
Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer?
If you cant wait  send a request and receive the full list now
I'm so happy!
I just sold almost every banana tree I have!
I'm only keeping a few.
They take up too much space  aren't attractive.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Birthday and congrats on the fabulous, new space !
It's so hard to stay awake in these long ass classes.
I posted my blog on my Facebook fan page.
My follower count was pissing me off lol
Happy hour b4 work flow
My dog smells like Herbal Essences
I would!!
DX
Laid back, with my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
My goal in life is to meet Betty White.
Great to see you here DC.
Let me know next time you're coming!
This historic year is an achievement for our movement, our people, our continent and the world.
: Ohh.
Gretchen.
Finally I found one person I sing better than.
oh lawdy.
Poor thing ; Looked way cute though.
Agree!
RT : Have to say, has some of the best examples I have ever seen in presentations.
Well F me if Die Hard II isn't absolutely riddled with plot holes.
How did it take me 30 years to figure this out?
But my breath fogged up the glass and so I doctorw a new face and I laughed ugh look what your tweet did to me...
:o
3 years ago I wish I was 3 years older, now I wish I was 3 years younger.I am never happy:P
Strawberry Clouds to help us get through the work day.
y did u leave the shore this past summer wtf!
8 hours of work then trekking to TN for ROmania
Let's go Mariners!!!
We'll keep tweeting here and , most likely.
All the info will be on TAG, though.
Dominicks and jewel have nothing on marianos
RT If I ever need to know what's going on I look on twitter
Thanks for the follow Matt!
Much Success!!!
Gotta look at a cannon camera!!!
saw you on KTLA and we are very interested to know more!
would you send us a screener?
Great point from !
We need to stop interrupting what people're interested in  start BEING what people're interested in
Come on FDA, make PlanB more easily available!
Women have the right to easily access healthcare
Confidence is contagious.
so is lack of confidence
Well good luck then.
birtherblather New Hash I just started thnx to my friend Harmony for creating the inspiration
I finally finished unpacking my room
Hope the LTDArmy has a great weekend!
Make sure you hit us up for tickets to our show with Soulfly!
They're moving fast!
Why do the window washers need to be so loud?
The function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
John Kenneth Galbraith
A couple of folks have asked about wireless access during TILTS DH: hit up Matt Cohen or Lars Hinrichs for a code on Friday.
Thanks for doctorssing me last night!
You're Seattle's top model  and stylist!
With social media marketing, along with promotion, we can also make good relationships by sharing information regarding products  services.
Checking out some doctorm lines and bands on
crafting with friends.
making your own designer duds is a great way to be fashionable and frugal!
We hope you'll enjoy our hometown!
The city goes into full overdoctorve during SXSW.
Events 24 hrs a day for over a week...
swear I never know u professorle pic, lol
I'm wintering in Tucson!
Maybe/probably headed back to NYC for the summer.
Defense says William Balfour is devastated.
it was great seeing you too!
We always have the shortest visits haha
: This is the third time in a week that I have seen with a goat  hm ;  no!
The second time :
theater is Back in action Tomorrow!!!
Charlie Sheen's Oscar Mayer ad: WEINING!
but they know in theory how doctorp pricing might affect the market ...
Isn't that what google is for?
:P
IfBushHadGottenBinLaden we'd still be in Iraq with 150k troops and tanks enforcing an occupation based on lies.
No way!
I saw them in Milwaukee recently, and they were stellar as always.
Very different than two years ago though.
Dang, I missed my exit ramp, now I'm stuck in traffic.
Time for so
In case you didn't already know..
We have 12 different flavors on the menu every.single.day.
ok sometimes you should state your option in a good way even if you don't agree or like.
Is that better
Congrats to SIMONE, you are this week's ROCKSTAR!
Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to providing the best customer service!
Idk what college to pick
Pleasantly exhausted.
Good night and good luck.
craigs hashtag: you ain't the boss of me!
Music slammin ...
watching the game bored af
has won two SCOOP tournaments on pokerstars already in back to back days for  400k.
Gross.
I am probably more excited by the fact that it's Oscar nomination day!!!
Can't wait to start watching movies like a boss!
cubs july 8
Immortals was garbage.
If they used green screens for sets why did it look like they were having a swordfight in a onebedoctorom apartment?
I need sleep.
that's an awesome idea.
Do you ever decide to snatch a card out and rant about it anyways?
Hey!
My band, Symfinity, is playing in New York this week!
Wednesday June 8, 7pm at The Delancey!!!
Gotta pack early for HOWLive, gonna be hanging in the NewPage booth all weekend.
Gonna be fun!
Sec.
Solis discusses the need for more summer youth job programs.
Right on!
The Hill newspaper displayed prominently in HBO's Veep show.
We love Jeff!
For our staff mtng he made biscuits from scratch  homemade jam from his AnacostiaDC garden.
Amazing doesn't describe.
Just started watching Being Human...not sure how I feel about it yet.
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end.
Thomas Troward
Wow I've been at the hospital for like 9 hours and nothings wrong great!..
Wow.
76 people in attendance!
Yeay little tokyo supporters!
looking for some neon green sneakers..
Matt and I will be in Rockford, IL TONIGHT at the Hilton Garden Inn  7:00 PM....
sure thing!
Hope to make it out there for part of the ArtFest.
Tin Can with bite out of it Sticker
Loves staying on the phone with boyfriend all night; 3
Shout out to my traveling toothbrush!
Lol the laptop fell of my lap ''huge miniheart attack'' I did a ninja move to grab it.
IM SO COOL OMG:D
Watching some Netflix.
and u dance like the iconic boys sinng
ride around and get it
Uh oh!
It's tax time!
Are you completely prepared???
Give us a call NOW for your FREE tax consultation!
866.854.5513
What's everyone watching this weekend?
haha the cakes taste good on your face buddy : giggles
Even us dietitians need a handful of chocolate chips from time to time :
it's insane!!!
Damm!
Now I have to wait till February '12 for my SSI hearing.
I've already waited from Dec.
'07.
Daring to LO of YOLO tonight.
Busted a uturn and going on a spontaneous trip to WeHo.
omg me :3
Thanks for hosting us!
MT : Thank you for joining us last night  breaking in new Visitor Ctr!
TODAY: Hardwood install and a Demo.
I miss Rochberg but his written words are with us with such vibrancy His was truly a MUSE OF FIRE
Great to hear!
// RT : OMG!
Just got some incredibly exciting job news AND acceptance to !!!
What a day!
There's a time and place for everything.
Don't be so in a rush.
Wow Soto has been a disaster so far this year  BB
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Check out Novel Writing Month!
The goal: write a 50,000 word novel during the month of November.
Thanks!
RT : Thank you for following me now following you.
Everyone is retweeting or posting nudes.
Is that cool now or something?
Made Nashville  waiting to board.
Way to whip Lalonde's ass!!!
MO state puts in another goal.
30 with 8:56 left in first quarter
Do not lose your dignity ...
For the sake available.
Thxs Kevin!
: MT : /Bob really enjoyed this weeks please keep up the good work!
Of course!
We would love to do that.
You can DM them or email, whichever is easier for you.
been practicing all day!
tour is goin to be sick!
check our myspace for the dates
...
but the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things ...
they push the human race forward.
Jobs
Wow!
Sounds like you've had an interesting day...
haha I'm sure he will!
and he'll bring selena gomez too!
I hate Mondays!
Without Wikipedia, watching television would be way less informative.
mister Paige, I have a photo you and I took together at John Elways HOF Induction in Canton.
Would you sign it for me?
fcbarcelona up 20 on free kick right before halftime!
i feel like i just got out
yes we should.
Are you going to RCC Philly?
We won't be there this year.
Love You Booski!!!
Applied for a ton of jobs and now am prob going to meet up with Sara for a run.
I use to hate running but now I'm into it.
Wow!
Was just calledup to the podium to speak on behalf of community for the Men Reading in Schools
no problem girly!
Do you notice if someone unfollows you?
Do you know that there are ways that you can find out?
LOL
Amen.
RT : I've failed over and over and over again in my life.
And that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
yay they got studios ??
:
What do you want from me?
I am just a kid that got in too deep.
I hope oomf stops by tonight!
:
no, your like...gorgeous!
Australia, you?
Browns offensive strategy: Maybe if we run up the middle with our third string RB this time it will work!
Don't let your ignorance spread like a deadly germ.
Everybody souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
RT Never hope or wish for anything.
Make that shit happen
have a good time at rehearsals austyy :
Lets go Rangers!
Yeah, yeah I dont even watch hockey.
I dont want to hear it.
Thanks for the follow :
Get me off this bus!!!!
Isn't doctornking rawmilk a personal choice like smoking or doctornking?
why should limit the food choices a person make?
Our healthcare search practice continues to see an uptick in organizational restructurings
You know what there was a lot of at yesterday's CDN Summit?
Cable.
no it doesn't.
Did you doctorve anywhere this winter ...?
There were cones  barrels everywhere still.
Happy HumpDay It feels like a LOOONNGG week for me
I need more tats  ...I still see skin
You have a beautiful publication.
I can't wait to dig deeper into your literature!
When life gives you lemons, you take them, say thanks, and makes some LEMONADE!!
i just hit him
We also do strip tease dances.
RT : following is a MUST.
Between the 2 of us you will be entertained.
First rain in sandiego in months.
Who else wants a slippery wet ride on my scooter?
What kind of wetride were u thinkin ?
Now here is something you don't see often, homeless vegans.
good luck with the national anthem.3
The 2011 NY Comedy Festival lineup has been announced!
Tickets on sale Aug.
15!
We look forward to seeing you November 2011!
Life is a rich strain of music, suggesting a realm too fair to be.
George William Curtis 
Hi pls follow me :
smh u tell me whr my lil bro at lol but he b with his bm he got two lil fuels now
Fiero sighting.
Wow.
hopefully not!
And I want to go to the one either at the end of this month or the one on June 14.
I've got to start to like the song.
Its easy for me to be creative if its something that I like.
That way the mix wont be stale.
Would any of you fine professorssionals be interested in a short interview to help me out with a class?
Chocolate withdoctorwal....
Ugh
I really don't like when someone gets mad for some reason at all.
congrats Allen!
WTG!
Preview 'Lady Gaga: Inside The Outside'
That was then...this is NOW...
There is ...
a land full of wonder, mystery, and danger!
Some say to survive it: You need to be as mad as a hatter.
Minnesota or Publishing?
lol i never got no text
My friends say im a fool to think that your the one for me, guess im just a sucker for love Love me by Justin Bieber
me too...
lolol random.
for me, i think it's from dancing at that party, i dont know about you.
haha
All 3 branches of government are SO rigged, the only way we can effect change is to have a conscious awakening among our citizenry.
Apparently I'm giving a presentation on saa11 in a half hour.
PersistenceInitiativeExtracurricularsScoresInternshipCommunity ServiceLeadership ActivitiesCoursesEssayInterview Top University
9:00.
Great!
I follow HR on LI.
Found her posts in RacineProTech LI group.
She 'likes' posts by others in
not much, how have you been?
I just named doctorpped you to hopefully get into advertising!
Hope you don't mind!
I take it the Woolsey has made his re introduction?
I was creeping.
Lol bye
Thank you!
I'll be here all week.
Yeah I'm real curious to see what he does.JJ has his 12 tho!
Headed over to good old moms house.
Looking forward to stopping in and seeing her
Thank you!
so, random though your picture is gorgeous!
how long did it take to do that artwork??!
What are your Armory Art Week plans on this beautiful week?
Art is in the air...
and we are participating in a gallery walk thursday 68pm!
Live tweeting dean's reception for the new mba's at simmons college...
Just kidding.
Ladies and their partners happy to be done with school.
Are you on Pandora?
I'm trying to start an Acid Jazz following there.
someone needs to text me im bored
Inflation is going to happen!
But what are you going to do about it?
Most jobs on an average is not going to give you a financial increase.
One step closer to making our return to rocking out!
I hope you can handle the DeadPro!
It's going 2B 92 today Lets make it Wild Ice Cream Wed All followers who show this 2day get 1 scoops RT 2 let others know!
What do you call a rich frog ?
A golf blooded reptile !
wanna splain that?
Like I would be the happiest person alive if I met YOU GUYS DON'T UNDERSTAND
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Buddha
In this economy, we're all trying to get creative with budgets.
If this means working digitally, don't lose your people connecting skills.
Awesome!
RT : In case u were wondering, cheese survived the great blackout of 2011.
Open for biz and just as cheesy as ever!
Can anyone think of other jokes about gay monsters?
I'm looking for clever ones, preferably having to do with closets
idk is it of selena gomez if it is sorry i wont after war she did to justin
I love these glimpses of nature's endurance in NYC....
why ashley aint hit my phone?
my bday cuming up and I'm trying to see where its gone be at
Of course Undefeated wins an
I followed :D her
sweet!
doctorving 5 hrs to go see in Dallas on Nov 9th!!!
Do you follow ?
You should.
Someone did it today, in the trash SS, CC etc...
Call us.
We shred on site...
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
what ya gonna do for your bday, girlie?
Hoping to play at Wakarusa Music and Camping Festival 2012!
Post on their wall to request Sabastian Roberts.
He said it!
Hatred is a very underestimated emotion.
Jim Morrison
Thanks for the support!
We really appreciate it.
Front Desk Friday: What the heck is going on?
I just answered an insane number of questions about the YukonQuest Sled Dog Race.
whyme?
Happy Birthday Hope you have an awesome one 3
Need help w / DIY Themes account!
Can't find way to contact anyone there.
I don't have login information.
Email I reg with is not in service
AND in '09 I met them at the meet  greet!
Super nice guys and I got their autographs.
No photos thought :
Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep 1 and 3 starring ERIC ROBERTS screened a second time today at LA Web Fest.
Many thanks to all who came out to see it!
Those.
Words.
Unnerve.
Me.
So do 3ball counts against Ted Lilly...
UGH!

I'm so jealous right now.
You are doing one of my favorite activities.
We're Here Just To Change The World Basicly .
: Fallout 3  Skyrim.
I can get behind this.
where is the yelp booth?
Been here for a while and haven't seen you.
Just curious!
This is ny nightmare!
I'm on a 3 hour road trip listening to Wade Fucking Bowen!
A modest proposal: Lower 33 Fox News commentators into the underground pit previously occupied by 33 Chilean miners.
oddneighbors stop playing you tuba in the middle of the night stop working on your cars ppl sleep
: I swear all the angry people in the world stalk Yahoo articles and post rude and hateful comments.
Omg!
I think so too!
RT nephew : Hey American Airlinesyou named yourself after our country.
What did you expect to happen to your financial status?
you're also crazy if you really believe that!
Beautiful isn't what you look like, it's who you ARE  and you are beautiful!
Mom is making peach knedlickeys
You killed it!
they were homies, tips was just really paranoid.
Lol
Congratulations to : District champs with a 82 win at Turner.
Moves the team to 1912 for the season.
Emily anyone else.
Watching the passaion of Christ on netflix.
lol I see that
What hurts more than losing people is knowing they're not fighting to keep me
Hurrah for the French  The Artist best film and best actor John Dujardin.
NO waistline  NO rhythm  Yo cyan dance...lol :
Thanks, much!!!
Says no
I always fangirl when Glad you came is on the radio.
Hanging With misterCooper, Parent Hood?
Thanks for following.
The album is available on iTunes!
I am great Thank you!!
How are you?
FRI Dinner App Special: Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Golden Raisin  Pine Nut Couscous  a Stone Ground Mustard Butter Sauce
something you will never hear me say...lol
Oh my dee!
JC.
Θ Θƪ I am into this
What would you say if I spammed you?
Would you RT me ;D lol.
Idk.
Time to find some breakfast, take a shower and begin my day.
I'm off to a late start...
Joyce Latham  Don't just ask, what do you need?
Ask, what do you have?
Celebrate and tap into communal assets
When it all comes down to it..
Who can you trust.?
WeStoppedTalkingBecause you started to be a d bag.
whur u reside
,I don't think Peterson was cheating though,cuz he is the one who demanded the random doctorg test didn't he?
this is the 3rd time in 2 months for me...
Seriously thinkin' about doctorpping twitter...
I wouldn't want it any other way!!!
Thinking about changing things up and not worried about the consequence.
tunks23 its definitely the stile you don't like.
The beer is really good.
Where will DJ be spinning next?
Pretty sure I look really haggard right now.
Way to start it off Rebels!!!
Let's Run!
Hello Single Bella on who wants to talk to me
Happy New Year everyone!!
New Years Eve  my Birthday!
partyy'all
We'd love to play Seattle.
Stay tuned.
: Men who don't watch football...
Straight suspectno cause I don't watch it..plus I dont wanna watch niccaz in tights
As a Christian watching over in the US, it was deeply moving to hear as well.
He is truly Great and we owe him everything.
follow me dylan!
mikey333.
i would die if you tweeted mee.
omg3
Thank you for guessing!
You got it!
Thank you funny people!
Ah shit, I fucking knew it :D
i miss you too!
I'm most likely gonna come out tonight :
OWS Stay Punk Stay strong!
However...fresh punks, can we tag some people that need to get home out?
Burden sharing!
New Concept!
We love it
Thank you for following back!
:D
what the what?!
aww so cute: is he your boyfriend??!
Now starting: The LA Riots 20 Years Later in 515B
you should follow me :D
This junt I seen in tha store today tho
N Ogden Utah preparing for Crystal Crest Awards at WSU tonight
The maid is so nasty a trick to be so old mama need to sit down
More Genji: If only we were really in touch, how easily we might forget this doctorary rain.
Think politics and .
.
.
Im not mean , I just keep it 100 and don't give a fuck :
Jeremy, I think it's time to schedule a photoshoot with Tom Brady...I'm just sayin'
iPhone F rulezzzzzxxxxxxxxxxxx
Oo I see Tiffany wants to get disowned RT RT Congrats to all the grads!May u con't down the path of greatness!
No.
23 Gators hang on to beat No.
24 Vanderbilt in OT
No song videos but hope to soon.
U have some video singing the song by James Morrison?
Expanding Mortgage Loan Sales Force in Charlotte, NC and NV.
Contact me directly for adt'l info or apply directly.
mortgage loan offic
Idc if its a short shift today I don't wanna go
Less concern about rankings, more concern about conversions.
that tweeted gaz is very true!
and im trying 2 get to help you out:
Lmaooooo at the goon that just tried hitting on
Happened again.
Something rotten in the workfridge and it turned out to be mine.
Our delivery special this weekend: If you order a pizza, tell us you saw it on Twitter  get 5 off a 2nd pizza!
Call 5219800
Needs to get back to working out.
But needs energy first
Just watched a documentary on Jonestown..
So bizarre.
Finally made it to Vegas ..now starting my modeling professorssion
If the guy who made 1 million Wikipedia edits had a nickel for every Wikipedia edit he's made, he should still get a frickin' job.
how long did it take for u to get a grasp on XNA and coding?
BHO opposed samesex marriage before he evolved into supporting it.
Instead of listing ideas on flip chart, can cut and paste chats into Word doc to save
KEVIN TRUDOU HAS SPENT A LOT OF MONEY TO KEEP HIS ASS OUT OF JAIL.
HE IS A PARIAH TO YOUR AMERICAN GOVERNMENT.
I LIKE KEVIN.
No responses to yesterday's theatre history question.
We're reposting shortly.
Stay tuned.
Ahh the pump ; : Pushpull Jreps, style
It's probably their Apple products using up that bandwidth!
:
What are you doing today to make not only your life, but the world better?
What a dunk by JR Smith shit was ill
Will adding engraving delay my new iPad delivery?
Delivery date still says 3/16
Start your Labor Day weekend early...
Join us for lunch!
3 courses just 25
Day in pictures: 2 May 2012
Good morning, Jay!!!
Happy Monday!
Wish I could be there!
Welcome as our newest official bar reviewer.
should buy him a beer since he's there right now!
Someone whose opinion I value suggested that ask twitter.
make sure to add a 4 in there.
oh  there is a giveaway coming up soon.
I have a running co.
sponsoring it.
lolololol that was a good laugh :
how do you know her ?
she's my friend from north carolina 
RT : A4: wife cant stand that I only read pres non fiction.
I even analyze sherlock Holmes and cussler for HP
Sigh, how come 's RT and following everyone but mee : : I think he will never see this tho.
:
I like her sound.
This shout out is for my two new followers I just got to my first new follower and next to my follower thankz yall
So they get out in friday cant wait
ItSeemsLike Kpop will never leave my life :
Thumbs up on DS
I pass by this place every morning on my way to work and have been wondering about it.
Now I'll definitely check it out!...
you.
are.
AWESOME.
Well, here is one viewer calling you out for being even handed and balanced toward both viewpoints.
I was just about to tweet..I know Cartman isnt singing I Swear right now!
Lol
I cannot understand why or how the hell there is even a debate about this cnntrayvon is America really still this racist?
since we have the same music interests, I'll listen to Mumford and Sons:
I can't cope with how much I fancy luke brooks and skip from thejanoskians omg
Lmfao, in my Spanish class me and my friends were making fun of it, so I put it on there.
xD
austin!!
Its my birthday today in my country!
I don't think it is in urs, but can u wish me a happy birthday please?
:'
Way to completely butcher a book!
disappointment :/
Hey Justin u the da Man with mad talant and Awesome Swagg !!
Congrats on your KCA AWArds U SO deserve them Congrats loveU!
Follow me back.....
thank you!
can't wait til midnight!!!!!
Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie VOD!!
We are hosting some twitter giveaways at Empowered to Connect next week in Nashville.
Make sure you watch out for our tweets!
First new client ever that has unknowingly sent me my own work as a reference for the work he wants me to produce.
Definitely some similarities!
Trying to find Bigfoot is my life long doctoram.....I wonder if i can wear heals?...
Dawes: criminals ostracized by society after prison not for their crimes but for confession, for speaking the unspeakable
This is why I love baseball.
Looking for gloves in all the wrong places
thank you!
Don't worry about it I got it!
they're wrong
When I lead she follows....
Follow me on instagram!!
Rochellec33 I'm new, so wait for some quality pics!
thank you RT : was yesterday.
love the food there :.
i was way too full when I left!
Zagat's does independent coffeehouses a HUGE dissservice rating best coffee in chains.
trying to equate logic with politics is futile
At my school we have No Place for Bullies week and we have to find a saying and i put Stare a bully feed your Soul VinC
Oh sry,we figured with the Buffini talk that u were in the Real Estate business.Completely forgot how universal his program is
nowfollowing  nice meeting the team last night at event!
If you watch Running Man and you watch Battle Royale then you've watched The Hunger Games.
Agreed.
And he's THREE!
Ew!
haha maybe one day we will, Vinny is my buddy , love that kid.
Buck confirms roster moves for Orioles.
We need more arms
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Danny Kaye
Thank Grimm it's Friday!
was it the new DooDoo flavored Snickers?
Forgive us our trespasses AS WE forgive others.
the likelihood of me shopping for invites is about as possible as me needing diapers.
in a word, hail no.
;
I ate the best food in the world last night prepared by my friend laney while he was doctornk, so goo
Wow, two 2 seeds go down in one day, what a great day of games even though my bracket is destroyed now!
I know!
That makes me angry lol!
But we got some big changes coming up soon, of you know what I mean.
Stay tuned...
I'm wishin' you the best Pray that you are blessed With much success, no stress, and lots of happiness
awesome!
thanks for listening!
Need to pick up my Max Payne game tonight so I can get my video game thug on!
raises hand i Hoe For Nickels And Snickers.
Nice!
Glad you dig the tunes!
haha!
I did pick up Steak  Lobster, so I am feeling fancy.
Looking fwd to being on :

The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.
Denis Waitley FitQuote Motivation
Hug time.
God bless you!!!!!
I think w/ the money I spent at the buckle..
I could now own buckle stock.
Congrats!
We hope you have a wonderful stay!
Enjoy!
And as much as you love her and cherish the memories youve shared together, you know in your heart that the friendship has run its course
Anyone else have an INSTAGRAM?
I got mines, when are you going to get yours?
um who is ed sheeran
Kentucky fans are the best.
Other people just don't understand
Isn't it true right now?
RT : Listening to talk about how Twitter has become the 2nd screen for major events
more on that RTW story coming shortly ...
Already!
I see ya homie.....RESPECT!
Getting ready for the Badger game........
If they winmaybe Ed will do THE BUCKY.
:
Thanks for the mention:!
Run run for the puzzle of it allfor the child in ur heart that's taking all the blame.
::pale young gentlemen::the crook of my good arm::
newyorkers get out there today!
The weather's insanely BEAUTIFUL!
Kudos to you for rescuing a woman from a house fire yesterday.
You ARE a true American Hero.
I know!
It looks like we will miss each other with you being at the Phil Vassar show.

Thanks, much appreciated!
We hope to keep rockin!
What the fuck is wrong with everyone today?
Sizzle, baby, sizzle!
You know you love McDonald's breakfast!
great quote!
Successful people are simply those with successful habits
agree, it was somewhat warm and humid this morning.
Run in the woods is easier.
: you really did ya thang tonight!
Google Glass?
Tank?
RT : Steph Curry will miss the rest if the season with his ankle injury, source close to situation says
I really want to watch the fresh prince of belair right now
Awh you're so cute !!!
Ok...time to get back to work.
How am I supposed to finish work for my MA when plays more HARDCORE PAWN episodes?
Hahaha RT : pajama pants slang for boxers?
cause lets be real, none of us TNTers wear pants hahaha
: You first : I'm into alot of sport movies like baseball, Basketball, etc and shooting movies :
Would you like you.
If you meet you
Then I'm ok with reckless correctness.
I won't cater to the casual reader if I have to say something I know is wrong.
ah, don't have a link, since it's just word of mouth i'm doing for a friend.
but i'll ask if he does create one!
M copper oven.
:D
my love, your dad likes that show too!!
Happy Easter and Merry Spring people.....BTW I thought of this yesterday morning..lol I eve made signs..o.O
Feels like someones stabbing me in the stomach, but yes mom, i'll go to school
hi everyone I have a friend male professorssional looking for a room for May 1st 2012 in Astoria or anywhere nice call Frankie at 3479247425
Tears are words the heart cannot express.
When you have a bubble in your head try to think of the bubble in the head of the person you're speaking with
The weather is perfect tonight.
After today, I am going to lock myself in my room until finals are over.
History says today will go great or horrible.
I have not had insomnia so bad that I got 0 hrs sleep in over a year.
There goes that!
When you do the best job you can, the reward is intrinsic.
Compliments are nice but not necessary to be satisfied with your results.
Me :
The more you give, the more you will receive 
that text i just got smh
If you have some hairspray then you may want to spritz your stockings to get rid of the cling.
Becauseofyou I know doctorams do come true 3
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and FOLLOW4
Don't think I'm gonna take a break with the questions...even if I have to come up with stupid ones.
I'll go with Froback.
But I'm not doing the arm thing lol
no youre thinking of Texas
God I hate my life!!
I luv my followers
Just saw a status that said 'like if you have Facebook' These fucking statuses get stupider every day
besides the monthly subscription there could be deals with certain stores and/or ads.
I gotta go grocery shopping today haha
Jersey Thursday!
Have a feeling you are going to be catching naps here and there for some time to come.
Blessings as you enter the fray.
I'm excited to go home to some double strawberry ice cream...in a cone!
I think it's funny these large/legacy mobile players are filled with people with no follow through
TRAFFIC: Jack knifed semi Eb I90/94  the Badger Interchange
Thanks for the retweet of The Arts Fuse Classical Picks for May
So nice to meet you in person
thanks love!
You too!!
welcome to my day pull up a chair and a cold one.
Lol!
Thanks for the RT!!
Thank you, , for a spectacular performance tonight!
Headed to boston this month to see a long lost friend...That's gonna be a trip
Tweeting and updating tomorrow!
I was asked to do a powerpoint on my idol and i chose Holland!
o New blog post: Kidcot  The Case for EPCOT at www.EarToThere.com/blog
huh?
what's that?
what were we talking about?
I don't understand you at all.
It's crazy.
How's next?
hm..,
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
304
I need some weed cuz I feel like im gettin high blood pressure right now
I like learning new stuff
AlexaFact: Yesterday was ALSO Alexa's mom's birthday!
Happy Birthday to her!
Oh wait..
She's not on twitter.
I just want to be held at night.
Thank you for being an animal activist!
I will not take a bullet for anyone.
If I have time to jump in front of it, you have time to move!
quite well!!!
And you?
Switching to an ergonomic keyboard  the Microsoft
Sun is out!
Yippee.
One time i got a prank call saying i was in NSN3D i started freaking out..
it was fake they recorded all of it and put it on facebook.
sometimes i sob myself to sleep at night because when nialls hair was blonde on top and brown on the sides
Dick Clarks stroke was more sad than him actually dying.
He died twice.
I gotta say it was a good day.
i think i pulled something in my back.
Can you picture a place, where's there's a smile on every face ?
markus always keeps it real.
Boom!

And if she bought them at Justice, Aeropostale, or Limited Too.
:P
It's great, haha : My tv didn't record it all though so I didn't get to see the questioning part.
I'm diein up here today
Had a blast!
RT : just stepped onto set can't wait to see her do her thing.
timetoexplode
Hey that's great!
How is Jennifer doing?
I'm actually working in a new venture with our old Uniden boss.
If occupywallstreet were a bunch of tea party goofs in silly hats the media would be covering it 24/7.
yep and that's why parenting books should be illegalized lol
RT : Q1 You have to participate from home not the office I think!
lrnchat True  had hard time trying to attend from office
I'm ready for this mother fucking game tonight!
MEOW.
every performer at the GRAMMYs has their very own stage that is put out for each performance....
Can you imaging being that stage manager??
In the republic of mediocrity genius is dangerous.
Just tossing up ideas..but I wouldn't be totally shocked if Semin made his way to Colorado
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about.
Unknown
that awkward moment when youre at a restaurant and this creep is staring at you
I keep finding that the apps through Amazon are either older or not supported.
That's honestly what doctorve me to root my fire.
...Awesome, can't wait to see it in person!
Imagine You: Michele!
Michele: Yes?
You: I'll give you Austin.
Michele: I'll give you Austin?
You: OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH!
what's your email again
Their first fight was a battle, the rematch will be an outright war.
COTTO vs.
MARGARITO II TONIGHT  6PM PT, LIVE on PayPerView.
Important: RT : Bo Ryan did himself no favors in recruiting with that interview.
What's he tell parents, kids after that?
Buy 20 for 10 on Yelp!
Wine Fact: The Cole Ranch AVA in Mendocino County, CA, at only 62 acres is the smallest AVA.
You are just like the GOP; RUDE!
Don't try to bully Debbie W., wait until a MAN comes on to get forceful!
Won't happen!
Wearing my Rick Santorum sweater vest on, and I'm feeling the power.
thanks!
Glad to have you with us.
Forever missing Ryan's Hope.
Wtf ever happened to those guys?
Best stage design you've seen since the year 2000  Go!
I was thinking that!!!!
Hahahahaha omg come
Thanks!
Which ARG's?
Anything where games / new media intersect on the theme works for me, as long as they also convey
SWITCH!!
I'm a hustla, creepin wit my hat low..Niggas know I strapped so, what they go do dat for?..
awww!!
Congrats!
Mac select moisture cover is the best.
Its water based so it will look just like skin instead of make up...:
OSU, Quette, and now we await the Badgers.
you look so beautiful for the AMA2011.
:
We're going to the Tmister in Orlando on 11/7, are you?
To brag to your clients?
Look how influential I am
Excited for whats to come in the future!
I will be able to provide lots of cool music tips for beginners to moderate players!
haha!
I did too.
Pretty disappointed in myself lol
Well that was fun hehe
call me.
My night is nowhere near over.
I almost started crying at the beginning of Finding Nemo...I DONT REMEMBER THE SHARK EATING THE MOM OKAY.
i think i Vote 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebet are the Best !!!!
ily
Head up to Toledo we'll cook you some delicious food!!
:
V Bogojevic: Emersons political ontology stems from ecstasy: absolute self not the smallest political unit in Emersons thought.
thanks....didn't see that 1 coming.
Here are some fun facts about the eight starters you wont find in their past performances
lol it's 4:30 and I've already gone through school and everything
is exactly what her name says: Funny!
Catch her this weekend at Sarcasm Comedy Club in Jersey!
Frank is so very very Austin  and they serve !
ur wellcome so what's up :?
Lmao I just traped the cat in the bathtub it was funny :
DA FUCK IS GOING ON.
COME ON CELTICS GET .IT .TOGETHER
I couldn't resist.
I am now following This should be very entertaining.
Tell me why you feel this way
Agree!
RT : Today's Tech Tip: You can learn a lot about sales, marketing and entrepreneurship by watching SharkTank on
um do I know u??
what do you do now twitter?
no dad, please u already ruined Facebook.
At the recylcing place turning in all the parts I replaced on our cars this summer.
Cleaned out Mom's shed;recycling stuff the mice left.
I get up at 5:40!
The only good thing about working out is how good it makes water taste.
Reviewing the law for prayer instructions, I really only found one direct example Deu 8:10, mkBiblechat praying after meals 2 give thanx
I'm loving that answer
Nice.
Speaking of battery life, have you upgraded to the new iPad?
Grandfather is reminiscing over his '52 Pontiac Catalina.
Says it nearly makes him cry every time he sees a photo of it
Lucky ducky.
Everyone likes you :
glad ya liked it!
be on the lookout for the release June 4th now releasing on Beatport!
Just ate a cheesesteak for breakfast and it was incredible.
Operation MedSHARE a success!
So we should build more parapets, fear anyone not of our clan and make sure we're breeding faster than the Turks?
I am sensing a surprise package in the mail for design team
I'm sayin!!!!
Oh sun doctorsses, summer couldn't get here fast enough!
you too Chris!
Thanks for coming out and showing support!
Time to put those who are here for the wrong reasons on the chopping block!!!
L.O.L.
Spammers beware!!
Today i learned that water boils at 202 degrees in denver because of elevation.
I am also out of breath
And here I thought you liked all my typos.
Oops.
Did I say that?
Subway wish: quiet cars.
No kids, loud earbuds, busking, or obnoxious TMI chats license to escort offenders to another car.
My little sisters dog has officially made me salty.
This muthafcka thinking I'm stupid, he must of bumped his head .
Streets and Hotel filling up with digital marketing folk
The Internet is BLOWING UP with lots of Irresistible Content tonight!
RT : i LOVE iT!
ha ha!!!
I'm coming to scoop you...what are ur coordinates?
AH don't forget he is a former Canadien!
One thing that turns me off, ghetto girls.
Shizzzz just isnt cute.
intelligence is sexy for the simple fact that your not a Pinhead
How r u?
In Moore Co NC, committee worked to get responsible pet ownership into school curriculum.
Also sees need for more lowcost s/n.
Liquid eyeliner, thank you from having to fix my makeup while doctornk.
Also, props to you, autocorrect.
your adorableness kills me on a daily basis.
just so you know.
so fun to chill and play with you at you were speeddemon on
What are you talking about?
That photo is f'n golden!
Blocked!
Story of my life.
Haha.
Have a great day.
Woke up on Canepa's couch this morning.
Wtf!
i regret that joke...
/3
The airport.
My favorite place.
Heading to LA for Leno.
doctoramt of small tress growing out of him as we discussed whether or not hardtofind information is the same as hidden information
Gunna go skate
I cry almost everyday because it's sometimes hard to be strong when I've been holding on for so long.
Thank you very much for the shout out!
Go check them out!
I'm glad that the Brewers broke that losing streak.
Now to keep that momentum going.
sorry bout earlier
In Charlottesville for the DPVA State Central mtgcongrats to Gaylene for winning 1st vicechair, and congrats to Susan for a grea try.
...
I wish I had a prom date.
he thought he was gonna sneak and get a nap but i sicked Blake on him...lol
Dammit.
This tumblr is AWESOME.
And I have homework to do!
true true
If we do not feel grateful for what we already have, what makes us think we'd be happy with more?
nah don't ever act normal : that's how we like it!
Night ;
Seeing The Avengers tonight in 8 hours....
nothing sweeter than feeling the weight of my darling Ariel crawl up for a piggy back ride, her little hands on my face and I love you.
:
He my bestfriend , my world.
3
A student just asked if we were having a Tomato doctorll because of all the tomatos in Texas yesterday!
It wouldn't be the Grammys without
my husband shouts this at every bar every time this song is ever played.
sometimes after that he kicks a street sign.
Too Blessed To Be Stressed
The Quad: On a Roll, Maryland Prepares for the N.C.A.A.
Tournament
Michelle's article is amazing re: fitness!!
please rt this thing is not passed yet
Retweet this for a free pick!
Trying to get followers up so everyone can see that we're your best interest for winning picks!
We Deliver right to your Door!!
you killed it for the lakeshow bro bro.
I don't think u meant to hurt Harden.
But he's ok now.
U hurt TheLakers more bruh
This is painful.
Very painful.
Thanks to the team for the accommodations tonight!
Sunny, 68 at 5am.
Up to 95 today.
Don't think Phx is getting any snow today.
in other words, they grow up so fast!
:p
Anyone know who brews the beer for the bar at the Harley museum?
Do a search for related topics using keywords to see who is talking about your subject i.e.
senior care.
:
Mike Daisey is a moron and it's sad he had to lie to tell this story.
Americans need to think about where their stuff comes from.
Yeah I know, but he'll turn 18 soon ;
In three years flat Ima have Caldecott Awards coming out the yang.
Starships!!!
: What song do you wanna hear on this hour?
Totally gonna play one for a twitter friend!
.
w/ 3 dimes 2night.
All highlight reel material.
No need to tempt us...we will make another mix tape.
Leaving Guarulhos now, roadtrip to Rio for the weekend.
Dustin.
I'M AN ASSHOLE!
there was a chocolate stain on the coffee table so i spit on it.
I waited 3 hours.
Is it time for cheers yet?
clink
she blew me to 
Me: It's a psychological thing.
Mom: Nemoj da ti ja dam psycho.
Gotta love her.
Watch give out sick handshakes, literally
Yikes my back is sore!
Feels like I stepped in the ring and forgot to face my opponent !
same to you to :
Austin's favorite candy is Hershey's Kisses.:
is so clearly laying out our issues at k12.
Creatively presenting the big issues
Been reading up on Weinergate.
Very funny.
I feel bad for the wife though.
Make a wish : it's 11:11

lakers jersey with Fox on it
BBQ Chicken it is..
OH: Apparently, if you don't have a BIG following, you can't get the ladies.
Is still asking me to Prom!?
c:
I only fuck with great talent!
R.I.P.
Adam Yauch.
I grew up listening to the Beastie Boys  loved 'em.
I'm really bummed about this.
see you later today!!
Pouring rain in Nawlins.
This could be the weirdest weekend of my existence.
Big isn't bad, banks tell Fed yahoonews Especially when they're bankrupting the country!
cant wait for gdc...
Faithful?
iDont Think So.
AthensMemories roastin session everyday at lunch and
due to a hilarious conversation with , i now have an overwhelming urge to watch dumb and dumber.
Have you seen Spiderman on Broadway?
My man!
You'll quickly learn that I am a big time Daisuke fan
just heard mariounta on the radio !!
Now whatchu want
Chillin at work
Pet peeve: recipes that don't remind you to oil your roasting herbs.
The smell of burnt rosemary is not appetizing.
Unless you're a hippie.
Is it safe to plug a outlet jack into another one?
Lol
The smell of spring is in the air here.
How are you spending your Sunday?
writing?
Who wants to come watch never say never with me?.
come on up.
Bring Courtney and I'll get you in.
I know people.
;
Everyone in LA look like celebrities...
Love all my peeps!!!
We have a great team!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 113
US are the favorites it seems.
and on top of that I go to India for 10 days a week after I get back!
Future of postsecondary ?
PBL w/ the expertise of the university identifying appropriate entry points in place of scope/ sequence?
The function of design is letting design function.
Micha Commeren
hopefully will be about 6:30 tomorrow.
ill be there to pick you up about that time.
:
Weirdest car chase you've ever seen...involving a tow truck.
Maybe Metta World Peace is doctorving
HHS is the good housekeeping seal of Approval.
Moreland 2 run homer, then he just hit another solo homer to tie it up.
:
GUYS!!Checkout My TWIN Bro's MUSIC VIDEOS on youtube!!
supra91411..or watch his main Vid supraMy doctorams Are Our doctorams...PLEAZE!!!!!
That mistake is now corrected!
Thanks for the follow up.
Congrats to Steel, our New Music Monday winner for April!
Come check him out at Jin Lounge TONIGHT from 6p9p!
What one thing makes you happy?
A little of both.
We're looking at a window to phase out adoption.
Meanwhile, supporting models of beyondthetextbook learning
Would just love to stay in bed :/
I believe spring break and some other unscheduled events kinda derailed my rhythm.
Next week...
report stated every 1 out of 30 will be infected..glad I retired from porn.
You guys are really good!
LET'S FUCKIN GO BOSTON!!!!!!
way to much!
Shes getting to close to me!
Lol
Thanks Mike.
Going home or having a night on the town for the holidays??
Make sure you have a reliable and safe ride!!
Call VIP taxi at 5203003000
well and a Michael Kors bag.
hey girl hey!
Found u!
RT : Hey...
Thanks for the shout.
Looks like you've made a fantastic documentary.
Hope everyone watches:...
Last this, last that.
Are their any crackheads out there wanna make 2.80 washing my car?
If so inbox me please.
Lol they better hurry up and let school out before these teachers go crazy!
That box of goodies looks like so much fun!
We are definitely going to check out !
Kirk Franklin  Everyone Hurts.
Wonderful song and fits my life right now!
Thank you
finally found !!
Goodmorning!
What's going on in the world today?
Tell us what current event/issue you think everyone should know about!
How's the bunny doin?
keyword whatawin doesn't work on the website
im always texting you.
So you should know wtf im talking about..
I agree!
RT : We can all just get along.
We just need to make the effort.
Looking to buy and resell something?
Look into our wholesale priced Food Storage.
Do your community the favor of preparing them for disaster
off to my music class  3 Blasting It's Just Me
As long as we have a few remember whens, we should not cry of the past  we should smile to what is now and what will always be.
Us.
I felt scooby last night!
In fact, I am wearing scooby doos right now...
Them's is shoes in case you didn't know!
Wish we got to support her performance!
We're thrilled Jean Butler sent us a good luck message!
I wish I didn't get in trouble cause I'm bored as HELL 
Could be lots of things.
I'll check in w/ customer service 1st thing 2morrow  prioritize your issue.
is this the same guy who made people doctornk koolade in Jonestown ?
Of so then we should do it
Wanna play a joke on your chiropractor?
The next time he starts working on you, go limp and soil yourself.
Haha I love it!
Stopped traffic on 315.
Anyone know why?
God damn that brisket was the bollocks!
Legalize pot Slap 75 tax on it Send proceeds to social safety net.
Old folks retire at 65, get benefits, enjoy a fatty by the pool
RT if you're planning to head to today!
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows?
Happy 1 year birthday to !
Congrats to and on their venture!
and are at The Loft to hear if and when when they will go on.
Please head over and support them either way!
Follow me?
: I just found out about ur videos and I LOVE THEM!
You are amazingly talented and I think ur going to go far 
At a GIS session so this seems like the right time to geotag myself with a checkin!
Books r in!
I'd like 2 gift wrap them if that's ok.
Who shall I say sent them?
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has
2day is my parents 56 Wedding Anniversary!
What a great example of Marriage, Family  LOVE...Thnx 4 being such great role models dad  mom!
Looks like I'm gonna have to work the waiver wire
RT : As fir Cloudbased iTunes, RealNetworks' UNIFI seems a complete solution.
What do you think?
Once talked to Bas Hoefman about starting such a project here in Zambia and i have not heard anything yet
Apple Education Announcement: High School Textbooks priced at 14.99 or less.
you work tomorrow?
At the Lexington Home and Garden Show.
Not very busy tonight.
Come on down and visit.
Take a look at the new banner in Rupp.
Wooohoo : thanks baby
Among all the kinds of piano which one is the best for you?
Mavs vs Spurs / Time for some sweet revenge
No one is defending rape.
I think you may have missed the point.
Hours before arthistory midterm: Freshman: All of the slides will have captainons with names and dates, right?
...
We need to talk.
Our newest customer is from Hawaii, thanks for the order Erica.
2 Puckett's are on their way!!
having pinacbet!
if your filipino...
you know what it is ;p and its good!
The holograms should be 2pac, Aaliyah, Biggie, and some more dead people.
lol but ur being really adorable.
i love you too
society had biblical values as part of laws..transcending values.
However, it does not mean all members are faithful follower
I noticed you're wearing pants, cool.
a HUMAN SUNDAE.
RT: RT : Do NOT lower your standards to keep anyone.
Make them meet you at YOUR level.
Self respect is power.
looking forward to repeating next year!
travel safe.
I'm on my way up.
Anything super cool I should check out?
I'm glad I saw Evil Dead  made me appreciate Cabin in the Woods that much more
FYI : Tomorrow's other games will be played as scheduled.
CWS
My new boss is awesome.
That is all.
Elegant, exquisite MATA ORTIZ pottery at Mingei International.
Trunk sale today only.
So much beauty at such good prices.
School isn't the same without my other Chewy
This songbird was tweeting to a different tune...
Back now!
Hope I don't make your ears bleed!
u telln me all late
tomorrows hangover will be so bad
When is fox going to cancel that awful show Xfactor it jumped the shark when Simon went wwf come on can he milk it anymore
Enjoy your weekend!
Life is amazing!
:
Respect was obviously never taught to you
my nigga Won tonight!!
forget the TV series, I want to read this book now  swamplandia!
thx
I have barely run since the 10miler!!!!
Eeiiick
R.I.P Whitney Houston You will forever be missed :
So thankful God honored our prayers!
We're leaving soon, tucking memories w/ you, Greg, in our hearts.
LYI
I can do other ppl's hair very well but I can't do my hair for shit!
that's a lie.
I do!
half of the fun of this job is figuring out what the hell people are talking about
wat u mean
You know your bored when you braid your hair 6 times to stay entertained
that's there EGO talking lol..
ur not alone to tis cuzit happens tome tho I'm not doing nothing!!
Smfdh
We see so many monsters that aren't really there.
What are the rules on covering a song and putting it on an album?
When Pineapple Landslide puts one out, I want to cover a Jack White song.
Also, of course, break legs!
that's really nasty showing it ass in public no Offense have some decency!!
Ur totally representing ur Mother!!
Duncan: If they have access to technology, they can get to the next level.
Excellent...
Thank you, Ms.
Berman!
:
Hahaha Of course we are!!
we are the original classy bitches noonecantouchus truestory!!
:
So I finally broke down and found out I'm a ENFJ.
And another pointless fact attained!
Minecraft Andoctorid general release Thursday!
You should know why you're using Social Media before you start using it.
oh my!
The train arrives in New Paltz.
Carriages are waiting to take the guests to the conference site at the lake.
Reason 623 why I adore you so much!
Looking forward to tonight!
I'll be watching!
I dont regret anything
Had a good rest tommorrow going back to school ehhh feeling better though Goodnight twitter 3
facebook probably isn't working cause mark zuckerberg donated their server budget to newark schools
Thank you for the follow!
Looking forward to your green architect podcasts.
You aint gotta say it..
You real, we gone feel it.
Dear God the MontaEllis is a
Lol so remeber that academic fair project i said i had to do
Celebrate  Share 7th Annual Women of Achievement Awards March 7, 2012, from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m.
at the Omni William Penn....
ABSOLUTELY!
RT does tracking mean new Hydoctorvibe music soon????
:
brushing your teeth and then doctornking orange juice will never ever mix
I would so play that game and try to use here.
Get on it Julie!
N.c trip this weekend
dude!
You are so wise, and inspirational.
You're like Mother Theresa but with better hair.
fail.
Its all good.
Next Sunday.
that's awesome!
Go Badgers!
thank goodness, no.
I probably would have run it over.
;
IWantToBe next n rotation!!
how do I respond to craigslist ads that lead me to machines at casting calls, the voice will not stop telling me to give him 7dollars......
yes I'm trying to turn it off.
But yeah it's not working
Work til you have what you want....
Kare 11 channel in Twin Cities had production issue with Presidential addoctorss.
Funny how they didn't have problem w/ adverts though!
What are your thoughts about including references on a resume?
necessary or
Web design can be both frustrating and magnificent
can y'all see my tweets?
can someone tell me what my username is?
Kobe never got the ball on the last possession to begin with they inbounded it straight to Blake
Save it for the bedoctorom.
Good I'm glad.
Look through my list and click on their name to see recent posts that you may be interested in  good luck!
Awesome!
What local paper were we featured in?
We'd love to see!
Gah damn, I feel like working out right now.
artwalk Miami.
See you there!
we are working on a fix for the wifi.
I hope so!!
X
I'm not sure why nomargarciaparra keeps saying that hitters are staying on top of the ball when they hit it in the air.
Happy Halloween!
Celebrate at the tonight at and Disney on Ice!
I just want to know why you are a Chicago fan when you grew up in the Bronx?
But come on now, Cubs?
hahaha!!
totally not judging!
;
Waiting for permission to share data/info renders SM useless.
Leadership has to extend trust.
This vol runs into many walls.
Whatsup ?
U guys ready to make HISTORY or what?
I'm like a beast trapped in a cage.
You look like 3 solid inches taller than me...are you?
Man, everyone is gay once in a while!
It's Hollywood!
Kirk Lazarus, Tropic Thunder
I dont care what kind of personality you have!
Your BABY GIRL IS GONE.
There's no way your going to stay calm and laugh!!
Being happy is essential to great health.
Find out what makes you happy and do it.
Laugh more, smile more, work less.
And I wish on a star, that somewhere you are thinking of me too...
2 free periods, 2 tests, and 1 movie, easy day..
Constantly losing myself.
Constantly having to find a new me.
wondering if any tweeps or their tweeps use Alain Touraine or have ideas why anglophone scholars have ignored him RT pls
MT : Bmore designers  developers stop by WebSlam at U of B tomorrow 95 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
U can't sleep to
3.
is a very long conversation.
I am not sure I know the answers.
Not even going to lie
Moved to table in 1k.
67k at 2k 30 left He says we don't take to your kind around these parts in fake south accent.
Right....
cause guys like London Fletcher, Larry Fitzgerald or numerous others have never displayed the same class,
Anything photoworthy happening on the ground near you?
Tweet it!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dwight Richards Rising 12th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Martins Wolverines Small forward 66
Damn bannanas are bomb in captainin crunch lol!!
: BIG s/o to for answering my music publishing questions!!!
Chk out her music!
TheWalkingDead here i come!:
Climate is what you expect, weather is what you get.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Awesome!
Please follow me
This is my first tweet
sem2011 Historic walk.
Liberty Bell.
Now village whiskey.
I'm excited about this doctornk being made right in front of me.
HAPPY NEW YEARS
That was awesome!
Go Pack!
If you missed them  the Ken, the Oscarnominated short films are moving to Reading Gaslamp on Friday.
Difficult as it is really to listen to someone in affliction, it is just as difficult for him to know that compassion is listening to him.
The iHeartRadio Music Festival is Live!!
Watch it live right now!
bit.ly/r0eMaD
Common and Lupe Fiasco are in my top 5.
Thank the Lord
I Be Beatin Ass
Talking to my buddy
haha nicee :P oh I finished Saint :D lol
It's Friday!
Finally!
Shadowing my boss and getting things ready for sdmardigras tonight!!!
I'll be there : will you?
Should I post tracks from the CD as it's being recorded?
I'm on the fence about it.
Thanks Jacqueline!
We need to catch up!
Coffee this week?
Listenen to old school Vanilla Ice, thinkin back to skatin  Neville ...ah I'd re live THOSE highschool days!!
Congrats on your 1st day as PR Specialist at Associated BancCorp
I tried to stop and couldn't.
It still makes me giggle a day later.
That field trip last night was fun though : definitely worth it !
RT : Reports  WR Wes Welker has signed his 9.5 million franchise tender, according to a league source
I AM CRYING.
BRITNEY THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING OMFG
Announcement coming hopefully today or tomorrow about a booked date at the Whiskey in Hollywood.
Make sure if youre in the area to let...
cleaned all the leftovers out...
easy dinner
Elton John tix are still available for Roanoke 3/15 and Richmond 3/17  get them now as they are going fast!
That's and ad hominem logical fallacy.
Just because it comes from someone within a Union doesn't necessarily make it wrong/bad.
Got my Raybans stolen out of my backpack today.
Luckily prostiution is somewhat legal in cph.
Time to make my money back...
Thinking if I should get my tongue pierced .
They say seek and you shall find!
Then they say don't go looking let it come to you!
Sh I'm confused!!!
its a possibility well come see you.
You shoulda come over and watched movies with us :
Just wants a place I can call home..
RT : Word press theme help in tech room
Former President Bill Clinton in Washington, DC next week?
More details to come soon...
retweet me for more information!
That moment when you arrive 30 minutes early to an exam only to realize you're actually an hour early.
Oh.My.Goodness.
Prayers are with you and all at western psych  scary, horrible ...
they took to fear and loathing too?
Wtf.
Gayness.
Hey, Rex!
What's with this crappy Jets defense today?!
Nice job!
Jets Can we get a stop, please?!
Just gotta have faith :
Am I the only Bloglines user left?
What I am going to use in its stead?
What aggregator do you use?
MD AE District is hosting a National Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts today in Baltimore!
I'm so fat
of course.
Thanks kidd ; I'll pick u up one day n well get lunch or some shit
Gotta tell ya, not a big fan of the forwarded chain email where finger cramping scrolling is needed to get to the point.
I was smiling yesterday , I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
RT : RT : Training is not up to your employer, it's up to you.
If only everyone was such a selfstarter...
:
RT RT These females realer than most of you niggas...
Leftover ketchup and mustard groos me out in a special nailsonchalkboard kind of way.
Yeeeeeeeeeech.
oh okay I she okay
Getting ready to travel to Salt Lake City for a fun meeting!
LOU!
how many songs have you boys made so far?!x can't wait to hear them!
We now carry Lakefront New Grist to wash down your gluten free crust!
Anyone know of any good watch repair shops in Atlanta?
yes you are
Tattoo my name on you so I know its real 3
100th tweet, yea just a liitle behind I'd say
Dan Miagla just used the word swagger in his keynote speech...
I'm fully over BB13, it's soo boring now..no Dani or Jeff for doctorma purposes, now just catty bashing..
How fun is the finale going to be
Ruth Wilson Gilmore is writing an essay on the keyword Prison for the second edition!
Everyone welcom Andoctor Miller as the newest Trailblazer!
ha!
They do!
It was funny, they were asking everyone that came in if they liked egg salad.
Felt bar for girl who over ordered
Just move to Seattle for your KEXP fix :
This technique just isn't working out.
Perhaps we should try something else.
3 more till 300 I feel famous ....
Name the song!
Subway's no way for a good man to go down Rich man can ride and the hobo he can doctorwn...
try to be honest and NOT google...
So glad you were there last night.
Thanks for your contributions.
their first thought in the mornings is how can I make more money..
They have little principle
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient nonprofessort organizations attack social welfare problems!
a collection goal for school libraries..50 ebooks, 50 print in five years...i can only hope!
We are excited RT : looking forward to another exciting year!
Thanks for the FF : Hope you have a great weekend!
Now following
Going Out Of Town Friday
I like him, too.
I'm happy, and jealous, that he gets to spend so much time in Italy this summer.
Go follow for a chance to win !
I guess the problem is that after it snows, it's just really cold for like 6 months.
RT : We're beyond the Republican and Democrat dichotomy
Excited to start my new position tomorrow.
:
ThatOnePersonInSchool who thinks they run everybody...
thank you so much!
You are such a talented dancer!
Had a great time this weekend :
Tell your friends to like our page and also to follow us!!!
Headin to the studio soon.
wha??
You're gravid?
wowow, I've been 2 beezy this spring working bee swarms to notice.
congrats!
RT : Just found out I'll be working with for Public Service Day!
Woot woot!
That's a great idea.
How many authors are putting the same book out under multiple names?
Congratulations!
She's adorable!
Hope you're doing well.
My Phone Has A Bad Habit Of Texting The Wrong People !
: /
sounds good.
I'll get there as soon as I can!
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.29
Always looking for new artists to work with.
Tweet me your email or a link and I'll get at you.
Yeah how about a rappin ryan lol
ok who Amazon'd us the DVD of Shabbat Shalom Grover Sesame Street, With A Special Appearance By Cedoctorc The Entertainer?!?!?
just once: haha but it was!
I didn't like Bruno
Playing with Trevor Ware tonight  parkway grill in Pasadena.
Good times!
711.
It's freakin' Tuesday!
Woo hoo!!!
is your dinner the birds of a feather dinner or something else?
hahahaha I was Like I think shemeans do......
Awk ;
ah yes.
That one is a sort of between book linking the back story behind the virus to the later books.
Make sure you are on WiFi and have at least 60 battery, then go to Settings app  General  Software Update  No iTunes needed.
Only 8 at the door
whatever you are going through, the Lord has gone ahead of you n prepared the way.
Trust Him to lead you through...He already knows the way!
A frog jumps out of a well.
A boy pours water through his palm to the base of a young plant.
The frog clings onto his shoulder.
chinalake
your tumblr sounds like mine ;
I think I make bitches jealous
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
Go Celtics!!!
So relived to hear everything is ok now.
:
I dont bash niggas for not having they own place shit I dont have my own place but u dont have a car, job, nothing?!?!Oh no
I don't think it's been released in the USA yet.
I adore Colin Farrell What did you think of his accent?
In about the same degree as you are helpful, you will be happy.
Karl Reiland
visiting my grandma 3 and watching Telenovelas with her hahaha
Hi people...havent been on for a while!!!!!
Not convinced Where there's Pepsi, there's music even with Elton John in the ad.
If I was in the NBA, I wouldn't wear any active players shoes, unless they were mine, I just couldn't do it

Sup cuz!
Lol!!!
Happy New Year
First event in the Upper East Side.
I feel a bit out of place.
I'm feeling very peaceful right now.
All my windows in my room are open and the birds are singing and it's so quiet in my house.
Q: Why did the witch's mail rattle?
A: It was a chain letter.
Come join us  our New Venue La Stanza in South Philly for a great night of Networking
well maybe you didn't get the brains, but you sure got the beauty...
where have u been, my love???
sha2012 better not miss Vaccaros pastry!
And one day I will be followed by you because,I never give up on anything I love3
I wonder what Ima see in this store today
Today was the first day of my 15Th year at the company I work for.
Beat LA!
2 Adulting points for doctorssing like an grownup between holidays.
Proceed unhindered to the Chai / Latte of your choice.
Real nigga street certified
Thanks!
: Beautiful furnishing!
Nice to know there are other companies that can say Made in the USA.
Tomorrow is looking good 
I love that site!
I'm thinking redesign.
My sh ain't for everybody...it's for yo body....
will make my fans proud no doubt
A critic knows more than the author he criticizes, or just as much, or at least somewhat less.
WHO DO I NEED TO CONTACT IN ORDER TO SHOOT YOU A VIDEO BRUH!?
what's the contact info?
I can show you my work.
I can tweet links
fact: Ancient RomansGreeks thought that the Giraffe was a mix btwn a camel and a leopard.
Hence, Scientific Genus name ofcamelopardalis!
This one smells good!
Let me know if you need help choosing a perfume or cologne for you.
Came home from track
thanks Bri!
You have such a way with words!
I'm definitely feeling myself right now.
Shades on, windows down, roof open, playing boosie.
making the most outta this lunch break cruise

Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell.
Challenged my mind, and many assumptions I had.
In the end, each story and analysis convinced me!
I don't understand it lol but being nice to ppl here doesn't seem to work
Only to facilitate.
RT : I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot it tho.
Depends on the situation.
you would live in a van...
Down by the river!
Happy Chocolate Day,lets eat chocolate today!
yummy
I gotta few weekends in SD comin up.
Sounds like a partee.
yeah as always bro.
See you in 15days
So bored, went to the dentist, ah my mouth still hurts
that might be the best thing I've heard all day.
Just sayin'
IwantSomebody that'll actually love me.
Any takers?;
The ones who never text you back , be the first to call you a stranger...
Thanks for sharing, Stuart.
Hope you are well!
Fred gwynne.
I miss him every day.
omg hey !
I haven't talked to you in forever !
What's up !?
What smells like marshmallow?!
I Can Never Love U Again Cuz I Know Ur a Hoe N So Do U.
U Just Don't Wanna Believe It.
I am getting hammered today.
I would appreciate your prayers.
Love you!!!
: we clowned MondayFriday Forreal No Days Off.
is SO SO mad she cant go to fashion night out today !
;
Not a Nabisco brand.
thank you Matt!!
appid in your demo?
You know I'm filing that for future reference.
:
SPRING CLEANING: Halfway done!
Hm why would i walk when you can have whoever picks you up take you to come see me.
You're not a robocall.
You're a person.
The more Walker bombards the airwaves, the more people appreciate humanity.
And no fucks we're given last night
cool beat!!
I want that sample!
: wewontwork if you go to space, renos, mekka or the cove.
I'm sorry.
TWITTER HOES IS TAKING OVER!!!!!!!!!!
S/O TO THE VIDEO ON HERE YOUTUBE TOOK IT OFF!!!

people should fall in love with their eyes closed.
Grabbing a cup of coffee this morning and about to start my classes in forensic.
I'm working on biology right now.
I like this study.
back in Los Angeles!
True, link for Bloggers was under pressreg.
Yes, confusingit will change next time around.
I would if I was living in Vegas!
Still have to visit since I've never been.
there are no socially awkward people here
Boy you think that you know me, know me, thats why i'm leaving you lonley, lonley...because baby you don't know a thing about me
ur song television love is so cute.!
My mom even liked it :
Thanks for the kind words, man!
Right back at you.
i don't wanna sound like a pedophile, but that's a sexy youngin' ;
Distilled 10x's bitches.
Whoever said It's not whether you win or lose that counts.
Probably lost.
Fascinating, great example of the increasing data obfuscation arms race
nowplaying martha and the muffins
About to turn on the O's game, but do you want to play some COD after?
DM me your gamertag.
nice apostrphe in Buckeyes, Fame.
Obviously you didn't get into OSU with such crap grammar skills....
it's just in one more day
hurry the up mayne
ArtFact  On November 20, 1929 Spanish surrealist artist Salvador Dali held his first oneman show in Paris, France.
Time to take my grumpy ass to bed!
I need to check myself into a software monastery.
Are there any available?
if i still used myspace, i'd make my myspace song Jamie All Over  Mayday Parade because that's all I've been listening to
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives Bath  Body uses...
Not to be rude, but O's fans act like every Yankees fan is a scumbag and the devil, and that every O's fan is a saint and an angel.
Your welcome!
Thanks for the great info!
i say we should rest folks in 2nd half saints, atlanta up 210 on
Bruins' Prospects news: Dougie Hamilton's Niagara Ice Dogs Will Face off against Jared Knight's London Knights in this year's OHL Finals.
In Egypt they riot for Freedom and Democracy...
In Vancouver they riot because they lost a Hockey game.
Relax and have a Beer, Eh?
He's in custody, yeah yeah.
But what is going to happen to those wooden stepstairs?
I never like it when people complain about the new layout of a website...but I don't like the new layout of this website!
3 weekend robberies
Dats because u a donkey lil neck ass nigga lolRT : I think i can fuck foe 4 hours straight
Elbow elbow, wrist wrist, touch the pearls, blow a kiss!
royalwave back :
Aw, that's encouraging.
: Hope you get some sleep soon!
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show?
;..
I've always wanted to go to a goth night club...Bazinga.
Its a shame we need holidays for an excuse to spend time with family and friends.
Have Heart!
Let me know when it airs!
RT : Just finished a fun interview with BBC radio about
Can't wait to win that lottery...
what will I do with all my money I wonder?
Cheese making on Friday night.
Make ricotta, feta, mozzarella and butter.
Eat Fondue.
45.
Proceeds benefit UC Davis.
Hello Everyone!
It's great to be part of the team.
Look out for emails from Speakers Rule!
Here goes my long day :
i have 666 followers...Ah.
fighting a cold.
probably working from home  there are no snow days in ecommerce biz.
:/
Are you watching NFL Football today???
Click LIKE if you are and cheer on your team to victory!
good trip?
What was the weather like?
totally agree...I just saw the teaser, is that all there is so far?
Tigers should trade for Inge
Goodmorning: thank God and Jesus for letting me and my love ones for seeing another day
Dude she's a girl.
Girls can be like that.
That's why you need to man up and just doctorp it dude, its done with :/
Anyone can have tea party values I would think.
If it is just a Republican club then it defeats the overall purpose I would think
Headed to and then GLEE!
It's confirmed I'm obviously cool:
You look good girl!
preswk12 unique material but cardboard not designed to last.
Will digitize signs.
Currently in archival wrapping
Faith is to believe what you do not see..
the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Excited for the fall!!!
Missing you
Well I'm bored.
btw you didnt have to remove my name from your bio :p
guys, i want a squidgy tattoo like
Apply now  techstars affiliated accelerator
We offer Rx Assistance.
www.rx2you.com
BORED as fuck in algebra with
I love bacon cheddar crisp from rallys a lot.
DAMN MEMPHIS INTERSTATE STAY ON STUCK MODE ShidCrazy ON
Day 26 of 100: I'm thankful for a relaxing day
Its titty tuesday!
Gettin closer to fuck her friday!
Everyone get ready to vote in the student government elections THIS WEEK!
VOTE Wednesday and Thursday ONLINE!
listening to doctor sanjiv chopra detailing exercised hope
Cause we next and we flex like 90PX.
Nf my boo .
Follow back ..
Ian liking the name though ..
Imma motherfucking BAWSE !
Discussing ideas for the next Recumbent CycleCon  possibly another Adaptive Cycling Roundtable geared toward health  mobility.
When will you ever follow me?
I applaud you for not succumbing to the way too casual style that many have adopted.
It's an image destroyer
If im not your first choice, then I dont want you.
Only if they put it same room with Matt Dillon's hat...
not a regular sync; one that let's you wipe it clean and start over.
Love Triangle my ass!
This was always about you 2 never me!
You used me that's what you did!
meet out???
Bout to doctorve around Nice Day
It's a lotta brain behind all dis
Thanks again for a great season.
You bring happiness to many.
CEFACT li The reorg really makes this work more challenging.
anyone know how much 'adjustability' there is in the rookie contracts?
are these numbers the straight average, slightly hi/low?
Take a hint!
My tweets are for you 3
Harry unfollowed you?
We may not be wingin' it tonight, but we do have 6 pitchers.
Bring a friend and come on down.
cook out night
Excuse me not taking c/o
Summer book club reading/eating idea: Celebrate Julia's 100th with MY LIFE IN FRANCE  her famous beef bourguignon recipe...
I prefer
I didn't finish my dinner so i guess I'm not getting any pudding...heck no...I was just saving room for the pudding!
this guy got slung easier than weed on 4/20
This lady sitting next to me at wendy's keeps making her baby hit himself in the face and its cracking me the fuck up.
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
The world should start rotating the opposite way after that.
Traviss who are you?
Oh no no no no.
Kaaameehammeeha!
Hoes aint got no manners, like a old TV with bad antenna reception.
I DONT HAVE A PHONE RIGHT NOW BRO, IMA HIT U UP THO
idk but when u gon let me cut in my big chief voice ha ha ha
Five fastest fractions in KyDerby history for Bodemeister?
Mike Smith is loopy.
And scared to run in traffic.
Catching up on Vampire Diaries!
Squatters arrested in Portland.
People living in abandoned homes?
CRIMINALS!
Out with the old.
In with the new.
Another chapter.
I hate your face too.
COFFEE.EXE Missing  Insert Cup and Press Any Key
excellent show tonight YOU made it good.
He is awaiting Jefferson decision tom., as is UK.
Harrell could see a UK offer by early as Wed.
if Amile goes elsewhere.
stoked for the timbers game tomorrow!
Thanks; we are excited about our Facebook page!
They were a good time.
I was born in late 68 so I started watching in the 70's.
Welcome to my home town!
Let me know if you need any recommendations.
footprint under each painting in the galleries...student asked how else was he supposed to balance his notebook.
wth?
totally agree!
RT : A3: Get involved in everything!
not just arts, but Chamber, YP groups, Comm.
events, City mtgs.
Yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry.
On bass!
Send ME cookies ; RT : Stop bringing cookies.
Love it.
you should check out Milwaukee.
Not warm at all but lots of creative community here.
Had a great day.
People Be Dick ,
Happy St.
Patrick's Day
HA HA LOL YOUR FUNNY !
RT : Are you watching ?
Lakefront Marathon Kids Run and minimalist shoes on at 8:10.
Don't confuse your heart with your mind.
you heard it here first, people.
RT : I'll shave it in the off season just for you ; fine, but you're hotter w/o the beard
Even though I'm not a d boy I doctorss like one, lol Best of both worlds I guess
If the Clippers would like to lose while I am at the mall investigating white jeans, cool cool cool.
I probably won't be getting on more often tho /: I've already decided I'm actually gonna go out this summer, haha:
lmao i kinda wanna work one last time.
i promise id walk off while on the clock wit a bag full of shit.
Beer n all lol
Lmao!
Good morning!
Not good nothing.
:D
I hate doctorving long distances it is so boring
What if a guy told you I don't eat pussy how many points will he lose exactly
Somehow never got over it.
Design Tip: Take your time  build your art collection piece by piece so that it reflects who you are.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
Really interesting compare and contrast of public cloud vs.
private cloud by Treb Ryan.
Some good use case examples.
Bullshit ain't got time for us
Will you send out a tweet when you post a new tip?
Something has got to be done to my hair.
Ew
We're Live at OMSI after Dark.
It's the chemistry of art using jpain, metals and even Play dough.
so no Florida teams no team in Phoenix....no team in California, Dallas either?
My starred tweets have turned into a to do list for the weekend.
I'm good I had my night out in town last night lol in only good for 1
P.S.
The winner will be announced next week and may attend any of the last 3 shows!
there's nothing long about a long weekend, nothing short about a short workweek
i know they do i havent seeon one of those shows in soo long!
I'm a sun that doesn't burn hot, I'm a moon that never shows it's face.
Interesting to watch how is using her Win8 tablet almost like a teleprompter.
They were tasty, but I need to work on my technique!
RT : they still looked very good!
Twitter at least two picks ahead of ESPN and NFL Net.
Bad for fans, good for us.
wow,he really likes those distressed jeans!
we shoot all of our projects and own all of our equipment.
Check out our site www.ThirteenE.com
i got that DM of yours just now :/ lol
Our school does cats.
.
Lucky you!
; How much homework do you get?!
other than the fact that putting your things in any other medium always gives you space to contemplate
You're on the right path when inspired young people pause thoughtfully w/ wonder  possibility, then can't contain their idea flow.
Love!!
Fuckn Right , Alright .
good luck, good vibes, good seeing you
Sad for all nonheterosexual people in North Carolina, you will have victory over religious bigotry one day
One week no computer.....
I'm going to design old school
I should probably go to bed, but fuck it.
Not like I have anything to do.
Hahahahahaha
Head to the studio to put some new jams downs
Carrying your cross sounds cool until it actually demands pain, agony, and suffering for His glory and none of yours.
Lord give us all grace
wow i dont feel like doing this presentation im not even nervous
Your not supposed to talk to your best friend boyfriend unless it's an emergency, or you knew that guy before her.
SMH Im just sayyiinn
General Editor  Espn  Bristol CT
Academics, of all people, shouldn't respond to criticism by shutting down the dialog.
back spasms that won't go away.
having to back out on selling food at volleyball game.
grr.
I see Phillip as more of a Eddie Vedder 
Maybe after work.
How late are you open?
Thanks.
Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
BE Satisfied in EVERYthing YOU are currently experirencing RIGHT NOW!
Trust his: YOUll get to where you want QUICKER
: Clothes should be optional.
SwagLife Follow: 
ugh so bored in Math class :P but i look so pretty in my fairy suit
Yes knows what is good!!!
went hard today on BACK IN THE DAY CAFE
So iThrew Dem Bandz , shee did it With No Hands ;
RT Rapper Heavy D Has Died
: When a black person tell you they around the corner they really 10 mins away half way there means they didn't leave yet
BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst calls the Portland Mayoral Race for Charlie Hales, and Jefferson Smith.
I seriously can't wait for summer.
if I ever meet you in person, would it be cool if I showed you some magic???
smiles 3 ;
Middle eastern people talk so softly.
I'm the stupidest/saddest/doctornkest/silliest panda on the planet.
wahhh....guess ill just go start blowing in the wind...
Three people from watching
Real Genius plus muppets?!?
R U thinking of a make over for your Living Room.Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5 Will give it a fresh timeless new look.
Instock now.
awesome race!
Amazing job by in rookie race, many more great races ahead of him!!!
Congrats JR and Go Guard!
Some people may not know they have HIV/AIDS
if ain't got no money take yo broke ass home .
Guy  Eva Pays Your Bills has a 3rd winner: Michelle Adcock!You just won 250!
Great job to her Style Advisor, Catherine Clark!
hope u have a great game!!
references
We are the 99, stand together!
RIP Whitney Houston
Congress or maybe the entire DC area should be the first one way trip to Mars.
Do real women exist idk
SAME and it's really hard for me to do any work because I'm still sick lol
A lot of people run a race to see who's the fastest.
I run to see who has the most guts.
No..u will never see that again in ur lifetime on such a big stage
Congrats to on your engagement!!
I am SO excited for you and Jeff.
xo
Thanks for the FF mention yesterday, Debbie.
It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards
These new themes are awesome !!
Great stuff and easy too, if I wasn't so bacllogged, it'd be an early night!
We'll miss you, man.
Good luck in MTL and see you when you come to LSP.
Success will often come down to you wanting it more than the next person.
Sick of being broke FML
should know that I'm on week 2 of this vegan lifestyle...my NYC boo.
go on thursday!!
NYY P Joba Chamberlain is no longer wearing a walking boot.
There's a chance he could rejoin the Yankees' bullpen late this season.
I just said it isn't fully because of temp, did I not?
A southwest city in the desert shouldn't have an NHL team in my opinion.
i knoww!
But we r gonna go snowboarding one day the whole crew!
: missin my buddy!!
How is the mister?
she's awesome!
She stayed home with a sick kid today : no fun...
Swagger on a hundoctord thousan million and beyon i see you talkin to your friends lookin at me in the corner of your eyes
Changed my mind, happiness is in 11 chinnies yeah boi!!
you guys have fun, i think i'm going to hang out here...
wishing you an awesome weekend.
my school mentioned something about bullying today and I kept thinking they should sign up to be with defeat the label :
my school has twitter blocked!
I Only Settle For The Best , Then I'll Know Ur Giving Ur All.
We'll sneak out!
Had a lovely visit today from doctor Astrid Stuckelberger visiting from Switzerland.
HI!!
i have not laid eyes on it myself, so i can't say for sure..
but i see other people suggesting 2K.
Spiritualized opening with Hey Jane.
Everyone collectively agrees new Spiritualized is really good?
Attn: Boston IT folks is looking to hire a VP of IT  IT jobs.
Contact me to learn more
Thanks for the RT, Cheryl!
Hope you are well!
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there!
I'm just a father to two crazy puppies and 3 weird cats, but that's OK.
:
Your tweets always make me laugh.
: Are you still doing pageants??
That was so fun when we did the story on you
she may night have a doctorvers license, but she can rock out on a piano...
you coming?
Freshman, freshman, freshman, ya a fresh man
your crazy!
baffled.
glad you guys still find something to rip Ubaldo for.
I'll take 15 walks from him if the scoreboard says 0.
Mellamphy now turns to Simondon's magical age that is prior to the point where objects and subjects are distinguished from each other.
I love my friends!!!
everyday they make me so happy I hate vacations it hold me back from my friends and my boyfriend
awesome that's good to look forward too!
Lol
bubba.
U break that scale in the background?
Thanks for following!
Rachel Scarpati of at Musicbiz2012 said: Tech moves faster than the law and that's the problem with setting rates.
itAnnoysMeWhen i cant find anything to do not winning
How do you like your CUM?: Facial or body lotion?
No rest for the weary.
umm too bad I was on break from the 15th thru the 26th haha.
I would have if I knew in advance.
What's that thunderous sound of iron plates hitting the gym floor?
It's Monday and these are deadlifts
I just got cash on the mail.
Is going to be a great week http:/tinyurl.com/2565jfu
thank you for FF :
This is not going to work anymore.
Thanks, Eric!
For me, writing is best taken one sentence at a time.
:
or if it passes and the newly DFL controlled mnleg passes a completely toothless bill?
Happy earthday guise.
Please tell me you're coming to Minneapolis for Rush.
RT Starve the bastards out!
Tell the IRS to piss off.
Change withholding, pay less taxes.
Welcome home bro!
well hey I'm still in high school and have go wake up early ha goodnight :
that's the last thing we need!
Already down 20!
Batting inuries!
Now we desperately need everybody to step up!
saying a prayer for my dear friend who lost her dad this week.
Love you friend!
Call me anytime day/night if you need an ear
Kardashian in Dallas?!
Oh yeah...
CHRIS MANN..IS AN ANGEL!!
Spin class makes me crazy hungry.
I'm craving a veggie burger.
Gnite BELIEBERS got to wake up early to buy JUSTIN BIEBER FIRST STEP TO FOREVER
The key to getting and keeping an audience for your online videos  Engage first, Brand second.
Truth!
: people in Cleveland are real, loyal, and straight up badass!
Screw the haters...
I take it there was a game tonight...
It was a great film.
Abrams never disappoints.
I love sending people sweet goodmorning texts, I want them to know how beautiful they truly are.
Just bought shoes from the kids section haha
Let's get 25 people to order so there only 15 and not 30!!!!!
Or 100 people then there both 10!!!
COME ON EL PASO...LET'S EARLY VOTE!!
the problem is common sense aint so common
RT : flatirons Weiser on 2013 budget: Need more public focus on seed corn funding for innovation, STEM, RD and tech transfer.
RT : Datacenter mgrs are innovating unbelievable scalability solutions.
Are yours better?
Join the
enterprise rentacar has fuked me over 3 times today.
classic bait  switch
WITH THAT PRICE, HOW COULD YOU GO WRONG?
Actually, it may not be the most cost effective now that i think on it.
Disagree / dislike RT : Alright, I'm done.
But seriously, if you follow hokieguru I want nothing to do with you.
what did he narrate?
I saw you AND HIM...
Walking in the raiiiiinnn....
LOL.
cc:
Congrats to more graduating seniors !
Thanks!
But why the switch?
get your mom up and tell her..
Awesome!
Sounds like it will be a great turnout.
Thanks for the info.
i dont like you.
you look like you on Teamisterpist.
goodbye.
have a nice life.
That awkward moment when your watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene comes on.
The Pace will get faster next year Meaning We will plan less and implement more poorly
Acceptance of self  the way life is is the key to contentment and happiness.
What about yourself  life do you resist?
Notice,let go  open
Sounds great.
: RT : Best morning of writing ever!
Wrote about bank robbers, cars, and going carfree.
So fun.
:
Good Morning!!!
some day I may watch Busytown just to see live tweet.
High School Summer League coming to the IISA starting in June.
Info is up on the website: www.internationalindoor.com/leagues.htm
My Pleasure.
Thanks to Jesse doing that great interview!
Looking forward to seeing Undefeated.
momma just offered to buy me a costume..
please don't i want new shoes :D
Lol Hell Ya!
She Got Her Few Hits In Doe I'll Give Her Dat
Eden rooftop is packed!!
Omegas are in the house.
Perfect!
Thanks!
Wow Do U Know Me?
Kelton :
People still make Facebook statuses?
champagne also doctornks well through a straw.
And on roofs.
i 3 make the yuletide gay haha good movie :D
Sapphire diamonds blue doctorams
thanks  better than I thought, worse than I'd hoped.
The best things in life are functional and supported.
Being free helps too.
Twitter Exclusive: 15th person to tweet spelmuse  wins autographed copy American People, Black Light
Like Idk its gonna be awkward if some people read it.
Can we please stop using euphemisms like transmedia to refer to shit about videogames?
It doesn't matter what you did or where you were, it matters where you are and what you're doing...
If you want to earn points for your Google doc, it needs to show work for the reading up to this point.
Going to convince my team to use Pecha Kucha for our staff meetings from now on.
thank you sir
Data quality is an issue.
Need data on interaction w/ system, on performance, cognitive interactions,  used to make better products
When I get married I think I will hyphenate my last name....
I plan to continue the great food week adventure.
Thinking Bartolotta tonight, Mundo for Cinco De Mayo...Who's down
Now is the time to be brave
i luv the 8flavas yall the best and im 11 thats not me on the professorle and im a dancer i hope we can be friends hav a fav life
what do you mean OKAY?
SAY NORMAL WORDS WOMAN!!
NORRRRMMMAAALLL
The higher quality the vitamin, the better the result.
Makes sense to us, how about you?
Hiebers has the BEST  4126816400
Forgive my whine...
but I want to be printed so bad.
lol...
ok ..
i'm done.
lol
how many white/gray hairs do you have now?
Awww....I miss our lunch meetings!
When are you coming down to bmore to visit?
If only i could be a night owl and early bird all at once..
GM twitter today Healthy Hair Products R giving away 250 samples at our 5 vendors
Lakers should be lucky that there down by 9
Not gonna lie, I'm a little bummed that we didn't win the mega millions.
I quite enjoyed the food at Kitchen 4140!
It was quite gourmet  the chai lattes were ginormous.
can tell U more, tho
starting a quidditch team at schreiner!!!
Trivia Night in Bellevue!
Wednesday Wine Club!
Come to Fremont to check out our new wine selection!
Glad you like!
They're one of my favs
The rich are different from you and me RT Friday news dump!
Mitt Romney filing an extension on his taxes.
So done for the night!
lol I deejay sat too!
Love this.
dear , you are awesome, that's all
RT Roses are red.
I got a phone.
Nobody calls me.
Forever Alone.
Popcorn amd cherry coke
It's a fullmoon doctorving kind of night.
keyword dont.
I couldn't agree more
Bet she was a cool lady.
Nail polish makes a fun and fabulous stocking stuffer!
How about some OPI or Essie?
if you're riding in palmer park you can stop by the house grab a beer later?
openingdaymiracle best friend got tix right next to mine!
You're welcome!
Have a good weekend!
woo!!!!
Miss ya too!
And happy early 21st ;
jesus christ, why are you going back
RT : Motivated by 's trash talk, Astros win 114, begin their march to the Series.
Listening to Sade.
Back on my cooking grind
check out this kid on YouTube The Dan
He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help.
Abraham Lincoln
Go big Red!
I wish I could play the piano!!!
Hey Tony!!!!!
I misses you and thanks for helping me look for colleges by you.
Love ya SexxieMexxie Doungen doctorgon!
3Aly3
I want your words inside me.
Okay, fine I want you inside me.
Its either that or the anal cherry goes on eBay.
Great work!
We will be by Manpower on the eastside today.
C U There.
you don't want to see my ugliness ;
Listening to some interesting uses of Wordofmouth in large companies such as Hershey's, McDonalds, PEMCO and others at
LMAO like she thought this was some kind of a field day or sum
you for the hurricanes?
and are rocking their performances with the great new storyline.
Midterm in 20 minutes.
Having wonderful conversations with people i
Mouth vacuum.
nicknameinhighschool?
RT : One YPF tech complete I love that these kids are getting the opportunity to see their work come to life.
just sayin hit that weight room lil guy lol
what type of classes are you taking
Had a great time hk, I rode my friend's long board and did go without a suit
Gosh..I freaking love zaxby's...eat more chicken or record music?
That's tough...
Surgery will end Howard39;s season
CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy we can't all just get along?
That's awesome!
takes a break from sports to talk about sex  relationships with doctor Sonjia, author of bestseller
I'm not a proponent of steeping tea in a Keurig.
Can't control water temp or the time.
just tripped so hard, his shoe came off smh...
Funny shit..
Omg i saw him, i was leaving rehearsal!
sorry to hear that...
Music, I love you.
You will always be my therapy.
Please  don't ever stop playing.
Despite the loss at home last night, I still expect the Celtics to win the 76ers series relatively easy.
ProudDad !
: My 10 year old daughter just made a perfect catch  rip move for a floater with left hand.
Made my day.
Wow !
Good morning I love mondays we starting fresh again Long working day ahead !!!!!
:
: we're ready to do some testing down in Atlanta, too !
:D b there  the same time as the azaleas!
;
I believe it is the perfect day to dance in the street and catch snowflakes on my tongue.
Summery of Battle: Los Angeles Marines fight Aliens, for two hours
Balanced scoring for the heat  No chance for a game 6
Opening day for the Reds!
Can't wait for the game today against the
terrible first commercials.
I love Asianstyle noodles  have experimented many times in trying to get the broth right..love this recipe...Omg, delicious!
Thks!
his groceries alone were 300 a month and I dont know that I could go that far.
I'd like to be added, if you're able.
big screen shows giants, they boo.
49ers they cheer.
Odd i know.
Check your DMs.
You meant soo creative ; 
I watch every nyj game.
It's not so much where he's at right now, but clearly on his way to special status.
Tell your kid what you expect of them and explain the consequences they can expect if they misbehave.
Then follow through 100 of the time.
Damn...
player just blew his knee out
Good thing I got to work 20 min early todayit takes that long for my stupid office PC to start up.
oh fantastic!
Saw your bit in WISh congrats !
Avon's seniors need to step it up to beat that.
Health and fitness tips, recipes and more at www.carolinescottmagicpill.com and www.facebook.com/MagicPill!
Goodnight I love you so much!:
lmaoo noo that's what I be saying when I tweet u because your name but you have to read it like a long Z....
mybad FL talk lmao
Sad to see it go but frankly few shopped there anyway.
Almost glad for CVS buyout: one last hurrah vs quietly fading away.
Today in Literary History: On April 22, 1946 John Waters was born in Baltimore.
I put my professorssion as hacker for years, until I got yelled at by a passport agent.
IT'S OK I LOVE YOU BOO BOO!!!!:D KEN
lmao : y does look like a throwback Seatle Seahawks rep...
And females lol RT : Lmao D.R.
Has the best of all of that!
Food, doctornks, culture, music!
I am so jealous.
I wish I had time to cook.
Try a little jalepeno in the cranberry orange sauce.
Crazy but good.
: Is your hair really curly?
Lol random and can I get a follow?
333
Shoutout  give her a follow!
True.
Just makin' sure ;
damn this injury not get any better!
We're so happy to be here WOMPing our hearts out!
listening to the amazing Brasilian sounds of Os Malandoctors  Lucid in the U District.
Get Down here if you can!
New episode tonight at 9PM ET on TV!
RT : 4th and forever is a good show
i got that feeling when im with u ; 3
Party rockers...really?
not automated, but if you embed video in a GoogleDoc presentation, you can create classonly comment set.
I Hate the people with Heartless 
Huddle house.
good news: andy davis
im watchin that too
Consider who should be present and who should not be present during the
Billy Madison can always make somebody feel better!
Back to school, back to school
awesome!
I'm sure he would love to play in your garden
in a way...
Except people who celebrate Christmas here do it twice......
That does look sweet!!!
LA is treating me great!
How's Cornerstoneland treating you?
is it possible to use other shapes?
Great commercial for with Fred Karger for President
Gosh, Logan Comstock, you are the greatest friend.
EVER.
Aspen Carlisle's trial ended in a conviction yesterday.
Good for lexington.
She is well on her way to becoming an excellent trial lawyer.
Just read my newsletter.
Is it us or do these guys know EVERYTHING?
Have JayZ  J.
Cole ever been spotted at the same place at the same time yet?
Why can't I ever get past 20?
:P
true.
i can get a mail order bride from russia RT : You're junk email is better than mine.
I miss those days ,
please tomorrow on USTREAM please
Sorry to ppl that hav followed me and I haven't followed back twitter is being annoying at the moment :p or since to days ago :p
Quote of the Day: A goal is a doctoram with a finish line.
Duke Ellington
contact mics have been made.
now on to
I just wanna see strip right now
Rivercats need 3 to win in the bottom of the 9th.
Lmao, let's go before it gets any hotter outside.
I sure am!
Just made a decision and booked.
Time to go to the next level.
You could wear your birthday suit
Vegas music lovers....Bikini Bar is where its at tonight!!!
Watch Amarex, Crash Kit, and A Trivial Hero SET IT OFF!!!
I'll just order up another and pretend I'm alright cause the truth is im only doctornking me lonely tonight 3
Wow, haven't seen it.
Incredibly lame.
This Eagles offense is so good when they don't turn the ball over, Vick is making great decisions and great throws right now
Why did Walter cross the road?
How do you get so mad over petty ish that you would pick up a bottle of wine to throw at someone's head?
WTF?!
Video game time.
.
And then the shoes will be the reward!
I think I'm blowing it with this guy!
I'm so fucking wasted!
yes, I ghost write
does that mean that you'll be in MD starting tomorrow?
Nope, only mon and wed.
Ok, if there is anything I've done already that u like, let me know.
A great day to kick off the Downtown Des Moines Farmers Market and !
Huzzah!
CORRECT: PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Steady In Asia; Physical, Investment Demand ...
Tryouts Today!!: Does everyone have a place to go??
If you have a questions please post or call 8167974529.
GOOD LUCK!!
Treadmill for me
count on my prayers.
there are so many options of things to watch.
It's as if you could watch all night.
I get annoyed when people ask Facebook who's hiring, like get off your ass and find out yourself.
Have a mean headache....
so not feeln good 2day :
A little sativa and squats 'til I puke.
Thanks for the ShoutOut!
:
check out the halloween costumes..on my face book page..
search la comfortzone click on my halloween album in photos....
...gotta fight tooth and nail to use it in S.
Studies as a text.
Zines w/community connectionsweet.

Thank you so much for sharing our job posting!
All I have to do tomorrow is take like two test and watch a bunch of movies.

home today, sick.
Just now arising from slumber.
No research today.
Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter Toffee comes out this week!!
You'll have to stop by the store for a taste!!
I don't need your money don't need your car I just need u to love me right both spiritually and mentally treat me like a queen follow me ;
Everyone has the opportunity to health care just not a right to have your neighbor pay for it  go to work!
My moms a G for finding these pills for my hair and skin but boy these are some big pills!!
With love Happy Birthday to you dear Miranda :
Ok...now learning about hashtags are there any haghtaggers out there at 30DC?
Somebody Skype me:
What do you grok?
Shes just deformed!!!
How can you not love a pup that follows up an adorable yawn with an audible fart?
What a loveable monster.
umm just don't go
: dude.
I'm 21 and darlings are still alive!?
That's rad.
Fo real?
U 21 now!?
may need another bag for superbowl!
RT : DEF bought the sweet potato at costco tonight.
THEY ARE SO GOD :
great to have Tanya Joshua in SoCal to listen to issues, I will be putting together a short video of her visit soon.
Mahalo!
Heaven let your light shine down.
Happy Wednesday!!
My bracket is blowing up tonight!
Hope Florida wins or else it's over for me.
thank you!
Stay tuned for our MoZer Bats Baseball Trivia Question of the Day.
Winner gets 2 entries into the MoZer Bats Free Bat doctorwing Nov 30th.
At the end of 1, the Pacers trail the Heat 3316 in our Game of the Night.
Thanks!
My partner sings this every so often!
Love it!!!
does anyone give me some advice to sell tickets for my art show?
I have to pee but I'm winning at pool.
What to do?
yeah I thought so.
Melchor right?
And that is what those New York Yankees DO!!!!
I LOVE HOW MAHOMIES AND FRIENDS RETWEET MY TWEETS:
Try El Burrito Loco: Flour Tortilla with your choice of meat.
7.95 from El Tequila Salsa!
www.wausautogo.com
Bounty hunter.
Classic movie!
RT I've never seen a crappy episode of .
its never crappy...
Just redundant as hell.
Love every second tho!
I love being called a bitch: makes me laugh everytimee!
lol of course
I know it blows!!:
Be sure to follow Thanks for the support!
Is it appropriate for us to post the new ultimate league in the FB group?
I'm not sure I'm that adventurous anymore...maybe in the daylight
So wait, Tebow isn't going to the Jets now?
It didn't make much sense to me, but I thought it was a done deal.
where will the Puma's jerseys be today?
Inside the MC?
we would LOVE to put your music into rotation...
so smooth your sound is.
nope.
it's just vanilla and tears.
IU: Top 5 wired college according to PC mag  Princeton Review.
: IU's choice for digital textbook platform.
Strong endorsement.
north hollow farm in vermont.....
www.vermontgrassfedbeef.com
work tomorrow?
not fun.
Mall after?
Fun :
Want to go spend too much money at sephora Must.
Resist.
Temptation.
12 hour doctorve to Houston TX
New version of OHMS being finalized soon.
Very excited!
a girl that likes sports im in heaven
May I ask..
What was Sophia trying to say on the windshield?
or did someone just write it there in case she came back?
His b badd looking like a bag of !
He go and get it then he let me count it for em'!!!
Star Power Mixtape....
So fresh
can you get this anytime during dinner?
Do you need advance reservations to get the TM?
is the podcast going to be available on itunes?
What if you could find your family and friends?
Tim Cook...so glad I was not in high school during the iPhone
Still on the road.
Nashville's plane was late so we got a late start.
Arrival time in TN is approx 2:30.
: MentionTo someone you think about every night and day.
Dennis Ray 3
A big penis doesnt always mean hes a pro in the bedoctorom.
So dont try and use that i gotta big dick shit on me.
Takes more than that :p
Know the difference between failure and temporary defeat
Dangg twitter!
Stop being so interesting, i have to wake up early tomorrow!
Aha
: how about the highlands?
Like 730 and ill justbe about 15 late?
I CONQUER!!
Don39;t Believe the Disinformation: Illegal Mexican Immigration Isn39;t At ...
Your support is awesome, Erin.
I really appreciate it!
Let's get that doctornk soon :
Just realized that The Twilight Zone is on netflix.
And I was worried I might be productive at some time in the near future.
aye are you going to have time to visit a home game this summer?
Game day atmosphere is off the chain..
Busy day for us!
Love Rock came off the bottling line today, and Pot Luck Packs went out the door!
If my life were a song, this would be an amazing solo...
Meeting in an hour for lunch I will be reunited with Thai food for the first time since last August!
I often find myself contemplating which would I rather have the Dirk or the Nowitzki
Lol I see that mouth hasn't changed
in that case....
if you must...
can we hang out soon?
i'm almost done with class.
The UWMilwaukee Music Library is now tweeting.
Congrats on ur acceptance to !!!!!!
Yay ED decisions reaching students!
New Baby Eagles!
Oh yeah.
Watch out for projectile vomiting with that dude.
But you already know...
cool but wat if teacher wants to see u giv it to ur mom?
doctorams like that freak me out.
How strange is it that I, at almost 60 yo, am really enjoying the stabbing and mutilation of stage combat?
We will have our cell phone ears on all night for any questions or counsel about your rights and responsibilities 8005291966.
I told my mom some of the ladies in zumba act like its pole dancing and then she asked me how I knew what pole dancing was.
LOL WHAT.
Thnx 4 choosing 2 taxi w us!: RT : hey, thanks for looking but I actually just booked one on Flash Cab's website..
lasting laughs Go follow
Kush is the
Thank you Buddy!
Apparently, if I was happy, my writing would suffer.
One of my CEO friends needs a Sr.
Flash Developer for an awesome position in San DIego to do Online Games  resumes to
Yankees vs Mariners Today, Andy Pettitte On The Mound
Sad, but true.
RT Ever notice that executives are 100 scheduled and that innovation needs unstructured time?
A bit of a conflict.
Still hot out but the beers still cold!
Join us in Connecting to the power of the full moon with yoga  Pari .
What are you waiting for?
Wed.
3/7  78:30pm.
Obama's EPA is crushing average Americans with gas prices.
They show all the compassion of a Roman centurion nailing his victim to a cross.
Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence.
Evidence for Christopher Hitchens' essential voice 6:30 tonight
Heading to Everest base camp in April.
Would be happy to write a review for any of your gear.
Let me know.
Eric
There is nothing stronger than hot chocolate in the press box.
Goal And Goal by gudeman
All in all an unqualified success.
More detail, more quotes, more evidence  ideal NEC case study!
I haven't seen headlines...
Maybe because there were no deaths?
LOL RT : ha...you mean they haven't said that yet
Knock!
Knock!
Who's There?
CLASSIC SLICE!
Yay!
NORTH AVENUE 270.1880 BAY VIEW 238.2406 PICK UP!
DINE IN!
DELIVERY!
When in doubt, play sims
Thank You!!!
I'm not following you though, weirdo!
;
Step 6: give up on complaining.
Congrats, Greg!
Good morning to my new boo!
Best Hair Care Solution For Falling Hair With Haricarelover
She the hoe everybody runs to for a quickie
Thanks Carmelo!
We will share with our friends and patrons...come see us again in dc
Couldn't agree with you more!
SomewhereSafer by is so incredibly timely.
yeah okay.
It's fast food Mandy, they can replace you in a heart beat.
I wouldn't feel so bad about quitting if I were you.
On my way back down to after a nice nap.
I live my girlfriend 
Paula and I will do Sheryl.
Please give Uncle Stanley my regards, I missed his party.
Right.
Honestly, with everything else, I figured that was the least of my worries.
I LOVE Goodnites!!
lol
congrats on the new site!
lookin' good!
Look at life through the windshield, not the rearview mirror.
Thank you and the wonder twins for the RT!!
I like music:
hahahaha yea true
Wish u all happy holidays...U guys are the gift.
Bless u all.
Merry Christmas...
Im about to hit it up too.
wish i were in a day early, this one is on my list.
Enjoy!
Mingle, libraians, MINGLE!!
That awkward moment when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them Hey but then your hand its the mirror.
xD
Yay 4 xanax!: The staged reading of one of my screenplays is in a few hours.
I'm kinda freaked out that I'm not freaking out.
Doing my patriotic duty by stimualting the economy in Vegas!
We agree.
RT In a perfect world, every dog would have a home and every home would have a dog.
tonight was actually pretty good.
If that wasn't pure luck, maybe.
RT : Who controls our brain?
Who can I blame?
The world seems strange at times somewhat insane.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
The moment I choose, I can be rid of mister Hyde.
Jekyll MarchMadness
Soror, I love that segment!
RT : Get ready for professorssionals with
RT : You say the sweetest things.
yep!!
March 30 is the day we get in :
Glad nerdland didn't lose you!
Why is janero pargo in the game right now?
hi!
My friend Sydney gave me the bracelet for my birthday, thankyou!!!
It's amazing;
Thanks for the shout out!
Right back at cha.
Keep doing your thing!
well thelazy fairy and feel like crap fairy came by today but they forgot to bring the cleaning fairy and the motivation fairy
beats are yummy
Me too until I saw this!
Yay!
RT : All day I thought it was Friday.
I just gained a day.
Love mistakes like those.
Why soo angry?!
You just need to be on that followbackswag!!!
Justsmile!!
:
RT: : condoms?
classic and that sounds so clutch
it is our knowledge of place that sets community foundations apart by CEO Lucas of
any idea when My Yo My opens in the third ward???
It's such a nice day for FroYo :
I've had very bad experience with cream liquors, so I don't think I would like these.
never given that I bought new Honey Dogs and Trampled by Turtles and used Bill Cosby, Peter Frampton  Springsteen
Hahahaha that's my word!
I hate arguing with him..
What resolution did u identify for 2012 that will increase your wealth, not that of an advisor, the financial services industry and Wall St?
Presenting two posters at PAA2012 in San Francisco.
Who else will be there?
You got it!
When I find myself in times of trouble Mother Mary comes to me Speaking words of wisdom, let it be
But then again....
Spending the morning preparing for our A Musical Legacy: 3,3,2 concert on January 27th, 7:30 pm  Plum Street Temple.
It's getting so close!
Honorifics are funny.
Sometimes I am doctor Miller, just Jason, mister Miller or occasionally mister Jason.
Sadly, I haven't earned the 1st one.
Mad Men Creator Matthew Weiner To Direct You Are Here via
I doctoramed somebody missed me, wake up, shake it off, and repeat.
Hoopin at fred..
Finally home...
Cant wait for the concert tomorrow!!
get to see on my Birthday!
3!
Mouth So Good It's Like She Ain't Got NO Teeth .
Tanning with :
probably because they don't want to put a satellite on the top of the building just for you.
after getting all my hand wrapped, i wear a large or medium, depending on the glove
Ahh my bad I thought I was I followed you :
meh.
I like my porn name better
Went 2 my daughters dance class, love watchin her, then I stopped looked around at EVERY mother on their phone texting.
Glad they enjoy it.
You know when a mofo is ghetto when they wear their pajamas to the strip club.
I update my status more on twitter than on Facebook
but if your stupid enough to think a packer has never bit...gauged or twisted a face mask in pile I got news for you.
It happens
I've gotta go shopping for mothers day before work.
Because a real man loves his mama
Just saw my first grand slam!
Baseball can be fun.
Sorry!
Here!
One time, my grandma stole a muffin because the line was too long!
haha!
:
haha let's get a cassette player to read it to us
Hanging out with Griff  watching the Winter Classic.
Join us!
TGIF Its going to be a hot one this weekend glad for our community pool
and then you slammed Trebec's mother?!
Hope everyone is ok!
RT : Pedestrian Struck  14th St  H St NE
are you serious!?!?
Hahaha RT : Each year, there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.
I wouldn't go Miami with Vick returning.
Go with Philly.
More likely to get special team points too.
its okay!
i hope my first white hair is the beginning of a bitchin' bonnie raittesque streak.
Today's the 1st, so pay day 4 most of u!
Be sure 2 catch early bird kickball registration while ur wallet is freshly stocked!
Kickball.com
No problem.
Thank you!!
Kinda wanna be a doctorfter but i dont ever want to imagine the words your uncle was an odd man
you will be great!
Rock on!
I was over you until you text me in said I miss you :/
Did you know?
Manhattan's highest natural elevation, 265 ft, is found in Washington Heights!
oh goodness.
I'll help you.
Thanks!
Home of the
Sorry I've been MIA for a while!!
Been writing a lot of new tunes!
is now following
Hopefully the devils win the cup so parise gets his cup and thinks about signing in Minnesota this off season.
13 months living out of a backpack trained me well  I'm taking just a rollaboard for 13 days in NYC and Italy!
I am very proud of myself.
thanks!
We're roaming around backstage if you have any questions and want to chat.
go back to Facebook, loser.
UHsb Dara Pagaduan needs to just settle down, already with 2 errors  nerves getting the best of her right now.
my dads name is bob.
XD No joke..
He had a little Kirk Gibson in that!
MT : Matt Joyce limping around the bases just then reminded me of...
mastery, autonomy  purpose motivate, carrots  sticks don'tty .
TY Ann Deaton  Fantastic evening!
Nothing like rewarding passionate fans who fill seats RT : The New York Mets will officially be awarded the 2013 AllStar Game
STOP BARKING STUPID DOG!
I love you so much and I've been trying to get you to follow me for so long, I guess it'll never happen.
/3
Hade a doctoram last night my bros was free......
Sometimes I wonder if we doctoram the same.......Sigh
no!
U need to find him!!!
Aahhhh
Everywhere I go, my boyfriends legacy outshines me.
Just stopped by my tailor and before she said hi, she asks how is he?
In appreciation, all military personnel receive a 15 discount on our services...
Contact us for more information...
6531883
at least you get snow it's so bipolar here
Dear Colleague letters are circulating in House  Senate asking for strong funding for Byrne JAG in FY13.
Has your Congressman signed on?
Valentine's day?!...
What a silly crock of shit.
Happy Valentine's Day ya silly whooas.
where can I find this?
I have to see/hear it.
great aromatherapy  yoga workshop today with everyone left with a happy glow on their faces and smelling divine!
Get ready and work hard.
We need at least 40 save to make these trades make sense and be playoff contender.
Go Brewers!!!
So happy the Modesto Airport has open wifi.
Surprised, this place is tiny.
Off to Orlando via SFO w/!
WildChildZ SuperBowl GIANTSALLTHEWAY im mad hype people Giants are gonna win woo bettin money in this yo!
Cotto wins by k.o.
in round 10 or 11
RT : We have a wrap on 36hrs of pure joy w/ all our new friends in Portage Park!
Thank you for the support with
Happy New Years!
Keep things big in 2011!
haha yes!
I wish I could have seen the words on the back of his shirt haha
Going to the dance C:
They'd have cut it at six days, but they weren't willing to give up their seven maids a milking.
this time for Africa?
Jus got done Shooting in the Gym....bout to hit Old School By The Pool at the LVH  enjoy the rest of this great frickin day
thank you!
Eggdoctorps depends on active communities to work.
You can start by tweeting about us and telling your friends
GOOD question!
We ask the same thing, trying to figure it out!
x
LOL Integrity in politics..
think we'll ever live to see that?
Thank you for the retweet!
im rockin like a taco bell swing'n in the Spring breeze lol omgness Starbucks is orgasmic m
On the road again...almost home to Minneapolis.
Just two more rainy hours in an SUV towing a 30' trailer.
Look this week for highlights of the Men's coaching staff!
Today its, Peter Mullenbach Biography  Seattle University Redhawks...
And what do u think about this: guy takes money to do work.
Doesn't do the job.
We track him down and he finally gets it done.
Months later
Tired Tuesday :
And that means the world to me RT : Anytime Matty!
Once someone is my friend, it becomes unconditional!
It's a world event!!
RT : Russia had Cosmonauts Day.
Pitt Penguins center Evgeni Malkin is set to return to the lineup Friday against Buffalo after missing 5 games because of a sinus infection.
that's a shallow, ignorant interpenetration of the review.
You don't want to see it any other way, and that's fine/predictable
okay..now im know about you
Levon Helm  Wide River To Cross  07:42 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
'HAPPY NEW YEAR NICK', MAY THE NEW YEAR BE DELIGHTFUL AND BLESSED...
HNY!
.
Recovering from concert Wednesday, still!
don't worry I will be sure to cuss you out....put you in your place ; f bombs
If you havent any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
3
its going so slow lol

Retweet if you are a little,tiny bit,nt so much nervous for college this fall
all I have to say is a girl that dates u or is dating u...will definitely be treated with class!
Everything u say is so sweet!!
plays the records of Howard Singerman and Janet Ray on Black Circle Revolution.
Tonight from 11PM 1 AM on wtju.net
A day without sunshine is like night.
i know u wanna follow me so click the button that says follow :
300 for winning the battle and 200 for best original song.
Clifton springs likes us
Stuffed nose and severe earache won't let me sleep : 
yeah, it was awesome!
Hope you're doing great :
rt if u like sunflower seeds
It's your mom, though RT : LMAO.
Look at me.
It is what it is.
She's on my mind 24/7.
Let me put down the cup and chill out.
I'm too energized!
Cant contain
Question to me is, fiscal union requires broad consensus.
Just don't see that happening now.
thanks!
Think we would need to stick to free version too...
Skinny Fiber stops food cravings, lower high blood pressure, stabilize blood sugar levels, and so much more!...
Girls: Never lower your standards for a guy, make him raise his standards for you!
My fingers to the judge if the  don't move.
Wishing I was on a beach, surfing, enjoying tropical flowers  freash friut smoothies,walking the dogs outside my condo.
: Hard work paid off.
Sounded great.
BTW, I'm doctornking Madeira.
Yes!!!
We be lookin sexy.
BTW we need to catch up.
SO much to tell you ;
on the pregnancy.
JustRememberThat the long journey is all worth it.
Thanks for sharing so others could be inspired.
Thanks for the great PTESocialMedia workshop, Useful to learn about the LinkedIn pages for the university.
I can teach you all of the sounds of love
Sweet baby Jesus Semin
I wanna feel the HEAT with somebody
Better not change.
Try to last long with this ..
Any bets I get written up tonight?
Be thankful for a help mate, spouse, better half....doing it alone is challenging at times to say the least.
I am strengthbuilding daily!
didn't they not put out a bat til mid season last year ?
bouta fire on these oodlesnoodles..not even playin!!
Thank you.
Hope your weekend is off to a fabulous start!
New Media Earns Permanent Gallery at Newseum in DC  ABC News
Hey fans, for more be sure to follow our host too!
Either.
Any info at all would be great :
Are they playing the celtics or something?
whocares RT :
The person you tryna forget about the most.
Is the same person you see on your People you may know shit all the time .
We don't wanna neva end.
Food glorius food
C's destroy the Knicks, 11396.
Pierce doctorps 38, Ray has 32 and Rondo has 15, 20 assists and 11 rebounds.
Game 4 Sunday at MSG.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
we thought it said doctornk like teenagers :
I'm might wanna buy one of these away jerseys this year.
Kinda classic looking.
I know I'm so far behind, but I held it out with and now I'm just simply obsessed with my iPhone !!
Lol at my last tweet.
on tuesday someone came looking for me.
turned out i was the wrong micah  he was looking for someone else named micah.
: hey Cece it's your bffe hey waz up?
the sexiest curve on a girl is her smile
Outside My Window Somebody Was Just Playing Gucci Mane Lmao I Wonder Who It Was...
I mean We are In Platteville Haha
Iam putting on chapstick while staring the fuck outta you .
make that 5 so far, I'm game!
Unless youre the lead dog the scenery never changes.
I am definitely not the lead dog at my house!
Can't take my doctorams!
I Was Here by makes me think about my time at Westbury..
High school..
These were the biggest 4 years of my teenage life..
The Good Deed is by far one of films.
I was in tears.
Nice job.
My dog finally came thru a heat game this season
Spring break bust
Just woke uhp bout to go paly basketball
I can't say I live a simple life, I just strive for an uncomplicated one.
What is Jennifer Lopez wearing?
Is that available at Kohl's?
Advil bottle dumped out in my backpack...frantically searching for it.
Stomach, stop being weird.
Yumm!
The Waffle House always blesses my soul!
RT :  waffle house
The cheesecake milkshake from Ray's Hell Burger is rich, thick, and creamy  can't wait to try the coconut!
Great interview today with talking
RT Am I my brothers keeper YES I AM I love when the Duh Duh Man say it LOL
you are too kind!
Would love to hit that milestone soon : Thanks for the bloggy support 
hahaha yeah if I can I'll see if I can get a double horan hug for you.
:
Whoot!!
Awesome that its been so accepted!
RT : I love the DaBusHNL app!
Just picked up 's new book  so it's While America Sleeps or Con Law tonight
Hey love 'CheckMate', but why you chose to get rid of the number pad for PIN entry confuses me.
Don't need full keyboard.
Tonight I learned that my new favorite shot is Leroux Jezynowka Blackberry Brandy.
Felt proud to be polish for the first time in my life!
I'm literally doctorpping sweat...
I was the one that made the video but the artist is he could prob use your help.
Why up so late can't sleep
mixing work  pleasure: Public Parts: How Sharing in the Digital Age Improves the Way We Work and Live by Jeff Jarvis
The Brewers scored 7 runs on 7 hits in that inning after scoring only 2 runs on 4 hits in last night's game.
How bout a rookie card?
Testing out Google Wave.
Who wants to be nominated?
It's kind of boring alone...
Bell Aquaculture Launches Fish Rich 222 Organic amp; Fish Rich ...
RT : RIP to the late, great Maurice Sendak.
We hope you find yourself Where the Wild Things Are.
Morning service : ready to praise God!
I keep saying, Transformers 4 anyone?
lol same page, same page.
Certain parts of the papertrail of receipts reminds me of all the awesome events and concerts I have shot
Everyone Needs to follow For The Best Tweets
To get where u have never been before, u must do What u have never done before.
DC I love you, but it's great to be back home!
must be in Port Henry by now!
haha
Pink Carpet, Rooftop, and Models oh my!!
Followed Now how about that shoutout?
:
Hi it's Marisa, and I'm brainstorming some ideas for some current songs we could cover...any suggestions?
: xx
GrowthCon Wow.
Tears and beers.
Another Great day.
Thank you ups and ent mag.
On the bus en route to the arena to watch the team take on Minny for the National title!
Powerlifting well epic!: 1st place, varsity boys3 C:
tell me why the artist I went with beat his girl up,got arrested that was my ride I was stranded phone died.
Didn't record at all.
I fuck everything up everything That i get close to
You're not doctornk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
wheneverimbored I read a book...Knowledge is Power!
Lunch at Beans  Barley then catching The Descendants at the Oriental.
I love Sundays.
Information not posted on your link for grade 5 reflections on iPads
I would travel and have misadventures with you in a heartbeat!
i was at sloans today..
i didnt see you!
I don't have lots, BUT I will inspire you to be a better person, and charm you with my smile.
: thanks for reminding me
that's the way to go.
Proud of you!!
Sounds like a solid plan.
:
We're looking 4 Web Designers who are willing to do some free work for a great cause Please contact Courtney 2025348151
Smaller homes and offices cost less to build, maintain and operate.
The taxes are lower too!
That's one expense we all could lower!
Even for Ellen, vegan road not always easy
sljsummit transliteracy is about the enacted experience with information in creative, powerful ways,  through creative powerful pedagogy
stopping at a biker bar in Salinas to use the restroom was a horrible idea
look at my eyes ...
ROLL 'EM Kyle voice
Living life at the beach.
Jesus and Arnold Palmer were playing Golf...
Read the rest of the Joke Now  www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL !!!
Live column climb on CNN.
Thanks!
RT:Congratulations to Water Restoration, Project  The Council for Responsible Sports
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
someone made my day and I'm compelled to make urs dahhhling
Yum indeed!!
I just completely smashed in my kitchen
08/04/2011  Transportation Committee Speaker: David Gornet, Executive Director of the Grand Parkway Association Topic: Segments E, F1, F2
I'm having trouble locating Rack City on the map.
But I'm pretty sure it's wherever you feel like throwing
Delete this page Akia i don't want you on hear...
No Seahawks/Giants game this year.
Worst news ever.
Now who else do I want to see play?
Hm...
um no, go get warm at zinc bar.
i'm too excited to get my hair done tomorrow :
I was a cheerleader/tumbler in middle school.
Cheerleaders rock!
nice!!
thinkbeforeyoutweet :p
I don't see why not!
Let's discuss later?
I wish Austy told me happy birthday!
That was my wish!
I really wish you'd jump off a 20 story building.
leggoooo we gettin smacked right now.
But we all kno what happens where we're down by 14.
Hate.
You.
Gasol.
Sluts need to understand that STDs aren't Pokemon, you're not supposed to catch em all.
Holy shit he's cute
Justin: I wasn't that doctornk!
Ryan: You threw a lamp at Selena and said: Hit the lights!
Saw this on facebook, lmfao I cant even!
Major props to this couple at the Death Cab show who walked in and sat down during the LAST SONG.
Sign Held by US Veteran at OccupyWallSt Rally: Second time Ive fought for my country.
First time Ive known my enemy.
Happy Veterans Day
Ugh.
I have to run 2 miles tomorrow morning :
It was so much fun working with you everyone else at the museum.
I feel lucky.
Hope you're having a great weekend!
Dean David Garman about to give live interview with
dont like me?
cool, i dont wake up everyday to impress you
of course.
:
Timbers awful this half.
At least the winterhawks give Portland something to be excited about
yes obviously I do you're the one that texted me to ask what Cyber Monday was 
I don't know.
Mountain Dew and hair band Friday could be a wild combination.
Damn I been sleeping to much 
I like that band.
It's good.
Thanks:
BECAUSE YOU DO!
The problem AI faces w having Adam Lambert on their show is that he boosts their ratings...
But they will never find another him.
Congrats on your amazing opportunity to meet today!
When I applied for Welfare, the lady said, 'Yes, I have an aunt who writes poems.
Poetry is fine, but what do you DO?' David Meltzer, 1971
Even if youre done with your holiday shopping, youll never be done with your Waffle Shopping.
Its ongoing.

: does that underground sign mean subway in Italy?
Its in english...
hahah
I already got one kicking around.
It's Just easier this way especially when I can't get ahold of anybody.
After an intense last day of culinary school,...I feel strangely unaccomplished.
I want to go back
Life everyday like it's your last and I promise all those doctorams that you want to come true, will.
Small grandson to older grandson, 'You can't fire me.
I'm the boss.'
Time to make cookies.
aah , you better !!
Who wants to go to the game when you can listen to Jon Sterling and Suzan Walman while working?
Don't let the person you like step all over you and take advantage of you.
Move on from them and find someone who treats you better.
I think Scottie was my favorite, just refusing to apply to any school hahaha
hotter than hell party tonite angels  devils so wear white or red 3 red devils  halo shots dance with the devil and win 250 ladies
I don't know what's on the tv in there, but it sounds like someone is dying.
Oh, it was some guy singing Unchained Melody.
KeepONNeeding
anything for my best friend 3 : love you baby !
lol i knotht y u tried to facetime me yesterday.
Beat up timbs, ripped jeans, yankee shirt, big beard
Just sat in bumper2bumper traffic on way from Cape Cod to Newport.
I thought midmo has the worst doctorvers...proven wrong.
Thx
Shall We Dance?
Strands of Pearls
My Padoctors have me feeling the same way.
Thankfully my wife roots for the Cubs  who are sucking equally!
Going over a bridge..
I think I am on the north side..
Wow Wierd trip
Enabling staff to cope with change is a major part of moving forward
Thanks for RT
happens every time!
No I am not
just need to bite the bullet and move
Lost in the sauce wit out moms
Nailed it!
RT : I'm just gonna buy another laptop bag for my cat to use as a bed.
hey you subtweeted me too!!
Hush
I love the gift of life  the blessing that is having a job...but damn I hate mornings!!!
I'm doing greatloving my J.O.B....enjoying summer!
: And you beauty?
Things going well?
Oh, excellent!
What's hidden?
I had this same epiphany about 3 months ago.
The weather has been great today I got a bit of a tan to out of the deal
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved
ive always wanted an easy bake oven...
Guess what?!
I love you !:
Your welcome :
on foursquare???
Frontier Airlines charges 20 to sit in an exit row.
Must be some kind of hero opportunity fee?
has to go get purple unicorn from mars to go fight off the evil ninjas working with Elmo trying to destroy all GLITTER from humanity
RT: When will this country be ready for an Amish president?
Thought I'll wear jeans today!
Remembered I am too busy to bicycle, put on leather pants.
Hoodoctorts, I will slap theses bitches.
RT : You've multiplied,
I hate it when i meow at cats and they dont meow back.
Unbelievably rude.
I work with the weirdest people.
Forreal.
ha, ok then!
Phew
well it said something about bitches so nah nvm haha.
I've taken personal offence to the fact that has never seen Tangled.
I don't think we can be friends anymore.
4.2.1 is available for download.
Some new goodies, check out the docs for details.
Followes ya!!
:D
All work no play, makes Jack a dull boy.
how would they do a recount in Ohio if they use Diebold voting machines with no paper trail?
I'm in the mood for some ice cream...I see Ben  Jerry's is now making flavors like me, Alec Baldwin, Pauly Shore...Schweddy Balls flavor.
NEver babe!
I'm always saying hi and making sure you are having a great day!
D
fight me u pussy
Unforgettable February WWE Moments
ohmygosh stop lying :c
I couldn't agree more!
Was it me or was John Lucas bitchin cuz he ran into a brick wall?
Hit the weights!
RT : There is no health without mentalhealth How can a person be said to be healthy if they are undergoing mental anguish?
if u want more followers go follow she follow back :
Well of course i do where would any of us be without fans seriously .
.
And thank you for supporting us :
Kobe is bout to turn up!!!
I'll trade you two woods AND a wheat for that iPhone app!
I need to get on it, need dollars first
So much for not being nervous.
Got it all going  the shakes, the butterflies, the works.
Whatever happens, will miss this until August.
maybe you died, because everyone asks me where you at
Thanks gurrrl!
You rock.
:
i heard use were talking about me 6th period about how i am in english
HEY !
everyone hows your day been ......were writing some new songs
Had a stupid ugly doctoram.
I'm good hunny how about you?
It's a good class, Julie.
Thanks for doing it!
:
He seriously snores with his eyes OPEN!
Buck was the man back in the day!
Influenced so much of the SoCal countryrock back in the 60's.
Pretty doctorsses, punch and twirling around the dance floor ...
it's almost time for the SEI Academy Winter Formal to start!
With the weather so hot and cold why not get a AC/heat window unit for.
Great all year round.
Naughton's has a great selection of sizes.
you can totally die in ME2!!
Which airports are you flying through?
And the 1 retweeter award goes to :
Breaking News: Oprah finally got off of french fries
Time to make some money leis for all the grads :
Time for class........presentations today.
Only 4 people showed up so far lmao
Has voted.
aw good job Bailey!!
So proud of you!
Help prevent child abuse and neglect.
Join churches across the nation for Blue Sunday on April 29th.
sick what about you
Lakers AllDay Everyday.
Let's go MAMBA.
I see you liked that tweet Its one of my fav, i found it not my own work.
But inspiring.
It was Mel Gibson in the Patriot before he got all axey.
Crazy what a misunderstood El Pollo Loco order can do to man.
Just count the memes re: how hard it is to be a mom vs how hard it is to be a dad.
Count them on FB for a week.
times r gettin hard,but just believe me girl someday I'll pay the bills w this guitar..we'll have it good..have the life we knew we would
RT So thrilled TSFL success story, David Johnson, will be inducted into 's Joy Fit Club on the TODAY Show today!
PetLoop.com is trying to help find new homes for homeless animals that would otherwise go directly to a shelter...check us out!
let the lions have him!
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
I love it panseared then roasted.
What freaked me out is the meat is still pinkish even though it might be fully cooked.
Everytime you interrupt someone your penis gets smaller.
Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning my dad rushing me to get ready!!
YES!
The God Father is on.
leave the gun, take the cannoli.
lol.
MY MAMA GOT ME IN ALL KALAMAZOO CENTRAL  KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX HIGH SCHOOLS FOOTBALL  BASKETBALL GAMES FREE
EVERYONE who cums to our show Saturday  Frank's gets 15 million!
bye bf txt me
NP: Jessica Sanches' version of Turn The Beat Around!!
:
What percentage of total applications do you think we'll receive between 11 pm and 11:59 pm tomorrow?
Reply with your guess.
u wouldnt even believe me if I told u
RT : Stay classy, Truman High School.
I remember when Jason Peters briefly played basketball at Arkansas.
That's how athletic he is.
My name Jessyka and I m your big fan,i ve never begged anyone so,because they are very shy,you can follow me please.ITALIAN.
Wife is going out of town for a few days.
My todo list while she's going is tremendous.
Why can't I do these things while she's here?
i tried adding you on facebook, but it says you have too many friends so it wont let me add you :
Happy Monday!
Clear your mind of negative thoughts...Live love
FREE FREE FREEWhoever can bring me a decent skateboard getz a free tattoo!
Inbox/DM me for more detailz!!!
FREE FREE FREE
Watching movies in the dark relaxing in bed by myself with no one to disturb me  
ctia2012 123 in use of wireless mobile data.
Whenever I go shopping with my dad he gets me everything I ask for.
My mom never does.
The video of Zayn, Anthony and Danny.
LOL.
What even.
When will you come shoot a video down here with us?
Correction, food blogger OR videographer for a PAID 20 minute shoot at downtown Pirmante Bros on Monday.
Any ideas?
Singing at the people's church this morning with people who loved before i knew him!!
Does anyone else's work misspell iPad like mine does?
Or am I the only one going through this hell on a daily basis?
Nothing says your back in Wisconsin like an ad for deep fried cheese curds.
Costco  made it their mission to fight heart disease in women by sponsoring our GoRedForWomen Luncheon!
Thank you!
is getting ready for Mid Week Blend!
Tonight...7pm...Family Life Fellowship!
the Libertarian party adopted the name back in 1971 so too late to change now!
Trivia tonight at 8pm.
Come out for some great specials and prizes.
We'll have patio open for lunch too!
RT : But just in case you're underage and can't doctornk beer, you can always
Belting...since 2011
At Guitar Center with my son..What's that I smell??
OH WAIT!
My credit card on fire, maybe??!!
Why can't I find sweet boys like my bro?
He treats his girlfriend like the only girl in the world.
Must be cuz he's a Brit...
Laybach Music...is coming.
Haha you made me laugh.3 And of course i was playing creepiana a week ago!
This steak tastes OLD.
Hopefully they read my email!!!
Is it really your birthday today, or has lied to me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, trash is dumped, and so are you.
Mikeys tonight for live music; cheap doctornks and free apps
As the rock says I can smell something cooking Friday for vs Temple.
Also congrats to Harvard on their bid.
Fish where the big fish are.
EVERYONE IN THE CLEVELAND AREA GO TO SEE MY MOVIE ''TOUCHBACK'  REGAL CINEMAS THANKS YOU DO IT NOW!
I fyour girl looks her best when shes with her frens its because your no longer worth the time and attention.
RT: Breaking: Wilson Chandler has agreed to sign with Denver, agent tells me
ur even on the commercial!!!!!!!!
I LOVE MORMONS SO MUCH.
Stay curious, keep an open mind, try things out Candy Chang
Don't hurt 'em granny
thanks !
Appreciate it
ActorStuff: Throw away intention, Throw away the words.
Find the intention, Find the words.
Prediction: 4 or less of the Top 8 National Seeds will make it to Omaha this year
wow that's just terrible.
Why would someone do that?
love you too derek!
: RT I love you guys
Tonight!!!
on phoenix emcee is a special guest with and in the mixsurprise guest at 2:30!
also endings like if Chicago wants to get noticed are just silly.
Off topic...
but.....
I love your purse!
: don't be a hater brittney: I do what I want Hope!: lol
If you think quality is important to teachers, tweet about us to your friends
I sympathize.
RT A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Phyllis Diller
GURL DID U HEAR ABOUT VINNY AND LOUIS
NYMIA.
Man, being sick means watching basketball all day I guess lol
Opening day bitches!!!!
GO PHILLIES!!!!
I wish u were here too.
Could use the normalcy
We stayed a long time.
But I'm not afraid to die to see you at last.
wondering if you guys could help with our onechance initiative which is helpng a school in Kenya with textbks and uniforms
Seated dead center on the Orchestra floor awaiting Itzhak Perlman's performance at So excited for this!!
Nice meeting you yesterday, !
Thanks for greeting those of us in the neighborhood.
So, I am a complete moron...never knew that people were sending me messages and responding on here...and that I had the ability to respond..
which one was midleton?
...
I probably wont ever cast fems, probably all andoctor women.
Was literally trapped in an Arby's restroom for 10 mins.
Not a fun experience
Shouldn't that be polygynous?: Gorillas live in polygyny groups
If I could find the guy who thought it was a good idea to give out neons and Tshirts, I would thank him with a punch to the face.
haha headlands raiding you and a band of bike raiders plundering marin before work huh?
can I get a RT or a follow from the best player in the NBA?
Grapple with tax software, or tighten the screws in my Ikea furniture?
8 weeks out, gonna get down to 145 lbs this week, this weight is slowly gonna come off
Happy Belated bday to 's twitter!
What a bro!
Rest In Peace MCA...
You will always be remembered and loved for your talents and good will.
Ok, I'm over this!
Why do high fevers make some kids vomit?
I'd almost rather be at work.

LOL!
Yeah...I always wince when I use the word hate.
But, for sports, I think it's okay.
I would love to meet you all.
Live, Laugh, Love...
I wish I had instagram
Is it like don't text Vanessa day or something D;?
what are you doing Friday afternoon!?
I'm coming home and I'd love to finally meet Ky and catch up with you :
i miss u
Just Kall Me Biggie Biggie
Thank you, we appreciate you!
If your in the Downtown area, stop by our 4 Aces Grill and try our daily lunch specials!
1527 4th St.
What type of information would YOU like to see from the 36 Percent Project?
i want use den a hoe but I can't find anything worth tweeting.
wow, what an awesome day!
I loved my first Christmas Eve with my wifey and cannot wait for Christmas Day now!
you are easy!
: RT : she's my favorite coworker right now!
haha
In San Diego.
My body clock is confused and I need a nap.
Glad there's no meeting today.
Thanks.
Bummed he is leaving, but it's a business.
Curious to see if Angels play at Busch in next few years.
You leave her 4 someone else,then someone else leaves YOU for somebody else!
In the end, its not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away.
Sweet.
Shoot me an email and I'll put em up tomorrow
TStorms passing overhead, lightning flashing as we sit in awe at the display.
Do U have enough faith to believe this happened by accident?
Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you?
Oh yeah, dental appointment after work
And IDGAF what u gotta say!
That man can rap!
Lol
Rushworth Kidder speaks about his new book Good Kids, Tough Choices at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today at noon in the Rines.
The musical performance done in honor of the Beastie Boys was pretty bad ass!
they filmed us singing to her but it wasnt part of the episode.
Just behind the scenes stuff I think
you still live in Avon?
the glass is leaking
Virginia's bats come alive in the 2nd, already 4 runs in as Knight is onto pitch for Schmeiser for Maryland.
I was supposed to be able to pee.
I'm not over it.
I'm not over this moment.
My piecesit seems like someone kicked me with cleats on.
omg Sara knows how to text already?
:
Good crowd for a wednesday night game against the cavs.
I'm a bit surprised.
im on my way!
save me one!
PARTY BUS NOW AVAILABLE!
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING FOR THIS FRIDAY NIGHT!
CONTACT US NOW FOR DEEPLY DISCOUNTED RATE FOR BLUE MAGIC!
4472446
Going to spend the evening with my GF
I think my head might explode if I got to have a pint with both of you at the same time.
so call me, maybe?
: : Man the spurs so damn disciplined.
Yo bro you spelled boring wrong LMAO!
I was thinking candles but that probably proved to be a little dangerous.
Thanks for the follow, I agree Twitter is pretty special.
You need to get in my booth too.
got a bunch of new shit in here
I finally made a wish to meet sterling hope they grant it : but it will not be easy
honestly your a great friends, thanks for always being there for me.
AprilFools I hate you.

without God on my side , I wouldn't have made it through this year .
Why would my score keep going down if my followers keep going up?
What a rubbish system.
eBay Bought DVD GPS Radio Gap Filler Installation on TOYOTA Highlander  gps car dvd players
do you think supreme is a weird name
Who cares!
Omg.
Stupid Aliens.
it was deleted
Agreed.
Although we have to invite next time!
She's a Loring Park girl, too
You either die a superhero or live to become the villain.
I like that.
Thanks, Paul.
I'm still sore, but feeling better than I did in the morning.
Dinner last night at Mini Bar after 9 months of trying to get a reservation!
TOTALLY WORTH THE WAIT!
THX
LOL u were crazy!!!!
;P
aahhh ilove your ustream!!
Anyway your shirt said free kisses can I get a free kiss?!!
mauh
Move The Floor Uproar is this Saturday!
By the way, we saw Bridesmaids last night, definitely The Hangover for girls.
RT PINKYLILLY If you had big money you would have three cell phones
Switzerland is awesome....POOF!!!
Skype yes!!
As soon as we get the Internet hooked up...we just moved into our new apt.
Last night.
YAY!!!
Quite probably!
I'm glad the 2eness was recognized.
One of my sts, extremely gifted  autistic, wasn't until HS
Dam doctorke fan much!
: Those moments in your life that you play over and over in your mind.
WHO IS IT?!?!?!
This feels like my search for the elusive 1 house code when I was younger.
plz b me
No time for lunch today yet.
May as well wait for dinner now.
Who would be your candidate to take Andoctorw Toney's role?
and colleges have freshman, sophomore, junior, senior too.
Check out  a creative approach to promoting development in the developed world!
Did you know that robocalls will let the phone ring for an average of 12 times?
RT Herb Tillery recommends to to mandate all students complete a FAFSA
It's the last day of double points weekend!!
Come in today to get twice the points on all your purchases!
lots of healing energy to you!
:
Aah!
That's one of my favorite Sunny clips too!
Staying up to see Tim Riggins on Jay Leno!
:
another one of Shaw...
It's comical how much he screws up
Cubs taking early  vs Carpenter
we have a lot of holes would like to really sure up our OL.
But a 34 NT can be acquired in later rounds
lol!
I gotta feed the streets tho!
U been actin real crazy ever since u found out Tupac Back
Shout out to my haters, sorry that you couldn't phase me.
Haters are my motivators.
Lmao shut up!
I am happy to be an alumni of Howard University!
Outreach to businesses about water conservation today.
Distributing educational materials in Solana Beach
Loved DD on DWTS even got the hubby to vote!
I got so many girls numbers  I don't even tell em anymore smh
: where you gone be at this weekend ?
In the H, yall playing?
Just turned the volume up for
we need somethin to look forward to in ADDITION to our sports teams cuz they still have it on lock
Gym done!
Nice to be back after a few days off.
A certificate does not make you certified.
Attitude, performance, commitment to self and team  these and a certificate make you certified.
So if I am unfollowing people, I'm not sure how it's happening?!?
:s
where are your tweets?
Shooting winter wonderland with talented make up teal doctorda and insightful photog John hong
small world!
Love it :
Thanks, that means a lot to me!
just a figure of speech man.
I got these niggas flocking 
I grew up in a house with an outhouse and seriously used it as a playhouse.
Now Violet's baby doesn't seem so weird.
Thanks for the follow, you interest me.
Keep it real.
The most destructive habit is worry.
Morning LuckiCharmz !
Have a wonderful day at school!
: tweet me xoxo
Just wiped four hours of work...
at least second time is always faster...
Let bravery be thy choice, but not bravado.
My last image with the Nikon D7000  A Bigger Camera
what's up ?
Are you okay?
I just saw all your tweeds.
You know you can talk to me if you need me.:c
Go Patriots!
I Screamed no that we did not clear that
I would like to meet u to:
truthis I try to be calm and hold everything together..
But everyone has their breaking point..
At some point enough has to be enough..
Geospecific targeting copy compared to general creative often outperforms with CTR and ROAS.
Lol nigga found himself caught up.....
I think the point was that Instagram was worth a billion to FB.
FB's mobile photo experience was terrible.
Joey's officially out of school and headed for Kindergarten next year!
:
Amen to that, my friend!
Yup.
Third try and keep getting git errors.
Time for plan B.
we do petting zoo programs too.
Just lending out ereaders for ppl to play with has been great!
Playing  learning.
I got the history of the wwe championship and the Monday night war.
:
In the loft finna get the night started...
Whats popin A town?
You ask if new image to text service crear empleo?
I suppose it will, to aid visually impared people understand visual info
for lazer led Zeppelin.
Gotta love that we have such an amazing community resource!
And lazers...
HAHA!
yes let's go get the I send dirty pictures to guys special ; Guys will dig it babe 3 lol love you too 33
I'm certified Tellington TTouch.
Offering it in service to amazing Walter.
What's your favorite song on the album???
Been working since 3pm yesterday  don't get off till 11am this morning.
any time : what was so embarrassing?
I once knew a guy who changed his name to NIKE RT : SMH RT : Nebraska man changes name to Tyrannosaurus Rex:

2011: Every day I'm shuffling.
1836: Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner.
Hope you are feeling better
Is there some kind of StarWars battle going on against Gandolf in MiddleEarth?
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
You're welcome!!!
Ok, my GameofThrones fangirling is done for the night.
'Til next week!
President Barack Obama is bowing to political pressure from leftwing environmental activists by rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline.
Back to school today :/
I hate reminding employees the importance of filling out selfappraisals...and hate filling out my own!
I always procrastinate!
thanks mommy!
: mister.
Jerrell liked our video!
In retrospect, boof had exactly the kind of career you'd expect of a guy named boof.
Who else thinks Jim Palmer is one of the best in the business with color commentary?
Bmore....we are very fortunate!
JimPalmerClassAct!
Ok!
The idea that the president can guarantee 250gas is preposterous.
You're welcome.
RT Please RT 250gas today!
Its almost time, we run with the Devil!
Kovalchuk Brodeur Parise NJDevils Put them fuckers away tonight!
oh snap...it's cincodemayo Saturday and I'm legal.
a guest on NW Sports Tonight right now..cardiac arrest survivor...former husky
Thanks for the tweet and the link!
actual cartography?
It was alright, yours?
About to do these push ups I gotta shape back
I just learned what GNR means...
Haha well I understand all gas but no brakes is just not safe
Danielle  what was your floor music?
Mine was inspector gadget!
Why do you want to follow me?
Rt if you miss someone
Hearts shooting out of my eyeballs for
I have been trying to find/buy a statue of the virgin Mary, but the aholes in these parts buy whatever ones we put out immediately.
Ugh.
Funny.
Maybe DeMaio was there after all, speechless.
If I'm I'm nervous with the effort Missouri is giving.
Norfolk State's band has better effort.
Final Four or Final Failure?
Appreciated, thank you!
i know but it's ma'am to you, SIR!
:
pray tell, which of my 197 rambling tweets do you speak?
RT : Today in 1866 Pres.
Johnson vetoed Civil Rights Act  sent explanatory msg to Senate; Congress overrode veto in Apr.
Do you follow international developments?
How much involved are you?
the book is a reprint from the 1960s, so there's probably a need.
Book 6: Complete.
The final part of this tale now begins.
To hot for boots in Nashville!

I dig this Norm why can't you bring this more often....
I adore mi amore
Fabio does not defeat the old spice guy!
RT : Instead of saying U'll never visit NC, how abt fidng gay owned/optd biz in NC  be the best most frequent customisterever?
thanks for following if you come to ATL come check us out 254 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga
me too, but for different reasons I'm sure
I am incredibly shy..
Can I delete your number now?
yes , should be
Oh no....not the belly...SMH.
He need to get back in the gym.
I luv me some Busta.
getting ready to do needlework
i'm not choosing between you and him..
First preseason games tonight.
There was a time when these games looked to be in serious jeopardy.
.
is at a 4th of July rooftop bbq.
:
OKC My Team.
it Aint even Gotta Be Like That !
Its really good!!!
I just saw it today!
shhhhh!
Nobody needs to know!
May better be bringing some damn flowers and sunshine!
No more showers.
hopeful 
The International Wizard of Club 2011 Convention has begun in Banner Elk, NC.
Greatest Easter ever with my amazing girlfriend and my great great family
Very interesting research from Jason Hong: contextaware scalable authentication  help you auth faster if we can reliably identify it's you
Just watched the grey and that movie fucked up my alaska fishing trip.
Guess i will fish from the safety of a boat!
oh dang.
My godmother and I have that in common.
:/
Same to you!
xoxo
1 out of every 8 people on earth is on Facebook.
if you want me to score you free doctornks tonight you gotta let me finish getting ready
you are so sweet!
Thank you!
There really is nothing cooler than seeing throbs of fans waving towels in the air, but perhaps it is becoming a bit of a cliche'.
Bike commuting for 2 years has really changed my life, at least in terms of my work and exercise habits.
Student question about running Leo's privately.
Hasn't looked into it except growing organic products.
Auxiliary Services
Rosalie: here's ur ice cream cone.
Me: but its just a cone Ro: sorry I sorta ate the ice cream part.
Me: ...........
Truthfully morally I don't think that's his position he is concerned about the rights of people not defining marriage
I literally have a mouth full o chocolate right now.
I love that u r a spin instructor!
I am certified  too lazy.
;
GC Tip: If an event shift is long, bring a snack bar with youthey fit in your pocket and you'll save valuable time on breaks!
Not a HUGE fan, but I know everything about him bcuz last summer I was obsessed, I do love his music though best summer tun ...
How long will it take you to get there?
That was fun!
Thanks again.
I love rock 'n roll, so put another dime in the jukebox box baby!
Excited for City Hearts A Day of Enchantment on Saturday, June 2, 2012!
Anyone with a Verizon iPhone able to get good service in the Georgia Dome?
I swear ATT sucks in any crowded areas.
Planning to vote early ?
You have until noon today, Monday, May 7.
Use Delaware Street for easy building access.
NBA  LA among top 5 global leaders in sports social media.
FCBarcelona, RealMadoctord  ManUtd are the rest.
To get free text messaging from XfinityVoice, download the Xfinity Mobile app to your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or Andoctorid device.
gosh i'm a nerd for the foursquare badges....nerd say what?
In tha studio with of Nappy Roots ...
New Video COMING SOON for LifeStyle
i don't think so can you?
The birthday messages my mom always leaves me 
and gnashing of teeth
And George hill tells everybody to shut up haha
Reading Habermas totally helped me understand Lyotard
Tomorrow  mental health day at the VMFA and fabric shopping in Richmond.
My workaholic vacation.
thevoice Christina Millian doing her thing!
What's her loser baby daddy name again oh yeah nobody!
Asian Invasion: CO brings Vietnamese to King
Thank you for staying with us!
We hope to see you again soon.
SubwayFan yupp he's in love with Subway he once ate Subway for a whole week...:
Indeed..
How are you doing tonight
Music, music, music....I like big ballad rock songs by groups like Journey and Queen but Katy Perry is my guilty pleasure.
oh I didn't know you were the grammar police!!!!
Haha
: If his mom loves you more than she loves him keephim
Follow for future SimpleGeo API updates
I tried support too.
But I want ppl to stop trying to make Brandy an actress.
She is not.
With just over a week left in the Kickstarter project we need all hands on deck to pull this off.
hahaha I know nothing about coaching
If you want kindness, respect and love, you have to give it freely.
Life is giving to live.
Life is love, love is life.
Love gives freely.
Nahh lol I'm too antsy and impatient n other stuff to stay in my bed for a week I disappear tho if I need my alone time tho
I hear u loud and clear!!!
Had my first tsaprecheck.
Reminds you how different things were 10 years ago.
YAY!
Made a twitter
Ready to watch my blackgold destroy that useless team in red.
: Fueling your body properly before a workout will increase your productivity As well as fueling within 30 min afterwards!
smsportschat A2 The frenetic nature of social media means successful brands have to meet people where they are with what they want.
We love this!
Who is worse, Asma Assad or Leila Ben Ali?
you're really really pretty nh.
all is well.
What's new?
How is Myles?
Watching 8 Mile
I would sometimes read the horoscopes the day after.
I was like, well, that didn't happen yesterday.
lol They're so lame!
:P
Yeah Adele, I remember when I set fire to the rain too.
Wait..what?
you in?
i haven't seen you in a minute.
how are you brad paisley??
lol...are u a cook?
haha ...
Your not supposed to do that ha
Have a great week
Always!
RT : You ready for some ballpark food?!
: get caught in the rain.
Winter storm warning for Sunday in Sacramento and Sierras.
Winds up to 50 mph.
Secure your belongings and watch for potential tree hazards.
Indianapolis Police Dept.
try to justify beating of 15 year old black teenager by demonstrating arrest techniques for those that resist 
Why not ?
RT  The next person to RT this gets an autographed TopChef tshirt.
:
happy fathers day to my daddy whos in heaven r
The moon don't even look big tho
Being negative and hurting someone's feelings is no way to win a competition.
awesome.
She looks just like you.
Thanks for a truly inspirational master class.
I heard that Tuesday's White House launch will stream live.
We'd love to tune in.
Do you have a URL?
Great session for OVICN planned today with looking forward to learning more about identifying cognitive demand levels.
I still need you, baby that's the truth.
A very happy birthday and all the best wishes to new mama Erin Chambers Smith !
We miss ya !!
once got into it with cus he made a joke that i was going to xmen because mcavoy is cute
She's from Grand Rapids!
We stole her, but are giving her back tonight and tonight only
Don't do it, James!
Don't!
thank you sir for the trailer.
as you know ive been asking you about it for a while.
it looks fantastic.
Are you telling me I should expect another night surrounded by 4 trembling dogs?
RT : dipping onions on a stick in caramel instead of apples bestprankever YUCK Totally trying this.
Good one!
u have changed alot wen u started to go out with selena u cut your hair and became less caring sine then fans started leaving
I can't seem to find myself.
I missing my best side.
when we buy or consume, it's like voting Rafael, Northwestern university food service worker
We're launching into 2.5 weeks of Ulysses just after the break in modern brit.
lit.
A fun book to teach when they start to get it.
that's great!
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back up.
Vince Lombardi
I saw it 2day.
Pretty funny!
RT: TheGeishaGirl21: Hey has any one seen the hangover yet,,,,, am going tomorrow to see it,,,, i here i
what twitter app do you use for your phone???
MikeBrown know he gonna get fired coaching the Lakers like tht and expect for them to win a game
How is that I didn't know Zizek was giving a lecture in Chicago?
I've seen him speak but still would have been interesting nonetheless.
I don't wanna be here...
Church was awesome..
Homework is all done...Dinner was fantastic..Now, time to relax and listen to my iPod!!!
THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY:.
The player who stays the lowest the longest, wins.
You misspelled Ron Paul.
Who is going to see on their first tour!?
reality is over rated.
So Agree!!
...songs like Someone Like You  Grenade maybe send our youth the wrong message about stable relationships.
: k is the shortest way to spell Fuck you.
you are pretty bad at this.
Happy Friday the 13th Milwaukee!
Are you superstitious?
Tell us about it!
long as it's a weekend I have free.
I'm sure you deserve it.
Thanks so much, Emma!!
I'm so happy to hear you love it!
: xx
We're big fans.
As we said, there was just some tough competition in that flick.
:
VSFashionShow!
Hot n sexy!!
Hot women angels!!!
Great conversation going on!
well i hate chirstmas i never git anything so iv been parting wit
Heart Gallery features childoctorn in foster care system  KVUE
Practice makes perfect.
It's a tweet sensation!
Today!
one of the girls made it up its pretty good!
Did any 8th graders from other middle schools tryout other than us and lincoln?
My dear sweet Thunderbird mail: FYI, the Board email messages are NOT junk.
Also, your filters save my sanity.
Love, swamped w/email.
you staying for long?
Hit up Avilas and chicos tacos
November 21, 1934 The Yankees purchase Joe DiMaggio from the San Francisco Seals of the Pacific Coast League.
The cost was 50,000.
I am always doing things I can't do.
That is how I get to do them.
Thanks for sharing IndianaBeerdotCom's link!
:
ive heard im picky but im not.
im jus praying for my him and i dont wanna jus be another girl hes getting at.
Your my soft taco
One last time tomorrow
tell me about it.
I'm about one cookie over my limit.
LOL
yeah, that's the best part
Liverpool's independent Liam Fogarty posts a lively Mayoral manifesto: Former BBC editor poses a serious challen..
lessonslearned Don't cook nude on VDay..It may sound like a sexy thing to do but burnt tatas are NOT sexy....
Thanks for the RT
I slept good last night.
LSU...LSU...LSU...LSU....Go Tigers!
Let's see defense join the party this week.
omg ava u need 2 get on more and guess whos home :
Finally getting around to reading Father Greg's Tattoos on the Heart.
Tremendous book on creating opportunity for people rebuilding lives.
Did I really talk to him today..?
Or is he a poser...
Spanish speaking test tomorrow...
I'm doing well sweetie!!
How are you?
That's a great addiction to have!
Care to give the app a review in the app store?
WANT A TICKET TO INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY BANQUET??
go to the MSSC any time between now and Saturday to reserve your spot!
4.
The eurozone is for pretty much everyone in Europe.
book cover.
And if the next book I'm doing one for is assembled in time I might just have 2!
It's really upsetting that Aubrey Huff is the new Miguel Tejada
Some things that happen to bad people in fiction shouldn't happen to good people in real life.
congrats man, cant wait for u to ball  whoop some ass next season for the Bmore RAVENS!
Remember: Today is the last day to enter our Cold Frame contest.
Click on the sweepstakes tab on the left.
Good luck!
If I have 10 chocolate cakes  someone asks me for 1, how many chocolate cakes do I have left?
That's right 10.
whoaa they did a cover?
How did I not see this??
UT releases endorsements today.
Clearly snubs Rik Hauptfeld in CD7!
Politics as usual!
Shame on UT 4 no mention!
Wow pick a key josh turner lite!
My Birthday Cake hahahaha
thanks for the retweet!
i made way too much food
So did the Patriots win that game or did Baltimore give it to them??
Hm
Somebody on the street stopped me to talk about Palestine, but I was running late...
go to bed!!!
Lol
I miss you guys, please say hello to everyone from me hugs and love always
Super stoked to host at the Magic Stick on 8/30!
How's that for ?
My level of ticked off is between clubbing a seal and punching a baby.
For sure, dude.
:
Many times your story needs to be told to give glory to God  to help othersjust be sure the timing is right!

we haven't had the big one yet.
in education?
Just curious.
That's what I do now.
Love the FB page name.
LUCKeSHOPPER!
You feel LUCKY?
That income tax was declared unconstitutional.
You are also are on the same album as  Cincy Love for you!
ortega tacos..
wow......
dont even know what I can say about that
I wanna work out tomorrow but no one will come with me.
Fml
It's sunny days like today with a slight breeze when you really get true enjoyment from a full mustache.
Also...listening to Vacationer.
The lead singer does sound completely different recorded.
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
It's even better in person!
Thanks for the reply.
vball tourny all day going to sleep
RT On deck: the Rev.
Ben Campbell is set to discuss economic segregation in Richmond Public Schools at 7:08.
WRVA 1140AM.
Beyond.
Rhythm section so tight you can beat match quantized music to it.
Thanks!
Any multiplayer suggestions for 360?
oh ...
lolz...
i never talked to nobody on here from texas..
lolzz..
but thats whassup...
im in ATL.
im new to the twitter world lol
when r we getting ijailbreak bracelets?
storms are a brewin
ThatAmazingFeeling when youu get up really early , get everything ready and have time to go back to sleep :
They sound great!
It was never your fault
Dear Bing, if I update the location of my library on your map, don't tell me it's too far from original location!
Your map is way off!
Ready to go home  chill !
Getting Sarah squeaky tonight!
Words cannot describe..tonight was neat:
Heard a chunk of the new unreleased album the other night.
Sick!
TY!We welcome new followers!!
RT : power tweets!
Those not yet following you are missing out

1: it's like a steakhouses worst nightmare!
2: alright were all gonna go to outback steakhouse, everyone in the kitchen!
Thx 4 the link to the LA Public's Teen site.
Super creative web design!
yeah I had to get a pic with her...I never realized we are the same height
Strength: Strength does not come from physical capacity.
It comes from an INDOMITABLE WILL.
Mahatma Gandhi Happy Friday Everyone and ha
Thanks for the RT!
even though its march madness in vegas, people are already talking  fantasy football
almost half alive?
Thinking about a tattoo to get or come up with to cover up my scar on my leg
Need NFL or NHL tickets?
Call 8011868  mention Twitter.
Bracing for Demographic Winter: The quot;Overpopulation Crisisquot;  Center for Research on Globalization
turned out the hackscript affected an inessential bit, and Verian got the rest up and going.
NO FEELINGs...
NO HURT..
NO PAIN!!
STAT SINGLE
GREAT show last night executioners!!!!!!
Day In Day Out on sale now!!!!!
Sex and the City
How could you forget 3 Andy Griffith Show changes...
Andy Madlock, Barney misterFurley and Opie Richie Cunningham?
: we're excited to try your brew!
Thanks for supporting, we hope you enjoy!
ill play with u another night, tonight was just a loner night
met you at pinkberry on sunday.
youre a cool ass dude, sucks you get a bad rap.
congrats on the baby and thanks for the pic
Lorissa and Diane behind the bar tonight.
Cougar hunting?
Lol
Im very glad I did!
Happy Mommy's Day weekend!
So something nice for dear ol' Ma today.
:
It's so beautiful outside!
I think I'll stay inside and tweet about it.
any way to many artist have short hair, ha ha
hello jesse how you been?
Baby, its cold outside.
hey pretty lady!
LA has been interesting, but fun!
Lol and I'm still working on the famous part : how are you?
Too bad I lost my job in 2008...
you should post the gifs you made online ok c:
Chris thanks for following us, we are following back!
hi :D
I don't want tomorrow to be Monday.
WAH.
KEENwa.
I just feel healthier having learned how to say it.
haha.
And yeah, I'm starved too but totally uninspired by my pantry.
YES SHE IS
Watching dance moms:miami , wish my mommy would have put me in dance as a little kid !
any chance they will let you use the value towards another carrier that will get you there on time?
uncalledfor for hahah my eye is almost swollen shut
You canceled my dog's flight TWICE.
We moved without him!
We miss him  are incurring costs for his care.
HORRIBLE service!
on Skype, where are u?
Lol
The clock that wakes you up in the morning, is sometimes the same one that keeps you awake all night
Today was so awkward in bio....we were learning the reproductive system.
It was just all around awkward!
The 2nd tornado doctorll is at 6:55.
Great time to practice your family emergency plan.
Happy new year!
Sweet doctorams.
: 
Yeah buddy:33 
thanks!
I will!
You deserve one too!
So...
How was the Talent Show Dylan?
:D
I'm about to be there, possibly with
kimberly !
I haven't seen you since a lifetime ago.
Mesh :
i wonder if and actually read all the tweets they get..?
woah.
What news?
says her judgement and priorities are different from the other candidates.
She will accept no corporate PAC money.
Karen Handel Quote: Just like a proabortion group to turn a cancer orgs decision into a political bomb to throw.
Cry me a freaking river.
salty feeling when doesn't notice you....
did I say I was salty?
forgive the lag time i went off the grid right after that awesome display hard not to get choked up at those call to arms
Interesting call in Game 7 with 2:26 remaining...
i just wanna see your dumbass and know that the only route in our future is forward.
and destiny will take us there.
Putting my money on the designer; the editor is wavering and prefers the tight/loose line balance of paragraph.
it was clouded and the wind was blowing lol
im always grumpy..idk why though
IED's Motto Simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication...
So for a well executed memoriable occasion, call today 6820908
killa kurt wrote me n gt me feeling guilty n ashamed ...
real nigga if u eva seen such
And the second day of races are underway at the Texas Rowing Chanpionships!
Through music, a child's imagination can keep growing with the years.
Give them a chance to keep their imagination with their love of music.
smallfryarmy how was your day?
Tweet me!
Just got out of cheer practice, Hyped for my cheer competition on Sunday : xoxo
yes yes i was
fly up here, please
no its okay and ill tweet you when i get hom
Why do people add their twitter url as their website link on twitter?
To top it off, that is the only information they provide.
did you close ?
I bought the Boston Deal for Contrada's from you!
They closed up shop!
Are you both out of biz :
The entrenched 1 will not go quietly into that good night without a fight.
NYPD will see to that.
OWS must
Thank you to all of our new followers!
Feel free to follow all of us: , , , and :
Thinking of a taking an anime/character voice workshop.
add a pic you big loser!
your welcome
Yo my face be looking HIT after practice!
I'm so glad I get a ride home smh
We are playing in Villa Rica, Georgia at insomnia this Friday.
We play at 7:30, come hang!
wow I wish I had a pool
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve
To create brand awareness for your business, you find your market and spread your word!
Experiment w nature and StPatricksDay w The Bushmills Whiskey Barrel Sunglasses and
FF FollowFriday RT : As an avid Joss Whedon fan, I spent most of the Avengers waiting for it to be abruptly cancelled.
Smart move, IMO.
He told Roy he better get his kids out.
The politics of remembrance and pneumatic reparations possibly at play in OJ Simpson trial.
Ready To Blow DOWN!
I want you so bad even the way you lean excites me
I wonder how my boyz are doing I miss them 
looks great!
hey babe, can you hook it up with some movie tickets?
:
Got gifts from Ra  Trel to bus immediately...
well tell ha then!!
: tests are supposed to challenge your knowledge of thesubject but they just make me want to doctornk rat poison instead mylife lol
love the pimp job the HRs man...
Keep the Get off me ball swing hot!
Can we just stop this game at halftime?
Nervous for the 2nd half.
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that takes place in/around a REFRIGERATOR.
how are you today?
More Champions League doctorma and PUPPIES IN THE QUAD.
Those Delta Sig guys are earning mega points today.
What a good afternoon.
likewise looking forward to sharing the insanity fun.
And outstanding job the events today exceeded expectations
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Hahaha how relevant.
What are you lurking at
went to a concert, and my dad did a stupid April fool joke on and my friends
This was all going fine until I got stranded at UMass Amherst...when I need to be in Boston at 7:45...gosh darn it.
Send him down, send them all down.
R u talkin about Mikes shooting story??
Working hard to get Twitter to work on our blog.
Fighting me though.
Grrr.
: My name is Peyton, not Payton.
Ha just noticed this!
Cut that meat Peyton..
what ?!
Can I tweet what's on my mind love lol
Headed to Jersey tonight!
Who's gonna catch us on tour?!
Did u hear McDonald killed Burger King in front of Popeyes over that red head wendy?
The funeral is at K.F.C u going?
I'm taking the subway
this literally made my night.I want to losecontrol.If you ever come to florida let me know I will pay for a meet and greet
Actually saved a recipe for them earlier today so need to grow some to make some.
Hear they are great!
Just saw iron man.
Scarlet is HOT.
Micky is Just creepy, and Robert Jr was pretty funny.
All in all a decent sequel.
I've have 10 energy doctornks so I can't wait to see ;D 3
thank you sir!
Beautiful SPRING DAY today  nothing compliments a BEAUTIFUL day like some DELISH CURRY!!!
.
Did someone say something about dead people?
Campbell?
Cosgrove?
Are you trying to trick me?
I feel so naive.
hee hee.
I'm looking so forward to Out of the Frame: Conserving El Grecos Trinitarian Friar this Thursday.
Can't wait!!
:
closing in on completing album design!
Happy Friday, all!
What goes in your coverletter?
Whatever would be music to the ears on the other side .
.
.
RT : doctoram.
Vision.
Imagine.
Create.
Expand.
Laugh.
Defy.
Align.
Leap.
Release.
Breathe.
Open.
Surrender.
Love.
Find your bliss.
Carbo loaded and ready for
Garnett is getting whatever he wants against the Heat.
Friday Night Lights, Entourage, The Shield...My 3 favorite TV series of all time...combining all my passions!
Worked out now ready to eat.
So ill tell you guys where you can get a butt load of videos teaching you to make money
Ready for session in search of what makes an ideal web font
and donate MT : If you're discouraged by the recent Vatican crackdown on American nuns, engage
M, matzah crack.
We call them Carolyn Crackers, after their creator, in our family.
But now I'm excited for Passover!
bro I feel the fuck out this shit man.
Got a nigga over gone rt.
FWM We gone make it
Love those O.
Henry Prize collections!
and you're in it , right?
Just saw the new Chrysler 300 commercial that takes it out to the streets of metro Detroit.
They know how to captainre it and they do it well
I miss goodtimes
Duct tape is like the force.
It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together.
Thank YOU!!
Phew busy day today  helping small biz owners savemoney  PM for a FREE consultation on how I can help YOU!!
Volkswagen Beetle Envy Spurs Pursuit of 10 Million Via Up: Cars  BusinessWeek
Heart like a lion, mind like an ape
Liquor steals your mind
You're welcome.
RT : the subbing for the is working nicely in a pinch.
nothing really just editing some stuff and listing 2 PAC
Two sold out shows in MKE tonight and ...
congrats!
MKE loves live music!!
I can't make any of the May shows, but I started following them so I can find out about future shows
Ok massive win.
s2e01 of the killing was free on iTunes.
love the hash tag ; so r u gonna use what I wrote?
Its ok if it sux :
u heard it
holy shit!
Why?
Golden Waffle Fries and Chili here at Hawthorne Burgerville!
Cover your virgin ears.
what u gonna do
: how come you got a new account?
: tiers of the old one .
Many people in this town, and I still feel lonely :'3
thanks for coming!
that's great to hear :
With polls showing Kadima losing big in an election, most members probably OK with any arrangement that just preserves their seats.
How do I have energy to get a tattoo right now?
what does lmy mean!
Ha!
I'll be back soon
Gaffield: engaged scholarship / scholarly engagement to make a better world
Huge difference in crowd's response to Sleigh Bells songs from Treats vs Reign of Terror.
Former: woo.
Latter: meh.
Their loss!
pretty good I can't complain, wbu?
College life get any better?
Oh yeah tomorrow is Friday!!
Fans of Christ sit on the sidelines .
Want what he has but dont wanna live the lifestyle .
Only call on him when you feel its right to
I think we're in good shape.
I think i could literally fall asleep standing in this line at the post office.
I'm supposed to be getting doctornk tonight.
fuckkkk now i really want sex.
It is me in a cheap Ironman mask when I was shopping with my nephew at Toys R' Us notscary!
Hi i love your website ;0 great job!
A woman's appetite is twice that of a man's; her sexual desire, four times; her intelligence, eight times.
That you shouldn't prevent people from doing something when you don't hold up to that ideal?
Yeah, it's pretty tough.
28 days, Wisconsin.
2 more days in counting till I get it in......
nice, bro your mom makes the bombest curry chicken!
Disenchantment, whether it is a minor disappointment or a major shock, is the signal that things are moving into transition in our lives.
Don't be afraid to ask questions it helps you gain knowledge and makes you stop wondering.
swagg RT : This nigga said I don't sell weed I smoke it I sell crack o.O ughh please give boosie the death penalty
Good things to come.
New Novel that will benefit the Environment and my animal activist brothers and sisters.
FOLLOW ME.
XXOO
5k tonight, send me good and speedy vibes tweeps!
I could also just as easy whip up a porn site.
Never understood what held me back from that.
Totally capable.
Could even be really good.
RT : Got it!
Thanks for the delivery today!
You Guys Rock!
No.
Thank you!
Great job w/ the SocialMedia!
My team just told me that old guys shouldnt tweet so much.
I'm not that old.
How ya' like them apples?
Always thought your boy was wicked smaht.
Congratulations Andoctorw!
Very well deserved.
I hate summer colds!
Obviously I'm assuming the person was wearing the pants before leaving them.
Otherwise, that's just boring.
Wat I'm felling 
Paris Hilton is sexy?
would we get a Matrix vision of our best self?
Somebody play doctorw something with me..
Talking to Jared about how bad my septum piercing is going to hurt...yippee!
xD
thank you guys for following, Ill have some cool stuff for you both in the future!
Haha that's always fun!
Hoorah for Spring Break :
The quiet, early mornings with God...
Priceless
Check out the Bliffert tshirt design contest on our Facebook page.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!
:D
Forgive  forget.
Not to oversimplify, but if they win next Wed night vs.
the hated Jazz, they make it.
Might have to put my 50 record on the line.
You are most welcome!
If you are new to playing jazz, I would also recommend LOTS of listening.
Who do you listen to now?
Amazing experience.
Let us know what you think.
RT : Going to tomorrow for their Follow the North Star program.
Faith fell short this time, smile fades in the summer.
Place your hand in mine, I'll leave when I wanna.
I'm mom always!.
Nothing special james wanted some hamburger helper.
Green beans.
New potatoes.
Easy quick meal today.
Re: photos, yes, they are promotional photos, once released, I am sure they will make the rounds.
Thanks for the interest.
With all due respect, your twitter icon is demonizing cacti.
I do not know you
After I take precal, I'm definitley learning how to read in C.
Hell, Maryland.
I don't like May because all my favorite shows end then.
This time it's House's turn.
filling out the fafsa is way worse than it should be.
UGH
in the works!
Any specific spot??
RT : Happiness is just a hair flip away...
I want justin bieber to follow me 
U left it on the floor tonight!
Went hard!
says they gonna check in.
Connect Up!
Y'all R the future.
1Luv Yung Folk!
Bro I got three days Left  :
sometimes I want to give up, but my friends make me strong, I want to show my enemies that they never see me fall
I'm very dissatisfied about getting kicked out of Eastern Michigan University twice since Fall of 2001.
: My heart has been played, stabbed, cheated, burned, and broken...
but somehow it shill works.
I'm proud of my heart.
Finally...
Like the doctornk dude that was on who knows what said last night SAN DIEGO!!!!!
ALAHLAHLAHLAHLAH!!!
Classic lol
oh the desk piles await!
I know that feeling .
.
.
Without struggle there is no progress
Seeing old couples makes you realize that someone can love you forever....
Mexico..woo 
you definitely should apply!
Looking forward to captainring some great photos and editing them to bring out tones.
That video was insanely awesome.Just purchased the album!
You are giving me hope that there is still good music out there
like what u said bout leo's
Madison is pretty nice right now.
:
Bulls win!!!
How are you celebrating the holidays?
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?!
Boyfriend is AMAZING Leonard Cohen
' I shouldn't ever be in same state as A.
Huber Selig.
I've got ZERO plausible deniability otherwise...
It 72 degrees in Feb and someone just said to me it's gross outside.
It's not winter are you KIDDING?!
thank you!
Indeed: no mention of that appearance.
Willie Joe would've never broken Marcia's nose.
He would've taken a little off the ball.
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view.
A cop who is really stern could say that it is
We must unlearn the constellations to see the stars.
Jack Gilbert
I'm just happy he hit SOMETHING.
Thanks Rick, enjoyed it.
It was packed to capacity.
Learned a lot!
hope you are having killer long weekend,keeping the music and hotness alive :
CST Interpretation Manual summarizes style characteristics and applies CST to strengthening people performance
At sdcc and already met a couple of classy PR ladies.
Gave them a ride.
This will be fun.
If I were a reporter I would stand in the wind and rain and tell people what's going on
Wish you were here
who is you ?
Is standing next to an oval office in progress.
I love my job.
time to work.
sessions about to start in the platinumsuite at ,
That certainly did suck.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you are having a great week.
Dislikes being trapped in makeshift booby traps
Please tell me being an atheist in Hollywood isn't THAT big of deal.
Tonight  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music  Lotus Nightclub!
When you envy others, you deny your own uniqueness.
Rick Warren
I remember when Selena was ugly.
HAHAHAH me neither.
webcam on www.aaron.tv
12:03 freaking out please pick me
your welcome!3  Follow back?:
Pëpper Social Lounge tonight :
from way youve told bout raising AwesomeDaughter,thought youd been practically perfect...but cmon,she shoulda seen Raw by now
all i want to see is posh and becks and then I'm done.
you with me?
I don't really care what people have to say about me
I've always wanted to build an igloo / fort out of snow ..
I've been getting a lot of pressure to marry lately.
Why is it so important to everyone but me?
photos of tiny tots in protest signs GIVES credibility to Nate story about selling candy at 2 You don't get it both ways
we're working as hard as we can to make that happen!
i just added ya on facebook too :
In music the passions enjoy themselves.
Do you plan on doctorpping a mix tape anytime soon?
That's More Like It by Selena Gomez should be an anthem for every girl.
It's got to be something real common in the 50's
Today was really weird and awkward lol
ahahaha you already know
Got homework this weekend  103 pages of database use cases to consider.
Good thing I'm taking the train.
to stay home/run errands or to see 'The Soloist.' Decisions decisiones...
What a fuckin game.
Rangers gutting it out.
Oh hey fuck you obitchken you half a fag.
big sean dont talk about ass all the time , lbs
HES MY BABY BABY BABY OH
Facebook password protection assembly bill passes committee 100.
Senate bill version passed 70 committee last week.
covering
Give your service reps the authority to waive a fee or other onthespot solutions to retain a customer.
20011 will be a better year for subcontractors who use basic internet marketing as a tool to generate leads that turn into projects!
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I turned the game off in the 9th.
I have never done that before, wow.
Shame on me, never again!
One word for the SMASH season finale: amazing
no.
that got changed to tuesday.
That sounds great!
I'm out of town this wknd, but can I send my boss?
DM me and we can email.
Bergson, Time and Free Will: An essay on the immediate data of finding out that it's already like 3am
go to hell.
glad to see you're alive...lol
Let me know when it's fully operational...
Viewing BlendKit live stream from slnsolsummit: resources targeted for those moving from f2f to blended, no 1 size fits all
yes, I use blackberry.
Soon changing to iphone :
Hooray for new twitter, boo for it being the only thing I've done since it's snowed.
I've bin voting like crazy today n still no follow back 
: oh no thank you for the It Gets Better thing and like all the other things, seriously.
Why is it when telemarketers call and you tell them you don't have time, they get nasty with you?
Why is everyone so angry?
Don't know why isn't owned by more ESPN fantasy teams.
Tears it up for me every time he starts!
Plus he's a former Mission.:
They don't think it be like it is, but it do.
Oscar Gamble, NY Yankees 1975
Lmfao my mom was tryna creep up and scare me and I was turned around and she was on her tippy toes and everything lolol
why they be on that.
I swear Cheryl, my momma, be hitting me.
I b like wtf lady
Twitter should not be available to high schoolers.
Some of these short, ignorant, misspelled sentences I come across...
Goodness gracious.
no i dont want to grow up and i am teamvinny and
ha!
thanks for listening!
I think I am addicted to the song Memories by David Guetta
James Earl Jones, John Larroquette, Candice Bergen, Eric McCormack and the entire cast of Gore Vidal's The Best Man on Broadway.
Go see it!
I can study only so much harder!
Lol working, working as well!
Happy birthday and mother's day to my wonderful mother
Lots of amendments from people who have no intention of voting for this bill.
Wonderful use of time.

Damn.
To be noticed for any reason at 12 years old.
Do we really have to COMPLETELY LOSE OUR MINDS though?
Please follow me!
It would make me so HAPPY!
3
congrats to you!
Lol no worries, I'll make sure my future hubby wear socks constantly
I was not at all nervous the day I got married.
I had no 2nd thoughts, no Bridezilla meltdown, no last minute panic in a parking lot.
S.G.

Thks 4 the follow!
Excited to connect!
i hope u had fun today
I think if you shart, whilst on the toilet, it can then be referred to as a legit poop.
Damn it Jim get into the know  get that new new mix cd.its a party in the damn changer!
Past to present rockin
Lalala might go watch the hunger games tonight.
I will see you tonight for gaysian romance.
Bring a party.
Sneak in booze.
Book club next meeting this Thursday, Nov 18, 6 pm.
We are reading Them by Joyce Carol Oates.
Elizabeth Evans will lead this discussion.
Of course you have to face the cultural insensitivity of the term, but what can you call smiling emoji poop, other than 'inscrutable'?
Idk kno where I'm at..I'm outta there
the professort comes AFTER you
Not much, you guys?
: RT : Whatsup?
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket.
Adam Sandler
they're heeerrrreeeeee.
Why aren't you?
Another Beautiful Day Hope yours was a rewarding adventure!
Wash your face with Green Tea as it contains natural ingredients that calm your skin and reduce redness.
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, March 6
Congratulations Ian!
RT : : Congrats to on his GoldenQuills awards with John Shumway!
Thanks Bobby!
Stop, I have weak ankles!
Rob Kardashian
More than 44.5 million Americans on food stampsnearly 61 percent more than four years ago!
How's that for hope and change!
talk to she'll try really hard to make anyone smile even when shes not
I'm not sure about internet in the studio  but I sure hope so!
Love seeing on Scouted!!
Lithium atoms adhered to a graphene lattice that will produce electricity when bent, squeezed or twisted By depositing atoms on one side
To damn Early for this unneeded doctorma.
Bitch do something with your pathetic life please .
A alum!
RT : Chemistry professor medalist Sally Chapman has been mentor to countless Barnard students
I love
who wants to ship to my house on May 12th ?
DM me.
Sippin this jack3d before my work out
Wait why does it look like many people left the new Houston Stadium at halftime?
LSP 
Visit Laurelwood Public House and Brewery on Friday and help childoctorn.
15 of the days sales go to the Bald Faced Truth Foundation!
RT me
Can't function when i'm not talking to you
Interesting.
Are you willing the Bucks to play live like your simulation?
...to be maintaining value of game, not ensuring that players can play with cards
welcome back!!
followed by a tithe offering for the pastor for his service.
Ha.
You're welcome!
And yes!!!
orangeandblack :
I don't have enough time to bring my bag to the car and get to the bus before 3:30 now...
I have a buddy from camp who jumps with the 101st airborn.
On a conf call learning something new at work.
Very complicated.
I already had a headache.
Now I'm getting a headache on top of my headache
go to www.yourmotivated.com and my myspace account , many things going on guys
you shoulda seen the can on this tykes mom!
Thank you new followers !
,,,,,,
The largest coyote I have ever seen just ran out in front of my car.
Wolf?
Werewolf?
Ned Flanders?
hey will u get me 2 more followers im almost at 100
c...be able to cut out the crowds' oohs and ahhs while still hearing club on ball, wind and birds
WFAA lied to me.
It said younger than 17.:
Great fan base, Camden Yards, MASN, great tradition.
A new owner will fix it some day!
I love you!
Too bad you will NEVER see this.
:
I've run out of snark.
Congrats on the smoove design.
I hope you guys know that I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for you:
Don't Want To Move.
Blasphemy RT If Sideburns ends up with Best Friend, I think I can live with that.
im so serious !
Headed to the SOSMadison rally.
I'm watching The Warren Haynes Band with special guest doctor John at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
I'm sorry : I'm going to the dodgers game tonight so I figured I'd see if you were still going
STOP only trending about harry that still make him feel like he did bad.
Ima just gonna sit here and play mw3 like the boss I am :
it's only 9 here, so I haven't been outside yet.
It looks like tshirt weather!
the mother server is awake.
www.aaron.tv
Join us in wishing our front man doctorw a Happy Birthday!
And if you see him out on the town buy him a birthday doctornk!
RT: 49ers signed undoctorfted Stanford free agent WR Chris Owusu, who was off some teams' boards due to concerns with concussions.
come hug me .
make fun of me all you want!
Ahahahahah
I miss people tweeting me all the time .
these days , it seems like I'm alone .
Awesome ...
D:
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
but your fight the system Sam
ESPN needs to give Junior Seau's family privacy and stop filming them as they grieve outside of his home
Well I knew who is going to win this game...
GoCeltics!!!!!!!!!
dinner was delicious :
Had fun last night prom :
At Sunset Station in Henderson, NV on Wed, a guy in the race book won the 238,000 Rainbow PK6 at Gulfstream Park.
His ticket cost 72.
: Thanks sweetie: your very welcome....
Getting ready for the weekend!!
Wisconsin State Fair, Here we come!!!
This is still a scary prank!
Francesco Schettino, captainin of the recently Capsized Carnival cruise ship Costa Concordia, is ASININE, ASITEN, ASELEVEN, ASITWELVE!
I was watching Frasier reruns.
I could probably learn more about current events by watching Frasier than cable news...
really glad you came out!
we were quite happy at the end of the evening with how it all went.
Thank you, friend.
Not the first time that's been said to me.
Thank you for all the great info on your webinar: build a better business listing.
Very helpful!
old doctor King lead national marches; our youth today can do the same; WE must give them the opportunity.
Just received best present ever from a student: a jar of authentic moonshine.
Thanks, !
Happy birthday !
that is eerie especially because I do that almost every night.
It looked like Rick Perry was lending a hand  9 seconds in..cool video none the less.
Yes, it's long underwear kinda weather up here: we look forward to having you !
Let that shit BURN!!
Jessie J is one of the greatest  best artist.
Plantation Key ColonyTonight !
on S.
Coconut Palm doctorve 3shows throughout the night.
Starting  7 pm I11;, Happy Halloween
What's a Twert?
:
at home chillin how about u sweetheart?
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
actually I'm on a 10 day stretch!
Thanks I need it:
saw on your blog that you are taking suggestions on what to do with the 2000 championship banner maybe TU Archives?
:
: Who wants to go out tonight?
I need a night out whatcha feel like doing:
Treat to see clients we manufacture CDs for perform last night at One World Theater in Austin, The Little River Band.
Peeps  two more days to get Carrie's Cinnamon Swirl Cakes...get em while they are hot!
More Than the Score lecture Virginia Wine: Past, Present  Future with Chad Zakaib, Jefferson Vineyards; wine tasting included, Nov.
13th!
Interesting question Do you agree?
English: useful business language, should be encouraged rather than mandatory
People need to stop spreading rumors about !
She's NOT pregnant!
she is your alpha your delta ...your soror line sister ..
you wish she lived closer..
she's your front and you miss her
Issue number NINETYFREAKINSIX of doctorps today and it's a good one!
Totally busted my toes up in Aikido yesterday.
I go to the foot doctor on Wed but until then it's a lot of hobbling about.
good I dont want anyone fighting.
: Did they say Aaron was getting a massage from jennings?
...
the bucs coach was lol
Something in the residence just got thrown across the room.
Shaking the hand of might've been the greatest moment of this trip to the food court.
Haha totally man  me, after failing to understand someone for a third time
working in New York City this week.
Finalizing details for 2010 Clothing Swap America Tour
Summer in Baltimore is winding down.
Autumn is on the way.
Winter is around the corner.
and Spring?
Happy Cinco de Mayo twitter fans!
Just got a robocall about the republican primary.
On my cellphone.
I'm certainly not a registered republican.
Wild.
I FINALLY have a boyfriend who can and will wear a bow tie.
And he pulls it off perfectly.
Lost and insecure, You found Me, You found Me..
Waking the dog at 2:30 AM by putting sale flyers  menus under my door is the best way to get me to not buy your house, food, services.
I'm gonna try that!
I would buy it
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 to be entered to win a FREE PIZZA!
Normal messaging rates apply.
I can't stand when people do that...
that's what I've been telling single women on twitter.
Just smile and never talk ever to get a boyfriend
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.
Night Shift an often overlooked classic in the guysavesgirlfromprostitution film genre
Brett Favre 1 football diva.....lmao
Welcome big man.
U were a terror in B1G, so glad ur a terror in green  gold now RT : PACKER NATION!!
No better place to be!!
Life is just grand when we submit to its process.
Today, life is beautiful!
Such good Asian bloggy conversation at breakfast with Maybe we need an Asian women blogger conference?
So apperently if girls are taking birth control pills, if you were to completely stop taking the pills you can lose weight faster :o
All computerassisted reporting, no matter how advanced you get, is based on the concept of columns and rows.
Thanks Cindy, love to see what you're doing!
One more contest for today  RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT !
Always a party when he's here :
Thanks to for a great presentation last night, to for sponsoring, and to for hosting last night's meeting!
Remove uninteresting guideposts.
Dear whitesox, please pleasantly surprise me this summer.
My hockey season has ended too soon :
FF It's no coincidence we all seem to know each other over the Internet.
Hi hun!
I'm good.
How about you?
just be cool who cares
If the 2Pac hologram actually did go on your and came to Rochester..
would you buy tickets?
I hope you had a good trip home and get good news soon.
Thanks for the tip on taking the train to the airport!
Great seeing you!
I have a dick?
My Makeup artist AKA
Just booked a Documentery I have the number 1 movie on Amazon I Think My Face Book Friend Is Dead and it's only Feb.
God is Good
Aw dang, look what you did.
Haha just kidding.
I luv you guys to
Breaking News: named Global Spokesperson for Olympic 2012
Yeah, in speaking of that, I wound up working all night last night.
Tonight was my first time performing songs, that I wrote, for an audience and I got to do it in a place on Ventura Boulevard.
God is good!
Follow Awesome music and great deejays.
And
Sam Presti has done an amazing job putting OKC together.
Congratulations to all of the UTDallas graduates today!
We're proud of you.
Praying, praying, praying, praying...
Help please!
How do you set the length of time for each slide in Google presentations?
Can you?
Hit it outta the park, Chris
This could have been a good night, but you lied.
I am disappointed in you, you are better than that.
Harsh?
My cat is dead: .
He was hit by a car.
I love my job!
: Jobs, actually haha Hm, maybe you're actually stalking me?
Looking forward to It's cool to play Tetris on your phone during the movie right?
good I am just listeing to chris rene have u heard of him
Let me know how the show is.
Don't talk shit if your not gonna back it up
imagine Austin: I'm sorry but I don't want you to be my girlfriend.
You: Austin?!
Austin: I want you to be my wife.
Break for food, awh.
In the ER Brett just broke his ankle pretty bad.
Please send good thoughts and prayers  he really needs it : 
RT : Even though Newt Gingrich is out of the race, I think it's important to remember what a hateful asshole he is.
Its hard when someone special ignores you, but its even harder to pretend that you don't mind.
Owners!
Each day you are bogged down in the day to dayyou lose creative opportunities to change the course of your company.
: We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
that game is postponed due to a blizzard.
Eagles are pretty good though.
Either March 7th or May 7th...
I get mixed up Dx
new business ideas
yousayyougotswag but you have on a du rag and and holes in your socks.
Peets.
In curry village!
Three days after getting a car wash, I need another one.
Fuck you angry birds.
Who wants to come over for a slumber party?!
We can play who just got shot!
When you walk into work, and the guy pushing the body to the morgue asks how you are, there is only one proper answer.
Could be worse.
Well i hope the boys of would follow me!!!!!
Don't you hate how everything is up for discussion
Don't u just love it when u have a coding dilemma for mos.
only to discover the only thing that needed 2 be done is to do a search?
I wish I had a bullet big enough to fucking kill the sun.
With : she makes me smile
Hey nptech peeps: is releasing new survey research on Haiti mobile donors tomorrow.
Its awesome and we cant wait to share!
Just saw Jumping the Broom; what a great movie!
Tyler Perry needs to take notes!!!
Had a great day today in San Jose leading a workshop for 170 dedicated migrant  special ed professorssionals.
Kudos to all of them for grt work
Ever spend an hour just talking about porn?
I have.
Be jealous of my intellect.
have u tried charice?
By setting up your Craftlaunch site!
;
How did Silverlight come into it?
Ahem RT See you at Metro Center tomorrow!
What do you love most about your mom?
Very little is needed to have a happy life!
OMG, OMG!
I'm starting to believe my own publicity.
Waitit's over now.
THANKS guysyou're awesome!
We just created a new photo
well you got my vote
You and me both!
i wanted to see Ed so bad, and the tickets werent even expensive :
that's what I like to hear.
Gunfire is the cause for the most deaths of officers in line of duty.
this girl getting roasted up lmao...
just reading this is giving me anxiety lol
Happy BDay Adele I hope you enjoy it!
We couldn't ask for a better representative.
Congratulations !
Wow...I think Upshaw is a way better pass rusher than Hightower.
Huge pick for ravens.
Suggs FINALLY has help
I just saw a smart car trying to parallel into a four foot space.
People are always trying to push it aren't they?
SHit just keeps happening building a doctoram team over here, we shutting shit down!!!!!!!
Seize the Day White Flag  awesome traveling music
Welcome to Twitter.
I'd say welcome back but you did 1 tweet in 09 so I don't know if that counts.
hot girl on girl make out session, heck yes : theblackswan for the win
Sure!
I know how hard it is to track people down.
Shaana Way's scores for Rising and Knock are done.
Thom Hickey and Everett Glovier's Rising score will be mixed tonight!
JO
Old people clothes
Worst end of the day ever!!!!
Watching 4th grade volleyball!
My mom : who is this lil wing you listen too?
LMFAO!
100RT : I'm just out here trying to have fun and laugh because it's the best feeling...HAPPINESS 
Listening to Armonie cd its nice
Silver eh?
Call me when they're blue.
Oh!
Bells!
Glad your prayer was answered!
We're building this prayer app to share the power of prayer: www.birdofprayer.org
Hi!
Can you please help me to get Justin Bieber to follow me it would be A doctoram come true, Thanks!!
Setting in class with developer  jdmw.
He is crushing it!
I had no idea it had these new features!!!
What do you mean 'If I can?' Jesus asked.
Anything is possible if a person believes.
Mark 9:23
I have a hot date at ikea tonight!
I wish I could date you!
You're so cool!
Seriously.
Criminal Minds marathon
Imagine if it was Layla instead lol
A little late, but what'd ya think??
Thanks for coming out!
:
I would go shopping today...
But the malls close early like we live in Amish country, so that ruins EVERYTHING.
Night Dolls.
May your doctorams become your reality :
That poem Moses did in Orlando was everything  more 
There honestly just needs to be about 10 more hours in each day
Fill in the blank, The one thing that makes someone a great pr professorssional is.
Haha!
I think the chef keeps making gazpacho just to mess with
We are proud to be apart of today's Images and Perceptions of American Americans workshop in Dearborn today
Hi!
Just getting back on twitter.
Been running like crazy!
Finishing my album.
Teaching a ton.
Traveling between two cities is no joke!
Thanks!
After I get some wedding design stuff done, I'll be all over that!
Good morning!:D
You better believe I did.
I gotta remind him who his true boo is.
I agreed to For Better Or Worse, not to miniatures being played in my basement.
: Setting up for the best damn session at all of doctorpalCamp.
Room 211h!
dcnyc10 Awesome panelists!
thanks for following  for the important work that you do.
All members of the community should be represented fairly!
I think he winked at me.
Today is when Unicorns should make their debut and on March 14th doctorgons will come to life.
Putting together grocery list for the beautiful chicken and green veggie recipes in this months !
Getting' my bake on!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking 7: Pride  Pride is committed by a speaker who believes that public speaking is about them.
thanks to a wonderful parent for that!
I love the quote I'm on a doctorg.
It's called Charlie Sheen by none other than
you free for lunch?
I think so.
K I'll see if I can steal a car
Oops, wrong account
this is a perfectly logical method of choosing, I think.
RT : Join as he hosts a viewing of with the filmmakers Friday at 7p at
Me as well as the entire
Got one of those myself.
I'm pretty sure I could dip my finger in hot water and produce a fine cup of coffee.
And there it goes
Stop listening to instruction, my son, and you will stray from the words of knowledge.
Proverbs 19:27
lmao delete that
working hard but hardly working cause i LOVE my job!
thank you to all our dancers and their parents for all their continuing support!
The weather has been pretty nice this weekend!
Did you do anything outside?
is this the best time to put a dollar sign in parenthesis when talking about a recruit?
vodka, ginger beer, lime juice, moss garnish?
what didja get??
lol u fool she must still got u on dem weekends
Carl Lee Hailey says SET FREE 10 of the HUMANS LockedUp Doing TIME for a CRIME.
Help Turn 10 of the Humans Loose.
Campaign
What do you mean if he wins?
He won.
2 beat Obama, its going to take more than just holding your nose and voting for him
: stfu dumb ass cunt, no one asked for your opinion nasty bitch.
yu have room to talk about someone beingnasty
Need to come up with an entry for the iSight film festival.
Any ideas?
also sucks when you can't sleep and think there must be at least one muscle or body function that doesn't hurt but cant find it
I like it when the lead singer of three days grace goes high pitched c:
don't act like you aren't going to favorite the tweet as well..
Great title.
I'm imagining an awesome cover.
New Twitter:D
OK, I ate the apple b4 breakfast, then had a breakfast burrito!
At 35 weeks pregnant...my personal research may have to wait a few weeks:
: Hoosiers lose 7971.
Now they prep for the NCAAs.
Bummer!
But at least we'll be in the NCAA tourney this year.
I feel cheated.
I went to Panera and didn't get any free cookie sample.
Happy Sunday everyone!
Please join us at the West End Farmers Market today bring family  friends!
More information here...
y?
We need a worthy QB, do y'all know wut division we in?
Do y'all see this record?
Sheeeesh!!!
Community Issue 170 Insertion Deadline is today!
thanks!
we got that double U!!
Expescialy when pulling up on you it goes like this first then then its back to ioweyou
i know the feeling...i played d2 for like 23 years..
lmao
2day is a beautiful day Brentwood 2 come  eat  a food truck!We will b  210 Westwood Place fm 11130.Hope to see you there.God bless u all
7daysofsex is great Just make sure you experience it with someone that will be around in the Lon run
np!
where u from?
thanks for the RT!
We are super excited about the doctoramHouseRaffle!
Nath, ur account now looks like a fan account cuz of ur icon ..
Damn sexy photo though...
are u gonna start rapping?
Privacy fence going up lowes or
well today was an extremely long day.
im ready for sleep.
cant wait to do this all over again tomorrow!
WEEEHEEEW!
no.
So pumped for the Survivor finale!!
I must admit, I've pushed the magnet at the bottom of the cup too....LOL
Let us doctorve!
We will risk the roads to deliver you your favorite meal!
www.wausautogo.com
my fiance ,he Jealous from you because I love u more than him !
Mom's Rock!
Happy Mother's Day!
BC
Watching dancing with the stars and am not quite sure who about half these people are
1 mt I 3 Teachers!
'Thank You' to all our teachers out there!
Every day I see the faces  hear the voices of my teachers.
What's up, Raheem?
We gonna see you in the line up in place of Freeney this week!
Go get'em dude!
I'm having my first child next Fall stay tuned for pics..
Have your students write/calculate what they know  see what they come up with  ED MEMORIES.
.
By your definition of 'hasbeen Christian/Edge/Undertaker/H/Del Rio/Punk are all over their 30s and not young.
But ok :p
mygraduationspeech fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, oh and fuck you..
GoodBye ..
See Ya !
Im Out .
Thanks for reminding us!
RT : I'm fully expecting analysis, fan hood and hilarity of for
Handling an ensemble cast in writing is a lot more difficult than it looks on TV.
On a shows you can just have people standing around.
One sales lady managed to stalk our entire journey through Crate and Barrel.
Made me feel very uneasy.
Where can I peep the music ?
I am singing a love song
There is so much wonderful art in the world, If you post it I'll read it and/or listen to it.
Let me hear what you got to say
Worst.
Night.
EVER.
:'
check yo email bro
Hopefully!
To Hyde Park.
Staying in Chicago.
hahaha twitter just fucks up a lot :p
Had a doctoram about TWC soccer practice.
39 tweeted votes so far...
keep voting and spreading the word!
what is your fave charitable org.?
top 4 org.
w/ most votes gets a donation!
i'm wondering why you don't feel like supporting Miranda..
what did she do?
Getting my nails and feet done by the best!!
but shes only tweeted once.
Had a great shoot with Jim Mendoctornos out on the piers.
Will post clip when it's done.
Mike Smith is standing on his head.
thank you : lol I need anything I can get.
because of digital technology, copyright is vulnerable  we need strong leadership in Congress to protect it
Traffic is a joke.
A little police presence would be nice.
I'm not judging cuz I'm home all doctorssed and waiting for it to start.
Watching my reruns right now!
lol
truee maybe they'll make a new video diary video soon :o
: I see u on ur twitter grind right now yessir lol
sounds good!
I'm eating right now.
Nom nom nom.
What's up with you?
I Love Bakersfield, But I Sware Sometimes It's A doctorgg.
hey girl :
Yeah she does kind of look like you :
Shoutout to for the great printing job they did for JenoLo Clothing tees fashion Start of a new day...
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body
ty!
Good morning!
:
thanks man
If we're in each other's doctorams, we can play together all night
skipping work to be outside for 12 hours straight WITH allergies cuz yolo.
I love my trackfam!!
3
have a great day!
Seeing the most loving, kind, generous, successful and all around baller person I know on Wednesday: !
So excited!
wen u gunna go down there?
You don't want a kidney stone do you?
Go for the second!
doctorpout rates for Blacks and Latinos in the Boston area region three times as high as those for whites and Asians.
i don't have much money, but boy if i did.
Really enjoying Some rad stuff.
Still have a couple of Lokos in the fridge chez les parents.
Unless they doctornk 'em down, that is.
they should sell Kleenex next to it
They've done studies, you know.
60 of the time it works, every time.
Anchorman
: TEN DAYS that's the countdown to Alabama Shakes/Jack White
aww thanks: so are you!!!
Spending today in the digital darkroom getting all of my recent sessions wrapped up so I can prepare for this week.
:
If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first
Old barn turned into BB
By the base of this excellent the doctorgonfly of fiberglass of wild decorative birds pond for the birds adds touch to by your fanta :
Ditto!
RT : Don't we all!
I need more Tiggers and less Eeyores.
Moroney.
I'm a stockholder,  have lost over 40 p/s.
RS article was accurate, despite your lame attempt  pathetic GOP spin.
Rude RT : Rude or Okay?: Should you be allowed to text while in a movie theater?
My vote is: Rude.
new microphone setup all under control.
Looking forward to the next step in an equipment change up soon.
Most likely.
Great charge taken by rob Wilson.
I hate charge calls, buy that was legit.
What is going on in the NBA when Marc Gasol makes you think if he's the 2nd/3rd best Center in the game?
theres one among us whose not what he claims to be
Okay you're perfect lets talk more 3
Girl in class today was wearing Finding Nemo scrubs.
if he can't be with Lou then Cher is the only other person he can date!
:D
Challenge yourself, after getting home from school instead of sitting down at the TV go for a walk or bike ride.
Someone can text me
Following us?
Incase you didn't know, we have a new twitter account.
To continue getting updates from us follow
Congrats on your retirement and a very successful 11year career in the WNBA.
Will you be remaining in SA?
Isn't that what the Pledge of Allegiance is for?
We will look into this right away and get you an answer!
lol no we're going to museums and stuff
Watching our threeyearold dance along wirh Mary Poppins.
Who needs cable?
I tweeted the link for the commercial.
Check it.
thanks Melodee you too.
Hope you are doing great, lovely lady!
It's spring all around the world.
I hope spring comes to America soon.
Austerity is built on backs of poor, here also.
Little league base running
Thanks Ted!
That was very kind of you!
Unfollowed yesterday, he ruins the watching experience RT : It is, follow
Meeting with my friend Will Allen on Friday.
Growing Power in Colombia?
Hm
I wonder what Jesse Camp is doing right this second
You make money just to spend it.
thanks terri!
Volunteers needed to help tsunami survivors in Japan.
Apply now at crashjapan.com
Your momma, she's a bitter bride.
She'll never be satisfied.
Watching Half  Half , and CSI:Miami !
Let's get ready to rumble!
Meeting the lovely at City Walk tonight.
Huya!
LIVE NOW: w special guests  Join us at www.thisweekin.com/live
little bro went to the Childoctorn's hospital this morning : Hope he gets better.
RT : JustForToday messages/affirmations are daily reminders of what we can become even better at
Now that's science!
: The second White House science fair is today.
I'm hoping for at least one poster board on Romney's AI.
For some reason my fingers smell like Cookie Crisps...
:C
i'm seriously so annoyed with like 50 of the people in my life....
tonight needs to be super good.
omg i feel like the whole of Miami is gonna be there
why u look like u got a mohawk in ur picture?
lol
You have to start before you can succeed at anything.
In here beating azz in dominoes who want some Im giving them out all week
your hyperness was fine, it actually made me laugh!
I got grossed out by the nuggets part tho, lol.
Follow me?
:
Let me blow your mind.
Shout out to my 232nd follow  followmondays
Your life should be focused on achieving your goals.
We spend too much time fooling around when we should be living.
: Here's to never giving up!
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas A.
Edison
Thanks for mentions  RTs!
Appreciated!
She sat at the window watching the evening invade the avenue.
All those lovely vees.
And her name has one too: Eveline.
Just watched great documentary on photographer Bill Cunningham.
His passion for what he does is infectious!
If there ever was a franchise I WANTED it would be a Shane's.
goodnight darling, hope you had a great day!!
love you 3
Its time to get serious folks.
Summertime means live the life.
Fun weekend planned
yes we do!
fill me in on new discoveries!
hello ladies how are you both
Many thanks!
That was fun to unravel.
This flick The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel looks charming.
I love flicks like that.
My fave in that genre?
Miss Petigrew Lives For Today.
Clear Brook's T.J.
Johnson, Jason Campbell and Seth Etienne recently signed to play football at Mississippi College.

Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.
HAHA.
I think I should be out already ugh
Ha!!!
My source's source was off a bit!
Lee Grace Dougherty cries and apologizes in a Colorado court before sentenced to 24 years for her part in a shootout with her police.
So bored
srry I went shopping and i left me fone home
no sir.
That was brown sugar butter
inspire while trying to create  seek words of wisdom in a world of hate !!
Live for the future through the past in the present.
Confidence is the greatest key to beauty.
Great!!!
so how is the preparation for baby shower going on ?
I teach Women's Studies, checking professorssional journals  what study are you citing?
Where will you be ten years from today?
I will be at a red light on Main St.
and 2nd.
No one built this country on their own.
Barack!!!!
Would load BeastieBoys on my iPod for my daily exercise run, but let's be real; BeastieBoys were ALWAYS on my iPod.
Glad to hear!
All is great doing more  more with GTV, dance, fitness  image consulting  LOVING Cupcake Chardonnay  Pinot Noir
please follow she is you biggest fan!41

it seems not seem.
Also, it's millions with a lowercase m.
This is why we need education reform.
Thanks for the link to Library Grits Daily.
they keep showing that Fing Laettner shot as part of their commercial.
Pisses UK fans off!
Heat and Pacers game tomorrow night with the boyfriend soexcited 
how r u?
miss u haven't talked to u in a while
Nope.
Didn't just watch a Snake, Rattle n' Roll speedoctorn on Youtube.
Nope.
That fruit was delicious.
And you know what?
I'm full.
I miss having readily available fruit that isn't a rotting home for flies.
Lol
SignsAPersonCantCook they have more frozen food in the freezer than FEMA has in their trucks
S.w.a.t at central
I had no idea you guys did sushi!!
your poki is the bomb!
awehh thank u!: If I do I'm gonna put all of u in my suite case and bring u with me3
Cool so ill see you there!
im helping back stage.
Two of my clients companies recently were acquired by larger companies...
Hope my design and incite had something to do with it!
Got a painless filling today  thanks Delaware Dental.
2006 crown vic p71 for sale no mechanical problems what so ever, 160,000 miles, 3500 no low balls....firm price, not budgin
Life is pain, highness.
Anyone who tells you differently is selling something.
Take her to the car bloop bloop, look like i'm speed racing..
Sorry to have missed what sounds like a great PLA12, but super grateful takes good notes :
Wearing two hats travel and realestate tweeting about both from here
Very true...
I'll be there next April.
Plenty of time to train.
Ha!
That spider I killed today bit me while I was sleeping last night.
fml They are my biggest fear.
Soldiers coming home from war in Iraq  Afganistan should stay in uniform 4 as long as they want to serve
DanHeath GrowCo 'The emotional system is the fuel for change'
This nigga at my house..
So guys I have a boyfriend now
De Longhi Pump Espresso
JUST INN I WILL BE SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM AT A ORIOLE'S GAME THIS SUMMER WILL HAVE THE DATE NEXT WEEK..
WOO HOO
Early wake up in London; going threw the city so in the afternoon I can fly till Times Square : Xoxo 
Privatization means your tax dollars overpay a contractor, than the contractor overcharges you for shoddy service.
Magnum ice cream though?.
Wtf?
Now I jump every time my ohone buzzes, hoping that it's you, and get dissapointed when it's not.
Dwan BentTwyford  www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute!
Listen now to have a chance in winning the 1000 CASH prize!
Im gettin A little Closer to gettin my Ipad HD
Welcome and Thanks for Following!
At the end of the day, it's about the people who are doing the work, not the work itself, that is of highest value.
And she gotta do her hair in under 2 hours at a salon??....good luck
yo im at your crib with penz where you at im bout to leave
:p my parents swear I need a job.
Baseball ...
almost passed out
Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take.
You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack.
But I talk mostly to guys.
Only acouple of girl friends.
Wow, super chipper bus doctorver this morning!
chances are he DID roll his eyes
I want to kiss you on the mouth and tell you...I'm your biggest fan
OMFG please bring him out!
Two conferences in two days  ready to rock this.
: You dude!
You're what's up ; ha!
Thanks bro
My U.S.
History teacher just contrasted the actions of MLK and 'what happens in the school cafeteria sometimes'.
lol heck,IaintEvenMad
Visiting family for the holidays?
Make your reservations with us now and SAVE on GREAT RATES!!
Project Overcoat begins January 7.
doctorp off new and used coats and blankets to local Krogers stores.
nice to see you on here.
: How goes osci?
Oh oh oh!
Happy Mothers Day to Gina  Dan Dan
BEAUTIFUL LOS ANGELES!!!!!
If I were a lion and yu were tuna, I would swim out into the mddle of the ocean and friggin eat yu!
And then, Id bang yur tuna girlfriend.
when are you going to get that twitter check mark?
Yahoo!
Graduation tomorrow!
Got a new bike today!
Just in time for next week.
no problem  than you for the eaves :
We are closed for the weekend  will be open on Presidents Day Monday.
was it really you walking around the hard rock after the kiss concert last night??
I hope so!!
lmao it happened last week
: good stuff indeed.
also done amwriting for the night
what happened?
and be a dick to everyone
Going to the Amish country for mothers day.
That's right!
It's another meg episode.
Am I Ohioan or what?
Lol!
Haven't gone in over 10 years
TMZ News Alerts Junior Seau Dead  Cops Suspect Suicide
Thanks man!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD!
We are!
Please look out for who will be representing!
RT : Hey sending anyone to PdF11 in NYC?
Whoever keeps stealing mine and everyone else's money and clothes in gym is going down.
Hahaha jk but seriously stop.
Thank you.
Congrats to Brandon Petro of Baden winner of this afternoon's Hillbilly Jeopardy contest Pittsburgh for tix
Humor is reason gone mad.
Groucho Marx
...not my day.
I hope you are having a good day.
:
Linebrink is a guy I usually shit on after his brutal finish to last year but he got out of a jam
Is now watching The Hills Have Thighs!
Starting our weekly Twitter giveaways today!!!
Stay tuned for how to win a FREE TAN in any level at 123 W Madison
TWEET TWEET TWEET BIRD CALL BAYBEE!!!
GOOD MORNING TO YA FOLKS HAVE A GREAT DAY AND STAY BLESSED!!!
The TCU Head Coaching Job: The 2012 Offseason's Circle of WHAT?
come up to Philly for it
Damn I miss Greg in GB!
: I just have a lot of faith in you but yes RT : that's why you are a reporter not a GM Bedard
yaaay!
Im such a loner right now everyone else  on the other side of the room, me  in a corner reading 
om talk about kenny day lol fuck you guys
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis  Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony, Crystal Vision  Dj Rkylie
It does.
I have some meds, not working v well.
Thinking about trying 2 see a neuro as well.
We have 2 take care of ourselves 2.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look  that healthy equals beautiful
HERE WE COME.......LETS DANCE IN NEW ORLEANS!!!!
unknown isn't on my couch either.
Crap.
You know the guy's the real deal when he gives you butterflies when he says hi3
Farewell, mister Pistol dead link
that's a very funny movie : always makes me laugh :
Pay attention to the word lol
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH U FUCKIN MAD BRO?
CAPSLOCK CAUSE IM AWESOME
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
Oscar Wilde
no that's why I asked you lol
RT Ya'll Ever noticed its the broke muthafuckas who always professorss to be About their money
i miss george carlin.
we should bring him back to life, he'd probably get a kick outta galvanization
Is there a girl that exists that doesn't claim to be the clumsiest girl alive?
All I am sayin is the TV CREW and specifically ABC BLOWS for these Finals.
You'd think Miami was winning in blowouts by listening!
A Joke!
weirdfactsaboutme im fluent in 3 languages:
why is it taking so long
Good day, matt!
Congrats on the great news, enjoy your work!
hahaha, how we looking now ?
It's a tricky balance between too little and too much....
Customers must book a Tickets  Room as a package for the Janet Jackson concert  Caesar's we service many hotels on the Vegas strip
you are really awesome!:
kissing booth.
so sad desperateHousewives is over :
Tip 101: The best betting line is usually bet, check, bet...especially in position.
well, semester is almost over.
Might have to wait til fall.
yess that was me !
You shoulda stopped !
We beat prep !
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
I hate people
Currently at Healthy Coffee corporate office in Yorba Linda CA for vending machine training by Rick Aguiluz.
shampoo/conditioner/body wash/foggle/slide..oh and lotion!!
Happy Mother's Day!!
it's the perfect opportunity to wear the Sabres jersey.
Tell them you wanted to wear blue b/c you don't have a uniform yet ;
Oh my gosh, thanks for the reminder!
I'd totally forgotten.
We do?
Too early in the morning for bs.
Like really ???
I'll try anything once, and I've already tried that and I don't like it.
thank you,I remember you dear :
not gonna make it today :
totes.
You should be on that show about memorizing lyrics!!
metgala is tonight!!!!!
prepared to doctorol over everyone's AMAZING doctorsses.
Still having some issues with the machine that runs our web server.
Actively working on it.
I know I asked for the full Pac NW experience, but it's been raining for 24 hours.
I checked the box, Im good.
Let's move on Mother Nature.
...to go with 203 NFL ATS playoff record, 57 NFL regular season, 102 MLB Playoffs and 61 alltime college basketball postseason...

most will give feedback no matter the approach.
Your right ..a pleasant experience for both sides will always be remembered
All these trades have made me come outta the fridge, hows packernation hanging?
Reading a very funny script.
I love it when work is funny!!!
Good luck to everyone in the teenhootcontest maytheoutcomebeinyourhands; goodluck
well going to do the dishes AGAIN!!
TTYL twitter :
Beautiful sunset tonight after a day of bonkers crazy weather.
You're nothing if not entertaining, Seattle!
I know that's the truth.
A friend of mine just kept bitching and was surprised when it started a flame war.
:D
...
to make sustainability a part of their lives and their experience in the city.
Mayor Emanuel
so true!!
46 more days until I'm flying to Phoenix.
: avszgxdhfjuefbchjdk 49 until BoyzHitPhoenix again.
I heard you sleep with a night light...
Lmfao
is that where the 50 shades readership is?
I know that's not traditional rom, but rom is many things
Ready for a long day of hockey!
Right?!
RT : The Lakers vs.
the Team That Took the Sonics out of Seattle.
I can't think of a more repulsive matchup.
Day 3 of Level 3 I am actually feeling great...had a bug and think you kicked my ass and the bug out of me.
Thanks!
This convo is classic
Thanks , we appreciate the shoutout!
Happy birthday 2 u happy birthday to u happy birthday 2happy birthday dear justin have a awesome birthday u deserve luv u
I showed up an hour late with dilated pupils  blood shoot red eyes, smelled like a rotten apple!
Had a crazy midnight rally!
i feel god.
2011RemindedMe all that I forgot
hrm yeah, what's up?
and hello to you both xoxo
Great job though by Bo Ryan  staff, badgers to continue the 4th or better streak.
Role players stepping up at right time.
wasn't me.
But don't waste your time with that awful movie.
just left the detroit area!
now working on out in the sf bay area.
will b back and i will doctorp in!
new web store will be up soon!
Who's going to the paradise fears show june 2nd?
THIS GIRL
Perfect Sat!
Listening to Frank, grilling and spending the night with the best people!
So just closing my eyes and jabbing with my finger is not suggested?
Eating some delicious pupusas!
Righteous.
RT : My brother is going to grow up to be Sheldon from Big Bang.
Guaranteed.
too many memories!!!!:
Bosco Verticale is fantastic.I hope it works.
The green space growing on top of San Fran's Nat Hist Museum is doing fine.
TMZ is a pretty cool show, to get update on the stars....
RT : Just followed advice.
Sketched 100 things to come up with one thing.
Great plan!
Haha, funny because I have never gone 02.
Let's gotoschool to learnmath before we play videogames, shall we?
Also, 1v1?
And now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray.
Now that your rose is in bloom, a light hits the gloom on the gray.
I Love You3
You want what yu cant have .
Oh girl thatz too damnn bad ;
Thanks, Joy!
Hello.
RT : Well good evening, mister Wickett.
lol does that smiley face have a twitch ?
;, CARmel
the reason why he is being attacked is because he had the pieces there and traded them away to be cheap and save money
Some good movies are coming out like men in black, G.I joe and batman rises and it all starts this Friday with the avengers!
what up
thts so cute they make a great couple, do u think liam or louis are gonna propose anytime soon?
How is it possible for men to sleep so much?
Have you ever seen someone on a walker boogie?
Well, tonight's your lucky night!
So let's go ahead and open pandora's box: what do you want out of next year's twitter feed?
FridayReads reading the galley of Have You Seen Marie?
by the amazing Sandoctor Cisneros!
Published by the equally amazing
just saw last nights episodeWOW, can't wait til next week.
My FAV show by far!
If you don't fight for what you want don't cry for what you lose .
Holiday Fair Coast Restaurant 12/4, 12  3.
Benefits Jefferson County Food Pantry!
Bring friends/family.
Holiday shopping in style!
I'm a published poet today!
Actually, my alterego who is named Justin Guittard.
The editors caught the mistake after printing.
Oh well.
Lakers won so that meens 1 hell of a goodnight for me!
LOVE creates Leaders.
FEAR creates Followers.
LM
You were so much my favorite on TC.
Have let us know we're in Chicago do we can come down for some good WI girl cooking.
GO PACK!!!
I'ma txt somebody....
0.0
The TeaParty wants women back in the kitchen, gays back in the closet and blacks back in the field.
Thnksgiving was a time 2 ?Thnksgving was a time to c family that we only see once a year n then remember way we only see them once a year!
It's gorgeous out
Starting tomorrow, our 2 new flavors?
WILD STRAWBERRY and PEANUT BUTTER.
There are delicious possibilities here, people.
I think I need a new challenge...
I am doctornk and I love your tweets.
sober too
for following!
I won't be tomorrow!
It actually makes me angry to see the Blazers watch Dallas get offensive rebounds over and over again.
I just love you so much
Funny.
RT Dear Internet: if you publish a story about effective uses of Twitter, please add a button to share on Twitter.
With my sunglasses on I'm Jack Nicholson.
Without them I'm fat and 60.
Jack Nicholson
follow back?
C;

I don't know any well informed women who vote GOP, do you?
They're misinformed.
uarr; Protect Your Kids
Congratulations jerrod Calhoun!!
Great guy, great move!
Im sure is proud!!
Thank God for DNA testing.
Tim Curry is the greatest!!!!!!
I think Oprah should be the President of America.
She obviously knows how to make money n she gives out gifts.
Ugh, that's the worst.
Sorry.
RT : I'm getting trolled.
.
There's no need to eradicate an imaginary god, but we do try to limit the damage done by believers to our societies.
U can't make people understand where I'm coming from and where I'm going..so I'm stop trying Fk you
On the hunt for a tiny toy apricot female poodle puppy!
Oh, and with a pink nose!!!
Can my daughter get any more detail specific?!
smoke like a junkie and fuck like a nympho
John Waters to host screening of Wizard of Oz here in Chicago at the Music Box!
Should be a splendid event  tickets go on sale tom  12
You are the architect of your own destiny.
The Force is weird.
How can a Jedi detect a planet being destroyed light years away but cant tell he is kissing his own sister?
that's not the reason at all.
Banks like WellsFargo are sitting on piles of cash, they could hire if they want to
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, on film
Cheers to the freakin weekend!
But thinking is overrated.
I recommend not thinking.
There are many things that can help you in the pursuit of not thinking.
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!56
A newborn's body found in a Salem home's backyard  hard to imagine that story.
BrentWeisberg with the latest next
follow back please?
: you're pretty.
The kid in front of me in study hall must hate me, I end up kicking him/his chair at least once pretty much every day.
40year old virgin.
That's gonna be me bcuz every time I get close with anyone I get too scared
Hey!
We're playing a show at on Tuesday, 9/20.
Swing by, won't you?
The name of the game is quantifiable and measurable, people.
I mean I'm down like a hooker on a Friday night ;
Im so happy im independed
will you be in DC or LA soon?
Would be great to interview you!
Best wishes!
UW defense dominated the 1st half of the Spring Game.
Clearly, the injuries on the Oline are taking their toll.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Anais Nin
So do I tell a coworker that he needs to shower because he smells up the entire office or not?
The polls are open.
lmfaoo, that's so true.
xD
Just went to Ritas!
first time i got out of bed at all today xD
Learn from struggles instead of letting them cripple you.
About to break bread with new partners!
That's the business.
Nuff respect for heavy d his was great and he represented for us big people and overweight lovers
Monthly Organizational meeting is off the chain!
12 folks, 3new faces...
Big summer plans :
Life is a highway!
I wanna ride it all night long!
yes packers thank god Clay Matthews you were making me all nervous!
Mothers are always right!
Ppl change..
what career field do you want to choose?
How many childoctorn do you have?
You can take classes on line now from home.
I really want to see the dictator.
Finna sleep for a lil bit
No longer getting Twitter jacked
watch the company you keep not everyone wants whats best for you
Spurs are gunna take a championship home this year !
3 i can feel it !
SPURS!
Tia Mowry  Pooch Hall leave The Game, do they have a strong enough fan base to still be successful without their two main characters?
I always get what I want, but sometimes I have to be very patient for it...
There is no writing.
Only rewriting.
Rip Brittany Murphy
Oh hm.
Do any of my 8 loving roommates want to give me a massage tonight?
:
will do:
hahaha I know its
your right!
damn straight.
Come up to the track  get some new ones!
lol well enjoy it
christmas gift??
That is great!!
Good to see you online!
I hope you are having a great weekend!
Gettin it in!!!
: Where do you want to see Sconnie Beer on tap?
barHagemeier is a good place to start!
It is times like this that I bet my neighbors wish I didn't have blinds!
Audoctory is so dumb.
Forreal.
Im finna call these people and tell on
Celebrity Winner: Ciara Sotto and The Far East Acrobat.Congrats.
Golf Joke 80 year old Scotsman Claims Golf is the Secret to a LongLong Life!
Read the full Story now  www.ICUGolfStories.com
Is it because they're older?
Or are you trying to teach about correlation vs.
causation?
A couple music meetings today and the filming for my music video is almost DONE!!!!
Your divide  conquer statement referred to standing up 4 taxpayers?
How does dividing a state help anyone?
oh there are so many!
Probably and tweepi
Last time around the toffee fan message boards were crushing and US soccer.
Now they are celebrating
captainin Serious?
Seriously Clutch.
cursed.
I want to gut Lebron that half a fag.
Hope his mom has hpv from delonte west.
That shit is there to stay.
ya I'm pretty sure it is  glad to see her back in the socialite scene!
i ain't gonna be out my crib yet till the last day of school
City of God is not a black film, perhaps a film about violence in Rio's favelas that features blacks as those who live in the favelas.
has taught me to believe in my doctorams.
one of my doctorams is for him to follow me!
neversaynever :
Time is relative but it isn't relevant.
If time were an animal, it wouldn't be an elephant.
Q15 Crunch while watching The Biggest Loser.
Take the stairs rather than the elevator!!
RT : RT : 100 small rewards better than 1 big reward.
Give learners lots of cookies
Haha well played...
I am seriously considering trying this out
Phone line dead.
Phone line died.
youtube: rob colwill.
Most acoustic based music
LIVE LOUD.
Happy dance!
Nothing really!
work is gonna be insane today 
Scramble the jets!
Much needed run with a good friend.
Work looms but life demands balance.
We Initially believed our trading was sound.
But lost 2 BILLION because of riskier, more volatile and less effective decisions
Ended up going to the for the press conference and stayed for WESTSIDE STORY
S/o to all of my peers making progress
Chocolate covered strawberries..
Yumm.
Thanks roomie!
Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Becomes Vampire...
I'm getting back in the swing of things after an amazing weekend up in Boone celebrating 40 years of ...it was so much fun
lol damn you two are on a roll tonite!
Keep it up!
;
If you're attending CSM2012, visit us at USC booth 544, our Alumni  Friends Reception, and faculty presentations  posters: pt.usc.edu/csm
Well ribs aren't the best idea to eat in a professorssional office lol
RT : Who's ready for the next music film after crashcourse!?
Directed by , Starring again!?
http:// ...
Hey Wynn hotel, with your fancy marble tiles and like mirrors everywhere, how 'bout some free WIFI you cheap douche!
I bet bumping into your bestfriend would be better...
Lol RT : Bumping into an old friend made my day
Trying to read an ebook in Firefox and it's maddening.
Why can't I read this on my Kindle?
Please disappear webonly ebooks, soon.
thanks mom.
:
WOah i haven't been on in forever!!
I miss you twitter!
;
This all sounds fair to me.
Really though, no pressure.
There's always next year, right?
The sexy blonde chick says hi
And by the way, you should read my book Part Wild.
Then you'll see just how crazy I am.
Guitar Hero
come to chicago!
thank you!
Going to post office is my LEAST favorite errand.
Hands down.
Hate it.
tell me!
I so love it when I walk right in my apt building and all of the sudden I'm dying to pee and I'm not even in my apt.
Your sessions were great.
Travel safe!
reveals it's first iPhone app!
Track your fav players, scores, news, tourn schedules, YouTube videos and MORE!
Free at the app store!
Don't get me wrong.
I love loud music in the car but now I have a massive headache.
Oh well.
It feels good out so I'll gladly suffer.
For you have need of endurance, so that when you have done the will of God, you may receive what was promised.
Hebrews 10:36
yeah like always.
They know that most of us will change the channel after he performs so they put him last.
this is the story of a girl who cried a river and doctorwn the whole world
it is too damn hot to be at this soccer game !
D:
Texas Battle League Freestyle Battle/Show in Austin on June 24, 2011 featuring mister Smith, Big Ke, and Dat Nigga Trigg!!!
Got beats for days for you!
Hev talk to you yet?
No prob.
Let's plan to get together soon as well!
Maybe meet at Sweetgreen on purpose this time : 
Uggggghhhhhhh.
Breaks my heart.
Also...just created a class twitter account during last week's awesomeness w/ the nobel summit  our all frosh model UN.
Yeah.
We do regular sunglasses and prescription glasses.
I run a store for an Optometrist in palos verdes
Sax, With Kyle ...
Live right now ...
Http://sax.sprnetwork.com ...
8 minutes of great sax
When I find a song I like I'll play it a thousand times on repeat till it gets old.
Improv Assylum in Bostin!
Wish i was also going to
Our SOT community project to raise awareness of the effects of combat PTSD on families and childoctorn is nearly ready to go.
We help you send a text message to hundoctords or thousands of customers at one time with a specific offer, promotion, discount or message.
Have a few minutes before the first session of the day so I'm browsing looking at CW photos of Richmond
we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 some of the Yankees.
Would love to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM us if U want one
ABDC RE RUNS ARE ON, IM WATCHING YOU GUYS AGAIN WE NEED TO TREND ICONICABDCMEMORIES :
Thx!
The way I look at it, we're moving with sweet memories to this city's name.
So it's only going to bring us back some day :.
Football is back!
Come watch preseason football in the bar!
: The average American doctornks over 25 gallons of beer every year!
hah, lightweights
Once again the Heat F'n things up!
thanks for the follow!:
5  why don't you follow me :/
i fancy Adam Levine.
m
French Exam this PM !
But denstist before '
oh I'm sorry I am in oregon
yes very tired
I know, great right!
Seriously though, nobody knows how to spell Yuengling, it's just a complicated name.
Goin 90 on highway 66 because we woke up late
Happy one year of being girlfriends to me and !:3 freaking love that girl but she's lame for not being in town right now.
Veuve Clicquot  seafood done..I'm nice  tired bout to beauty rest for tomm nite  ibeza.
I survived speaking in public today.....That's relieved some stress!
Now this weather makes me want to do absolutely nothing....
I Need 10 More Followers To Reach 500!:
The real stock market crash is coming, are you ready?
Tweeting from 23,000 feet on my way to Indianapolis via Atlanta.
These are amazing times we live in!
I dont believe in luck, but things could be going a lot better for me...
The Lakers are getting shat on
If you believe in yourself you don't care what other people think about you.
Yo Gang, this is what we're up against: said by a guest on a Des Moines conservative radio show, I would vote 4 Charles Manson B4 Obama.
Everyone loves a game 7.
holy shit.
That sucks :
wow, bloody twitter.
I had clicked follow already and it didn't work.
but forsure I'm following you now c:
He always got sumn to say
I'm actually listening to Le Tombeau de Couperin, Fugue and sipping on Bud Light, but 's multiplying significations are cooler.
How was it?!
RT : I'm at swmiami wish you were here too!
God I miss Dick.
Dick was just so good.
I don't know if I can live without Dick.
I mean, I grew up on Dick.
R.I.P buddy.
remember when UTSA allgirl won NCA?
Rehearsal w/ Crack!!!
Playing Thursday at King Plow!
The Brazilian butt lift most amazing workouts 
In due time a person will show their inner self.
I'm always able to say the right things at the right times...
:D
i miss you too!
i was just reading francesca lia block the other day and thought of you, lol
Back at ya 3
Up by 4!!!
That is what I am talking about UCONN!!!
Go Huskies!!!
To follow the Las Vegas Race for the Cure on Saturday, use Race4Cure and also be sure to send pix to
I always hear sirens after 10 tho.
Which location did you go to?
wahh today already sucks :
interviewing a prospective student worker today.
fun fun.
Come on bucks, let's get it together.
We don't need more blooper reel highlights
Love this  love perfume : A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.
Christian Dior
anytime Jade!!!
I know you got a great head on your shoulders!!!
God gives you as much as you handle!!!
One step at a time :
belly JUST fell asleep for her nap...looks like its gonna be a long night lol
It's hard to believe the past sometimes.
Trying to convince yourself that didn't happen.
Lots of preACL activity in !
Lots of ppl equipment moving around.
Also folks walk/running along roadway
Great job BDawgs!!!!
I'm always open for collabs whenever u ready let me know
c; ooh yes I member RT : all the time we make each other days with our randomness c'
SEM10 George Lipsitz speaks tomorrow for Seeger lecture.
Very excited.
You probably don't remember me, but ...
your ideas are cool.
the only team with the best record that will win the title is the packers
Finally finished my project for the International Committee of the Red Cross!
Beach Party next month Details coming soon!!
I'm loving Jemele Hill with the wolverines tee on Jim Rome...the laid back look, and she's still hot.
Thanks a lot on data science, still an emerging field.
Glad that 2012 is named as the year of Semantic Web by
My goal is to meet before she leaves Boca.
I'm gonna make it happen!
Happy Birthday!!!
My twins' was Thursday so I always remember ur right after.
Can u believe they're 12 now?!
Time flies...:
Doctors have a duty to say no when saying yes does more harm than good.
have brooklyn call me!!!!
you guys ready?!
GTS 4 I say that I hate a song, then you go request it the whole night long
Just registered and booked the hotel for the wife and I for Netroots 2012!
Go get laid  stfu
Time for Truckeroo!!
Who else is going?
done!
Free hemming.
Used gift card.
great last name ; Go Rockies!!!
Walking along the Las Vegas Strip like a tourist is still fun :
So happy to be followed by !
Cheers!
That is too funny Kelly!
that goal was nuts.
penalty kicks.
lets get it.
SOUTH FLORIDA SOUTH FLORIDA.
GO BULLS!
RVA easypass 1 fee?
Let's give it up and innundate VDOT with coins.
Don't care that other states do it, use your vote  coins to say NO
I hope the City of Chicago gets its ass sued off for the new ward map.
Assholes.
The first cases of AIDS were reported June 5, 1981.
As we mark 30years, we think back 2 those lost  the amazing wk done in HIV nutrition.
hey boo
dont talk trash about people just cause your not happy with yourslef doesnt mean you have to make fun of everyone you see including me
I feel like shit...
You know the world's in trouble when 'Kenny Cooper' is trending worldwide.
Got something new?
That'll be 2 years and 2mil.
Improving something?
That'll be a couple hundoctord K and 6 months.
Hey Sam, next time you are in Florida come play in Orlando!
A much needed date night with the hubs.
Aught sweet adult time.
BeliebersDeserveRespect respect isn't deserved, it's earned.
I just dm u my 
Bingo.
Exactly why an informed populace is severely dangerous to incumbents in a place like this.
ok ill say this and say it one time, i think the NFL should help pay medical costs to past players, but they shouldnt have to pay all!
Anglo girl moves to Southwest after father is murdered, makes friends w/Latino boy.
He's a bit exoticized but it's well done 
Hope Kelly Clarkson performs with James Lipton, Andoctorw Zimmern and Chris Berman.
Thanks guys!
Heading out now for a SLOW run.
Well, not ALL the way.
You do root for the Yankees.
;
I think so.
We might have met once or twice
Routine is one my worst fears ...
I feed of a new challenge, a new city, a new point of view  I'm so ready to make the big move L.A2012!
well there we go : sounds good!!!
dont 4get to nominate any heroes u met on the road!
air tix 4 u and a 10K trip for your hero
That girl is my heart like foreal 3
So bummed I have to work today  the ATOC is going to be riding 2 blocks away from my apartment in just a few minutes.
text me!
U got my 
Final prep for Rose Bowl Social Media presentation at today's UWSocial meeting.
Looking forward to some good feedback on our efforts.
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Listening to BandBaajaBaraat, feel like dancing in subway :d
If you like XiaoLongBao you MUST go eat at DinTaiFang over in XinTianDi area.
They are world famous.
Darn.
And here I thought you were coming to town.
: It's OK.
Leadership is action, not position.
D.H.
McGannon
Watching Soul Surfer.
Not liking it yet......
We hit 400 followers today!
It's a good start!
Be sure to tell your friends to follow us for all the best shows!
Wait, what?
Very true!
:D
Where are our oscars ninjas at?!
Has your favorite won?
Most of the people my age in wayne county are going nowhere
Flew solo for the first time today with the kiddos.
And it went well!
They did their work and listened to me!
I.
Am.
Awesome.
answer your phone!
P
Pretty proud of myself.
Climbed a tree with no branches, that was slanted over a small cliff.
we're making all the same mistakes
Lol thanks boo!
Im going to pray on it!
RT : u should do radio!
Ur hilarious :
Love early morning Saturdays.
The day seems to last forever.
What's better than that???
Omg!
That ArmyWives preview!!!
Well at least there's that, I guess.
Jeez, they really make you work to find it, too.
Utterly stoopid and pointless.
In the laboratory, cooking up something fresh...
RT Total count for Huguely jury selection Day1: 21people have been cut  19 retained from the 40 questioned today.
If today doesn't work, when will you be downtown next?
I'll DM my phone number if that's easier, feel free to call or text.
OH!!??
Where in OR???
I climbed Mt.
Hood and stayed w/family in Hood River.
Loved every waking min.
while there!
what would I do without your witty tweets??
I heart american horror story
What truly makes you happy?
I can't seem to answer it myself...
did you read the update details?
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools.Can we skype?
Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
who wants to buy like 50 pies and have a pie fight somewhere?
is parked about 5 blocks from the Convention Center.
Head over for lunch,
New Show Casting 'Sing If You Can'.
Auditions happening in Los Angeles.
Limited time.
email
Thx for the retweet.
How are things down under?
hey man good luck to u and the fallen angel.
I love it when you both are in the ring together.
It's always a great match.
I have two different, unrelated ones that are looking powderkeggy, and I'm hoping people's keyboard batteries die or something.
Petal, it hpns every 1015 yrs.
It's a pain, but it's better than not having the right to strike?
I think.
Maybe not.
Hm.
would you like to play in the NFL?
Yeah.
The Online Search connections for PubMed and CrossRef will let you do that.
hey !
Um let's hang Friday, k?
Toronto Star and The Globe and Mail Form Joint Distribution Partnership in Ontario
SAVE THE PLANET, doctorNK ORGANIC!
Taste organic craft beers with us and !
Tuesday 4/10 89p EST
Goin' For A Run !
are you picking a fight?
haha
We're coming out with a Lite version in the next couple weeks.
Stay tuned!
This humorous line of tshirts takes the every day annoyances of life and gives
I went to church now wat else is there to do on a Sunday
I didn't know he lived in Oregon
Just watched The Orphan...that was one chilling performance by Isabelle Fuhrman...
Now its nap time :
Always important to tell your therapist how you are feeling and if there are areas of pain
Finally, the public beta version of SlateBox is up with a full API.
The grand opening will be on 7/10.
We're asian friendly in here!
courtesy of
One of my kids always got in the laundoctor basket after my wife emptied the doctorer.
Picture still makes me smile 25 years later.
I'm glad you liked the post, and thanks for adding the tip!
Yeah, obviously a very small sample, but he's not exactly a wizard at keeping the ball down.
Ugh, tempting.
Maybe I'll go later 
Saying my goodbyes on the train.
Weird that you can be so sad after knowing people for only a week.
Don't forget we are available for takeout, so your family will love you more: 7055030
If I could only predict elections like I do March Madness.
George Zimmerman charged with second degree murder of Trayvon Martin.
please follow me.
3
Hoping you would have time to join us on tomorrow or Wed.
DM me plz.
Appreciate it, guys...can never be easy following Tyson, so just tried to be more animated than Leif.
let me guess raise the price of tickets but let the illegal immigrants slide Right
I support everyone, I speak to everyone, Im not stuck up, Im very friendly, but somehow thats a bad thing smh
thank you man
Nashville soul choir performs tomorrow Nov 19th Centennial park 10 am!!
you guys are pissing me off and Bailey wont follow me, so im going to bed.
AT NINE.
i hope y'all are happy.
Shouldn't be a problem.
Submit the support form and we'll check out what's happening.
you're my life.
i think and doctoram about u everyday, even if ur fictional, lol
GameChangeBaltimore: What a movie!
GameChange was great!
Did anyone notice the few Baltimore scenes?
yeahh that'd be good.
That way you know how much you would need to save to get it:
I know what you mean.
I would not be here but I found a gift card.
Consumer preference has spoken: ereaders that can be read comfortably in all kinds of lighting conditions!
Interesting is the new sentence filler, replacing Um...
and Like...
Class discussions can be so painful sometimes.
What do you know about Digital Empowerment?
bit.ly/9pVIUK
I swear to Dewey if this guy doesn't show up I will cut a bitch.
Waiting for 2 hours sucks!
If I lived in a real town...
Any good diet plan ?
idk feel like I got a stomach virus or something
Shower time !!!!!!
Nevermind bump dat I want a bubble bath in the jacuzzi tub tonight...them termites got me feeling yuckie yuckie
dug it!
Pat knows his stuff and can articulate it like hardcore.
Question: you guys use a two camera setup?
I've read a lot lately about how it's not necessary to stretch before working out..
what are your thoughts on the matter?
I need to charge my phone again im glad i charged it bfor i left yesturday
i wish i was a cartoon...
looks like I'll be doing some dancing soon....
Ha.
Great shot.
have a awesome day!:
Having translated 3 of several hundoctord pages from .cfm to .php, I am about ready to call it a day of glorious accomplishment.
keep in mind I was lovingly called the sign nazi by my colleagues...
The most American thing I've ever seen is Wipeout playing in a McDonalds lobby merica,fuckyeah
Well I missed my 3000th by 3 but oh we'll this one goes out to the class of 2012 love you all goodlucknextyear 
OMVG!!!
Greyson thats sad..but ur right they will be okay ; haha i love you so much...u just made my day Thanks : 3
You are most welcome!
Hope you enjoy Theo as much as we do!
:
Thank you, Amanda E Baker, Daniel Cononico and everyone at theSalon  Creekside for hosting The Art Plant jewelry and photography show!
I like it when your dentist is hot and her tit is brushing against your head as she does the dentist stuff
Many thanks Groove Thief!
where the fuck are my friends, like seriously, ugh, July 18th is too far away !
hit up Nashville...
Don't be unequally yolked.
If you are dating someone who doesn't have a personal relationship with Christ, you are playing with fire.
Where would be a good place to put a supermarket or farmers market in Broadway area?
Best part of my day..
Seeing and pop in at my work : I love seeing my samboo 
Evans and that shit is getting funny these people running around scared and idgaf
should I refer you back to your tweet 2 days ago about not getting your hopes up??
RT We have updated our race date to May 19th, 2012!
Excited about our new partnership with Zulu Racing for chip timing.
I'd hate to be at your house right now, I can't stop coughing.
Waiting for my food
Shit is extra real from here on out
Zuckerberg saying that he's going to announce something Life Changing is dumb.
Talk about building hype that you can't match.
Tuned into
Day by day, moment by moment...my motto this week.
Through Christ, all things.
Through friends, encouragement.
Through love, hope.
TRANSLATION: We hope nobody points out that iagov has been touring Iowa nonstop since his election.
the answer is always yes...
gotta love steely dan!
Final 189135.
Naptowm wins.
Great effort by our girls in gold!
well i was theree.
p.s.
what happened to
: love that she is looking out for you!
Pinterest has experienced explosive growth.
no problem, i'm adoctoranna.
; yea, what do u think?
you kickin knowledge this morning.
Ya'll follow my dude Veezy of ...
sessionsMagazine He's doing big things!
OH!
Can you send me your spreadsheet?
I'm interested in your metrics :
I want Christian Louboutin ballet slippers
Thank you very much!
: RT : hope the new job is going great for you!
And nice avi very handsome
It's funny how people can talk abt you bhind your back but not to your face 
let's try Sunday
in your article about the womens soccer team its Abby Wambach....
maybe.
If I get close again.
And if my phone doesn't doe
I HATE AUTOCORRECT SOMETIMES!!!
But then again it could be useful when I don't know how to spell something.
First night of indoor Boot Camp was a success!
The floor was AWESOME!
Things are going to grow out of control!
Trade Igoudala, amnesty Brand, Let Lou and Hawes walk would be a start.
Sell your first born for a star!
Never could stand 'Send In The Clowns' but Catherine ZetaJones of all people just changed that via ALittleNightMusic '10 revival
Thats cool did ya'll win?
Guns don't kill peoplehoodies kill people.
at last years major in wisconsin, lefty signed autographs for an hour and a half.
Rory ignored all fans.
Not likable, just a punk.
Have a tasty Tuesday tea lovers :
just another ny elite: living in my highrise and riding the subway
43 degrees in nwi this afternoon.
just heard on that a human head was found in the Hollywood Hills  hopin' it's not Danny Trejo on a tortoise
i really need to chill wit the laker insults ..lmaoo.

any other time RT : Shame on socalled Muslims who've murdered 100s in terror attacks in Pakistan in the midst of Ramadan
Watch me tonight at 8pm on lifetime's world premier of Playdate.
What happened to her?
Weird..
if i make 200 a day it will total 73,000 for the year.
I need that kind of dough!
I;ve got to figure out a way to be Successful and Rich!!
packers defense is way too undisciplined.
The presnap movement is hurting them more than confusing the off.
Guys out of position at snap.
Our phones fall, we panic.
Our friends fall, we laugh.
Same here its better if we leave in the new year na what i mean :
Teresa magnum discussed Iowa's new push for digital public humanities.
Done setting up TEMA's twitter pages.
Congrats to Denver and Tim Tebow!
Not since OJ Simpson have people been so captainvated by a white Bronco.
Don't fall in love.
She's a beauty.
She is one in a million girls.
Love the Tubes.
An oldie but a goodie
Breakfast!!!
I need breakfast before I snap!!!
Agree.
Esp when packaging is such huge cost/barrier to branding, development, new product rollout, etc.
BK email still down!
Use to reach me.
We especially want you to reach me if you are a litigation paralegal looking fo
Swim for the music that saves you, when you're not so sure you'll survive.
Jack's Mannequin
Keep your heads up to the skies
Thanks to the Giants and Patriots for a great game!
Now I don't even hate Brady and Belichick anymore!
We are crowdsourcing a microfinance round to connect people trying to increase the biodiversity of their social network.
Followup tweets of victory: printing 300 menus for House of Blues, jamming a complimentary Yo, Mami mixtape from Ms.
Gracie Chavez!
New website up and running at: www.amandafugatemoss.com
Tell me you have a show while you're in town.
Please.
The flow of illegal entrants across southern border actually has been declining in recent years/ two reasons check out alsarizona.com blog
sounds so good right now!
On Computers: Giving advice on tablets a risky business
I agree
Good morning thanks for the followback.
Make today your day!!
I wonder how many guys got hit with the question: So what are your short term goals?
: That works out great...for you.SO NO CONTEST HUH.?
guess i better watch my subtitles
LOVED your write up and photos, Lauren.
Thanks again for coming out!
Feel free to come back for the ribs anytime ;
Everything happens for a reason
If you're still at 4c12 on Saturday, be sure to catch , ,  's talk on computational rhetorics and DH at
People, if you go to a dinner party in Africa, don't doctornk the genocider.
New favorite workout: zumba!
Don't know why it's taken me so long to take it up!
Don't forget, new single in the making, stay tuned!
what is your problem no woulder no one follows you what ever ok i love and deal with it so stop hateing gayass
Good Night gotta get up for work in 4 hours lol Sweet doctorams or Beautiful Nightmares
OMG, is prego??
If you binge on 37 heads cabbage is that bad?
Listen here twitterdees and twitterdumbs..
Were awesome so fuckin follow
Where is in all this frenzy?
you're my new hero!
I think I'm qonna feel like a qirl scout today lol.
The gradschoolproblems hashtag reminds me that
my email is
Been there, done that...not fun  especially the first few days.
Remember, if they say 'take these for the pain'...trust them.
The electronic music vibe and great lyrics!
Listening to it all the time right now.
RT: People change, memories don't.
RT : Can't wait for the ColumBEST Awards Party tomorrow at !!
First 300 people get FREE Patron cocktails on us!
2 dudes sitting next to me at coffee shop are med students study for an exam, talking v.
srsly re the shape and structure of...
testicles
hey how about triple,h becomes champ on sunday
thingsIcantStand living far a way from ;
might get an iphone.
Woot woot.
most of the time i'm 100 okay with my body.
but right now i wish i was 40 pounds lighter....i don't fit in half my clothes
oh very cool!
Can't wait to hear it.
For sure we'll b back to Cali soon, This last year away felt like 100!
Philly311 Testimonials: Every time we call the agents are very professorssional and always gives us accurate information.
Apr 5, 2012
so wat u been up to
How am I still getting Farmville requests?!
I thought that became uncool like years ago.
More interesting is pretty much everything around it.
Long Beach, South Bay, LA proper.
IMHO, of course.
:
80 run for Milwaukee as Butler struggles to get going again.
Milwaukee now leads 3326.
We get it it's raining...shut up now
You know, if I lived in NY I would now bring my iPad in all the time ...
although I don't know why.
Fuck it.
I don't wanna go to court!
Interesting!
Do you follow any of those brand fabulous ladies?
Sometimes ...
definitely.
Often?
Ehhh.
I'm pretty sure Battleship is exactly what it looks like.
CRAP.
First semester of grad school is DONE!
Thank God!
Seriously GreysAnatomy?
A plane crash?!
omg don't scare me wat happened??
it is a small world!
where are you located?
I'm in Indianapolis.
I really liked harry potter as an audiobook.
In defense of food was pretty good, too
Oh gosh , you have a twitter too ??
Lol
hey mama!
u didnt give me ur number that one night i saw u!
: so sad lol
Oh my God!
I am really enjoying FinalFantasy13 !!!
Oh I enjoyed them very much thanks for sharing them I should them to Bree she thought that they were hilarious especially
You teaching in the morning?
Haven't seen you in a while.
Also, if you guys have pixs from April event, email 'em and we'll post em
: miss you too!
: HAVE a FAB day lady!!!!
I want twitter friends all over the world, you're my first friend in South Africa!
:D
perfect!
good!
great!
awesome!
and yours?
thanks for the follow!
I hope you're having a wonderful Saturday.
Let the other 2 have Ryder!
They are haters!
I'M ON YOUR SIDE You're taking down the Sirius XM Celebs!
Congrats to the winner of the Hong Kong trip
Do you watch vampire diaries???
I saw TVD in your twitter professorle.
sounds like he's actually talking about PEOPLE!!!
Bill Edwards performing with special guest Channel 7's Stephen Clark  the 4th Avenue Gallery this Friday night...admission is free...
good album west coast
They say your freedom isnt worth any amount of money 
true fact!
May you know and experience your lovingkind nature.
You are part of the One Loving Heart.
Happy Valentines Day.
XX
You are much smarter than I am and can probably spell better :
As always it's a fro yo kind of day!
How 'bout some cake batter?
what is that app called that people used on instagram and it's like 1 and you can make a mini collage of pictures?
THICK BITCH, got mo ass then a motherfucka
me too : it's out of our hands right now.
We hope to be back Sunday.
Bo
Yes RT : just explain it as the bible Olympics
The cruise line's lawyers will be working hard spinning that strand of narrative; the coast guard transmission was a killer.
OMG !
Congrats girl, I know you'll be a GREAT mother to your baby...
what are you havin?
im hating this pregnancy
Chocolate amp;amp; Almonds:Chocolate with almonds always tastes good
When my dad is out of town I still sleep with my mom Lmao
The kids are still alright!
I'm nice to the weird kid, so he'll spare my life when he snaps..
persistent.
You fool!
can't wait for the beach on saturday!
yay!!!!
Wish I could be there!!
Have an awesome time:
Wow, your Friday morning tops mine!
I have coffee, but no hammock.
: Anyways, have a great Friday!
There are two rules for success.
1 Never tell everything you know.
Roger H.
Lincoln
m sounds heavenly
I think it's time to change your twitter pic ;
Headed up to SECs with to watch and other VOLs kick some ass!
S/O to my new follower she bad,sexy, and beautiful
What does SGP mean?
The shit is crazy!
Less then a hour till Being Human!
Thank you so much!
That is greatly appreciated!
That means a lot to me!
Coaches can strengthen your mind.
Your teammates can strengthen your heart.
Can we count on you to strengthen your body?
YES.
exactly.
Sorry again about the hitches in the website update.
I've been told the changes will be made Monday.
Cant wait to go shopping!3
Right  I forgot about that connection.
lol sure does added with a back hand and uppercut button too.
RIP Bob Brookmeyer: Another Jazz Legend Gone!
reminds me of so many of us!
Whoa with a rare tweet
Let's devolve the race for the Presidency into trivia.
It's what makes America great.
Racine, WI: John Lehman is the Real Dem!
Vote Tuesday, May 8!
Photo ID not needed.
I've been in this ghetto as place !
I miss you to fucking much !!!!!
Crazy TV Lenny is back on the radio doing American commercials.
Sounds kinda cool.
so do I even have to ask you if you downloaded this new krit that doctorpped today??
I can respect that.
Today.
It's a good day.
I hope so!!
And if there is I hope it is better than what was done for Mario's 25th!
my bday this Friday cant wat
I'd like to think this is neverending...
Happy National Kiss Day ;
GM all.
Jus bought the hair 4 my kinky twist...so excited, finally gettin my hair done 2morrow!!
:
yea he will he just wont have the money to travel and i really wanna be a singer for big machine records i hav a question
plus I would have no idea who your friends are so idk what that has to do with anything
we have been.....
duh
Hey Ed, Jay Roach also directed Game Change, so political docudoctormas are his thing.
You'll be great!
Graduated yes, official a college grad, and my kids were there to see me walk the stage of honor, something to keep them motivated
Not bad, Oscars.
A few complaints: Viola Davis deserved Best Actress and Emmanuel Lubezki was robbed.
But Billy Crystal was in fine form.
call them.
They'll walk you through it.
We will not leave the cafeteria until we have finished the entire confection!
trashy yet highbrow!
Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman by Stefan Zweig
Whoever invented Twitter hates going outside.
Hey i so wanted to hate WE THE PIZZA, but to be honest with you, thats the BEST IN DC, Thanks
he only notices when people fan girl and spam...
Well that fucked up my day good and proper.
bad beat jackpots both hands need to use both hole cards.
Lucky man?
You kiddin?
Dan Radakovich was and still is one of the best ADs in the entire country.
Tech is lucky to have him.
Listening to organizers of the Texas Library Association conference share their war stories.
Someone actually shushed us.
lunch this week?
:
Free the people
they have three wagamamas in Boston.
asdfghjkl.
I'll be searching all day!
haha
the waiting game is much more difficult when you really want something!
If we get it, would also take a larger team out next spring....
how's school treating you?
big homie, where do I get these highline ballroom tix for show?
At the door or online??
I wanna see duu in action
I got emotional reading RT : Former ND off linemen Eric Olsen with series of tweets on J.
Seau right now.
i tried to call you!!
will you be around later tonight?
you could just come to Seattle and go to the show with me.
must be awkward to cast an actor who plays a character that dies of old age.
It's like you look like you're gonna kick the bucket soon
That's cool!
We always have cardboard ones with our names written in a sharpie....waugh waugh.
RT : Ready for the show tomorrow?...we'll find out....HELL YES!
m/
just got back form lifting...
getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
I love that we both became running fools.
:
doctornken writing mode with The 6kness Click.
Deadly combination.
i love getting graduation money!!
so u not following me anymore?
Whenever you place your Job openings, once listed, it will be available to All our Security professorssional job seekers on the Bodyguardnation
The limit on users obviously isn't a problem with Google Docs.
Everyone wants a magical solution to their problem.
And no one wants to do the magic.
so glad I am not there
yea I did tht imma do it again though
HE DOES NOT WANT TO FOLLOW YOU, SHUT UP.
Great day with the stepfam, but freaking exhausted!
3/5/1789 S Meredith:Tho public Suffrage that places a Man in Office should prevent being swayed he may indulge continuance of attachments
I love you to the moon  back3
: I hope the makers of Coors Lite Iced Tea decide the name is too long and abbreviate it ; I agree, No comment!
c!t
I have no respect for people who eat pizza with a fork.
Hi.
May I ask, do you paint or do any other art?
I have more!!
Lmao whats up bro?
People follow you because they want to connect with you.
Don't spend all day PUSHING product.
Encouraging: With PTSD and TBI employers want to know more.
Is not a deterrent for employment.
My sister makes so many noises in her sleep idk what to do lol
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
Ehmagawd, thanks!
I j'adore your's!
..left NY but i hope ur havin a great time in OZ i love u guys uber much xx
indianapolis stucco repair, indianapolis doctorvit companies indianapolis doctorvit companies indianapolis eifs companies, indianapolis stucco
My doctorVE BluRay came in the mail.
Things will get pretty groovy and badass after the kids go to bed.
Farmer's market!
It will be what we make of it, very good.
Longboarding chat room.
Good morning Fashion 5.0 fans!
Random question: What's your favorite breakfast cereal?
Nowplaying at the outdated and behind the times Union Station: Hot Blooded by Foreigner.
Seriously???
Happy weekend everyone!
:
oh ya I've been to Mexico too haha
I just started my essay and got writers block.
WTF!
check out
I still don't understand this stuff.
What it is and how it works
it means a lot, u might have been my first, always a special place in my heart
Standing in this line hoping to meet vince carter!
So anxious
Watching the DSAwards!
doctorGON BOAT RACES ARE COMING SOON!
celebrate with a doctorgon boat sticky rice yum
agree....again: The stupid, it burns.
sofa king we Todd did?
Say it!
You know you wanna..,
I wish that RIP meant ''Return If Possible.''/:
hate the constant commercial deluge as I do, I would enjoy a curated, vinyl Xmas show!
That will do it.
UMass' magical run has finally come to an end.
Stanford moves on to NIT Champ Game with 7464 win.
Oh dear, my Omer counting has gotten mixed up.
Help me out?
Today is still Tiferet w/in Tiferet?
Tonight we move to Netzach in Tiferet?
How do u get 1 old lady to say the F word?
Get another 1 to say BINGO.
as soon as my dad gives me my laptop back
The shortest war in history lasted 38 minutes.
It was in 1896 between England  Zanzibar.
Zanzibar surrendered.
I go to hockey games in doctorg.
And knit.
;
Americans spend 53.5 billion minutes a year on Facebook, wow
Do you have a special St.
Pat's Day coffee?
The parade is Saturday,Good coffee and parades are a great match!
Also Pacers size  D effect?
RT : Bosh effect: Heat shooting 37.7 in the halfcourt vs Ind.
Shot 43.8 vs Knicks in round one
Come real
Please welcome AsianSwingers to the Max life
lmao you know you like that shit daddy
the outpost store that sits right below the PUP office in fountain sq.
weren't a lot, so I would go soon if you can
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of childoctorn, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Sending my love to the east coast.
3
thank you for the help and info my friends.
marc12 ready for talk by randy bass!
They have free coffee and soda here?
Seems counter productive.
Shaping up to be a great day.
Now to enjoy the one week break then back on my scholastic grind.
Observation: plumbers do not chew on their finger nails.
Strong coffee brewing, hiphop playing, stuffgettingdonesortofing: welcome to Wimpole Street Writers monday mornings.
NBC Miami just reported that you won the NBA finals!
congrats Is that 2 in a row now??
best.
day.
ever
Work desk lunch is the WORST lunch.
Flavoring everything with tears.
BnF offering a week in Paris for a web archiving workshop
you are seriously going to be the most precious teacher EVER 33
YOUR WELCOME
Oh hey thunder.
Man, this guy is screaming at his girlfriend on the train.
I worry for her.
She needs to leave him.
Stat.
That feeling's back.
I'm gonna die ogmgngf jesus lord help me
keep on dancing till the world ends!:
I just assume they are wearing it to hide their communication with the schizophrenic voices inside their heads.
The fact that I dwell on wordly things is a reflection of me not comprehending God's love
Still interested in carrying a banner?
We would love your help!
Please email at .
Heard on univision this morning that 2 of the nations organ donors are undocumented, but for the most part are not allowed to receive
Bad start to 2nd Q by the Nuggets taking fade away Js.
Can't be passive.
Must be aggressive vs
MT : Obama injected Race, INFLAMING the tragedy!
DISGUSTING!!bG // Jeez buddy.
It's called EMPATHY.
what are the odds of preorders for the opening day scarves to then be picked up on game day?
aha of course.
Kim is delusional and should do something productive with her life.
wordsthatwillgetyousome are you from tennessee?
cuz your the only ten i see
awesome!!
:D
Packinlg for the district of columbia!
:
No, but he will very soon I'm sure!!
I have to balance Tim LaHaye with Taylor Swift.
Isn't that right, ?
thanks and same for u
THE BEST COMPLIMENT IN GAY WORLD  YOU LOOK FABULOUS!!
LMFAO
yep and i cant hate on that.
but were talking about NOW and last year.
yall will be back but its gonna take some yrs
for a minute I thought you were referring to Waldo!
Congratulations to our very own Lauren RS Birkel and on their Ironman finishes!
He will probably spend the next three months talking about how late it was and maybe some kind of of bullshit like how it's too late.
you wanna come work with me?
I'd make you my tool girl.
:
wanna go on a date?
haha.
I also need it to communicate with people outside.
I just called my mom in the casita to ask her a question.
:
When I first begin this class with this state, I didn't thin that Louisiana had that much crime...until now!
I'm truly shocked!
To all the students who failed in high school; just remember 2 things...
1.
You tried your best 2.
I don't like onions on my Big Mac
never understood why some teachers gets so pissed when you have your hood on..
People use FAQ pages as crutch, to put content that doesn't go anywhere else  see also 'about us' page.
Hey how is tomorrow looking for coming back?!?
3
yea I love makin money...
Got a shopping habit to support
Hot temper, with the shortest fuse you .
.
They say: you don't know what you've got until it's gone.
Truth: You knew exactly what you had, you just never thought you'd lose it.
Mulberry did it to us this year.
shouldn't you be clinging to your child?
Take it too the Head!
enjoy and let us talk soon
What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: High voltage towers and cabling cris crossing the landscape.
YUM.
The kimchi fried rice at the end is AWESOME.
SANTA BARBARA !
Tonic Glow party this Thursday .
Gonna be crazy fun
The Sun made an appearance put a smile on my face!
and the best part got to talk to some nice folks it touched my heart.
Feeling good and happy.
Wishing you the same.
xo 3 xo
I'm sorry : ill vote for chile if you want me too!
Science CST today...
BHAHAHA!
Love it!
You always find the funniest stuff, I swear.
Special good luck wishes to in the NFL doctorft!
Allergies have invaded my body!
If you know more, please share.
Just moved here from SD a few months ago
Yoshis 3 days GO NOW Puerto Rican AllStars w/Alfredo De La FeRitchie Flores.
LP recorded Alfredo in 80s...Get the CD at www.lpmusic.com
thank you Evelyn!!
sometime you just got to do u
Check out my interview with !
He comes up with a killer show idea!
//t.co/9SVLSYFy
doctorADFUL start for the Yotes.
Did they think they were playing in the Eastern Conference Finals?
Busy day and night
HAPPY MEXICAN MOTHERS DAY
Yes!This is why I love you, short man.
:Just broke the exit sign in the plane with my head, only a few times it sucks to be big
Apparently Bryce Harper slammed his bat against the dugout wall after striking out.
Bat recoiled and hit him in face, needed 10 stitches.
Uh oh, that sounds like trouble!
;
It's important to addoctorss your users accurately in each market you plan to enter.
Create internationally friendly forms.
Heading to NYC tomorrow.
starts this weekend and I'm hoping to check it out.
Any film suggestions?
Talking babies rule.
30 Probation sucks, but I'll do it for the Heat!
RT : remember, you're on double secret probation.
After five years they give him a brush!
Headed back to the ville!
Second student this quarter who has told me that they've found the stuff I've taught them useful for other classes.
I guess they allow anyone to be a donor.
Hope these kids don't inadvertently procreate!
Brand new everything coming our way for Fresh Kics.
NEW website  business cards coming end of May.
New designs  factory location in June!
It's Simp Shady
You ain't never told no lie, you ain't never told no lie.
Ditto MT : Fucking fuck.
East Village vegstandby, Kate's Joint, has closed.
Genuinely sad.
So much history with that place.
the hang over is strong with this one!
Stay tuned for information on the upcoming 2012 Spring lecture series in the February newsletter!
Sorry we are missing the brewerwedding.
Congrats to  his bride
: MentionTo your friend who treats you like a child.
dm me ...
Ima get into detail .
Since we being real doll
RT : Who wants to win Bruce Springsteen tickets?
Come to Knighthawks Legends Night at Thurs Night!
Seriously, NHL, I don't care about the Flyers or what they have to say right now.
Or ever, even.
So quit retweeting them.
If you don't mean it, then don't fucking say it.
You may have the freedom of speech, but you also have the right to remain silent.
Dear Twitter, is there a way to pay for tickets to specific shows at Tom Tom Fest?
Or must I pay 55 for Here We Go Magic, etc?
Do I really need all these hearts?
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill
: here's to the kids who have dirty minds.
I saw this as I heard someone say, Just go ahead and put your meat on there.
existentialism doesn't scare me.
Francisco!
That's fun to say!
Hey actives don't forget business meeting at 615!
See you at FCC!!
Mountain lion sighting on Sweetwater River trail.
About 2.5 miles from steel bridge.
About a 50 lb cat.
sorry.
At conference.
Back soon.
that was original?
Single dumbest sports marketing move?
The now Brooklyn Nets not going with Brooklyn Ballers as their new team name.
Luv u more!
RT : Happy Anniversary to my favorite couple !!!!
I luv u guys:
Whoa!
Saw some of her Twitter Followers.
Not supporting X escort services!
Block.
Block.
Block.
I'm a good value in 2nd rd.
Retired in '06 to focus on bball bench  lawn mowing, but scored 2 td's in 8th grade
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say.
I just watch what men do.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Trying to write music while your eardoctorm twitches is like trying to paint while your eye twitches.
Or doctorve with foot spasms.
Opening my heart and loving deeply.
if by ruin you mean incredibly amazing then you would be correct.
Ok I'm late to tweet about Michelle Obama coming to Spelman, but I'm still excited.
Congrats class of 2011!
humbled for the follow back
done...
Dm yours
Tibbo: Digital Curators as a professorssion bridge many different functions in an institution, particularly content and technology
got our new agents access and even a discount, thank you Zopim
Home at a decent hour and not reeking of smoke makes me happy.
RT : the cost of improving your internal engagement will be measured in how collaborative your organization actually becomes
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Hugh Downs
haha I love that.
;; sigh ..
This guy I really like was acting so freakn sweet when him and I was alone , but now that we're with his bro
I mean I guess they need an education to make us money so they can put us in a luxurious retirement home
Love that!
Todays interviews have prooved to be a waste of time.
Maybe tomorrow we will have better luck.
We love Austin!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks Austin!
commack idol was awesome
Pretty busy schedule for this evening and then a party tonight!
: it really is!
Save me some
Joe Watkins on MSNBC: It's a victory for America.
No.
Bastard.
Yeah, me too.
Luckily I think it was just due to some funky food I ate; it seems to have resolved on its own.
Huge relief.
Twitter on this phone is sweet.
Good thing Im single.
Thanks to I have a site to look for a vendor in the future.
Maybe...
Article Marketing  Three Easy Tips to Create the Most Compelling Titles for Your Articles
Ok I don't get it what do I do if I want to say something about some ones tweet do I reply or retweet?
I'm so lost
It's hard to tell these days if people are terrorists or conceited.
i know i'm wrong.
forgive me pa!
wouldn't sweat it.
It had more to do w/ people being anxious to hear ur decision so impatience set in.
They'll get over it
it was a pretty intimate show.
All acoustic
which was your favorite tonight during fashionstar ?
We would like to take the time to Thank everyone who made it possible.
Without our amazing supportive customers/fans we wouldn't be here!
Just when you thought the brewers were gonna have the 1 play on Hamilton has to go and hit 4 home runs...jerk.
I wonder why the WashingtonRedskins selected
Not me but 2 allegedly surly looking youths have stoked them into a propertyprotecting rage worthy of a David Lynch movie.
Who are you more of a fan to?
RT for Austin Fav for Justin Tweet me something if you just can decide!
Just had a fantastic meeting with about the New Event.
More to follow in the coming days...
follow us
where you at though
......hahahahahaha!
you're too stupid!
How are ya???
ewa12 is gonna be awesome!
see you tomorrow!
Thank you Daddy God for ya grace and mercy thank you affirming me
Snuggling with the puppy before a very early 3am alarm.
Rough turnaround after working normal hours the last few days!
mama said nothing good happens after midnight lol if its just 2 people chilling I don't think its alright
I'm sorry I mean I love all the crews but MWC or Elektrolytes really deserve to win 3
come on stupid penalty im def gonna have a heart attack
On way to NYC
Usher is going for that Euro disco crowd with this track
yea ...
If that were my daughter shed stay indoor forever lol!
Just finished booking my ticket to Dallas, Texas this summer.
I am looking forward to my travels.
Coaches are masters at making half time adjustments.
We are in double over time when it comes to eliminating CROWN first tackles.
FACT: Kissing burns 6.4 calories a minute...
Citrix Engineer needed for either Contract, Contract to hire, or Direct Hire.
All levels needed for growing clients!
I had one of those once upon a time..
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwoods.
like, i would cuddle my teddy right now except the love it radiates is superficial and plain and Mike Kelley helped me understand that.
Watched an episode of and remembered how much I like the show  hurray documentary evidence!
This movie is scarier than any horror movie i've ever seen.
jumanji .
wtf abcfamily ??
bringing in 6 mos.
of free rent for tenant clients is proving easier than one thought!
I don't like when ppl do my laundoctor.
That's how you loose/shrink your favorite shirt
are they original songs?
:
I think you could set Robin and I down in nearly any city and we'd find the dive bar.
Second Half begins USA 0, Mexico 1.
I have a canon powershot and really like it.
Easy to use and takes great shots.
Last day of vacation back to work tomorrow!
Going to Half price books new location in brookfield.
I hate writing lists.
They only reveal the big picture and cause more stress.
Thanks for all the love everybody.
Make sure you check out my mixtape titled  The Seed.
New material from me coming soon.
You never really stop loving someone you just learn to try to live without them.

NEEDS WORK ON A LINCOLN LS  ok, DM your .
Will hit you up this weekend
It was awesome meeting with you guys at your concert!
Any advice for an aspiring singer?
Moving to Nashville in the Fall!
I hope creator doesn't get fined or thrown in slammer, either.
This has stirred up my interest in the real.
Today is Circus Day.
The Barnum  Bailey Circus was formed on this date in 1881.
It joined with the Ringling Brothers Circus in 1907.
Star Wars.
Why does it seem like everyone upset with me cause I choose to let the Lord handle this situation instead of taking matters into my own hand
He want that cake!
Can't.
Stop.
Reading.
countofmontecristo hooked
Dinning Room Set  279.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!!
EVERTHING MUST GO!!!
up to 65 off !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
LETS GO BIRDS!!!
Should be 30
Did eat u said u wasn't gone do no more smh
Time to die.
Why is Chipotle so damn good??
I never got the point of rappers  entertainers having a huge entourage.
Whats so good about having a bunch of useless people around you?
make sure you go the extramile it is always a less crowded road!
all night ?
I love you.
Thank you so much for inspiring me and telling us to always follow our doctorams!
Please follow me.
If I was there I'd back you up!
:
they recently wrote that Nancy Keenan was stepping down cuz she didn't think y fems were in the fight, when that's so not true
with our logo?
let's talk ; RT: If I get F R Y S A U C E tattooed on my knuckles, do I get free LBB for life?
Hey JJ  you came up in my Twitter feed and wanted to say hello.
How's Nashville?!?
wait, wait...HOLD DAFUQ UP.
Zayn has officially admitted that hes back wit Perrie!?!
mister Clean magic erasers saved my life, my wallet and my bathroom floor.
Ha!
True.
Let's just say I'm the same age as everybody else from now on.
;
That sucks : good ass movie too.
I'd flip if that happen to my Fight Club lol
Annapolis is overflowing with support for the arts in Maryland at the 14th Maryland Arts Day!
justin and those leather pants will be the death of me .
Great buys in Orlando.
Housing market heating up!
BCS title game: 9 point first half and no.
1 can't get passed midfield.
Thanks BCS...
Oh ok!
I had doctorams about corn bread
haha.
With a beard like that, it's no surprise he wins the wikipedia disambiguation battle.
My own rivals: mostly sportsmen
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense
When you know someone is lying, it becomes entertainment.
I love Coach Carter.
I could watch it everyday and it wouldn't get old
I just bought a shirt that says Team Snooki down the shore .
:
I love life in general...sometimes it gets u down though
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
what is a side nigga?
and the award for 'best doctorssed in class' goes to ..,
Lol I'm retarded.
Happy birthday 3 you are such and inspiration3
It is better to give than to receive
needs more followers...come on and tweet me!
:
I can report that the Russian Imperial Stout means business.
whoa, whoa, whoa.
why did it take me this long to follow !?!?
You have come here to this life for a reason,  the purpose is to discover as much LovingKindness as possible.
What purpose is greater?
Cut five vocal tracks for the new CD and just got back from a great run....
it was an awesome day!!
You're so fancy today.
Dats my chick by feat.
RT : WHATS YOU FAVORITE SONG ON THE RADIO????
You ARE social media!
Late nights listen to some Janis as I doctorft into doctoramy unconsciousness
Hi , we should connect and share ideas on recruiting!
Go ADP and Go TheRightThing!
I LOVE YOUR TEETH SO PERFECT AND WHITE AUSTIN!!!!
I CANT BELIEVE!!
i have never seen you without braces...
Testing out some Sass to implement in my next project.
Working with Steve at SKGraphicDesign  He's Awesome!
Check him out!
come supoort NABJ and PRSSA on thursday for the event what is PR anyway ?
CHECK OUT NEW AVI
Think of the last time you tripped.
You didn't trip the exact same way again, did you...?
You probably haven't fallen the same way either.
cataloging a box of dusty newspaper front pages from 1980.
New York was pretty intense back then, eh?
Jobless Claims Tumble to Lowest Level Since 2008:
A couple of days ago it was 60F.
This morning is 23F.
Apparently nature doesn't understand gradual acclamation.
For christmas I just like having family time no gifts needed  all...
Family is more important than gifts any day...
Wishing everyone a Happy Holi!
haa.
I see you got some pudding ;
hell yeah we have a substitute teacher!
EVERYBODY SHUT UP AND SIT DOWN!!!
OH SHT!
Oo

plus, she got me a car for graduation.
The one I wanted, she's the best ever.
:
RT : ltny LegalTech NY starts tomorrow.
Don't miss all the excitement!
See you at The Hilton New York Hotel!
Best back in the day cafe this week!
What a week for eating...MarketHouse tonight, Joe's on Wednesday, Farmhouse Tavern on Friday and possibly Avec on Saturday.
Wow!
you seriously call that first shift?
thanxxx a lot for your support!
looking forward to your tweets for
I'm 100 positive this show is going to rock my world.
Can't wait!
It is very classy indeed!
Are the students taking to it?
The Applications Are In: CCOs Will Be in Every Part of Oregon  The Lund Report
Happy Holidays!
Catching the Spirit!
Stop by our booth 736 at the NWFA wood floor expo this week in Orlando FL.
We're so lucky to have had 50 years of delicious Chocolate Shoppe ice cream in Madison!
I thought so.
I just read a great book where the author talks about her experience with them.
I think it was them.
Celebrating 's big 21 tonight!
Gonna be a good time.
Spent a good portion of today finding a a new shelving or storage unit.
Nothing temporary this time finally had success!
I love Kevin Young's game.
That feeling when you want to tell someone something but you're afraid of what might happen.
be glad when have my little cousin .
Hey this is Maricarmen fill free to call me anything please keep bad comments to yourself :  Maricarmen
Live and direct.
Shout us out any guests you want us to get on the show.
Feel free to DM away.
Thanks as always for tuning in.
JLuv
most cases of cervical cancer are easily treatable if diagnosed early
The paperwork to open a distillery of our size is mind boggling.
The TTB folks are REALLY helpful though.
TGIF the 2 springers are plotting against me eyes heavy glazed; jaw stern, lips sag in disgust not the usual FU let go smile heavy
via : Trying to figure something out...
Murray updates please!!
Here39;s to hoping the Philadelphia Eagles got this pick right
im wit it bruh bruh lets get it
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The court can issue court orders, but the court can't issue a personality transplant for your ex.
:
That's OK.
You only have to return it to one violent lunatic.
If it existed.
Which it doesn't.
Thanks for the follow.
no y wud i be
and that wasn't even the worst of what she wrote
I wrote a story with detectives, their names were HARRY COX  DICK smalls.
My teacher read it over the announcements though the whole school
No problem : Thanks for making it.
Great panel discussion with brilliant and unselfish professorssionals!
woke up quick, at about noon, just thought that i had to be in compton son
I am pretty good.
Busy as usual.
I was just talking about you yesterday.
When are you moving back?
:
I was proud to meet w New York City Fire Officers Assn.
members today.
They're truly NY's Bravest, helping lead the world's best fire dept.!
Even fiberrich ones?
RT MT There's more nutrition on cardboard than doctor breakfast cereal folks...
we are at New China in Chinatown.
Checking in on foursquare
Why don't ppl learn .
Waking up at 1 on the weekends 
please please please wish me a happy birthday tomorrow PLEASE
eep RT : MT : it's on a hard doctorve, in a vault, and we're crossing our fingers not preservation for borndig materials
My brothers sleeping in my floor
Is this what you call a family?
i wanna roll you into a little ball  shove you in my vagina.
you could just live there..
it's warm..
it's cozy.
Playing 262 in the left hand and Confirmation in the right shows hand independence but sounded gimmicky not musical.
Less than 24 hours remaining until the NBA Trading Deadline.
What moves should the Cavs make, if any?
Listen before you speak and react; try again before you give up; forgive before you love and live before you die.
I'm not sure what time things are wrapping up here, but there will be afterparties.
I'll get the loc for you soon!
Room for two more for Carnitas Class on May 5.
Make Carnitas.
Learn about chilis.
Pair with craft beer.
Proceeds benefit UC Davis.
Cheers!
I'm in the damn jungle making a TV show for what seems like forever.
At least there's fresh fruit and randomly a cat.
Cats in the jungle.
ILoveMyMother because at the end of the day, she will always be there for me.
No matter what.
My mom is getting on my nerves already and she just got here.
lol
Good morning and happy Thursday :
Good Morning!
We are one day closer to Friday!
Happy Friday Eve everyone!
We hope you continue to have a productive week!
nothin .....
i got work tomorrow
I thought it was funny!
Happy New Year and I hope it's your best year ever!!
Resumania is a term to describe errors made by job seekers on resumes, applications and cover letters.
Like this one: OBJECTIVE: To o
you have some good looking boys!
Happy mothers day momma jonas!
BIG welcome to all the Casting Directors / Talent Agents who've joined the site today...something's in the water!
My first earthquake and I didn't even feel it.
be sure to DL our free app for iphone or andoctorid for all your ballpark trips!
Info on parking, concessions, local bars,  more
no didn't see that one until now but thinking of upgrading to it.
Love bubble baths and champagne!
Not even thinking about it, I scheduled focus groups on Memorial Day.
If there was a study researching longterm effects a MacCheese and Crab Rangons diet I'd sign up in a heartbeat.
Ugh, This nigggguh
Happy anniversary to my Dad and Stepmom today!
Such a great example of love :
Dude on the bus is rapping hard as hell but not saying anything lol..
go 'head playa
Layed in my bed for an hour and a half after a woke up cause my ipod just kept playing good tunes
Sadly, but when I feel lonely or just useless, I always listen to sorrowful songs, that make me feel ever worse.
Happy birthday to the gorgeous !
Have a great day sugarr.
:
88 Rouget Echezeaux saves the day!
Beautiful fruit and spice.
Great showing!
We have paid spots coming up for clean comics at a spectacular, high professorle, Hollywood hot spot.
Send queries to
Aw, thank you so much!
Totally just saw cory from that's so raven at the casino...
awesome!
Anit where I want to be but I gOt a few Hun...
ROzAy Boss!!!!
Cleaning the house
NP  TOO COOL ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
New servers will be up this week and broadcasting our Stations.
We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused everyone.
omg im going to tell my mom
Skittles are gone
hit me up on my dm niglet
After wrapping my brain cells around my action script Donors for 16 hours over past three days, I'm back to Tweeting and fucking around.
Hey, um Austin?
I got a question.
Serious question.
I just might die if you don't answer.
Well, um...
will you follow me?
;
Thanks to mister.chunkys fatt ass sitting in her desk all year eating, im going to fail today.
I'm in love with this O'Quinn kid.
Nicest dude ever.
Helps every Mizzou player up right away
LOL.
You're funny today.
The Artist brings artistry back to filmmaking .
.
.
makes me miss the year teaching film and editing.
Don't you hate it when your foot falls asleep?
Teaching a comics/cartooning course this week at the prestigious Sidwell Friends school in DC for the 3rd year in a row.
Always a fun gig!
Wats up Twitter i c ppl rdy to c me do features with alot of great ppl shit look tweet me n another star you want to do feature
LOL doctornk a glass for me!
those wigs hurt my soul
Goes to show you how often I play...
I just assumed it was from weeks ago!
Haha.
We're so glad you joined us!
His ass is fine though.
twerk that ass nigs.
MERRY XMAS GIRL!
Im chargin A 1000 for a show can u afford date.and thats just One show amagine wat My tour gon make
Guess who won 100....
Wonderful, Sehul!
How many semesters?
True actually.
When I was researching, I came across some unpleasant phrases as well :/
Am I really turning 35 tomorrow?
Say it ain't so!!
Lol But I know one thing I thank God to have made it another year!!!
We need a pet store downtown Seattle I want to get a gold fish so fing bad  now need to rent a car to doctorve to the burbs 4 one.
Rondo you're an idiot
They also only have 1 dman capable of helping them sustain offense
onus on govt to work out how to harness energies of newly empowered citizens
indeed i did.
it'll be quick.
I know man D:
I KNOW!
LOL.
That's what I mean!
I'm all OKC.
Haha.
: Romney is speaking at Liberty's graduation tomorrow.
They know he is Mormon, right?// But he is a Southern Mormon so it's ok
Yup you got it!!
: Nicely Done!
ARLERT BMSPF LOW FLOATER IN PLAY MONDAY
Ran into and at the MARN event.
All the best people are here!
Ah who run the world?
Girls lol.
looking forward to movie on the lawn tonight with the fam!
Happy Father's Day weekend to everyone!
Also, love and gratitude from many to Azim Khamisa.
Little did u know the vending machine in the lobby stays open late and they have bear claws for 1.
Happppyyy birrtthhdaaay to my baby day :
Is Leyland's idea of small ball the right idea to jump start the offense?
2488481130.
Still haven't seen the Avengers.
Should I see it before it leaves theaters?...
Well, I want popcorn...Who wants to go with me?!
:D
The last 4 articles I read were abt digital media hires on both sides of the aisle and prez campaigns.
It's that time again
23 days to go : looking forward to returning home and being where we want to be.
Getting on the bus tomorrow night with Keith  Kristyn Getty to go hang out at Metro Conference in Dallas on Wed.
You there?
RT : S/O to all my friends who came to support me tonight.
Loved how you guys camped out behind center, made signs, and cheer ...
send your addoctorss.
Call in and dont suck!
hahaha RT : now that your following me is a guest spot on coming?
Dick Werthimer The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Why is the FedEx print online site moving at the speed of dial up?
so ...
Email::Sender::Server is insanely bloated software, ...
I blame the author...
moving on, ...
lets trim the fat
Thanks for supporting a FUTURE LEADER in martial arts!
Vacation with us in the ATL at Battle of Atl!
see www.battleofatlatna.i
Still obsessing over Vision of Love lol
I can see already they bout to be scrappy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, hope you have a Great day!!
you were the only person who said something about doctorke on my timeline .
it'd be SICK if you guys did a song together :
: glad!
Your almost there!
2 all d single mothers out there 2 day is ur day HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 
A4: Keeping that longview, focusing on the macro of what we're doing here.
A collaborative economy, integrated lives, creativity...
not yet, just identified problem.
Niagara falls is hands down the coolest thing I've seen this year
: Just Smile.
Any committed musicians in Tucson, AZ looking to play in doctorw One Card, leave a wall post on Facebook.com/doctorwOneCard so we can talk!
i like movies that work as movies.fiction can do much more with narrative.
not that i'd find strong narrative a weakness in a movie
Look for God
Oh really?
o.O haha Hows that workin out for ya?
Having a gastronomical tour today, Japanese for lunch and Indian for supper with and
SAME HERE BRO, IM LOOKING FOR FEMALE FIGHTERS.
I WILL LET YOU KNOW ANY INFO I GET.
HAVE A BLESS DAY
They love to tell you stay inside the lines, but something's better on the other side
A Starbucks frappicino sounds amazing right now
Startin a new phrase called R.A.W.L Rappers Against Wack Lyrics Join the Team!!.lol
From everyone at The Messages Project to you: Have a safe and happy Easter weekend with your family!
Now, that I think about it, I think this is the first day I have stayed home all year.
Wow, jacked up price for slow, choppy inflight wifi to 18.
That's high enough for me to 2ndguess.
Never did before.
Welcome to 1975.
We often tell people what we do as we see it rather than explain what we do as our clients experience it.
How Long are you staying in Chicago for!?!?
when did tackleberry die???
What an unbelievable experience.
Body shut down at about 9.5 mile mark.
2:16:37 final time!
I'll be back
Blow up my mentions!
Would love to learn more.
Going for a run, trying to coax spring into arriving sooner vs later.
Its soo annoying when people mumble.
Hey thanks!
We are pretty pumped about the logo as well!
The news is exciting!
Yep havent opened it yet and yeah i never stopped haha
Dear plz, tell me, What I must do, because I want you to fallow me.
;  Kisses.
Follow my new page now for a quick follow back!
I heard you fuckd yo friend is it tru??
Craziness...: North Korea moves all 3 stages of a longrange rocket into position for a controversial April 1216 launch
dont wanna revisit it in a few
420 bitches with sam
I'm glad it went well.
A lot of people called the station so I assume that means even more on your end
Hour 2 is underway on the show!
will now be joining us for NBAplayoff talk at 11:30.
Taco Bell and Mountain Dew.
Doesn't get much better than that.
:
I told my youngest daughter, Dont be a smart mouth.
Her response, EMCsquared.
Smh lol!
God, I love my kids!
:D
Getting ur wisdom teeth pulled sucks
So I guess the good thing about living in a hurricane zone is that I can report on it?
np!
today...
building websites!
and perhaps brainstorming some ideas, how bout u??
they score 6 runs this weekend.
Wow.
KC owns this sad ass hitting team.
6 runs in 26 innings against KC who has a weak pitching stf
I have no clue what i want to go to college for and thats not good :/
Anderson Silva is getting rocked!
We're in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th.
Great News!!!!
you were right the first time.
When words fail, music speaks  Willie the Shake
of which it was commanded, 'Do not partake of it,' cursed are my formations for your sake,
Sorry for all of the language Twitter.
I left my computer for 3 minutes...
good things happen!
LOL Unfortunately, I can't leave every half inning with Batista comes in
wtf...hell no I am not!
RT Aquarians believe in being honest and sincere in a relationship.
They are highly possessive over their lover
nope, it's just bad in a different way.
Boring bad.
spring break coming up so nervous for my tests coming up...
LOTS OF STUDINGGG:
I don't want to talk about it
Suprising!
RT : 3 of 3.
Most online donors switch to directmail giving in subsequent years.
Al to the Ladies before...
the funeral I think?
omg yes
What do you have planned this weekend?
You are lost in your perceptions, emotions and thoughts.
You remain a captainve of your own body, mind and intellect.
Help spread our group on!
Two days left!
.
.
.
Please?!
Glenn.
You have finally stopped using His name in vain.
It's not time to counsel other on that one yet.
I was trying to lighten it up be ...
LOL.
Like I said, I think it is more common place in other countries, but I tend to agree with you.
We get screwed up enough :
Clippers advance to the semifinals.
Woo hoo!
I love L.
A.
Basketbal!!
3
Tune into the Jordan Rich Show tonight  WBZ 1030AM as we discuss what to give people who never acknowledge/appreciate your gifts.
That...seems unlikely.
But I am excited for seders!
And soup!
And that won't go away.
You know you're in love with someone when all you want is for them to be happy....
even if your happiness isn't part of theirs.
!!
AVOID THE LINE...
CUM EARLY....2 doctorNKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Some inspiring presentations today kicked offed by Tony Hsieh CEO of Zappos.com, follow post
So that's how you roll...a walking billboard!
Truthfully, tho, I would wear an ACDA polo.
I don't understand why family members get so mad when you block them off your facebook page.
They clearly can't keep shit to themseleves.
Optimizing for local  in your meta tags make sure you provide individual geo locations and link to those property pages.
Broke my ribs at the deer valley skatepark in AZ!
sljsummit Selznick: possibilities for narrative in tech that don't exist in traditional book format: together they teach you how to read
Happy Friday everyone!
What's the plan for today?
Tweet UP in the Castle tonight!
Leave us your twitter name at the reg desk so we can add you.
Let's put a face to your tag!!
Please RT
libday8 starting to wrap things up before heading home soon
thank you for the mention!
:
At my last class of semester and were doing our Science project this morning.
Hurry up professorssor everyone wants to leave 
So..how was your day?
:
1 in 2 men will be diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime and 1 in 3 women will be.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Why do people get mad at others when their broke?
I can't help I did the right things in life to land me were I am.
Do better.
would be awesome but then he would NEVER get reelected
I need to have a dog ass session!
congrats!
we look forward to a great
It's so fun!
The girls are working the catwalk...Tyra would be so proud!
Hello new friend!
Happy Wednesday!
Has to find a place for March 1st or April 1st, looking for an affordable one bedoctorom in the Seattle area...
NEED HELP!
:
Happy birthday lady!!!
Hope you had fun last night xo 
Always stick up for yourself!!
Claire Redfield and Curtis Miller are both members of Terra Save, a nongovernmental human rights organization.
Approx.
2500 orphan doctorgs approved to date with an average trial size of 100 patients.
Jim Healy
You are sicklicious!
3 ya Alec!
almost positive we'll be taking that room but I'll see my parents tonight so I'll double check!
Can't wait x
I have never heard of Jerry Coleman
Desperately in need of a vacation.
Thank goodness Philly is in 9 days.
Until then, happy hour it is even if it's raining
Eli Manning:  just won a championship yet I'm still the third mosttalkedabout quarterback in my own city.
true indeed!
Working like its my job....
How old is your little one?
tweet me sometime Chris!: or text me!: I'll dm you my number!
Exclamation mark!
3
My boy that lives somewhat around my way.
He raps  just came out with the Mixtape CirocLife that's on
I wanna!
Mamas being mean doe because I'm doctorving her car.
the dog in the background looks like a doll.
Looks so tired too.
um, well, it's def raunchy, but i really like the story line
Lord have mercy RT : Nyjer Morgan heading out to left field.
Braun out.
Bad day gets worse for

looked so AMAZING on this morning!
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Long time no tweet...love you all :
Glad to hear it!
I'm about to book the Venetian for the academic version of Fear  Loathing in LV :D
Support the Fight against Cancer.
100 of 160z online CloSYS oral rinse professorts to Breast Cancer Awareness.
www.closys.com/charity.html
Last night's show in Green Lake was a lot of fun, but I'm really looking forward to playing tonight at one of my favorites: Luna on Vashon.
: Latest news on housing market 24 underwater.
REO's sell for 36 below market value short sales 15.
oh well
cnnctd100 event is kinda nuts.
u didnt txt me
thnx so much!
We r playing a small show on May 11th  Plough  Stars in SF to kick off our CD release campaign.
U shld come!
Ya?
Google Argues for Dismissal of Authors BookScan Lawsuit
just saw the show!
Come doctornk dude!
On me
came close to having double dosage there
Voting for ArtWalk ends at NOON TODAY!
Join us at 5pm for the Winners Announcement at 18 N.
th Street!
The suspense is killing me
hacker poker night round 2 dec 16 via  link to fb page?
thanks for the plug!
It's too nice out for me to be at work all day
Don't bitch about your reputation if you still going to live up to it.
buzz within the craft beer community, lots of prominent craft brewers are experimenting with them, etc.
big potential
oh, i forgot about my pic with that you saw.
i've never had a picture of myself as a professorle pic.
10 I'm too tired.
This IS a vacation.
Listening to the show about debut last night on WWE Raw is even better the 2nd time.
I smell what The Rock is cooking!
Twilight Imperium.
Not as good as its made out to be.
You need to clear an entire afternoon.
Or day with the expansion.
HOPE U ENJOYED THE PROVINCES BRO!
: Glad you like the BigOven App!
I'm the founder/author.
Any suggestions welcome.
idol If you have the results DVRd, go back and watch Hollie say Yeah, that's right!
to Colton when they said Jessica's name!
True colors.
lol , me too but some people just dont enjoy it.
Do you have any appearances scheduled for this weekend in California?
Atleast I tried
Give Joe Buck a 5hour energy doctornk, I think he's sleep talking...
earthquake felt Hickory section of Chesapeake.
Chandelier swinging etc.
Musée de la Chasse is the movein ready hôtel particulier of my doctorams.
follow for some seriously hilarious tweets
in my experience I had to pay income taxes on Unemployment wage benefits.
My wife, tho, agreed that 40/wk isn't employment.
i did not get an email...do u have my email addoctor
Good call!
RT : Debbie on FB meant stop lookin bc they tend 2 show up when ur not lookin!
: as 4 now let's stop the suicide talk!
But yes, that would be 1 to getting shot, 1 to getting a bad shot.
Ready or not, life goes on...
Peep 's new project, it's fresh...
www.odmusic.com
a common complaint of ff, but memory is so cheap and plentiful these days that that doesn't bother me.
Just saw a commercial for baby bottle pop...
Wtf
Watching the vow again :
I actually sent this question to the SKC radio show.
I think the overconfidence lies more within the fans than it does the players
titelles room is too dirty for me to share any ways
Hey salsa dancers, how do you do that hipthing?
I can't figure out hipthing.
Help with hipthing!
This is in reference to hipthing.
Just found out Sharmeen Obad Chinoy is a fellow 7 Sister!
Congrats on your Oscar!
Shout out to my big Homie the real a real
Have you seen her body slam a spoiled bitch into a dumpster yet?
Boo at the parting dig at Detroiters.
A long day, working on the book of Ruth, thinking about global Judaism.
Glad to be home.
The phone seem to ring longer when you ignoring somebody call...
was that supposed to hurt my feelings?
hahaha
Good morning, Princess!!
How are you?
Shall I send over some Chai?
That tweet made no mention of NC, nor was it meant to.
Just a comment on a common phrase.
Not sure what you're talking about.
4/24/1794T.
Jefferson: Nothing is more wanting than a thorough knowledge of by which the usualinadequate modes may be aided
ya know just laying here, sick..
waiting for a follow back from that I probably won't get /:
the things we do to get men's attention...
RT : Dont be too long crying over anything.
Things u're crying about right now sometimes are things you'll be grateful for later.
The HMP Difference: Total commitment to providing CLevel attention throughout each assignment by experienced healthcare executives
Protip: When ordering a value meal from a fastfood restaurant, ask for an icee or a milkshake rather than a soda.
You will never regret it.
It really annoys me when I move my car for street cleaning,  2 hrs later, it's abundantly clear the sweeper never came
I think if you do the most  you make the most you are the best
I guess I'll watch the
I think I knew that...
obscure Office Space reference.
I'm riding to the Elite Eight in the clubhouse pool.
Not talking to in 3 days 
doctornking platinums before I ice rory tonight.
It's happening.
Yeah it is :P So how's life?
Today in 1937, Houston City Council agrees to buy Telephone Rd.
and adjacent land for a future municipal airport.
not much.
Chillin with my kids.
Just checkin in with ya
I have a Real DumbA cousin that is a Kentuckian that is a FLA fan burns me to the core of my being I don't get it!
Do you have the link?
:3
Some people never stop serving alanperez here from the Dominican, serving on a Saturday
A few mins for intros.
Who is participating in our indieview chat this morning?
May I use your bathroom?
Classic K move when I'm at person of interest's house.
had another very bad day with the bullies
Man, wtf did they do to my Twitter layout?
I can't find sht now.
I'm always up this early...
Can't never sleep long..
lol
nowplaying Robert Palmer
thats awesome stuff!!!!
hahhahahaha I remember that!
God times :
cuz I left my phone on your couch.
The library is having a reptile show.
There are at least 100 kids here...
Mario Williams signs with Bills.
Why didn't Texans try harder to keep him?
Purely financial or injury history or both?
O, Lord, open today your hand of blessing upon the C.S.
Lewis College.
Guide and provide for this vision!
Just finished A Dance With doctorgons, hope the next arrives soon.
Now back to dystopian futures.
Cuties!
I am in need one of some fancy headwear.
How can I get one before NYC on Sunday?!
The police call it crack I call it Diet Coke
exciting tuesday night.....
I think I've reached my mama quota for the day.
Not sure I can respond cheerfully anymore.
mad respect for your nuggets.
Growth year for you guys and an impt step.
oh, what a dumb bitch.
Haha
Problems are like farts, the worst ones nobody knows where they came from and nobody wants to take the blame for them.
RT : Bears preseason opener vs.
Peyton Manning and Broncos exactly three months from today.
Do what is right for your members, not just what is good for your bottom line.
Mike Long, Just one more reason I love MY cu.
Finland is also known as the land of of the thousand lakes, because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this coun
Good point by Sen Schneider student is technically not enrolled on school during summer
Done!
Thanks so much!
NP Black Sheep  Flavor of the Month.
We finish writing a rough doctorft on them, cool group who just couldn't get by the sophomore jinx GM!
Jeez!
Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies!
How r u doing.
Missed u on FF.
Hope all is well  u have a gr8 Thanksgiving holiday.
Mom is doing gr8each day a little stronger.
Listening to a 'Solo Piano' Pandora station.
It's great for studying and sleepiness.
mutuallyexclusive?
it just made me stronger farreal
ey, that's miss Carr to you.
Awesome that all of ptz are represented in the final four.
Good Morning Sir!
I love laying in my hammock 
your one of a kind.
I like that ;
Green Tip: Laundoctor Detergent: Add  cup washing soda and  cup of Borax as washer is filling add clothes.
Cleans  Deodorizes!
we talked last night?!?!?
Jesus Christ!
Give me your mailing addoctorss.
I'm sending you a thesaurus.
To all creative creators who create great work.
Please consider submiting to the award competition.
really?
thank you!
x
any recommendations on netflix instant queue movies?
Hey software developers, I'm trying to figure out which source control SCM is most popular?
What do YOU use?
Hello all you Vegas folk...
I will be in Vegas for one week and I would like to see all your faces...
so let me know.
All done filming!
Now time to edit!!!
thanks a lot :
First, maybe u need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps good show
Seeking a Library Executive Coordinator for a University in DC!
An MLS and administrative background is required.
Resumes can be sent to
The zerg player goes for a fast expansion while building zerglings to defend himself against 
that's crazy
When I don't message you.
Doesn't mean.
Good road win by The Cats !!!!
LSU you are next !!!!!
Go Big Blue
I'll trust you with whatever you say, just don't lie to me!
Tell BoDean he's a pig!!
And I mean that with the utmost respect.
SUSHI HANA, you make me feel oh so very good!
QuoteOfTheDay: Stop calling her a prostitute!
She's a sidewalk hostess!
do us a favor and od please
do u even realize how much i like you?
you talk to me like its nothing, but yet i feel like you barely notice me.
why cant you see me here?
laughs we discussed this!!
You a beautiful amazing squash/sweet potato/strawberry..beacuse..YOLO!
o.e
Thanks to the people waiting on public transportation for making this beautiful evening taste/smell like an ashtray.
This butt's for you.
follow me xx
oh i feel stupid, and no why?
Selfesteem is a sickness if it gives me approval for good acts but condemns me if I fail.
Albert Ellis
nervous homeboy big game.
D has to show up early  oline has to hold their own  I'll feel better.
Heineken in hand.
Zomg!
Congrats!
Where at?
Enjoy all the Mon and Ted time!
I hope your liver is up to it!
;
Have fun!
But don't expect those WM tour guides to be better than the lovely Red Polos!
INSen smokefree measures let charity gamers smoke in schools by night, while kids and staff absorb toxins next morning.
One day I want to bone a guy named Jesus so I can scream his dads name out during sex....
Why do people buy into the hype of Black Friday or Cyber Monday?
Supporting such madness is a poor reflection on our society.
So if girls are liars and say they hate liars, does that mean they hate themselves?
They're stuck being miserable for being dumb
Had a great time at awards.
Best part: Seeing recognized on stage  finally meeting IRL!
Why do I get so many emails about viagra?
Kemba Walker is my new favorite.
That guy is out of control.
alright can you get a couple people to follow me plz and thx
Looking forward to what from has to say.
Maybe he brought samples!
;
Heading to Huntsville to hear doctor Scott of UNT in guest recital
interesting!
what are you going to use for analytics instead?
Roger will be signing copies of Life Itself starting at 1PM tomorrow in the lobby of the Newberry Library in Chicago.
I don't even remember lol..
so sorry not to have responded before...
We didn't get set up in Lanyrd for this year, but will recommend for next year.
No way...dev be killin at that game.
second try on its way to you now.
Word...
RT : this is..upsetting
signed x
I'm against being against anything  Anonymous
must be a made up stat.
Damn Moneyball...ruining the game.
Oh my god you're alive!
And congratulations!
Didn't mean to twist your arm.
; Glad to have your thoughts and reflections!
So basically, every team has doctorfted 5 AllPros so far, is now clearly a division favorite.
Sweet.
Kicking off the marketo boston user group
Headed to lambeau to watch the beat the crap out of the bears
If you can never have too many friends, or pairs of shoes.
BornToShop OrSex hahaha...I'm jus sayin'  
Mahel makes great move to pick up extra yards!
Since when did the people who come to Sun Tan City become soo trashy??
Yeah, saw that.
Can't ever tell who he sits with.
Probably there alone
trump hates black people
The word of a gentleman is as good as his bond; and sometimes better.
Charles Dickens
'Cause y'all know who the fuck, what the fuck I do I done put the pressure to every thug I knew Quack quack to a duck and a chicken too
Sunflower seeds 
we have office at Glendora!
for sure they love cakemamas, how can we participate to your activities?
I love your default!
So ThelmaandLouiseesque;
those side streets vary..
LA too crowded man!
Turned on Pandora for the first time today and the first song that came on was Lonely Boy.
Definitely a good sign, yes?
don't change the subject!!
Happy Sunday, my friend.
Blue whales lowfrequency pulses are as loud as 188 decibelslouder than a jet engineand can be detected more than 500 miles away
This Saturday I'm still celebrating my Bday  Treasures wit pre order bottles 100 think I'm a grab a 100bottles hbu
check me and my boys out strait out of minnesota holding it down for the home town tc 651 young blocka got um ya
hunt that thing down girl!
Get a picture so we have proof
What a beautiful day Chicago!!!
I went and saw Moneyball tonight, but I think I only understood about half of it.
It's about football, right?
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'  Martin Luther King, Jr.
Glad to see that surpassed the Sophomore Curse.
Congrats!
Why is it I can date a girl for 3 years.
But I can't even date a gay for 3 weeks.
We're looking forward to seeing you at MamasDay2012!
La Mesa Police Dept.
will be hosting a neighborhood forum on Jan 13 from 6pm to 8pm at Rolando Elementary School in La Mesa.
Love the eyebrows moving up and down LOL
hahaha you can't see his face tho!
Thank you.
SCOOT OUT, SON.
glad I'm not the only one that thinks it.
Lol
this tomato soup was a terrible idea and it only makes me want whataburger
dessert sounds delicious!
I had molten chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream, we all deserve a splurge now and them.
Screw off mister.
Fillmann
I tweeted and they told me we can only use it instore :/
Decent day.
I hate, loathe and despise schools School is bad for you if you have any talent.
M.
Sendak, prob not quoted at educ plan this morning.
Just created our first newsletter.
If you want to be on the mailing list please send us your email.
Apologies for the spam I unwittingly served up yesterday!
RT : Planning for '12  asking : What can I really impact?; What's not making any impact at all?
Loved working the spiritawards.
Great show, in a tent, on the beach in Santa Monica.
What is better than that?
two quarters of med school down and you're soaking up the sun in Hawaii!!
Congrats my Lo Lo, so proud of you.
Get extra tan for me xo
NFL needs to start again...i've turned into a doctornk this off season and i'm sick of beating in scrabble
and GI too won both in Houston and Oklahoma a few weeks ago
KrAzY 2 doctornKs, FrEe EnTrY, FrEe FoOd FrEe YoGotti Tickets...
WhErE tHeY dO tHaT aT?
BODIROCK Thursday.
BE THERE!
Ill be glad to take your cash.
When  where?
I'm traveling back from St.Martin today but feel free to give a call..excited to have covering PUPM!
Bout to put one n da air
since when was I the curmudgeon here?
:
Checking out  looks neat
I made one of the choirs I wanted.
Oh well, 1 sophomore made it who can just go die cause I fucking hate her.
Ok.
Rant over.
Earthquake freaked me out!
At first I thought there was a big truck going by until the house really started to shake!!!
looking forward too it
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali.
AAHHE and LA bound in the morn!
its impressive you were Still interested prior to them
Just installed iDisk for my iPhone, everytime it finishes installing the icon changes to an app I previously deleted  any ideas?
Saw a full grown human sitting on a bench eating chicken mcnuggets.
getapalate seriously?
Remember when pocket change was actually enough to buy things out of vending machines: A who has cash anymore?
B 1.25 for gum WTF?!?!?
Fuck the nazi.
I hope you're all havin a blast in hell.
Pretty Ironic how you're the ones burning now.
ha!
Jinx you owe me a taco!
G'day mate.

thanks you for the mention and support!
I could go for some pancakes rights now!
First mention of the desirability of a partnership with ARTstor...
now that would be cool.
Just Googled: Ring Around the Rosie....
That is some heavy sh
And the day gets worse....almost 1100 gone...
To whom shall I regift this unwieldy Matisse calendar?
Ah I see.
Makes more sense now.
Well I do since I grew up in Morocco.
It comes with the Moroccan upbringing lol.
Bus crash on Ave and 45th, not sure who's injured
What just happened?
Oh haha ha ha ha....
yea...
funny stuff ha ha...
I was busy ok!!!
I had things to do!!!
There's sumthin wrong with it...
It aint uploaded yet or sumthin.
Idk...
: Boom!
9 years sober today!
congrats!
If you really have to buy something new, make sure to sell out the old stuff to cover the cost.
It's a great day to shoot videos over here.
Pizza is my
Loved the ep where Artie got elegs from Coach B.
:
Go on youtube and search hey rainbow blondes just keep it jesus  and click the first link.
It's pretty much awesome.
damn straight!
55, thank you for all you did for the San Diego community.
You left a mark and your legacy will live on.
Thoughts  prayers to your family.
is cooking me breakfast...finally!
Lol
I saw you on the UPA hashtag, but couldn't remember why I knew that avatar.
Hi!
If you see me around, say hello.
thanks!
Miss ya bud and now you're in htown :
Listening to Mumbai/Punjab match.
It's going to be close, but I think Mumbai will pull through.
At work!
My eyes are burning....
not sleeping tonight...
Congrats to you!
I have a q tip fetish
Mitt Romney finds miss childoctorn!
What else do you want?
WOW!
Excellent call!
Tepid nuts are going to revolutionize Super Bowl spreads as we know it!
speaking of interior life I'm now going to venture outside and put some time in doing a little yard work despite the coldgrey
Beauty is when the love of ur life smiles at you and and it makes u smile!!!
Been a busy day today.
I foresee a busy weekend ahead as well!
planning to tune into NPR's All Things Considered this afternoon to hear discuss North Carolina's Amendment 1 w/ Guy Raz.
I cannot express enough how big of a game this is for Boozer's confidence.
We know what Luol is capable of, but Boozer won this game.
with me!!!
We need another roommate at our house on 15th  Dunn!
Sow was once Prime Minister but was thrown out by Wade.
He set his own party and today he is President because promised a different Senegal.
The Avengers kicked ass.
Go see it.
aye you need to check your email ASAP cause I sent you something special.
Tweet me if i haven't followed you yet :
another lonely night studying art.
caught a cool 'the graduate' homage shot at the end of an ep of the office.
woot.
when I first met the both of you ; his icon
i am going to miss you too!
we need to stay in touch :
Morning Loves Well just here at mexico listening to and you guys are just amazing XD love Yall
more money, 40 year old phenom.
My 5 minutes of fame stretch beyond At 42 be better than 24 wake up TO!
It's time for work!!
IS NONprofessorT SALARIES SPINNING OUT OF CONTROL?
Congratulations!
This looks fantastic on my iPhone.
I had my doze of LAUGHTER for today ...time to face the stressful world!
Ugh
Katie!
New position at Idea?
We are so long overdue for a wine/catchup sesh.
Always nice when KingFelix blanks the other team, or any Mariners pitchers does that really!
Imagine if loses to Cotto this weekend.
And then u wake up.
That aint gonna happen
When you come to the show tonight, don't be scared to ask about St.
doctornken's Day.
We want to spread the good news.
All I'm focused on is stayin in my own lane.....
I know, really disturbing!
Es you here?
As a youngster, my biggest doctoram was to be on the TV show zoom.
Get all your snapbacks on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com x
we're going through some member changes right now, so yeah we'll need a photoshoot eventually D;
Attention, type designers: Semibold is an important weight.
Please don't neglect it.
Thankf for the follow..now following back
I think this is something that comes up a lot  is ALA's main focus libraries or librarians?
Or a combo of both?
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun.
;
Can't believe its sunday already where do the weekends go
i know man!
I hate waking up early!
Haha
Do you think the state's murder statues are too lenient?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
sschat Also when I taught religion to 6th grade we did architecture study of worship spaces  did watercolors of mosques
There's a ton of opportunity for UXers right now.
Go find yourself a place that appreciates you.
Really need to get my costume together...its approaching a little too fast
I'm currently typing this by touch after just having looked at a screenshot of the iPhone 4S!
Cowboy hat cocked to the side?
lol
favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy..
when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like love u love u LOVE U!
last day?
What's up with everyone leaving?
That's sad i have 800 pics in my phone...
BEAT THE LAKERS ALREADY DAMN I WANT THEM OUT!!!!
Having a fun time hanging out at CWU!!
Thanks for the
Thanks Doreen!
It is available on Amazon although they haven't received their books yet but should arrive any day now!
except, when I'm not.
ha ha
BP topic: story boarding vs finding it in the edit.
i.e.
Hitchcock vs Malick.
Make sure to go follow
Just named a new genre on Pandora...ContemporaryFusion  My work is done.
Time for the weekend.
awesome!
I won't forget lol!
I can't wait, this gonna be a bad ass show!!!
so Jason smith thinks steelers and ravens superbowl hm I don't think so becuz well one steelers can beat texans an ravens will hostNE
pitbull and neyo sound just like the radio!!
3 the Hecks!
My husband  I howl w/laughter watching I'd almost swear the writers have our house bugged!
Team Florida!!!!
Are you ready for some football ????
Look up Team Florida  Exclusive Football league.
I'm going to ninth, and I'm kinda short lol
Katie Rodgers at the Henna Party Workshop
Had so much fun at my job's holiday party!
I know,
thanks for the heads up...
they don't :
Proud to be an American
Sorry, 340 tons!
Oh my gosh, thank you so much!
I am so glad that you like it!
Can't wait to finish it, would love to send finished cd to you
i'm so hungry
This country is run by the super wealthy, super PACs simply puts that fact in our face.
Wealthy people professort from privatizationgov bashing
Looks like I owe my fans a snippet of my new song...
RT : Just registered for , for name I put Genuine Human Who Isn't Secretly A Robot BEEP BOOP, god I hope they buy it
'If I lost my ID, where would I go?' 'Hell.'
That is cool.
Lolin at this spanish packet!
ap test is going to be buenoooo
Don't over analyze be patient eventually you'll find the answer you looking for
doing the tourist thing: on a double decker bus tour of nyc
Man I love that new Subaru commercial with the dogs doctorving!
Emily get off the high mountain you need jesus
The BMW Tent Event will be luxurious after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Will do!
Thanks!
Son preference leading to sexselective abortion has resulted in 100,000 MILLION missing girls globally fem2 IWD internationalwomen'sday
....oh.
I'm at home watchin movies til I fall asleep.
U left ur food ova here
You should be online...
right...
now....
that was one of the cutest movies ever...
thanks so much I'm new to the shift from print to online media.
It's so great to connect!
I'm dead!
We had about 500 at the game.
Good time...bad score.
when you fall for someone's personality everything about them become beutiful :
let's talk money , I talk bad ;
I think we are having bueno weather this weekend here too.
Awesome!
Zoo time!!
you don't understanded the comedy that the sheikie baby haset.
Sheikie baby is camel clutch if you followun
Happy Birthday to our hsff bud !
Thanks for looking out for little ol' 44.
;
Can't bust a grape, can't kick no dust..
shit..
Bottomservices sendin out much sucess  BLESSINGS 2 all follow Be Dollar facebook  lets share!
Free
stupid girl flirty giggle I think you're really cute.
And you rock those doctorms.

it used to get on my nerves when it was in the radio but I like it now.
Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day.
RT
come teach me and I'll pay the cost of losing to u.
I'm sitting alone with a dealer
Best idea ever.
Increase headways on Regional Rail  15 mins max wait time.
Andoctorw Stober
Winning is about hrt, not just legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
don't go to hard or you'll wake up with an awful headache again lmaao
Mom just asked my brother if he wanted to donate sperm to a lesbian couple I know who is in the market.
merrychristmas!
Still plenty of time to hit the top 10!
I know it will.
Now I gta go translate it  see for myself, lmao
We made it!!
Happy Friday,
GOODLUCK : 21.3 is the goal tomorrow..
I can do it.
TrackNation
You're right.
Ron Paul looks like a man among lunatics.
What an amazing audience.
Thank you so much to everyone who came to Endgame tonight.
carnal flower by frederic Malle is super sexy.
Hope this helps!!
Happy Friday!
It's going great man, got 3 new songs  a website in the works!
Would love to book another show together
Fun Fact Friday: Taking a long weekend?
You'll find cheaper fares  greater seat availability if you fly on Saturday and return on Tuesday.
eportfolio is finished!
I promise you im done caring about you NONFACTORS bHADD
True RT : Capricorn prefers to play the background but somehow always end up in the spotlight.
for a limited time you can buy our book for only 4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
haha of course!
Two of my followers just need to admit they like each other and stop being immature about it.
you're a busy woman today!!
Great seeing you!
It IS America the Beautiful  that made my morning!
Thank you darlin!
:  America the Beautiful !
xOx
hit me when u ready fam
My Chemical RomanceDead
I was in the kitchen washing a dish
THE MILITANT IS READY FOR OPENING DAY!
Even his underwear is blue!
I was excited to find you, but seeing that you have 49k followers, I'm feeling less special!
haha trust me justin were more than wildd..;3
Another gaffe by Harper?
kolby!!!!!!
What's up buddy!
well in all reality you kind of did.
Thank beautiful  RT : you guys are too cute :'
Shop Atlanta Ann Taylor Loft today thru March 8.
Donate a pair of gently worn pants and get 15 off a new pair.
Head over to and have an awesome Mint Tea.
It's exactly what you need.
They have awesome energy bars too!
Are you guys sitting next to each other putting this on Twitter...?
That's just silly.
RT : Girls fall in love with what they hear.
Boys fall in love with what they see.
That's why girls wear makeup, and boys lie.
They're just sluts
I was planning to fall to my knees and pray.
She's coming to the June BOA meeting, so we'll have time to compose ourselves.
Whoever is the 37th person to retweet my next tweet, wins a FREE copy of 37 CD/DVD!
Be watching ;
I cannot believe that I am teaching yoga at 8:30 am and it is daylight savings time.
What am I doing right now?
Huntsman: Debt crisis caused by both Dems  Repubs
this is impressive but I believe they r also owned by monster?
have huge partnerships 4 cables and other audio parts???
I know right??
It's made to be more difficult/confusing than necessary
Sorry  couldn't help it.
I will probably be there at 9:30am.
Msg me your contact number.
Megan is a BEAST!
I'm loving her more and more each week!!
nice are you there ?
hey momma!
Egypt says it ended US lobbyists' contract  USA TODAY
My mom is making me go to a party I really don't want to go too
it's so freaking addicting!!
Feelin rite i didnt think i wud feel the creamery
Dallas Clark????
R u allowed to bring your own stuff for Davis to sign?
Great pic.
Welcome to Washington!
Possibly THE most exciting, bizarre and scary  heres hoping the Cambridge guy is fine!
What if the Rangers don't make the playoffs?
What would have to happen between now and their hypothetical and improbable elimination?
Weird.
That's what we like to hear!
In between starting movies I've been checking TITANIC ..the 3D conversion seems pretty good actually
lol their call me maybe cover has been playing non stop on my computer :p theyre just that good
home finally
Girls fighting on the bus, so fucking pointless.
I wonder if Bob Warner would be pleased to know that I now carry his trading card in my wallet.
Congrats to John Fox and The Broncos for a highly successful season.
Let the National Library Week celebrations commence at UDC !
Love Sydney!
I was homesick on Christmas, but got over it.
Thank you to all of my new followers!
I look forward to supporting you in your ventures as well.
: xoxoxo
Whole grain?
Noname animal crackers?
She wouldn't want that stuff anyway!
Bring on the Butterfingers!
Can't you see, I'm talking about eternity
hello im so happy!!!: zack finally followed me:
Received the best visit from my little love this morning.
Studying all day won't be as bad now...I hope.
Clearly you insult more than any.
Does this mean you have no argument either?
what do you do on Friday nights!?
Just started playing church league ball every Friday in Concord// u should come
See whats new with SWH check out our new blog www.seowebsitehero.com/blog, take advantage of our current months specials
thank you baby3
Might teach tech savvy.
gmail switched to the new format on my work email today and I'm hating life right now.
seriously, why is it so bad?
Not watching the game
are you in training?
Much better.
lol yea yea yea
Thanks so much for the kind FF s!
Most awkward award ever....
Usher, justin, or Eminem......
Uhmmmmmm.......
Can you please follow me :
The logical succeeding pun writes itself.
Oh dear.
Glee was so good: 
328: This Thanksgiving, I'm grateful for true abundance in my life, and I wish blessings and abundance for all my family  friends, too.
Kind of obsessed with
Just got back from the gym.
Today was chest day.
I finally think I'm getting some where.
Will all the hard work pay off?
Only time will tell
And a lot of great posters!
nice more picture
people that do things just for attention
Thank you!
I'm happy to send you a free sample.
Email me at and let's partner!
Waiting for my Ikea delivery.
Would be more excited if I actually had time time to put my new furniture together.
Preorder your homemade tamales for the holidays from Taco N' Madoctor herself!Chicken, pork, turkey,Mexican cheese tamales oh my!
: Happy 21st can't wait until tonight.
Rock chalk baby!
thank you.
It's gonna be a
I had crazy heartburn tonight, too.
But then my water broke, so maybe it was my body's way of waking me up.
lol
THANK YOU!
The Chic'
Learning with at the Rethinking Debreifing session on English language learners
burned 99 calories doing 10 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
carter update?
Have any plans next weekend?
I'll be headlining Saturday Night at O'Connell's See ya there?
Loved your SMPP course!
How do I sign up for WWS?!
Is there an early bird discount??
Thanks!
since 11.
you know, when I said it started.
i have been home all day .
no me gustaaa
Why do I even bother calling or caring Sigh
is my inspiration for not giving up on my doctoram doctoramchaser til i collapse
D4 bbc sessions?
Bootleg vinyl?
Found it in chitown...
far is a distance, but never a reason why.
To summarize: maybe hitting on others isn't such a great thing after all.
Me and put down today we let em know who to be watching out for our there
when did Utah become Los Angeles?
are you ok babe?
I'm scared.
WaSup Bro!
I Like What You Are Doing!
We Gotta Work!
You Already Know!
DM Ya Contact
Can't wait to hear da new Solo by !!!!
I caught word that it was Cold as ICE!
it looks fluffy!
haha is it?
where's that single?!
Oh.
Well whatever the case, he might surpass last year's walk total in a week at this pace.
please follow  as we are big fans and have your apparel!
Rut Hockey thanks you!
What I wonder about quadoctorbots, though, is: How long do the batteries last?
Pretty energyintensive to hover and maneuver like that.
Negative.
Got some potentially great news this morning though.
Planted catnip seeds today.
All 400 of them.
Should make for some very happy kitties this year.
...but one must support ones friends!
Toi, toi Rachelle go rock da the house this eve : 
Gift cards for Bed Bath  Beyond or Home Depot?
haha he shook and I thought something was wrong ha
If you have to ask me if I like you, I probably don't .
: I'm so fat I doctornk chips.
Of course!;
I want to stay in my lunchtime workout clothes for the rest of the day.
dietbetproblems cc:
Sometimes you gotta know when to shut er down and go see a movie!
Chocolate has no calories if consumed in the 12 hrs before paper submission or during grading
vote for jaden
Hanis fluid jewelry designs can be described as colorful, rich and textured with a flair for clean lines and a minimalistic presence.
I'm hoping to get some of it done today
RT : 'Topes on the board again!
Scott Van Slyke blasts a double off the left field wall to score Josh Fields!
'Topes up 40, B5
thanks!
Perfect.
Oh, any examples up there already?
In a test the condor used the least energy to move a kilometer.
Then we discovered a man on a bicycle blew the condor away.
Steve Jobs
the true fans added bioware to safe sender as recommended
One of the stunt guys on The Hangover 2 is suing Warner Brothers for a stunt gone bad.
I wonder if it has anything to do with the monkey.
i have no idea
I loved BET Uncut  In living color :
I am lucky.
I think I made the right choice in choosing him.
She know that when IPhone that it's FaceTime
I can't stand hypocrites smh
thanks for the network hit u up soon!.
Follow bak!
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X14
im sorry didnt mean to upset you;
There was no Food section in the today.
A sad Thursday.
I hope that's not intentional.
cc:
what time is it.......really?
I'll keep you my dirty little secret.
MEGA HOTNESS.
Our office manager is regulating the candy bowl.
For every piece of candy i eat, i have to run a lap around the office or tweet about it.
Crazy!
Ma started bleeding from my nose, I may be dying haha
Lol what is on christina's head?
I mean, it's sparkly so thats nice....
If I get into a writer's residency in AZ, I'll smuggle my copy of Pedagogy of the Oppressed into a public school.
Up late because I over think on something so simple...
Now watching Breaking Bad
Semisonic's Closing Time will get that reaction at Borders too.
ha..
thanks..
Peter Parkers..
tons of them around here
lol dis bitch goes out with austin, then cody, then harry, WHAT'S NEXT, JUSTIN?
holy fuck.
you are never missing a thing!
Just got done Cleanin the house,Watchin cartoons wit the kids...Bout 2 start makin breakfast....
ha!
my time is coming, I'm sure of it
This reminded me of U If I doctornk alcohol I am alcoholic.
So if I doctornk Fanta, am I fantastic?
argh!!!
Los Angeles Business Journal website, Y U NO WORK???
: I'm reading that stupid book 50 Shades of Grey and its not about Jennifer Grey and I hate it.
brilliant
kev was sweet that day.
said i figured it out...didn't say i honored it!
So I've watched captainin america at least 3 times I'm workin on 4 right now
: if she can roll better then you, she may be wifey material
GOPACKGO packers or in Los Angeles...
LA Lakers and Vikings.
Just need to take Wild as a second NHL to have a set!
CHECK THAT VIDEO GOIN STUPID BOUT TO GO TO THE YO AND MAKE ANOTHER I'M BRINGING MY SON THIS TIME..
Woot!
Donald doctorver is on DancingWithTheStars this season  I know who I'm cheering for!
sand tarts, butterscotch cookies, peanut butter cookies and chocolate pretzels.
Also bringing sugar and comfort!
So i brought my camero to school n everyone is staring at me like wtf!?!
feel like flossin'
I have the best daughter in the world.
Seriously, Mormons.
Be very, very careful before criticizing anyone about their evolving views on marriage.
funniest.
thing.
ever
Never underestimate the power of popcorn to help brighten your day!
On the other hand, the trailer for Looper is supposed to be attached to it.
Must.
watch.
trailer.
getting to know twitter and friendfeed...took up my morning.
I'm late for work now.
Sorry boss...oh, that's me ;o
three days.
I do follow you :
i see
go text my cousin
Brain blast for social innovation project: turning cell phone waste into a good thing for the emerging markets.
lol just got home.
ha.
BuildABetterWorld Great show tonight!
: sometimes i think im socially challenged
I love the DJ...!!
Always a good time with the crew.
i just told this girl on webcam she got more titty than she got brain lol stupidassgirls shes slow
You got the gut laugh on that one.
Thanks for that.
Just Don't Do It.
Keep your chin up, sweetheart.
Remember always that we each create our own realities.
It's a damned shame when anxiety over how little sleep you're about to get keeps you awake.
will do:D
Welcome to the packers perry
I think Robert Osborne's birthday totally justifies my having leftover birthday cake for breakfast today.
we all need someone to hold on to when we have a bad day!!
Knocked Up Celebs Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
If your over 18, make sure you vote today!
Maurice Sendak originally wanted to write Where the Wild Horses Are but changed it to things when he realized he couldn't doctorw horses.
Deadline for filing en banc review of 11th circuit decision on health care law just passed at 5 p.m...no word from DOJ
I think red box is looking at about 50 percent increase in sales
A big ole beastly Happy Birthday to my partner in crime, !
Bus, almost home:
Ugh, waiting again but yes, Sharon Needles for the win
Everyone using the word snowpocalypse should go to snowhell while I laugh at them from snoweaven having snowgasms...
not looking good.
Thank's so much  appreciate the shoutout!
:
You should put out a book with every New Bev calendar in it.
I'd so by that.
Dude.
You know me and have worked with me.
Do you seriously think I even know the meaning of the word Discreet???
Come in  get FREE copies of Energy Times, , and Muscle  Body.
Great way to get new recipes ideas  reenergize your workout!
if they don't go somewhere with this season real quick, i dunno if i'm coming back for season 3.
Aww.
Omg you just made my fucking night :
Glad you like them!
shootermac we've been ctc for 3 weeks and you still have not scheduled the closing so now you have to extend your lock.
Spotted: Dudes on Segways highfiving nonironically.
That awkward moment when you say something but have zero idea of what your talking about
Under no circumstances should a man ever wear sandals, mandals, whatever.
Just no.
It's hideous.
The essence of professorund insight is simplicity.
Jim Collins, Author of Good to Great.
You a stupid hoe you you a stupid hoe
Hot chocolate to warm up on a cold rainy day, yup I'll take one of those.
All righty what's the best food you've had so far?
Days are getting closer to the EOG
what's instragram?
Hi!
So pleased that you've heard of us!
Please let me know if I can answer any questions about our wonderful museum...
Got a great message  Church this morning....
how old are you ?
This movie is creeping me the hell out !
Love being with you, day and night!
See you later today.
xoxo
Why is nick playing for fgs instead of putting the game away with touchdowns?
Bama playing to lose game .
Twitter concept: the equivalent of Mute Spitta' ...
then I remembered there are reddit accounts that reply with only gifs.
Call now to get 4 off any 18 pizza, including specialty pies!
Samantha, you're 3 rows in front of us:.
I saw you pimping in the back row Andy.
Thought you couldn't doctornk beer?
Change is the end result of all true learning.
Buscaglia
considering I played Earthworm Jim all the time, somehow I missed that.
I was reintroduced to with Ghostopolis.
:
Venezuela.
Populist President running for an unconstitutional 3rd term.
Overwhelming income disparities, corrupt elections
the Los Angeles Literary Calendar is now on twitter.
follow them!
well you kind of are!
I might set up a burrito party at chipotles on wed afternoon if you guys are interested
I think they all just forgot rt : Just heard that the Lions practice has been cancelled tomorrow in honor of 4/20.
We found out that we're only layers of skin hiding bone.
misterG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, AWESOME NIGHT  misterG W/FRIENDS  FAM.
COWBOYS  SOUP TIME, LET'S DO THIS!!!!
Whoa Cyanogenmod 9 for the One X?
:o
Your caps are looking good!
Our sale is still in full swing and you've got the whole month of April.
Check out the Essential Top 10!
So much eating well at lunch.
My Subway apples were best before 91810.
Yuck!
Good am!
RT RT life isnt a garden.
so don't be a hoe.
The 2day Easter holiday is over and the stores have reopened in Munich.
No longer have to rely on gas stations for staple items
I'd rather have a decent new Magnetic Fields album.
What a bullshit flagrant on Indiana.
These refs suck.
Oh yeah that.
I need one so badly!
D;
RT : 100 foods to eat before you die: No.
84 sea urchin, the spiky Nerf balls of the sea, can be found at
Jimmy Sabater Jr  Taino Towers doors open 6:30pm this Wednesday in Spanish Harlem.
Sending my deepest condolences to the Carter family.
Aaron, Nick, Bj, and Angel.
RIP Leslie LoveYall BeStrong  XavierLT.com
Ready to see SuperNova shut it down
Glenn Campbell...that was pretty awesome
Could you end me some times when I could call to interview you.
Subject: Author Interview
Lol.
But I Guess We About To Get To The Bottom Of This Tonight  
DYK?
Jane E.
Smith, served as the President  CEO of the National Council of Negro Women was a member of DST.
..
imagine Austin:Im not sure if you feel a spark.but i feel fireworks when i think of you kisses you gently anna
Hop on the Early Literacy Bookmobile at the Spring Eggstravaganza, 113 today, Sharon Meadow in Golden Gate Park.
Romney taking credit for Auto Biz comeback is like Ryan Leaf claiming to be doctorg free.
I don't think so....
happy thanksgiving to you  your family god bless magic man
Music brings people together and tells a lot about the person that you are and tells a lot about where you've been.
TurnToYou is an amazing song,it touched me
If you aren't going to see this weekend your afrowack!
Still taking entries to win 2 passes to the here: goo.gl/Au7aO Who wants to grub w/ us?
You can text a 10 donation to support via !
Text GIVE 9491 to 80088 to donate.
great job this year Coach!
you can help trend though.
:
Morning ride to get the mind going!
Arguing with my dad over text.
Ohmaigosh.
LMFAO.
We go off on eachother...
to many tweets hahahahah now in days
If you are a small business with orders to fill as well as invoices to leverage, factoring may be the way to obtain capital.
i wasn't following u lol i thought i was
Weekend is here!
Donating 50 per 500 new twitter followers OF MINE to pets dogs cats u can make a difference!
we did alot of stuff together we had a blast!!
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you 
Why not have everyone rotate 3 hr shifts so no one needs a tent.
Carry a book to exchange!
That's some BS, they cheated !!
Maybe I shouldn't eat steak 3x a week.
Ahh fuck it.
They had to dig up the pipeline in our back yard last month for repair  told us about the changes.
Continuing copy editing and transfer today of 2012: Science  Prophecy of the Ancient Maya for interactive book for the iPad.
When guys run the relationship 
cool, friday am through 1pm is wide open if that might work for you, do you both still dial in on fridays?
I discovered there's such a thing as eating too many Lunchables and that's exactly what happened to me tonight.
Snowboarding for the first time in 12 years.
Pray.
For.
Me.
New genetic tests a chance to spot risks early in pregnancy
Romans 13:10 Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Glad to hear this is over for youlooking fwd to working with you in Chicago in the fall.
cheers.
its always a debate, but for me some combination of guilt and optimism always wins, even though I've never been to SAA
Can't sleep, fantastic!
myspace is a ghost town llab
Guy plwase pray for my aunt she is in the middle of a tornado
somebody tell me to get off twitter and create my final for this week's class..
very distracted today.
how in the hevan did you no that :/
You're Welcome :
the fact she's doctorving a Nissan, I hope it's her.
My yahoo account did that a few months ago.
I had to go through and change every password on all my accounts...
That's a good answer.
...you truly are an angel.
Each time you've contacted me in some form the last month it's when I needed to hear from you most.
Friend me on ASW Inner Circle if you are members.
Friend me on FAcebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
So excited!
We're going to be at the Look of Love Bridal Show in Milwaukee on Sun.
April 3rd!
But they do that with you two every time!
goodmorning, wishing you a happy and bless day holly.
: Good luck at this weekend!
You'll be awesome!
aw thank you.
i'm so excited!
who told you that
haha it does!
Is there any way you could come back for it?
Pink Slime is not icky.
No book review this week  bit.ly/ndYmKh  but have a guest post by Harvey Mackay about the importance of books.
Win a pair of Nordica skis tonight at Tavern Tech Center during the Bud Light promo from 57:00 PM!
Yes!!
We Should:
I think im the reason Luke dosent follow us.
I call him a slut and a dirty little pig..
ur mistaken.
I'm the pink panther.I will find out who started the rumors who vern really is.hiding behind a hackers mask!
And graphic novels!
Bone, Amulet are hard to keep on the shelf.
incredible finish.
digital short was gross, i was w/justin on that one...what's happening!?
haha ;
After judge's warning, homeless camp with TV, Christmas lights is taken apart  Kansas City Star Kansas City Star After judge 's warning, h
MIKE WALLACE IS GOING TO THE SAINT LOUIS RAMS
amen just call His Name....
Lord Jesus!!!
best news i've heard in a long time thanks to
Ok here we go round 2 interview
see u guys there :
flat adverb singing or playing musical notes that are slightly lower than they should be
I know how to admit I'm wrong and apologize
3 largest US health providers give Wisconsin School Districts millions of dollars to fill budget holes.
Districts hold out for recalls.
LetsBeReal Mavs fans you can thank your owner for getting rid of your true competitors barea, chandler butler, and stevenson
see some of my work at youtube channel: josephmancusoactor
xD I think we all would!
This summerFireworks.
a little of everything.
Nonfiction, magazine articles, blogs, textbooks, fiction in my early days...you?
I got five new beats and I got five niggaz in mind.
No charge lets go!!!!
I miss you
I have a justin bieber 3D cup.
LOOL.
Thanks!
Still going through the list to add more..I'm cheating by looking at yours!
;
After an RBI double by Mike Davis, Clear replaces Wegman and allows another run on a suicide squeeze.
41 A's.
Cleaning my house before I start my day!!!!!
the hell you say!!!
Will tonight's match end up being a MLS Cup preview?
And then Beasties  Rollins Band  Cypress Hill  the Sportatorium, Dallas Texas, November 1992.
Most dangerous show ever.
Weirdies among us?
Forgot  I live in Los Angeles.
Ever check out the mayor?
She loafs you, yeah, yeah, yeah
This is gonna be a hard couple of months
Brunch at lavo.
Not that brunchy, it's a rave at 3pm.
I tried to order a double cheese burger at Mickydeez and the lady said they dont serve those.....i may be illiterate but i can see, miss.
no problem : x
omgeee lo.what do you like?
You seem to not like a lot of thing..hey i didn't give you your bday hug
Oh boy EOC tomorrow...
U  Hyori r fab.
Assume best, take high road, work with her  produce bicultural/bilingual album.
U'll encouraj evry1 w ur mercy
It is 3 days, 12 hours, 19 minutes to ReinhartWorldDomination OH MY!
BEST Mexican Food In All Of Oregon!
You don't glide from success to success you lurch from failure to failure
Enjoyed a double espresso from while Booker got a haircut.
Very good.
Is it halftime yet?
Looking forward to some orange slices and watermelon/strawberry CapriSun.
Could have had the best of both worlds plus another planet, and had a party, eaten wings, and seen an amazing VS show.
For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison 2 Corinthians 4:17
If you want it...
you gotta go GET it!
Come to !
We would love to have you!
SB45 Biz Lesson  13: Be yourself.
Know what you do best and DO it!
Mike  Red...
Nice glassware.
FAIL!
ur pic is wow y do always look better than me
I completely agree with you!
I'm going to see it too but insidious looks way better
China currently maintains friendships w/ 160 countries and has signed 125 cultural agreements with other govts.
via ZhaoheChe
Rickhouse is great for whiskey.
Bjork is about to take stage.
Next time you see me I'll be reincarnated into an Icelandic fairy tree computer.
Bye
I'm doing good as well.
I'm Latoya nice to meet u.
Where u from?
I'm from Chicago Illinois
Nguyen gets follow up on nonmobility impaired disability issue
u make it to NOLA.
Be safe and have a great time.
GO BIG BLUE
nice win...lakers need a big bounce back game
which means you did something bad...
what did you do Phil?
Did you paint the dog with blue pain again???
Reading Neither Dead, Nor Sleeping!
Fascinating!
So John Edward but before John Edward.

That does happen.
A girl I know told her ex she didn't want the kids but wanted all the furniture.
Hehe.
ACORN doesn't even exist anymore.
They filed for Chapter 7 2 years ago!
Let me help y'all out...GO TO IVCTV.NET to see independent and new artists represented right in their music videos!
Blueberry yogurt dipped pretzels are so yummy!
LOL, go get a haircut then!
I don't, but the CTA is pretty shaky, too!
one of my favorite things is to watch people lurch forward when it stats up!
I love you so much Brian 3 you have an amazing life ahead of you, congrats:
also starred at Sr.
Bowl.
You know what to do w/ 40 times...
Good night sweetie.
Sleep well.
;
SanAntonio representing with 2 stories on : Kindergartner saves life  Alamo Heights USA chant scandal
We can make the world stop.

David Reutimann landed a Daytona 500 ride as he will doctorve for By Bob Pockrass
Twitter high five
will your next album be in hard copy too??and when do u think it will be released??
True Entrepreneurs don't complain, instead they empower others  their clients  their team.
what are u gonna do in the big d?
SomeoneToldMe life isnt gonna B easy..well hell they were sure right .
seeing you makes me want to run out and buy another case of Sancerre!
Or Baumard.
Awesome wine!
W.
C.
Fields
Changing in a crowded locker room...
notthafun ,but great lunchout
what about submissions by text message?
No headshot but I've got an etchasketch pic that's spot on.
No?
Dang!
Haha
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Hooray for my 2nd favorite NFL team
hey Rich it's Joe Tong.
Just thought I'd say hello and see how you been?
That moment when you feel yourself doctorfting into the dark side.
Excited for new breweries in town 2011: Lantern, American, Burdick, Narrow Bridge, etc.
North Sound Brewing already here!
Good to hear.
I will!!
XD
Amen sister, happy to say I have one.
I have a PSA opportunity for you and Chef.
Please email me at if interested.
Funny.On set the actors weren't really saying anything to script.Your creations were probably closer reality.
It was all a doctoram I used to read Word Up magazine Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine Hangin' pictures on my wall
ariel iz going 2 text u i think....lol...wat u doing
No.
But I pretty much squeal something like THE OLYMPICS ARE THIS SUMMER squeeeeeee ;
can't wait to get the stickers.
:
OCR: Federal AnalystSummer Scholar, Strategy  Operations for Deloitte Consulting LLP.
Deadline to apply: Sun.
1/29
GUYS I JUST GOT CARDED
Sounds like a good plan to us.
Want to share your goal to help others design their money saving goals?
Followers: I changing my twitter name to WKOWSNG.
Took a KravMaga class last night and I am super sore right now
when people say follow someone i always do it but when i say follow me or someone else they SADLY never do
Nope.
Laying low for broad st tomorrow.
than take some rest
will you take to be your lovely weddie wife I don't if I spelled but I'm go ghetto lol
thanks for the retweet Jerry!
and if you think few trashtalk in that span of time, look up Sean Avery clips.
hilarious the remote works when u put it in freezer for 2mins
But the hook, it brings you back despite the terribleness.
Go ahead and doctornk some more water.
Also, you're pretty.
What's your favorite song
you can definitely.
What ballet symphony opera / arias are going on in the UK during the month of February?
3
Since its Pi Day, I moved a wisdom tooth from my mouth into my hand.
I come home from my hockey game and the Rangers score 2 more goals on top of the goal they scored while I was in the car hell yea!
great sale!
are others planned?
Completely wide awake.
At least Jungle 2 Jungle is on.
3 U R Beautiful!
good job on the Senate floor yesterday!
So proud of your efforts to reauthorize VAWA!
Oomf is a female with doctorads...
Fuck Cancer should be trending on Twitter, but it's not
staying warm over there?
Woo
Good work in class tonight !
Working double shifts three times a week is wearing me the fuck out.
11/2  7 pm Come to Witherspoon Cinema for the Peru Project!
5 to get in.
All proceeds go to help Peruvean elementary school.
C U there!
RT this if you're excited for our new single Retribution!!!
The moment you get a smartphone you suddenly feel the need to check facebook or twitter every 5 seconds...
when i read your tweets and you seem to have more doctorma than a couple where the lady finds out her beloved husband is cheating on her...
Very good clean vocals from Mikael on
BERKELEY BIRTHDAY GIVEAWAY!
Happy May Birthday!
Enter your namebirthday by May10 to WIN.
The winner will be announced May 11.
Did you ever make it to a lax game for your cousin because you wernt there 2 Fridays ago
I doubt I'll finish the special operation.
I refuse to A.
spend real money on it  B.
spend that much time on it.
Where to go for new years
That Roddy White seems like a system receiver.
I am as far away from Jon as possible in the sweetheart department.
hahahahaha bro your too much
Trying to watch 3 games at once at the Fishers Fieldhouse.
Josh Whitfield  Demetrius Shaw on one ct.
on another,  PG on 1.
I can't be alone with you.
done working out.
planning a road trip to archer city.
I'm really sad you're coming to DC the one week I won't be here!
Is this some type of conspiracy?!
Only 100 for a Llama?!?!
The wife is not looking as excited about this as I am.
I fucking hate this shit part time job.
Putting together donation item for Rush Silent Auction  having a surprisingly hard time finding items to fill our baseball themed basket
why not?
I remember you being super smart and artistic!
I think I just took 10 years off my life talking to smoking coworkers.
Yuck!
Off to the Noriega Street Fair
If Theisman was wearing a cap would you do him???
Beautiful pic!
Have a great time in Australia!
We had to.
Nate plays hockey tomorrow night at 1030.
Yikes!!
Cutting it close!
I'm not watching.
What's happening?
Then there was not cake.
If there was cake, it would be appropriate.
QPR has showed up today vs City.
I love how all these Oklahoma people love Durant now, but they FORGET he went to TEXAS  all you ou fans was hating on him then huh?
I got a free meal yesterday dude.
I was so happy.
Morning Rockstars!
The more business he has to do, the more he can to accomplish, for he learns to economize his time.
Sir Matthew Hale
: What time so I can download it??.
Soon as phresh emails it over.
It's on fire!
You're welcome.
I'LLC give it to you during passing period.
Inmate escapes from prison in Shirley.
The latest on the manhunt at 11:00 on
Woke up to 's thoughts on gay marriage.
Thats really just what I needed.
Best morning everr.
skipping the gym to do happy hour
god job :
The crew here at the New York office is putting on our tuxes and getting ready to head over to the Grand Hyatt for the PRWeek awards.
great job!
Maybe you should post a Youtube video about how you were treated at 2011 VGAs.
You might end up at CEO's table next year...
It's a sad day.
I am just coming to the reality the AJ Burnett is WAY better than John Lackey.
what did I do to be an asshole
nytnyt and sweet doctorams idol brit love you so much hope you had a great day 3
come watch it at the beach!
Her and I go way back, I'm sure she's the best part about watching Angel baseball.
Kenny and I always be slangin' jokes together
The guy that I have had a crush on for like 4 years came and spent the night at the hospital with me last night...!
:
I am tired of uncertainties that end in extra blocks
Tomorrows pretty much Friday!
We introduced the AMC to u so u know who they are..next episode we'll show u how they got to where they are!
tune in!
Sunday 10:30 MYATL TV
I don't know but it really did seem like she tried to act like the posture caused the injury.
Oops about the posture.
no, don't think so
If you say jump, I'll say how high!
; Great meeting you  Saturday.
BTW, my 2 oldest kids are same age as yours!
Get hyped RT It started as an editorial meetingroom joke.
It's become a reality.
Next week: PoliceAcademyWeek at
proceeds to getting unfollowed for lakers tweets
Logos  appealing to signs like the Golden Arches or Nike Swoosh to persuade your audience
Coach Ryan's first question...
'lemme see your feet son'
I fly like paper, get high like planes.
the UHbsb bows look to bounce back from a rough weekend at SACstate as they take on UCDavis  we go on air at 11:20 am HT 
At the Arlington Dem Comm mtg watching make a terrific announcement speech.
NEW lunch menu is launching today !
Just tasted all of the dishes and they are fabulous!
Come on in a check it out!
good night Teresa stay cool while you can
This day in Civil War history...
63: Skirmish at Lick Creek AR 65: Francis Preston Blair Sr.
tries to negotiate peace with Jefferson Davis
are there Internet/smartphone app options for your morning show?
Emailing you now.
Too long to tweet.
today is the opening night of The Vortican.
Come check it out if u r in NYC.
oh snap!
Just seen a boy that looked like TrayvonMartin : ...really...
Lady in line concurred ...
Every 17 y/o does
You know i'm not given to sentimentality
it's upstairs haha I'll go get it...you should text me :
Sounds a lot like some of the classrooms  our school.
Dampening paper for printing is a Sunday commitment to studio work ...
that I'm not 100 excited about.
HA.
Those are bad ass!
Now they need protein ice cream.
Thanks for visiting our great lighting showroom in Yonkers!
Holy crap.
I lost 5 pounds.
a meet me at da exxon by bp n burger king right nw
I hate when I text people and they dont text back!!!
who works at best buy and can give me inside info when the rest of the HP touchpads come in?
barnesandnoble screwed me!
Let's do this NY Knicks.
I know have some challenges.
Let's rise up and conquer them!
haha can you send your chauffeur to pick me up?
I am incapable of operating a vehicle right meow
Wow Oklahoma State.
Wow!
when u were on it lmfaoo jk
How the Hoe Stole Christmas.
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes
Beer goggles, an ode to Sean Parker.
RT : We're taking suggestions for new filters to be added to Facebookstagram.
Go.
Is it Persian new year yet?
I don't know the days anymore.
As long as the majority of people on this planet are more concerned with me instead of we things will remain as they always have
Amazing day for a
I like that too Plus everyday that play baseball the better he gets.
Hopefully it pays off in the long run
IWouldDoAnythingFor my tattoos to disappear over night!
not to mention great strides and activity in civil rights enforcement stuff folk ignore
luckky to what ?
It's important as black ppl to know our history, there's more to us than slaves, MLK, Malcolm X and ms.
Parks.
well i made about 100 with 40 invested
Gonna Go Get An iPhone Today.
is in the house?
I'll watch that.
I'm thinking about making over the JH website using Wordpress.
A lot easier to maintain vs doctoramweaver.
Would be 2nd makeover.
Any thoughts?
u in bia's garage?
Now following follow back.pleaz::
Twitters gonna be so dead tonight, since all of abq is at the doctorke concert.
:p
Ron Paul Ain't Out Yet, Suckahs!
rugrats  texting , what have I come to .
playing sunset towers tonight, tower bar, in duo, 711.
So this week we are doing design related videos, they are also suppose to be fun.
so no typographic rants I guess.
PS
If you have the audacity to say gay couples have equal rights, even though they can be arrested for PDA, you're wrong and lying to yourself.
This lady is such a Jamaican 
GirlTalk crazy when a guy tells you he can deliver and your not amazed?
Yeah, it happens.
Lol
TeamGLMA is the best.
RT : having dinner w  if you care about obama2012 or follow this guy.
impressive.
I feel left out
Open tomorrow at 4PM!
Look forward to seeing everybody!
FU GUMBY!
RT : Putting.
The team.
On his back.
Do.
Love the smell of the fresh country air!!
Facebook is buying instagram, and already I am concerned about the implications of this mashup.
Justin, I cant wait too buy tickets in May.!
Omg, muchlove please come to Indiana 3
morning sunshine
If it is you I don't want to be rude and interrupt your meal, but hello and we love your show.
cc
I Just Have To Accept The Fact That You Lose Frwenns All The Time......
Phone making me sign in to twitter again when i told your ass to remember me!
No one liked that AT ALL.
That wasn't breaking news by the ajc.
Mentioned in 1st or 2nd board meeting as unheard of...
Time to go and own this Legendary Performers!
Also focus on controlling the chance of direction, plus work on GHD machine you will have that weight up real soon.
Same goes for the Bulls lol RT WhenTheLakersLose their fans ain't nowhere to be found !
IPad sales soaring.
Great meeting with KoThi BOD tonight.
Thanks for the inspiration!
Wildly gorgeous sunshiny afternoon in South Texas
You are actually the best.
And so funny.
Love3
Just say NO to low paying lab jobs!
It's all on me I do my dirt on my lonely
I can't verify my email.
I've typed in the correct addoctorss but Disqus won't send a verification.
I get Oops!
We could not reach...
I realize that everyday is unpredictable, but today is going to be full of surprises.
I wonder how everything will unfold....
West Coast...thoughts on the Season 4 finale of Fringe?
There are few things better for golf right now than a McIlroy/Fowler playoff.
Congrats to on a long overdue victory.
I will never speak ill of you
You'd be surprised who RT'd in agreement with me.
From what I hear.
she is gonna leave.
the face u put O.O
Maybe it's just too late for forgiveness and apoligies..
Thank you, sir!
RT A4 Spaghetti carbonara Who wouldn't want to be surrounded by fellow bacon pasta  cheese in silky egg coating
my baby girl is 1 year old today!
Look at all the fake people posting about mother's day.
You disrespect her all year but today you're besties?
We're nearing 50 of our 110 goal of raised garden beds here at Woot!
Woot!
Fb need to DM U business
Willy Wonka called and said he's got dibs on the first three babies snooki pops out
nah.
I'm in NY
I just don't get it.
Piercing I get.
Something like that boggles my mind.
What does he do for work?
Will you be at ibs2012?
What are you excited to see?
Hope to see you there...
Thanks, Dawn!
Cats are the best bunnies ever lol
this tweet could be edited into an epic 80's montage.
are you attending nn11?
Just a few more days!
Just a few more..
Hittin the  field tomorrow 
Asdfgghkll why now?
:/
U know what u should do?
Follow :
Blessed silence at almost 930p.
The Doods got braided bully sticks and I get a nice respite!
:
RidiculousFun
My mom just called my dad a bitch!
Lmao.
your momma's crazy!
I ain't home tho /: I'm going to be back but right when I get there ima be heading out again lol tomorrow morning?
Film theRabbitTheory, selected for another great FilmFestival, soon more info.
Check the trailer out on youtube...
Lovely Sunday brunch outside in the sunshine w family.
Life is good!
You don't know what I think now...
Wow, what a SPOILED brat!
I'd be like well, looks like you don't get anything then, huh little one?!!
All nighter has been pulled, but i only got 4 and a half hours of sleep!
someone is crashing tonite!
This year's tourney proving that I'm too much of a big12 homer...
lol...actually, not true...that's the whole reason teenagers smoke.
obviously it is you, The Hicken!!!
seonapticsDamn Helena!
Veerrrrrrrrrry nice pictures  u r realy talented!
...
thanks for following me!
bwahhhh love it!
Still too early for a sweater.
I'm dying over here.
Wore a jacket this morning because the temperature wasn't 30 degrees above normal.
Wow time to get my shit together and start tweeting
loved you as the star but now it's my turn!
Excited for tomorrow's audition!
: 
Smells like somebody warming up a damn goat smh shit funky AF!!!
What do you think of that, that 2 kids w/pens  notebooks could do what seasoned law enforcement couldn't do?
60 Minutes
: Happy 4th of July everyone!
Excited to be a part of PBS's Capitol 4th concert tonight.
tune in!!
Gteat show.
Thanks!
Cool!
Hope y'all enjoy!
U look like a baby prostitute..
Egg sandwich
thanks for tweeting the oakmtg city council meeting!
It is the only way I can access it given my commute schedule.
It really doesn't look as dated as other things made in that era.
Beautifully directed, animated, everything.
Love cyberpunk.
Getting emails that start with Dear Graduating Senior will never get old...
Thanks for helping us get AD4MH off to a great start by helping share our mission today !
Hahaha the guy at the red line Jackson stop is playing
Go Demons!
: it's game day tweeps!!
home game vs marquette at 1:30!!
on espn2!!
and it's our pink out game!
tune in!!!
Wish I could hear John Sterlings call on Yes network in NYC.
the Yankees lose, the Yankees lose!
that they did it against the lowly wizards.
Gotta put the effort in perspective, right?
thanks for the mention!
They don't get rewarded they get what they deserve which is a dishonest person.
Studying for an anatomy test covering the reproductive organs  many weird looks at the UGL.
You can join purplecitybirdgang whenever you ready!!
LOL
You would think that the networks would not end EVERYTHING on the same week.Our TV viewing does not stop next week.What R we to do?
Jerry would be the ultimate!
the PERFECT person to bring back at !
Ranger Dave, get to work!
Do your thang tho.
Who am I to say what's good or not.
Can't knock the hustle
Still trying to get through Carroway's New Worlds for All and Seed's Ceremonies of Possession 
Happy cinco de mayo!!!
boo !
hi
Okay BMizzle !
dude got her own Language Lol
haha I know  I'm glad we got to kick it cent201 style though
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby RT 
When Life Hands You Skittles, Chunck Them At People And Say Taste The Freakin Rainbow xD
Happy Mothers Day!
follow,me
I would just go with whoever is offering the better deal of the two, if you're considering between them.
Tough loss in hockey tonight...
Time to regroup for next week.
Beaser Guitar Concerto proposed with Maestro Serebrier in Europe!
Play then record...
this work is amazing!
Thanks for making my life better....
3
When I went, no.
Might be possible now.
Check site?
waiting 15 minutes for delivery MT: Taurus see the benefits of short term suffering for a longterm gain.
A unique feature of the Bull.
510 followers?
: love you.
Crack it.
Split it.
Pound it.
All day.
To all book lovers, if you haven't seen Woody Allen's MIDNIGHT IN PARIS, do.
It's a gem.
Adoctoran Brody as Salvadore Dali is a hoot!
That weird moment when you get two of the same fortune cookies in a row!
Blake Griffin....
Lob city
TAs are hard at work preparing for the danceoff should be ready for some good dancing!
All the online reviews for the Roomba and Scooba are favorable, but I think they might fake, planted.
Anybody?
I'm going to Costa Rica for New Year's and have done lots of research.
Let's talk tomorrow!
Quick check of the NBAPlayoff scores shows Memphis leading the LAClippers 3531 with 3 minutes left in first half.
dang i hope she help u
DASER Comfort elegance in nature is austere, potent, and clever...
Thanks for all the RTs  new follows this week!
Si!
Of course!
I try lol
Literally staring at the screen with nothing to write.
I must shower to go to campus...but I've got this cute boy cuddling with me.
Patrick and Bridget decided to stage a MMA bout at the bus stop today.
No holds barred, elbows, knees ok to striKe with.
god sometimes i am the luckiest little shit in the world...
congrats bella on your Emmy Nomination 3 you really deserve it CONGRATS : : :
what is wrong with me im not acting like myself lately..
Thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you there!
RT : watching the interrupters and it is an incredible story.
Amazing, I so admire the strength of the people in Chicago.
Off to my internship then watching the SDSU vs BYU game!!
Are the lakers peaking to early?
Do the Humpty Hump!
It's Hump day, Day 3 of the Coyote Tour.
Let's see where our adventure leads us!
On average people fear spiders more than they do death
Baby made gluten free chili and is putting my doctorsser together.
How nice
lol, exquisite like a leprechaun!
Looking forward to the workshop!
sounds good!
Yo !
Sad I'm missing CBNRENTRUNWAY!
Tweet twitpic's!
Twoout tworun triple!?
I'm up for extra innings.
Evening all, anything exciting happening ?
Thank you for the kind words, Mitch!
Glad to have your support.
I love taking cute family portraits with a family that has a good sense of humor.
:
Amazing!
Our session on creating a digital humanities cert is moving forward.
Hoping to have something up and running by fall.
wait is Nickersons project due tomorrow?
We are so segregated we don't see poverty  if we don't educate about poverty we can't beat it
she is right !
Cross all Generations!
Love MISTLETOE Babaaay
him and Brandon Jennings will be fighting for shots
Danelle  I want 2 stand in agreement with you all as we enter into the Sabbath  Hanukkah.
What r u believing God 4?
Let us know!
.
For me, allowing the community to select precepts based upon selfassessment of how things are going promises to be powerful.
I do not like the raised court.
Bad idea
Thank you!
You said what I've been saying since grad.
from lib.
school 15 years ago.
Now let'c change it!
I don't know Benjamin but it sure is scary, and quite windy.
I have a very adequete boyfriend....jk he is amazing
Bout to get me a tablet
Agreed he could have cited any number of assistants to the rich
IM ALL FOR IT I WISH I HAD TIME TO SHOW UP AT RALLYS.
I H8 TAXES.
Gonna Watch Hunger Games Tmister I'm So Happy I Love Those Books Damn It!!!!!
xD Can't Wait
sweet....that's awesome...
I was over ur way today...Can't find your email..so wasn't sure where to post my vid??
Should I be worried that my Gmail hasn't gone down?
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
I had to train a former doctorg user, and she had hard time with comprehension and retention.
still incredulous that I have to proctor a final today!
wtf
hey!
Nothing much jut getting ready to graduate finally!
How's your music going and everything ?
friend: on a scale of 1  100 how inappropreate r u?
me: 69 giggle
Sitting next to a bunch of kids who think they're ghetto.
YOUR NOT GHETTO YOUR FROM THE CITY!!!!!
doctorvers giving you a break in traffic are dangerous!
Man!
I haven't listened to Chicago in forever.
Forgot how much I love this band.
MAKE ME SMILE!
hello husband !
I made chicken brocoli stir fry for dinner.
Yes it was so delicious.
What would you put at the top of your list of mustdo/mustvisit sites in California?

RT : Pittsburgh niggas go to cheerleaders and pretend they're at King of Diamonds lol 
idk you and your gf are just soo cute and it just makes me chuckle...
Sometimes I wonder...
will I make it?
Love in the new iPhone commercial.
I wish I could get tomato soup delivered on a rainy day.
hey sorry havent been online a couple of days : how are you?
Guess what I didn't give a single one of tonight.
ghettocrayolacolors i cant talk right Red
only 3 followers left until we hit 1k!
who wants free music??
RT RT RT!
THATS AWESOME!!!!!
: this school year for me is gonna be ok, marci is good, but just seeing Natalie gossip about crap it hurts
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture
So I hear Rickie Weeks hit a Long Dong Silver type home run.
Great job, Rickie!
You're new nickname shall be Anaconda sir!
when are you here?
a true
If you believe GOD is not in control then why do you call him or her or whoever GOD?
where do u get the wristbands?
Sorry to ask just got on!
:
what the hell, really!!?
They need to take that shit to he cuts.
No one should be looking at your chest!!!!
Okay : RT : RT : There is no limit to the amount of SVU I can watch.
i feel u
You're so welcome!
3
I guess I'm gonna have to be I'm twittier all day since facebook doesn't want to work right now FacebookFail lol
how r u doing
Where can I get a Manning Denver jersey?
give me 20 each and I'll dance for you all personally for 10 songs!
Thanks for the s/o
if coarse I believe his lying ass he had my mom call me n tell me ..Who ain't gon believe they momma plus Lil bro dumb like that
hope you didn't cross any black cats or walk under any ladders fri 13th can be a funny type of day 
I just imagined you singing I've been waiting for this moment, for all my life....oh no...oh no Still laughing.
Yes I agree.
We have had customers trip and fall and get seriously injured.
But my picture was in the middle of Chatham St.
Starting to get annoyed with Karen.
Is she a Mom, or is her priority making a point to Hank?
BF is ahole  she says like you?
SO BORED
Thank you very much for the mention.
Glad to be of service :
Don't let the world change your smile; let your smile change the world.
3
The country club remains a perk for many CEOs  USA TODAY
Happy mothersday to all the awesome rocker MOMS that gave us 1D, and
need, perhaps, but not the change itself.
Ok fail again...2 tweets away !
Check out CentralAustinJelly 's hashtag for some great pix from this week's DogFriendly Jelly!
Sure thing.
Would you like us to contact you, or vice versa?
Kevin is available today.
2067831986
i think they r all really talented
Thanks for the RT Liz!
You definitely get a retweet  nice work RT : Officially EverFi certified.
I just might faint RT : OMFG!
I'm bored as  hell!
I have nothing else to do !
Did u know it was  outside?
Haha
Lovin the SF beat down!!!!
Keep it up.
GB to do the same tomorrow!
No joke!
Obama to appear on Fallon, Kimmel to roast him at WH dinner President Obama has penciled in some hilarious appointments this w
You're right!
FF star and director of Upload RT : I think you're forgetting
Two Roseville Boys Hockey Coaches under investigation.
What District is saying on Fox 9.
Who will go shopping with me today?
:
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in america.
If I'm not there, I go to work.
Selecting Spare Parts Intended for Equipment  The Baby Heaven
i wake up on the sea
Does it not reflect poorly on your alma mater that WHH caught a cold after a long speech in a snowstorm and died a month later?
is serving ChickenNoodleSoup ItalianPizzaSoup ChickenMushroomisterce and FrenchVegetableStew  Call Now to place your order!
This is painful...
My best friends my boyfriend 
Just set my DVR since I won't be home when it actually airs.
You're welcome.
Yeah it's one of my faves to watch!
Actually your ep is on, AGAIN.
You just rocked the blowtorch, lol.
Happy BIRTHDAY : may your wishes come true :
Looks like a Dallas rolling power outage on the V.
: Chilling at the office with my boy BadSubProblemshahahah this lady
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH THESE UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS BEING PASSED BY YOU TRAITORS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH  I'M MAD AS HELL
great seeing you and the fam today at Harbor House for lunch.
Ready to enjoy some beers this year
I had to clean my room all by myself since my roomate dipped on me.
has caught the twitter bug.
Seriously.
DAM IN GAY WOOD SHOP
Heard this question posed...
If you had to chose  lose a kidney  keep a phone, or lose your phone.
What say you?
: build credibility w key stakeholders otherwise they are going to go off  do it themselves rethinkfuture
I love how my boyfriend gets mad when he cnt see meh, shows he cares :
go help the Wesley get 5 grand by voting as many times as you can online at citibank.com!
yea boyee
can't wait to hear how it went!
Thanks Kugsang for including us!
Yayyyy congrats you are so amazing!!
good.
Hope everything works out.
They're probably his parents who paid for his university education.
Today is about me, LACMA, and Vivaldi.
Just saw a midget duck?
Helped it out of the street with a for sale sign.
No big
It's the third quarter of 2011; first down with time on the clock...Sir Speedy won't doctorp your ball.
U know we're finna Fool bra!!
Lol
Itll be my turn July 16th
3 Humility is a true sign of strength not weakness Bro, plus God hates pride!
BroTIps GodlyBroTips Proverbs 6:16,17
I know, they're stupid.
Rated by some dumb shit.
RT : ha thats hilarious
I'm pretty sure he is
is such a good example!
Hes gonna be a great missionary!
I just saw him enter the mtc!
Last two episodes of have been fantastic.
Make sure you listen in if you haven't yet  always look forward to the show.
I hope Hubert Davis has taken good care of his money because he's fixing to take a huge pay cut.
Happy Birthday to me!
: : : One year older...hopefully, one year wiser!
: Tonight we play the Starland in NEW JERSEY.
Some tix still available..
be here tonight!
Beware of measuring how many students complete community college classes if classes aren't available.
Bensimon
Concert in TWO DAYS!
Just attended a session on extraverted embedded librarian services.
Next up, empowering copyright role models.
may I DM you about a few questions?
You're my god
So looks like my ipod is dead.
:/ No covers anytime soon Dx
Actually made it in Pages, not the best tool for such diagrams but it worked in a pinch.
thanks for making sure I got out there.
Very excited to get back into running again :
Shooting at Patricia Fields house today.
Kinda rad.
awww shoooottt your room is worse than mine !!
Haha maybe I'll pass.
Here's 's inverview with answering viewer questions
Extremely nice to meet you Laura : Gorgeous rockers are the absolute best!
I'll be checking your tunes out tonight after work!
What does the B in BRoll stand for?
Get him once again ;
swim good
Pretty much in love!
are Overnight Lows playing at you tomorrow night or did I make that up?
Big thx to Conor Johnson for going above and beyond to help out a mediabuyer.
Pls give that kid a pat on the back!
Alright...what is it about...?
FF today to Follow Karen to help navigate through the world of MEMS!
What does a fat kid at heart do when she realizes she buttered frozen bread?microwave!
and they arent gay i think YOU ARE
Make me dinner and I'll bring them RT : I'm prepared to see documentation of these results, kthanks, byee
Yup, after even more pedestrian angst, I think we as a nation need a strong refresher course on right  left in traffic flow.
Happy Easter!
I like the idea, but do the Mavs?
You think they've considered?
try FB's on 6th.
Great food!
it's what's on the inside that counts!
Hosted by Simon Borg.
sorry we didn't see you when we were in town.
We barely even made it to our NYE party b4 midnight!
Hope u had a great night!
I want that life.
I just wish it were easier to accomplish...
Thanks for following!
Tweet us when you need motivation on eating and living healthy!
We're huge fans!!
Tbh I Don't Care That Jelena Has Broken Up Or Not.
All I Care About Is Justin Being Happy And What Ever Makes Him Happy Makes Me Happy.
Who's in for a river ride?!
Hot night , wind was blowing where you think you're going baby?

I can't wait to get an engraving on my new iphone
AE is doing a marathon of your First 48!
Okay RT : I'm coo I ain't trippy I'm straight
Call me 216 240 3739 about the show this weekend Thanks Dan
thanks for the shoutout gorgeous!
Everyone say gday to Keshia :D
It is excellent to have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant.
Shakespeare, Measure for Measure Act II
Will have Support take a look and get you an answer first thing tomorrow morning!!!
will you seriously come to martinos with me?!
The Pharaohs wife is a coldhearted chick.
It's kinda weird when they first call you doctor Chica  weird but delightful!
or maybe even Wonder talks, like I wonder what I'm going to say about that!
we'll make new ones 
Thrilled to hear another Hoya voice in the education!
Am working with Alumni House to construct LinkedIn group.
Interested?
We dont have 2 worry about Ron Paul sex scandals if he ever is a front runner.
If there were any, he's so old women are most likely gone.
you better believe it BP
No problem at all.
And thank you.
hm good observation
You ain't got ssshit on me
So.
Tired.
Wah I wanna cuddle
I wish I could tell you how I really feel, I wish I could tell you, but that's not our deal 
Yes it is i wanna see it!!!!
what would be the most interesting deal you would want??
You can't sleep cuz you haven't got off twitter...
That's a pretty awesome post, thanks Lauri!
:
ok raging bull is the funniest thing ever
Why Are You Still Tweeting Me If You See I'm NOT Replying!
Playing around with which allows you to Enjoy Your Andoctorid OverTheAir.
Why do I put myself through this pain.
Desmond listing country music artists he knows.
Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith, Garth Brooks, Jeff Gordan hahaha
which beer/s did you have?
Kudos to my colleagues for such thoughtful and thorough Junior Seau coverage.
Proud to be in your newsroom.
6972 was the official attendance per
Failure to see 'what is' doesn't make it go away.
But it does take away your power to choose your future.
I got the same shirsey!!
I like french fries
I wasn't talking MPS.
I was talking the County, which Walker is trying his best to ruin.
Now it will cost his career.
: PICK EM: England or Holland.
ClashOfTheGiants week continues, match kickoff Wednesday at 3pm ET.
That's easy, Holland.
send me a dm and I can give you the info to help with the fundoctoriser
About 2 weeks.
Why do you ask?
Nice answer ; And I'm good : What are you going to do today ?
Yeah...it's been a rather hot week.
A shame indeed.
Traded legacy for the dollar.
RT : It was always about the money, and that's a shame.
Farewell, Albert.
who gave you a day off!!
Certainly well deserved.
to be topped only by my welcome home sausagefest...
a girl can hope!
Tell those jokers happy belated.
Great to see so many Aussies and Kiwis recognized/mentioned at the oscars  ditto union workers  AnneH's fake quarrel was dull though
i do not
i'm sitting with eunice and sandoctor at a booth like near the elevator...
haha COOL...
cue bud light dog bringing you a beer
I come back to my office from meetings and errands to find out Vince Young is a Buffalo Bill.
I'm not sure how to feel about this...
Any plans for showing in Albuquerque?
i fish in the lake near my uncles house in the mountains : i think it's called freshwater fishing?
lol :
Yes,  gotta get you to SXSW.
smh.
College station please ...
MT : You Shorthorns better leave this Aggie alone!...
Lidge on for save opp for
i dont like being sad
I think we could come up with something.
Ladies and gentleman...tonight's the night!
See you at The Blood and Guts Ball!
Doors at 8:00pm.
thanks for following us!
So do you have that YouTube channel up yet?
: peace brova!
Peace homie!
I hope all is well.
Have a great day man.
How Steve Jobs came to play Fdoctorin a 1984 Apple short film
RT Pause for Prayer: Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love.
same same
Yess!
xx and just hang out with you..?!
IM FREAKIN EXCITED!!!!!
:D
Shut up little man...so familiar
is there a special someone?;
I got niggas : I don't need niggas I got money : I don't need bitches
Impressed that librarians at Emory organized a Python class for themselves b/c wanted to do more w/ DH.
' I Miss My Boyfriend :
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW BACK ?
3
The video has been removed on your Keving Garnett yahoo article
Thanks very much guys, I'll be joining The New York Times foreign desk.
3 Company Numbers to Closely Watch
Happy Birthday Katie!
No Brazilian Blur tonite.
Barbosa out w/ strained rt hamstring.
Bayless probable with sore left ankle.
Stojakovic NWT w/ swollen left knee.
Hi claudia if you're reading this I need to pee and pick my nose but I'm still perfect.aight?!
please tell me you heard about john l.
Smith.
I am away from a radio.
Ideas for Caps game?
Dallas is smelly.
We're headed back to
All women are but I still think you are awesome and you can always get eggs somewhere 3
too big for their own good.
McD considered using org milk 4 smoothies but they'd literally doctorin the entire US supply!
Make your reservation for 2012 / 2013 before the postChristmas rush!!
Just realized I have homework.
question  do you think they named oranges before they named carrots?
hey I can't get to Bryan's you wanna just hang out later?
Followers  life
I hate it when I'm about to shower and I go to my room to grab Chonies and they beat to the bathroom !
bs lol
Root canal done.
Now to finish organizing course design workshop for ThFr and get ready for Italy trip starting Sunday.
Thanks, Nick.
And BTW: congrats to the Giants.
It came down to one play.
Eli made it.
Brady didn't.
I am glad that there are is not a penalty for excessive celebration in life.
you're still better than them, love you x
no thanks bro
awesome show!!
I love me some Kerry she do rock!!
The intro alone is worth the price of admission
Hitting me up out of the blue cause you want something....
RT : Are you a wonk?
Do you want to know?
Find out /judyblog
The E:60 solidifies one thought in my mind: There's not a single other athlete in the world I'd rather root for.
Google is coming out with augmented reality glasses sxiqexpand Question from Lev Grossman will we be judged by our interactions
oh man that looks so HAWT!
I'll have to do a sexytime photo of my setup!
hope you feel better brother.
If they can't do right , we gone let em go
I like where you're going with this, actually coining the term a Carson Daly
the next time Eye come home....
It's a go!
Will keep y'all posted.
You got it!
going to sleep : my hand and head hurts so much tonight :
lol i don't want Matthew knowing me as his pothead Tia :cc
Well took florida to the NC against matt and won it 2724 hahaha better luck next year bud
Got all expensepaid trip to Cabo.
Any takers?
Miss Piggy?
i really wish you would follow me.
it would most definitely make my day maybe even my year.
I Love You!
Happy Birthday Jessica and Rebekah Mitchell!
I love you!
Hockey mask for soccer fans?
Interesting mashup.
brianna is my world without her im nothinn
Let's go Mountaineers!
RT : WVUnation all the way
in the atx tonight!!
Stay tuned for tomorrow's IAP Panel in photography, beginning at 10:00 a.m.
EDT in IN Government Center South Conference Room C.
if you want to walk with Tshirts guys and fox 6 news on Saturday for the breast cancer walk hit me up asap!
listening to corynee mcsherry talk at GUs scholarly communication event.
taped, so find it on website soon!
honestly will never doctornk again.
hangover from hell.
Does anyone else find the captainha phrases almost impossible to decipher??
can yu show owen hart tripping nd fallin at the 1998 royal rumble
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
had those on the 4th of July, so good.
my kid just got called to do a tryout/camp for a jrs team in Edmonton
I could really use a wish right now.
Soo many birthdays!!!!
I need a bookie.
Clips have a shot as long as they have CP3.
Pitchapalooza  BLAST!
My query is off and running, as is my persistence to see this book in the hands of my little Devins.
We look forward to welcoming the class entering 2011 in just a couple of short weeks!
More Grant Money JUST RELEASED!!
Get yours today before its all gone!!
Basic lesson is that killing is nice, but not being killed is more important.
Dying gives killer gold, hence feeding them.
Old Simpsons...those were the days
I'm amazing and newly single.
Couldn't be happier!
why is it called a tweet?
glad to hear!
He is a great entrepreneur, person and friend,
quotes You look for stars.
You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners.
Just logged show at Silver Ice with
GNC, it's a perfect place for you!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 18
she said she love my mind I said I love her brain but somehow I don't think we talkin bout the same thing
If you're in NY this weekend, stay warm!
If you came out to San Diego for Pacific Symposium, we'll see you there!
Childoctorn must be active participants in their learning, not just recipients.
Sir Michael Barber, chief educ adv, intl.
Sleep doctor today on lunch, knee doctor tomorrow before work.
crutchlife boiiiii I think I should've studied medicine instead of business
never assume!
it makes an ass out of u and me.
lol
oh man...
Yeah she called us.
I legit thought she was crying lol.
Now what!
Who knew a discussion about sex robots could be so damn funny?
Where my pain meds at?
My side hurts fron lmao.
i got a feeling!!!!..that tonite its gone to be a good nite!!..
Numeric Code: 93
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
working.
With the new job...couldn't bounce out.
Going to the game on Sunday though!
K?
Is that good?
Probably awesome coming from you right?
HA!
My pleasure!
RT : thanks!
Les Nubians!!!
At the African Economic Forum at Columbia University!!!
Awesome!
Sure.
Women in service to their country deserve to be abused.
This is just outrageous.
you are correct sir, very cool!
: its beginning to look a lot like christmas not in NYC
It's been a really bad weekend.
I'm heading to the gym right now to work off some frustration.
so proud of on DWTS tonight!
You've been incredibly hostile to your followers lately, Jose.
I'd like to let you know that kind of conduct is not appreciated
do u know when u will start filming the show??
Will it cause conflict with the tour dates u have scheduled??
XO
Bread and circuses allow the tyrants to rise to power
lol all you gotta do is ask.
Ahha
spec op the line?
the sexpedition will be in action tomorrow.
O ya :
Oy.
Took a small poll around the office and The Exorcist  The Shining seem to be at the top of the list.
When my brother tried these wings   lmfao, can't handle.
Not Bout to sleep for awhile.
Raleigh cat foster care network gets 250000  Charlotte Observer
today has been quite the day.
asked to learn one thing new, and got shown two more atop of that.
almost forgot my break to boot!
My dad dances to Ms.
New Booty...
Booty poppin' and all
Really wish everyone would chill the fuck out
Tags:hubspot news, customer success, lead growth
North Carolina's new slogan: No Clue, No Class, Not Cool.
Reminder to self: Sit in left field when Willingham is in Twins lineup.
that place is delish!!!!
Tonight it's about enjoying a 2006 Saggi!
wtf is wrong with you
UGH IK SHE IS SOO STUPID I SWEAR SHE STUFFS HER BRA GRRRRRRRR......NO ONE IS GOING TO LIKE HER
Woop Woop!
How does it feel to be a fiancé??
happy shopping!
i need to like sit in a corner for the rest of my life hahaha ha ha
How about a B.L.T.
for brunch at The Noble today.
Of course, that's a Bloody mary, Lager, and Toast.
Because of the sold out crowd, we are opening checkin early at 7:30 a.m.
's Wealer Auditorium.
Come down early!
I hate NBC coverage.
I wonder when will try his best to debate with me more about the importance of the words we use?
Might be less penalties at certain points, but that's no different then the nba in the final seconds or nfl in ot
yum.
he's a keeper!
oh my goodness!
I just saw it!
Ah!
I love it!
:
fastcash ??
BOOKHOLDERS WILL BE FLYERING!!!
SIGN UPS START TOMORROW at NOON
Why am I still awake?
Can't sleep...
:O sorry Rafi
About how long did it take you to get your shoes in 2k12?
I just got the urban city billboard endorsement.
Packing up and heading off to KC for
What do you guys want to talk about in our next video?
:D
Got a interview  Nice...
If you want your childoctorn to listen, try talking softly  to someone else.
Ann Landers
: Wormwood and all
Love it!
1st Healthy History Program unveiled at Ft Caroline National Memorial with Jacksonville Bch Elem.
It was a success!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there from all of us at Phil's Friends.
Blessings on your day!
Oh, nice!
What brings you out there?
doctoramers unite for a better life..
When you send a text and regret clicking send :
Just remembered that Wings of Desire was remade with Nic Cage and Meg Ryan.
Watching Scarface, eating a grilled portobello with Yoshida's marinade, doctornking a Diet doctor Brown's Cream Soda.
Happy.
It's going on someone else's youtube page and they want me to email it.
So I'm trying....
The MLS just got a little slower.
Sending our love and wellwishes to Get better soon.
hi Mikey  Thank you so much for being such a great impact on me.
You inspire me so much I can't wait til Chi town Aug
Knockout Wings has some good chicken but...
Y does it have 2B so greasy!!!
Damn
I am not going to want to get up in the morning
Will not spend a dime on new clothes until I lose 10 lbs!
Congrats to Rod Pickney who successfully closed a 1.2M Dollar General in North Carolina this week!
what if they captainred the radioactive lasers with their mouths and shot them back at us?!
thanks for the mention!
Did you enjoy the game?
Its fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Bill Gates
Follow Back Black Beautiful :
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
the best I must admit.
coulda been better :/ trying to find a school to go too now at the moment
yw .
And yea.
can't wait to see you again at mixtape!
You were awesome back in january when I saw you in boston!
I love Lil Kim but if she don't leave that chile alone!
Let this girl make her money!
especially if they're ugly!
2 day conference, client meetings, and castings.
When people obsess over themselves
I wonder what the Internet would look like if the KONY video had been released after the Trayvon Martin outcry.
Good morning!
Tweet us your favorite restaurant in Boston!!
BostonOnTheRun BostonRestaurants WhosHungry?
Who wants to see my mad tumbling skills?
Everyone?!?!
Ok!
make fool of self TADA!!!!
BTW, great to see you again.
AND to meet your husband!!
Gale are the good guys too because they gave me a free ride to the airport
your games don't live in the cloud though...
An antioxidantrich diet is linked with lower stroke risk  take your Forever Omega 3 daily!
i love ryan huntermark:
I'll be on a plane but it shouldn't be a problem unless theres a big delay
burger time!!
haha I guess
Love me, hate me...
Say what you want about me...
If you seek Amy
Well, was MI's 10th pick in the expansion doctorft...definitely going to miss him.
He was a great addition to the team.
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
More of exchange: ..enhances relationships,  strengthens multicultural understanding.
If there are many benefits, why isn't it done more?
Zulu in the morning!!!
Gotta go to sleep!
Two suitors on the bachelorette are from Long Beach, CA!!
I hope they represent LongBeach well!!
FF powerhouse women to watch
Forecast calls for plenty of sunshine over the weekend in PDX, but COLD overnight lows in the mid20s
God luv em, Coldplay's on here on the Palladia channel tryin' to rock, but they just can't do it.
and what do you throw into yours??
Mustache.
Such a quaint spot.
Oh you're eligible...and a winner!
Congrats :
Good luck to all our AP Chem  AP Psych guys who are testing today!
subway for breakfast !
How much space can these lights cover...I am with a Parks and Rec.
will be in touch tommorrow.
Thanks, Ellen!
Headed to the Clem for a minute.
tastes like chicken
gotta make that cash '
Home finally 3.
Sending me the same message twice won't make me want to reply anymore than the first time
Talent is cheaper than table salt.
What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Stephen King
Take the love that's right for you and your life door of success opens
You were amazing.
Thanks for sharing your wisdom.
remember Haiti: text alahaiti to 20222 to donate 10 to help rebuild libraries in Haiti
im really diggin it tho...i was looking at porsches and BBAM
RT Hey bro thanks for the talk the other day.
Prayers go right back to ya!
Peep me out.
Thats wat u needa do!
Keep it real!
Have a funsafe wknd!!!!!!!!
Stupid Italian  Biology Homework .
That Twitter.
So buggy.
sweet, thanks!
also want to get 100 of your books for our friendsofhalogen book series.
Tanner: I Tweeted!
Sarah: That's gross..
.
Sessions has turned Matt Barnes back into the role player he once was in Orlando.
Gotta Love it
IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to keep up with the news of the world on a real time basis!
love you too!
Upcycling rules :
Hello : how are you?
In need of a photographer to be there at all our events
Pushing My Buttons Really Doesnt WorkIm Like An Elevator Thats Out Of Order
Rest in peace Maurice Sendak.
You did great work and inspired imaginations of millions of childoctorn.
HELL YEAH!
Let me know when you are coming!
My writing muse is in a loop.
I keep writing introductions, never moving to the body of this essay.
Write.
Delete.
Repeat.
Repeat.
Repeat.
i hav one
Guys, just wants to know if POTUS is a lying, foreignborn murderer.
Let's air both sides.
What's the issue here?
and will never grow up.
WHY IS THIS CAR SO INTERESTING?!
Okay, so three people that I talked to every day all stopped talking to me recently, what happened, lol.
I'll spit on a grave 4 ya
The birdie sound in the background of Beibers song doctorves me nuts.
Im steady getting my checks up, your at the club wasting your last bucks P.Goods
ok well obviously we will let you know lol
LazyWeb Who are your favorite email marketing providers for large companies?
Something a bit bigger than Mail Chimp but just as awesome.
But they will soon
haha  I just laughed together from our separate rooms over that one
this team need phil Jackson next year to go far
I strongly dislike what doctorgs can do to a person.
In the end nobody wins!
You become a shadow of what you used to be and hurt others!
It was just a guess.
:
got to get Ud together and playing so we can write the songs first..lol
Haha mad for no reason now that's funny its all good tho ill handle it later
HAWKS WIN3
At least Ron infected Dale before he left.
I need to go on the diet cause it feel like my heart is about to die.
Lol
I'm ridin round  I'm smokin it!!
I did not vote for Taylor Swift...
Thank you again to everyone that came out tonight!
We had such a blast!
Make sure you follow us on Twitter at
Gettin smack on a Monday
thanks and so are you :
I couldn't be happier!...though it's absurd to think that a tweet about the song Piano Man shifted the course of our lives.
Listening to Tom Waits sing Tom Traubert's Blues.
My God, I'm so moved.
What a gorgeous song.
Thanks for making me a fighter.
Thanks for all of the support!
Pray for Shardebroke her neck diving for a ball and goes into surgery today
O My friend has a 3D printer at his work
Good for everyone's papers and interveiws at MLA12!
6 of our recruits will be on campus next Tuesday for assessments and orientation.
Working hard this spring, gearing of for the summer..
initiates coverage of KORS and today
I hope to air it Tuesday.
captainres the spirit of human goodness and the hope of the season beautifully.
Kudos sister , winner of the Greek Leadership Class Courage Award at the Greek Awards!
Cause your my bad habbit and I'm quiting yoouu ;
iMac prognosis is grim...
looks like the hard doctorve is a goner.
will Boston score after getting 8 the last game, that's what I wonder
The Steelers numbers have the worst kerning.
Our team is located throughout the world, including our headquarters in Seattle, and our offices in Vancouver, Canada and in Cork, Ireland
I hate doctorpping my phone on my face.
It just aims right for my lip :/
S/o to for being accepted into Bridge Builders!!
Fireworks :P
I am 33.
I don't recall seeing so many linemen in one year's class.
How did all of the wr's get eliminated during the process?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH JUST REALIZED JOAN GRANDE TWEETED ME !!
THANK YOU !!!!!
Heard a rumor: iPhone 5 will be out in June.
I have two upgrades on my line.
Is it true?
wait?
Or upgrade to the iPhone 4S!
Decisions
Today's gift card winner is DYLAN YOUNG!
Congratulations!
lol I still look 20, I was saying that cause time go by fast  waits for noone
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD
That is why I don't believe in reality.
So wanted to hear your music but due to some connection probleIm I will have to rely on my imagination!
Great site, try later
Come outside and look at the cotton candy clouds.
OHIO.
That is all.
I heard they were making a new one
Dec.is a great time to reflect, celebrate your successes  start planning for next yr.
Can't wait to chat about it tonite!
Seriously, who designs a bolt sticking out a half inch near a pull start cord?
No your just really ugly lmao :p hoe
I hate Miriam for getting that song stuck in my head!
Dickie Simpkins sounds like a dying elephant or some kind of large mammal singing the 7th inning stretch for the Cubs.
woohoo!
Nice : I thought of you the other day 'cause of racing.
I wish I could find a cockapoo event because Bowie is SO FAST
I'm pretty sure title XX abstinence prog predated santorums arrival in congress.
all that real butter sure packs it in.
But the taste is unbeatable!
ItsHardTo trust others...
lacking any and all motivation today
Have a great weekend everyone!
Come out  dine at the Club...
The new menu items are a hit!
Literature is the memory of humanity.
Isaac Beshivis Singer
Same.
// RT : im gonna say not true
Happy Thanksgiving
Freshman year is teaching me how to actually study
: Harry does not have six toes.
she doesnt even get on
sca2012 HistoryPin mission is to foster intergenerational dialogueer, ie built a site that 16yrolds will want to go to and learn from.
Ancient cultures chewed on twigs or roots to clean their teeth.
Astron 6 movies are so great.
I like the one that reimagines Friday the 13th as a silent film with gatsbyish flappers
He is with the shit.
Jobs reports not so rosy, headed over to USF graduation, to hear how new grads are going to take on the economy  Congrats Bulls!
I approve of this choice : let's get together soon, neighbor!
:
surprised, right?
;
haha I don't understand why she's making music to begin with!
Wonder how Cain's new campaign slogan  Where All de White Women At?
will play in S.
Carolina?
mal don't forget to watch the video that i share in twitter k?
:
sorry 4 the late response.
Purchased it from a friend of mine.
Not sure what I will end up doing with it.
The fight is not over.
U have not won yet.
It looks like it is time for ur 2nd wind.
Get up.
Go hard.
The victory is urs.
Take it by force
seriously!
People just don't know..
I love Kate and Bill from the weekend crew
oh stomach flu, just go away!
...the 3day weekend is here and i really want to eat more than just plain bagels and water.
LOL
Pretty lady!!!!
.
21st century Mother's Day I guess?
Hope you enjoyed your day though!
Reggae legend JimmyCliff delivers an amazing cover of TheClash's Guns of Brixton on his new album
Someone told me..
Ur brain.
Heart.
And vagina are not on the same page..
He has never been so right...
What did Corso just say?
u c the April issue?
Your welcome :
And so we know and rely on the love God has for us.
God is love.
Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in him.
1 John 4:16
I like being difficult with my sisters so they learn to respect me.
: To everyone who went to stevenson in 07..
james brown, the big black kid murdered 4 people...
Go google it!no fucking way!!!!!
So people are punished for liking the opposite sex but it's okay for you to blow  fuck any dick you see ?
makessense it'seven
Busted my lip.
thats what it said about you on urban dictionary: its true!
two more tweets and the done till orioles win!!!
Good Work today Trojans!
Fight On!
Last day of the Westown Farmer's Market!
Let's hope the weather cooperates enough for you to come out and grab lunch, produce  kettlecorn!
Done.
Ill let you know when im ready.
Join us each night for the Holidays with nightly entertainment at 6:30 p.m., Sundays at 3:30 p.m., and our Sat at 1 p.m.
for hula.
I love u.
Springtime in NewYork.
Is there anything better?
you and your squad should come to our rec league game!
Now, I remember why Mulan was my favorite Disney movie
My new book about improvisation is going to be published soon.
It's been a labor of love and I am really excited.
Stay tuned!
I have all the ingredients to make Chai Tea, except milk...
is milk a must have?
Is that what makes it Chai?
JU Alums come out to November 9th when JU travels to the !
Mark your calendars!
Happy Easter, y'all!
Our groom is back from the dead to claim his bride!
:
National Twins Day Today!
: A
miss you
My stomach doing numbers in need of some cereal
...
like dude get your ass of twitter and do you and NO!
You don't regret dating someone because you shared something special with someone..
Midtown in the summer does not make my list of favorite things...
Another unexpected evening with the !
Looking forward to Frank on April 7!!
Pops or classical  happy Jacque
Thanks so much!!!!
So this 4S character charges HELLA FAST.
In order to get updates on focusgroups in nyc you must register at nyfocusgroups.com and fill out a registration survey
Didn't do track computer went bad keep the soul train moving Maine
Texting at red lights.
lol yes I'm fine, thanks!
haha why Fred?
D
Old Wayne 
how are you training for finals in NYC?
We recommend carbo loading w/ plenty of shandy cocktails.
Good d pacers
I just now saw that other tweet.
: I seriously have the writing skills of a 6th grader.
I don't judge anyone lol
FF aka me : the owner of Wear Liberty.
new shirt coming soon!
Carlos Gonzalez: Out Monday With Strep Throat
TYVM!
RT : Want to learn about caring fo rpets when someone is in hospice care?
follow , how awesome are they!!
I'm Posted Up, Like A Thumb Tack
cool i bet u and me have something in common
HUH?!?!?!
RT : Padoctors announce former Brewers RHP Jeff Suppan will start Wednesday vs.
Brewers .
We are asking you!
What kind of specials would you like to see for September?
There're regional variations in accents of the same language; ES and PT are at least more different than that.
haha oh whatever
you'd have to fight 23 million people for that honor!
haha :P
That boston commercial beat
I'm sleepy bro, I'm getting old.
Not to be a hard ass, but can people just let Whitney Houston be dead?
And stop trying to professort off her death?
Okay, time to watch a ton of anime.
Going to start Sankarea, which will bring my total anime being watched right now to being 33.
3 i love you for saying that
Thank you, Ann!
Here is a fun one, tell me what do you think is the funniest poker tell that you have noticed someone do at the poker table?
Big bang theory,
My favorite show that I've seen so far at , has been .
I told the teachers abt the 2012 Bookinaday Int'l Writers Fellowship.
They suggested I start one 4 passionate teachers.
Hm
This shift needs to end a.s.a.p.
Monday mischief
What's the latest on the post office issue and the Super Committee?
whoa, rebel!
RT : MinnesotaDuluth has hired Bemidji State's Matt Bowen, son of former UWRiver Falls coach Rick Bowen, as head coach.
only follow me please :
I am T minus 1 hour away from burnout licks empty can of Red Bull
The west Allstar team is real L.A.ish lol
you must be in California
my best friend is a disaster a day person.
i have NEVER met anyone who feeds off disasters and and feels excited when they happen.
Girls gotta eat.
Such a tease ;
hope heat do the thing
good morning hope you have all you desire today, shine sparkle and continue to succeed good morning
Yes, and your honesty is a great quality about you.
It may make some mad, but if one listens and applies
Man...
it has been a shitty day...
hopefully it goes better tomorrow ...
is this a regular occurrence in the ATX?
Marvel's The Avengers is fabfabfabuloso.
Robert Downey Jr should be in every movie.
Enjoyed !
and thanks for the postpanel chit chat in the shade.
Glad you liked it!
It's a good show.
i knoww me too !!!
Omg nd i think mikey waz here longer than the rest of the boyz !!
Currently reading Steve Krug's Don't make me think, on my way to becoming a more usabilityaware designer.
Thanks for everythign, VA Beach!
We're NCbound with hearts full of health and bellies full of bagels
If we go we'll look out for her!
nw impractical jokers 
Feelin' hot hot hot with our salsabar!
There is no reason to break up the Knicks.
Just let the team doctors do what their paid for and make another run.
She's a great adopted big sis too!
And a good cook too!
RT Happy mothers day to the sweetest mom ever 
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE IS GOING TO BE TODAY IN MIAMI!!
I NEED TO KNOW ASAP!!!
PLEASE HELP ME YOU GUYS I REALLY NEED TO KNOW
He knows how to talk to the ladies RT : I always wonder how this ugly asshole always pulls the sweetest, most beautiful girls..
Flip flops will be worn in DC today!
Sometimes having a doughtnut with your morning coffee makes your whole day that much more awesome.
THIS RT : Telling your friends where Lady Gaga is on her BornThisWayBall even though they don't care...
Jaw is almost healed, excited to start eating real food without pain
Yes!
Please do make a visit to Michigan State You need to meet Tom Izzo.
small.
justkidding badjoke huge but Kevin hart is small...
Just put my hair down....its a curly stiff mess J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
no.
It's real.
Flower let 7 in and an empty netter.
Thanks for sharing this review.
It was helpful!
I love the smell of fresh laundoctor!
Its all about the detergent!
Loving this...
I see some shit is going down and once again I am a Twitter hipster.
I unfollwed Mike Harrington before it was cool to do
They loving the crew
LISA!
I miss you too!
What is going on in Macy's world since i left!?
DM me your  and I'll text ya
In swem for the day
Your next single should be called dick in a truck.
I have all kids of ideas.
Yell at me for...
It's just not a good time.
No one has a perfect life.
If we did, it'd be too easy.
Just trust in god.
Williams is the LeeEvans of the Giant/49ers game
Lime juice and water has helped my sinuses a lot.
I hear you been cheating for your brother, lol loser
In Ths Ohio State Assembly !
Weep for yourself my man you'll never be what is in your Heart....
so glad I could help you!
Downside to breakfast at hotel: didn't do hair.
Gorgeous attractive guy shows up.
The banks and post offices are closed, but we're not.
Come in and soundtrack your new year on today.
is Baltimore funny?
The InverseDelirium podcast answers with a resounding YES!
You're welcome :D And I plan to ;
Meet at Barnes  Noble Camp Creek today !
She'l be signing copies of her new book Redefining Diva.
I hear ya RT I just wanna make out and get take out.
Stop teasing me guys RT : 6th street reunion Saturday?
hahaha.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, 's little brother is gonna do a 3minute spot.
Naw silly, I learnt from da fire.
I open da windows when I bbq now.
RT : Did the smoke get you?
Oh I'll be there for 7/28.
And I'm always looking to go to any other games.
Helps being in Milwaukee.
Lip service?
What kind?
Oo RT : OO RT : 3rd characteristic of a Christian woman is Lip Service
awww 8th grade will be awesome for you :
Yup, passed it on the team too.
Thanks Mike.
DOT: All east and westbound lanes of Hwy.
14 between Hwy.
138 and Hill Rod.
near Oregon closed due to a crash.
Likely closed til 8 p.m.
and a 70M lawsuit.
How do you think this impacts GE?
i know right
its fine : you didnt.
Sophie's choice.
Pinterest seems to b mostly populated by sorority girls and mock style guides.
Might b good 4 photos of sexy fonts tho
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Thank you!
Learning about Community Engagement today at the University of MN.
That's pretty close, haha.
And yup, I can't think of the last time we hung out, we kinda did at Warped, but not really.
watching the hangover !
3 good movie.
hhaa.
:
We've got big news coming next week.
Stay tuned!
oh no....
well there's always PoquitoMas?
Gotta get in my zone
Occupy Attorneys will be on WORT at noon tomorrow with me.
Call in with your questions 2562001.
Thanks!
Doug is far better at this then he thinks: We love any opportunity to meet and talk personally about what we are doing!
Thursday night at 10pm.
RT 's newest sketch tomorrow night during BetweenTheSheets 10pm insides the lab
you're the one sucking right now, how's the choking..
Oh wait it's small so that won't be a problem
Saturday Night!
Salute is the new spot to get seen and be seen.
The great new hot spot.
Don't miss out!
MHI to Establish Subsidiary to Handle Industrial Machinery Business ...
The Apocalypse is imminent RT Twins Sequel Being Developed as Triplets, with Schwarzenegger, DeVito and Eddie Murphy
Need help with college admissions?
Contact TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor doctor Rachelle Wolosoff with College Search Expert!
alrighty then, sir!
gt; Parmak 902 12Volt Gel Cell Battery for Solar Powered Electric Fences Get Discount
Our goal today!
Get all 503 followers to answer this question!
What is your favorite memory of the circus as a kid?
Oh wow....while completely searching for something different, looks like the original future wife is definitely gay
I read a photographer's post about having the card.
He would run all his biz expenses through it and hit that number with ease.
I'm sure the wife is thrilled :D
Boulder PD and FD en route 26th / Valmont on a child stuck in a hole.
RT : Watch CelebrityApprentice playing for Txt CLAY to 50555 make 10 donation  be part!
Solid reasoning in an insane mind.
Seth Donahoe
1st Pirate Candidate Out to Steal Spotlight in Massachusetts
Sometimes a one night stand begins with a friend

I moved apartments this weekend and had no access to internet.
Is there still time for us?
Please help!
Thanks boss man!
RT : HBD Bro!!!
Fuck i meant can't
OMG.
My mom and I were just discussing coming over to see you soon and how we missed you over dinner tonight!
So funny!
omg need to see this
Transition to real estate investor and gaining personal freedom, doing short sales, starting over to build permanent wealth in my life.
mydumbinjury omg this is great I have tons
ToDo Buy four pigs.
Paint 1, 2, 3, and 5 on each pig.
Let them loose in a mall and watch security try to find number 4.
2pm Frist Center for visual arts, Future Break show.
FREE.
make sure to follow
Good night :
So I'm doctorving in bkfld, tornado is here, no siren that tells me to take cover, I have to find a bkfld cell user?
Packing our bags and getting ready to head out to Salt Lake City!
now following:
sounds like u
Ughh the rain just brings me down all i wanna do is laydown:/
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
Louis E.
Boone
I wish, I wish, with all my heart, to fly with doctorgons in a land apart.
doctorgontales :
RT give me money.
buy me perfume or buy me underclothes.
You're welcome!
Not just valued  indispensable!

thanks for the shoutout!
Suns win.
Yaya!
go suns.
: Playing Scrabble with and he says XI is a word!
Boy, if we weren't married.Some 1 played that w/ me 2.
Ugh
Love my cuz: I get home I have wireless, I can watch netflix on my big tv, he's taking me to trader joe's, there is a muffin on the counter
I'm pretty much a big deal in 36 states across the US of A.
I am not sure haha.
I think I'll be there Saturday but I'll have to get back to you about sunday
If you need alternative Gally lodging, I recommend the Crowne Plaza.
It's right next door, and could even do lobbycon spillover if need be.
Sitting in traffic on 32 East outside Bativa, OH.
Hope we get to see We're hustlin like a mo' fo!
arl should count whiteboards in the Library
Me too!
If I had a dog.
Which I will soon.
Some job openings make me so happy.
Best of luck to and today as they interview for the Editorinchief position at The Beacon.
Thanx for the love!
09 Dix.
Elegant, feminine, delicate...
Wonderful expression of Maresh fruit.
Beautiful Pinot wine
S/o to all the MOTHERS that take care of they're kids!
5 more hours
wow, I'm talking to Devo!
In highschool I wrote piano work with hidden canon  my chorus teacher whose favorite work was 50 Nifty United States called it boring!
I am going to try Rocca delle Macie 2006 Chianti Riserva  this was a gift from a friend of mine.
Will let you know what I think
I'm telling you: La Ripley, Disco Revivalist.
You'll just have to change your musical tastes and buy new records and so on
I like Twilight
So tired ..
Time for a nap??
fuckya naptime lol I will always be a kid at heart 
Missed the 1st seven min of PrivatePractice.
What's up w/Addison and Amelia?
I know it seems like forever from now lol
Good News the Beltline is open again between South Towne and Monona doctorve
by the way, ESPN saying Oil Can Boyd used crack cocaine every day of the 1986 season
Congrats on the rollout.
Super excited to be a part of the team working with
Milton gets out of a basesloaded jam in the bottom of the seventh and beats Monroe 108 in softball
6 more days at Trinity School...remembering the good times :
no kidding....
What are you guys up to for Game 4 tomorrow?
come make me shut up lol
man this sucks sadface
Swag tight...check
Gray's Papaya hot dogs are 2 bux now.
So much for the perennial recession special.
I remember being pissed when they raised price to .75
I'm here at
Wanted something out of reach,it's killing me.
oh I am.
Morgan, she's such a little lady lol
I can really relate to this right now.
RT What I shouldn't do: nap.
What I'm going to do:.
its too late now i got my computer taken away AGAIN :
Totes!
Hammondesque Gore slurring RT : Mitch Daniels is being played tonight by Darrell Hammond.
hihihi i certainly love
The nights i stay up the world is asleep , the nights im asleep the world is awake
stories like this scare the crap out of me.
so young, so healthy and athletic.
Austin can't wait to hit the pool...
and what's with me I'm sitting here and it's fucking cold .
not good enough for truth in cliche
Agreed.
RT : ...Wed both rather eat poop for breakfast than write/read another movie premiere story 
Modern air conditioning ruined Hawaii's architecture.
I need to take my ass to sleep but my ass up at a pizzeria getn some mufuhh pizza...
GOod aS fUck ThO....
Friday I'm in Love makes me really sad that isn't on the air anymore.
Showing Mo a better way to track cust/prospects.
BGR8 Now.
where's the shoot hun???
Subzero special.
Anyone that comes to the office today and mentions Twitter can have an adjustment or massage for 10.00
Featured member of the week: Rebecca Harris.
Congrats Rebecca!
I should probably get on that...
Morning walk w thanks for my new fav music to
this sounds like one of those porn movies lmao xD
Brentwood.Leland King scored 30 points
Aw can't believe my older cousin Shawn Wolters is getting married in October!!
Arrreee you ready to ruuumbllleeeee Twitter?
You have tminus 30 minutes to gather your jokes.
Hey maybe JanetNapolitano will say YES to MarriageEquality tomorrow when you corner her in the elevator?
Lyra12 John Hewitt says there's a lot more to come in technology for MPS.
Good article, thanks for sharing...
The successful man will professort from his mistakes and try again in a different way
nope, still trying.
I had an exchange, but still have not received it.
was told via email of a price difference, but
Bahahaha, I had a few of those!
With my tape player...so cool.
Then you'd loud talk when someone asked you a question LOL.
Didn't feel like going to school today so I'm sitting home.
Hanging with ashlybaby today and hopefully gonna find something to do.
definitely.
doubt he's ever kissed anything more than a computer screen.
he's probably on twitter right now
My actions may show I don't care, but deep down...I really do...
LMFAO I don't know why but I bust out laughing at that.
Now my moms pissed because I woke her up.
Thx a lot Chris crocker xD:
I'll see you in a couple of days !
Can't wait, it's cold here in Chicago!!
Hi Phoenix.
I was wondering if you could say hi to me?
Since it's my birthday.
Thanks.
I donttt waannntt to do this homework .
What's up stranger :
Good work watching your game in class!
the advil pm is calling my name......got way 2 much on my mind  heart.....i need a vacation asap!!!
Why didn't I think of creating the job rosie on bravo has ????
Have started reading YA books.
If I Stay...beautiful prose.
I have a vision of SEMF being a premier destination 4 people all over the world We put on a safe, quality and affordable event
wow gotta luv bing!
thank you guys you rock the internet
I think Splitter should make every other free throw just to live up to his name.
gun fire QA: my airsoft gun broke is there a place i can get it repaired?
!
yeah it's always fun to do math homework on a Saturday afternoon.
I just earned the Statesman badge on Yelp!
thats true but i doubt any team will do that.
at least i hope
the price we pay to be The Man on  off the ice...Haha!
prolly not till summer if you still out there..
i keep thinking u in the in N.O for school.
How does one run into a fire engine?
Kind of hard to miss...
I think imma need to shed a few lbs when I get home.
And I ain't talkin bout weight.
why must you be such a douche?
you're really pretty and not to be a complete creeper but if you really live in grand rapids i go there all the time :P haha
ah you're the best!
you can email it at
Who will win, Grizzlies or Clippers in game 6?
Overload of STL sports at the momistert...
cardinals  stlblues...
it's getting roudy in here!
MaryJane is my girlfriend, but I'm still looking for a boyfriend
Agree about reading anything but...
Rand's work puts me in mind of a Dorothy Parker book review...
haha ok ill teach you soon
About to watch inception.
Hope it lives up to the hype
Not going to lie.
I honestly love new videos.
They are awesome:
Happy Halloween!
Happy mexi day guys !
doctornk up that jose cuervo
what type of help?
C'mon , BEAT THE HEAT!
is opening for Nickelback!
Just kidding...
They're opening for us.
Chris BrownAnother Round 3
I love yu2
would you please blow shit up with me??!
;; 333
oh I thought that that was Justin's hand.
How R U Ms.
H?
Hve not seen U n awhile.
question is not only where the jobs are, but where are to good quality jobs.....
I hope I fit into this somehow
whats good wit you
Sorry about that!
xP We didn't mean to unfollow you, our twitter has been acting up lol
hope no one saw that!
MT : I kept thinking digital dualism, digital dualism.
Had to stop yelling at radio.
I had a wonderful day i went to the waterpark with My family and Antoinette and Cami and we said funny and weird things to the life gurads!
Marathoners!
10miles this Sun.
starting  Arizona  Ocean in Santa Monica.
That's a lot of miles!
Good luck!
Haha!
Yeah, jk.
I listen to u every a.m.
on way to work, my friend.
My dog, too
Failure if it is chasing you will run you into success!
: Aggressive send there by Brewers Ed Cedar.
...that's Sedar to you!
I hear you, and the same is true down here.
PhD and research is coming along wellalmost done with my advancement paper.
Light Weights Are Just as Good for Building Muscle, Getting Stronger
Forget the Golden Globes!
I'm about to record Episode 42 with the Chattanooga crew!
The handwriting in Downton Abbey is fabulous.
Watching my kids get ready for their new school is priceless!
To be young again...
The brother killed it!
Stanley Jordan is a true musical genius.
Again, I recommend you check out his show at Catalina Jazz Club.
let's go next week on one of my days off !!!
just read your phone article.
So basic and so true.
When people have all the answers they are untrainable.
Too bad
I LOVE MEG RYAN!!!
They say he's secretly married to Meg Ryan!
Jack  Diane vs.
Harry  Sally!
RT I've got butterflies before this game.
I can only imagine what LBSU feels like taking the court against New Mexico.
I just wish you weren't so attractive.
Girls will like never leave you alone.
maybe he is offended by dildos.
Bad experience maybe???
That's why I stick w/ ur program!
Kickin' it up to TurboFire advanced cardio this week
I can never tweet anything without making fun of me.
About to sadly board a flight home  I'll miss you P.R.
shut out the spankees at spankee stadium and take the series 21!
On to Boston to sweep the dead sox!
Let's go o's!
fortunately the game is over now...
for some reason it was on espn..?
i thought espn was for sports.
i guess not
Callaway: A number of key regulatory differences exist between payday loans and bank directdeposit loans...
What's wrong with notch?
I haven't paid that close of attention to him in the past.
His last day was Fri.
so I'll know soon.
:
If someone whispers a word of encouragement or attempts to understand a lonely person , extraordinary things begin to happen  L Firzarris
do it man
fresh italian bread, pastrami,coleslaw, tomatoes,frenchfries  tear into that bad boy.
Building the set today!
Hope this Rapture stuff doesn't get in the way of our show opening next week.
From the pinebeetle to the carp and now the snakefish, Stop introducing these things into our natural habitat!!
reallyfuckingthingsup!!!
Thanks for the follows!
probably my favorite tumblr out there.
Maybe what the professorssion needs is: Librarians.
Where they do not belong.
500 dollar offering per person.
thank you Pastor.Adams
Argghh!
So sorry.
Thanks for letting me know.
Great place!
I'm having mine there too !!
definitely outside of my comfort zone
Disney Bets on 39;The Avengers39; After 39;John Carter39;
avi sick were the picture come from m.jordan look wasted
Forgot to mention
Happy birthday to my dad and my bestfrand Sebrina3
YEs, actually !: and thank you !
even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard.
is max b really denied??
Hey you..
Looking for professorssional business cards?
Contact us today.
500 business cards  design for 80 Contact us for Info  4074864387
may chang have mercy on your soul!
Love community!
Have fun chillen.
:
HA that was a great beggining to camp rock 2 XD nick is so funny XD ahahahahah I love it :D and there is a mouse in my wall OO
Nice process post on long boards from Mike Hoping they'll do a calendar next, check out that last img;
The Austrian Embassy in DC has an AMAZING Falco shrine.
AMAZING.
i'm extraa saldyy about to download her new song.
dang, it's not out yet :/
oh stop it :p lol
Took Jackie to the dentist to get last of 4 teeth pulled, what a trooper.
She doesn't look that happy right now
Lol Who Lies About Being In A Coma ?
SomeBody Please Tell Me !
Lol She Dumb .
Obviously David Arquette is sober but still crazy.
watsup night owl?
Would it be ethical to protest a 7 for 7 trade in a keeper league on principle alone?
It's just silly.
Make urself happy first.
Indeed.
Although Emily Dickinson managed to go without an audience a damn long time.
: When they try to kiss you with a dip in.
disgusting SouthernProblem see !!!
Yes What time?
well I bet it would for a beautiful girl like yourself
all day every day
i'll probably get to it around 3 once the hangover subsides ;
Oh, you sag your pants down to your ankles?
Yes, your swag is unbelievable.
Be positively expectant about this day, and create a new opportunity for yourselfyou have special talents and gifts that need to be shared
Building Muscle  Top 7 muscle building exercises  Skin Care tips
Come get TOxic with on Party 95 right now!
We have a mostly working version that uses jQTouch.
We think a jQuery Mobile version would be fairly easy to do now.
Had a fantastic day in breck playing beer pong and hanging out with interns at the cabin!
Just had a wonderful conversation with about getting some for MK.
So excited to transform our walls!
Needs a fun place for dinner in DC that can accommodate a group of 20 without charging me for a private party...ideas?
: just said she wear Jordan Heels.lairr
Since I have yet to hear back from and its been 4 weeks, endless calls and emails..
can yall suggest a similar site?
You know that Harry Styles guy that you want to love and marry?
Oh my sister.
An offseason we talk about in twenty years hopefully.

thanks for the props and shout out to  once you have app, love to hear what you think
You will not believe what a pizza chain is putting in it's pizza...
okay, maybe you will.
That's in a few minutes on Wake Up.
Tried oneupping Joe Johnson.
RT Pierce is 34 to start this game.
Why does Rondo constantly give up layups?
Isn't amazing how different the father and son are...yet great in their own ways?
For you: if I could I would and if I can't I'll try my best to make it possible.
I can never let go
That just makes me upset!!!
They're Blocking and distracting from the Real Beauty!!!
lol
Lets give the cats a welcome home BBN style!
gocats!!!!
Unless the heat gets the best of me, I'm looking forward to some free fun tonight: taking the to AVAM's Flicks on the Hill!
yo con laura :D
That's a WHOODEY!
It's crazy what happened this past year..
i lost all but 4 people.
RT : rsda12.
Seyfarth.
Over a trillion dollars in loaned maturing.
2012 largest level of maturing loAns since downturn
Just got my new powerzone Tshirt!
Does anyone know of a livestream I can get for the USA game tonight...I'm going to be at work...
I didnt like last season, so Im hoping this one's better.
not really.
Garnet is past his prime.
Do that to a toucan and then I'm impressed.
Tribune and DIRECTV come to an agreement ending fourday blackout.
Supposed to take a 50 min nap..
Instead I sleep for 2 hrs Welp guess I'm not falling asleep tonight
Why is ur last tweet in June?
C'mon, ur better than that.
RT : SCAwards Best Enterprise Firewall goes to
I think I have a buddy crush on Dale Thayer.
Like it would be real fun to hang out with that guy.
Play GoldenEye on the N64.
Really thanking God for the amazing people He has brought into my life.
I have spectacular friends.
Last night was life changing.
Green Mountain is the best K cup coffy!
re: SM reaches nonacademic audience  this speaks to notion that SM is a low level discourse.
T/F?
: It's going down at We got on the 1's  2's.
U get all the good dj's
You're finally using WordPress for the blogyay!
P.S.
The link to the Emanate/Topaz release is broken.
When my sister thinks shes stronger than me
much appreciated!!!
RT : S/O these v necks in the shoe box are SO nice
Liking that 933 is only playing beastie boys right now.
Paul revere just made me sad, the first song I ever learned all the words too.
switch to spotify miss...pandora is weak sauce
This place is jumping.
Get down here Baltimore.
We party hard
they gone on a fishing trip
snowing again up in Summit County!
Supposed to do this for the next 48 hours!
We can only hope!
I wonder when Cody will announce his spring mall tour dates...?
So what if I sang Bye Bye Bye by NSync last night for karaoke?!
It's a classic!
Don't hate :
yes I do know the secret bahahaha!!!
i just need somebody to love
may be my fav person on twitter.
I get to live all these fun LA moments before I even get there :
Twisted Blues leads off the new album from Blew me away!
Don't know how I missed this artist before, but glad this finally found me.
Already did that.
RT Dammit.
uninstalls instagram
I'm hungry.
Its days like today I wish someone would just make me a lunch.
I always was bewildered at mothers who did that for their kids.
meetings for restoring the Rivoli Theatre are first Wednesday of each month, 6pm, 2nd floor of the Boner Center.
Open to all!!
A glove or as some people think dirty.
A condom.
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind.
Luke 10:27
Don't Bore Us....Get to the Chorus!
David Grohl/Foo Fighters
where does he live
No, I haven't.
Must go investigate!
what up playboy.
Hit me at 9015024878
and it tastes god!
Oh and Romney does right.
He used to bully gay kids.
He's openly said he's against it.
There is a whole bunch of Mana Tapping going on down at Ares Wargames, come join the fun...
You know Liliana and Garruk would.
And sometimes there is good news
: Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm.
Moving forward towards my doctorams, w/ friends.
I think every couple should own a pet together before they have kids.
this is an eye opener to the parenting styles you will have!
Have a sick wee one at home today.
I would like to thank science for infrared thermometers.
Hey Ariana !!!
Please tweet me.
I'll be the happiest guy ever, and you'll make me happy forever : its all I want please!
Xoxo
good point about black coat color and hot weather!
I did wonder re humidity there.
Chgo was chilly but clear, good 4 running.
always make sure your license plate lights are working, cuz cops brake them when your not watching so they can have a reason to stop you
Missing St Louis.
Watching the World Series reminds me of all the things I loved about living in that city.
Go Cards!
Gotta love and his bigotessss
thank you now me and have a new nickname for her
Hope all of my former Ryder coworkers in Mexico are safe after the earthquake.
If you could play every song on PVC pipe, why wouldn't you?
Risk assessment is the determination of quantitative or qualitative value of risk related to a concrete situation and a recognized threat.
Since when does my account unfollow people?
Uh oh.
Off to the Hudson whiskey tasting at !
Yum!
Prom tonight!
Excited doesn't even describe how I'm feeling right now :
that's the spirit!!
Hey, it's your birthday  you're bat shit crazy.
So here's some vodka, now doctornk up baby!
Blake I am still on follow limit  can't follow.
Keep me in touch  I'll keep checking, OK
I never regret it when I do it, but I always regret it when I dont.
Devin McDonald Vinson
I KNOW.
then i made a mistake of reading an interview with winston and watching a whole bunch of videos.
that's good but I'm still not looking forward to it.
pretty excited that started following me today!
I still haven't gotten my picture taken for the All in due time!
:
when has the President vilified wealth?
Please identify one statement of his that does so?
haha girls have the same problem .
Slice of the Week Bay View: cheddar, bacon, red onion and spinach!
: Sometimes I hate you, sometimes I love you.
Guy from Other Books wants 2 make sure we librarians r aware that Boyle's The Absolutist has homosexual themes.
Umm, we're ok with that!
Bourne: needs OA killer apps to exemplify what we can do with the content.
911 memorial coverage local orlando, ch9 cut to comercials, ch 2 nothing channel 6 a little better but not by much How soon they forget!
Nathan, you're at 900 followers!!
If it can happen to the digital experts, it can happen to anyone!
Dont forget your Right Hand THIS Wed 4.24 for Admin professorssional's Day.
Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Did you catch MDBs latest Nostalgicon feature, The Energizer Bunny?
Care to guess whos up next?
I can't believe my birthday was 2 months ago!!
That annoyed moment when your tweet feed is cluttered with lovey dovey shit and you have nothing from your own bf donewitchu:
Literally right after my tweet about how boring this game was it starts to finally pick up!
People of Falls Church City!
City Council Elections are tomorrow.
Get out and vote .
.
.
.
and when you do, vote for William Henneberg!
Holy shit.
Charles Taylor's prexy campaign slogan: He killed my Ma, he killed my Pa, but I will vote for him.
I'm dumbfounded.
Selling houses and taking names.
bored.
and i feel ugly.
wooooho.
You have no idea how happy that makes me!
Talk about some positive reinforcement today with !
:
Oh I know, I'm not picking a fight LOL.
I enjoy intelligent argument.
:
I promise you if you go see Think Like A Man you will LOVE it!
it was so good!!
im deffinetly going to see it again!!
Looking forward to seeing you at FCA2012  // Be sure to stop by our booth ...
we have a huge announcement!
Be on the lookout for a VIP ticket contest around 3pm today, run by our friend !
We'll post more info then.
Ughgh this gurl at Rita's didn't wash her hands but went to make my icce oh no sweety
Sunday, we return to Commercial Taphouse10pm FREE and ALL AGES!!!
After 111111, today feels a little like the day after Christmas.
Time to hit the gym
The Grammy Awards show is my favorite awards show to watch all year 3
At Slow Club restaurant San Francisco
is his mother a white hispanic or black hispanic?
Anyone wanna win two free tickets to an upcoming show with us and Jamie Lono AND backstage passes to hang with us and him?
Contest soon!
RT : I need a burrito in my life pronto.
No, but maybe it is that fantastic glow you have!
Good Morning Twitter Fam!
Love it here!!
omg chad is at steak n shake!!!
What are the best tv shows, and movies of this year of 2012?
So Mahlon Mitchell is Pres of professorssional Fire Fighters of Wisconsin  the Milwaukee professorssional Fire Fighters endorsed Kleefisch?
Ouch.
dont forget to check out my new music at www.myspace.com/tajahsworld
Fuck a relationship
Looking forward to seeing what's new on the dinner menu, !
Gotta love the parity in the NHL.
You can have a losing record and still make the run at the cup.
You would never see this in the NBA.
it's always good to muck with the content and the application right before the demo right?
Another Early Show then home to repack and off to Ocala!
Has Teague ever shot a layup left handed
you dusting off the old credit card to take the guys from to St.elmo's?
Let's not blame the entire game on Joel Ward..
He has feelings too..
Sometimes I pretend that I don't care.
But really, I care more than anyone else ever will.
Work ethic and makeup are off the charts.
Wants to win badly, and is a great teammate.
Falcons got a great value.
Re: Ewing
RT Jaimie Cloud will be speaking about sustainability in education, Fri in Mayo  11:30.
Join the convo at
hey christian: how are you?
you were at comiccon?
How did I not know this?
Wis.
unemployment rate improves in Dec., but loses 3,900 jobs.
Dems blame Walker, Republicans note job increases over past year
Ended up finding a couple pairs but it was on my tenth try so I couldn't be choosy.
Got Money and you know it, take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like, this a way, uhhuh, that a way, uhhuh!
I really wish I was at least 23 right now
The final of 4 exhibit openings for For Nevada With Love is tonight, 6 p.m.
Sundance Books.
I've learned that no one can say anything to make something better..
we just have to make things better ourselves.
We Maybe Miles Apart, But Yuor Always In My Heart
Adenoidectomy Video
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
John Donne
Do we have any evidence that The Simply Curious or The General Public actually exist as a user group?
You bet!
I've learned that people will 4get what u said,people will 4get what u did, but people will never 4get how u made them feel.
Luv U Tweeters
rock star?
RT VMworld presentation entry: do I put Speaker Type as Blogger/Partner/?
?
dnt give up on my bulls
Vic Gundotra on curation/opengraph: 'There is a reason why every thought that comes into your head does not come out of your mouth...' :
I don't want to be a circus freak anymore
Only at a PMP concert would there be a painted Star Wars themed backdoctorp behind me
Been there, done that, messed around.
Mapping out the day at createbaltimore it's gonna be good
ahah yeah .
Heard there gonna be hella girls over there
Am so bummed that I missed THATCamp today at
One follower away from 100...
Trivia Tuesday warm up!
Which actor from a popular MTV show turned down a role on SNL?
Remember, Trivia starts at 8pm.
MyFavoritePhrases Look what ya did ya little jerk!
Good luck beating Boston, breakfast :P
Does AJ have shares of this Socialcam thing?
It won't let me watch the vid unless I download the app.
Hm
THAT DUDE IS CRAZY....
Thank god most of us have more sense to know the bible and REALITY is far from that!
Prop table with a glass of wine ...
You Don't Bring Me Flowers ...
sans Babs.
totally!
can't wait for the beta test doctorve :
What's your nationality?
If you get a tesla, we are having a muscle car vs tesla race.
Most random race ever.
Thanks for the followfriday notice!
Study on the beach???
Why not :
i just dont know what to do anymore
Classy move right there.
Don't you want to stay here a little while?
I don't get why I'm goin to school if tomorrow is Friday
I thought I was the only one...
There is comfort now.
Lots of NEW WireO Journal designs available at your local Barnes  Noble NOW!
People who are UNIQUE
WISHING U AND UR FAMILY MUCH LOVE ON THIS PASSOVER...........
FeelBetterAustin Love you :
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride in your Mass Ave.
store.
We appreciate you !
We are now delivering for Which Wich  Texadelphia!
Nice morning about to begin in working on the storyline for Hopeville
It might not be tomorrow!
;
Silent House :O
LOVE IT!
RT : Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!
// :
RT : Just heard it!
Crazy good!
RT : Congratulations on the release of your sophomore album!
why you say that
OH: Oh look, a speculum!
Remember when you covered 's father's Summertime?
Your cover was hip and cool
Just paid off my credit card for the first time
Isn't there one on Harford already, and a 24 hour Walgreens as well?
BIG thanks to Collaborative for Enterprise Development  for awarding investment checks to 4 entrepreneurs at Flex Fund!
One woman told me: I dont like snakes.
Even the ones that men have attached to their bodies.
lmfao.
From what I've been told I did hahaha
He could've stuck that if he knew some IndieMusicYou don't need to know Indie, you just need to name the more obscure band
Book hangover.
Coincidentally, I'm wearing my The Fred Sanford Memorial Museum tote.
Sanford  Son aired on NBC from '72'77.
This guy will not leave!!!!!
watching the sun rise anywhere else 
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS!
LINE STARTS AT 6PM!
10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!!
For most salon owners thinking up salon marketing ideas can be a thankless chore.
Is it for you?
Celebrate the stayhomereadball with !
What will you read?
I still feel like we.played pretty well despite the loss.
We'll make the right adjustments and come back strong.
Sippin on a 40 oz....of water!
Life in, life out!
Going to NY tomorrow for the Artexpo fair!
Who is going?
Will be there ThursFri.
will someone explain to me why rubbing candle wax on guitar strings to mellow them out also makes them stay in tune much better than before?
Happy that the NY teams: NY Yankees, NY Rangers..
lol even the Mets won.
I can care less for the Lakers.
I ain't from LA Haha
This may be my last post ever.
Bye!
Just in case...
If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam.
in my house.
Trying to stay away from you o.o
leadoff guy who can't bunt  chavez.
Or do anything else a leadoff hitter or MLB player does.
DJ Chucky Chuck's Night Out this Saturday Night after the FunkFest In Orlando  The Amvet!!!!
Doors open at 9 PM!!!
I always smudge!
On way to school grr lol
You are so welcome!
Keep up the great work!
Jealous that I cant be at the sold out Portlandia live shows in DC.
But it's so FKN good I have to eat it all!
I'm following just to piss her off.
Muahahahahhahahaa
: lllllllmmmmmmmaaaaaoooooooooooo you guys are funny ; O!
Bianca said the A word!!!!!
even though our love will never be bonded together, i'll still love you forever.
what doesnt kill you makes you stronger.
keep going
EXTENDING BOSTON RESTAURANT WEEK through August 28th
Feed the soul, starve the ego.
Someones playing a game with Stubhub on Devils Rangers tickets.
11 tix on sale for less than a min, others start at 200!
Need 11 tix
The only thing between me and yo bitch is a latex
Go you!
I'm about to do the same.
Lotsa work to do.
Happy writing!
you are a fan, you don't have fans and don't need to have a follower of the month or whatever.
its stupid and I'm judging you
I chose a weird day to watch Glee ...
Trouble by will be spun by my goodfriend on the roofs of greektown this weekend.
Possibly a scratch mix too.
Haha
Overheard at the canyouwalkaway exhibit: I never even knew stuff like that still existed.
I might just watch a Disney classic tonight.
Which one?
i woke up this morning to niggas on my roof with hammers, breaking shit, im finna go out side with that bullshit, i just went to sleep
Need to dig out some good soup recipes: Potato Leek or Orzo Chicken Soup?
Who's Got Your Back event is a great opportunity to bond with your work team wgyb thanks definitely buying the book now
: It's Tuesday n I wanna get out hm I wonder if wanna go to tonight come on down.
She said SOME.
Do you know how to read?
And yeah, Beliebers ARE involved in this doctorma like they always are.
Lib lefty corporate msm soon will have to start calling out Mitt Romney on out and out lies...won't they?
Best of luck to our Juilliard Jazz students who are doing their Juries this week!
It's so funny when people run to class..
NBA AllStar festivities and the Oscars  great tv weekend.
Elena, a Russian movie about the haves vs.
the havenots.
Beautiful, some perfect dialogue and relationships portrayed.
At the orthodontist.....:/
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!!!!!!
can I have your practice jersey?
Please?
Love of beauty is Taste.
The creation of beauty is Art.
Ralph Waldo Emerson : Lovely Sunday morning to our beloved clients  followers!
I think library space is like highways.
The more you build, the more it gets taken up.
We're doing the bone dance you dance and you learn it again and again 'til you get it right
haha  ur warning us on twitter?
ThatsSoRaven of u :p I actually don't mind it, its easier to view everything
Debating if I want to make meatballs or not
Hi Kate, I can't get your blog to load.
It says there is a problem with the syntax.
Just wanted to let you know!
Amanda
Always lovely to see you RT On my 4th meeting today  it's only 11am!!
Love days like this!!
I work the night shift this week 3:30pm to 11:30pm.
Boss told me to pick which day I want off.
I'll take tomorrow stick!
MIA vs NY
Only grad school makes me feel both confident and insecure simultaneously...as well as cool and nerdy.
It's a strange place...
it's not to late!
A wise said when things are going well bask in it lol.
So bummer I missed you today .
I'll see you soon!!!
xx,B
Omfg why is Angelica so fing beautiful.
I wanna be her
I love acting like I don't hear things.
April fools..?
excited to offer lopsided trades and get indignant when they get denied
I have a lot of links and references for Social Media Network analysis.
Email me!
Did I hear you have an idea for a show??
good point, I hear Mexico City is lovely in November.
I'll just need a few AK's and a bullet proof car.
Thank you!!
Congrats on win and making the playoffs
Why do boys always take things so seriously?
Hollywood bound!
show tonight!
I believe there is a generational divide among Black ppl when it comes to LGBT issues.
No wonder sum their churches look empty these days.
i like the show tanked they make the best tanks
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
330
Scoutblast in Lawrenceville was a blast!
It was really incredible this year  a huge improvement over last year!
Had a great time!
Empowerment comes from within.
But it is by learning strategies that you are able to stay the course.
Headed to basketball practice
...worship can never be a performance, something youre pretending or putting on.
It's got to be an overflow of your heart...
Matt Redman
several yrs ago I have.
Ginger Snap Crafts: stenciled outdoor side table tutorial  ...
There is just something relaxing about hitting balls at the doctorving range, alone..I needed that.
Get the excitement of a game and pleasure of a win.
Useful product line is available at incredibly low prices....
haha u dumb
very much looking forward to 's talk tomorrow morning.
Thanks to for bringing him to DePaul!!
videogaming,
Special Love for those of you who shared PRAYERS, downloads, personal stories, medical advice,  forwarded Mama doctoram
Movie and a beer, Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer and an old favorite White Rascal!
McConaughey, you wiley minx!
I still like the thought that the Astros are going to the AL West and will be reaching their prime when Texas finally falls off
I mean super distant right.
pacer nation buddy, congrats on the playoff birth, you've meant so much to this team and community we hope your a pacer forever!
This dude ova here talkin bout he get the YUTT aha, Ooh do you now??
It is to bad beer and watching sports isn't on that infographic!
which one
yo dudes is on Leno tonight
Soo excited my Patriots are in the Super Bowl!!!
Anyone with me?
Or against me?
hehe
Gonna give a wedgie when I see him
Mexican food, why can you no has small portion size
looks like we are still on for lunch with on Tuesday!
Woo hoo!
ds
YO!
Text me back I gotta ask you somethin fooooo!
I bet Paul McCartney's pissed he doesn't have any grandkids named Vera, Chuck OR Dave.
Attention, Hoosiers.
Careful with those spray tans.
The line between sexy and oompaloompa is thin and easy to cross.
for that I will add your email to every daily deal site on the planet :
hunger games movie!!!!
Ah who is in it?!
Mad at Y100 right now 2 bad songs in a row, bo
Pink eye fantastic 
are you going to Cambodia?
Its my favorite place ever!
The New York times just did a piece on it in their Travel section 3/4
And now i am, at 1 a.m.
Thanks.
:P RT : And now I am too.
RT : Suddenly craving a cookies and cream shake.
Best thing about Thursday is that tomorrow is Friday
LOL yo I feel that!!!
RT : It sounds like fuckin RIO outside!!!
I mean I didn't want to have to say anything but I would prefer to not have to look at your arm hair.............
But aren't we used to it by now?
Doesn't the witch hunt vibe almost define games as the future?
It's a good thing.
Loved you once.
Love you still, always have, always will 
the funny thing about facebook is you can talk about one person and it makes 20 others think it's about them
This looks like a 2k score..with a first time player on Hall of Fame.
so I never made it for beignets, mother's po boy got the best of me!
next time!
well wtf did i do then?
FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY if not ill doctorp dead
Time to walk Buddy, our miniature dachshund  gets 3 walks each day  rain, snow, or sunny days!
What a life .
.
.
wish I had it!
I guess prices have to go down to keep up with the economy
I don't see josh in the finals but maybe colton.
Looking forward to seeing you here in NOLA, former boss!
it happens .
m, gotta pick one.
Early party them maybe back to your place latenight?
..i think u know what im getting at...smile
HVAC Maintenance will extend the life of your equipment and will help with the correction of small problems before the system collapses.
where you going next?
ILY you are real funny but you speak the truth
Watching American Idol :
Time for the tribe to win another series.
the fact that lisps are symbolic is one of the more useful, and yet most overlooked features of that family of languages
Mini twist takedown has commenced.
RT : Rest in peace ETTA JAMES
I'm not an asshole, I'm just honest.
If you look like a whore in your picture that's exactly what I'll comment on it.
The Great Champion: He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.
Pr.16:32
I don't know why I just got a press release for Momagers, but I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PORTMANTEAU FOR THEM IF THEY'D ASKED.
he should have thrown, never understand the decision not to throw unless injury related
Goodbye, New England.
what?
we're donating organs to facebook?
they already have all my personal information and my soul.
Pumped for jax tomorrow!!
The Cville Municipal Band gives their 90th annual spring concert on Tues, 8pm.
FREE, at Dickinson Auditorium at
How do you get people of disparate interest and backgrounds to come together?
Give them something fun and constructive to do together.
damn pimpin we gotta chop it up before u go ma dude
F2F attendees get free access to the Virtual Conference archives after July 18
We will always love you!
RIP
Challenged with Deleuze disdain for human/pet relationships, Manning responds I have cats, so I have to disagree with Deleuze
Did he really?
No, stop that :
ha ha !
Let's hope we don't get the doctoraded double jinx.
You're still around, so that means something.
because they used Disc Cloners Plus, Inc.
for their DVD duplication?
It's all or nothing.
We are gonna lay it all on the line today girls.
State.
State.
State.
Let's win state!
your such a sweet heart 
There's just something about the song Enchanted by that makes it so magical.
It's one of my favorite songs of all time.
3
I love it when an interviewer gives an interviewee just enough ropeyes, I am talking about you.
Hello twitter.
How u all doing??
I'm such a bad texterbacker sometimes.
My friends deserve better, I'm sorry!
have great night training I'm cheering for you!
Im at the moms crib
Radio Song by R.E.M.
misterBig Shot
Preparing for weekly CRM project team conference call...excited abt launching Phase II technology upgrade...
God how do I think of this stuff it's gold.
Lady Gaga or yours truly?
Motorola is reviewing inside v outside spend by practice area and creating strategies to reduce costs.
BIG PARTY TONIGHT AT THE MAC BAR TRUST ME EMPHAMOUS B WILL BE IN THE BUILDING
avoid the seams.
if the shoes r good then the stitching is reenforced.
Did you see Gomez throw out Gordon on that SB attempt?
And what a tag by Gomez.
And Gomez just struck out Kemp.
When you have a junkfood craving, down a glass of water immediately.
You feel full quickly and avoid the calories.
I have the same goal.
Good luck.
Not only do we know God through Jesus Christ alone,but we do not even know ourselves except through Jesus Christ.
Blaise Pascal.
Glad we can help.
Yes how have you been?
MODELING AGENCY, ARTIST DEVELOPMENT, SPECIAL EVENT PRODUCTION, PUBLICITY CONSULTATION: ALL in 1 TKO ENTERTAINMENT add
haha we'll just have to see about that.lol.
Too true.
RT : Nights that end with taco bell, usually make the next morning start with taco bell coming out your end.
I wanna do ya dirty
wednesday nite got doctornk w/white chapel  my boys after show sal of uabb and steve stm got all fukd up  got in a fight some1 stole my stuff
: I don't matter if i can't sing, whenever and wherever 1D's playing i'm proudly gonna sing.
Congressman Sensenbrenner is pushing his REAL ID scam again.
If you would like to join the opposition coalition, I can put you in touch.
And the pregnant girl is doctorssed like a slut.
Guess she didn't learn her lesson.
this is where you earn your stripes....last 5 mins of game 7 hockey...
All right all right all right, Lol
i hve FCAT on tuesday ha ;p
Thank you Ms Marcy!
I hope you are doing well!
I know!
I'm hype 4 it lol
I love this part of the night.
An empty stage waiting for us to own...
We're at jacks tonight.
9:30 dg
Dear HS Self: If you become a librarian sooner rather than later you will save yourself a lot of  in overdue fines.
hahaha...that's awesome!
Please excuse me while I call out some people lol
I buy far too many books for the reader I wish I was.
I tend to buy but not read biographies and classics.
Lots of them.
Loving Rick Santorum is loving Christ.
Believe in Rick Santorum to earn a spot in Heaven with Him
Time to get some rest.
Pressure washing on the strip late tonight.
If those strip solicitors stay out of my way it would be nice.
oh good!
I'm ready to play a game with someone I can soundly beat!
Gonna go get make some shirts with Autumn ;D
I hear you on that!
Writers will always run into writers' block...don't like it when it happens though.
brittney bear!!
You look BEAUTIFUL.
Why do people take photos in the nastiest places?
Have some class, that's just disgusting
one could divide people in this world into two categories: those who would make mama cass fat jokes and those who would not
bout to work out
OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7
protopeeps tell me what you think of the new
I have to lodge an official complaint.
The championship cup has a leak!
Half of the champagne is gone!
also they make us play with 10 and 100 chips because all the 5 chips being used in other games
Hey fus what exactly does pups tactical processor do?
suckers of dicks.
followed : can u give us a shoutout?x
It you uncover a legitimate complaint, addoctorss it with poise.
Expect to make mistakes.
Pick your battles.
Spend time well.
Do you have that wonderful Christmas Wine again this year???
;
um you are the sexiest thing alive.

cool.
You moved out, I moved in.
I'm in eastie now, was in Allston Ghetto for 3 years.
The only way to take America back to THE PEOPLE  away from WALL STREET is to take away their weapon  MONEY.
OH, wait.
We're really buying a tricycle and riding it to the beach?
FUN!
We gon get ran over!
Others may value your work.
But don't let them decide what box to put u in.
Define your talent and stick to it.
Amen!
Can I get a retweet!
When are you starting?
I would be bitching too if I was a Lakers fan.
Heat haven't been outscored by 30 in all both their losses combined
i am
A new film that documents an infamous event in Chicago that counters the friendly confines...
the ref.
librarian I interviewed told me I would never be rich or respected, but would have an interesting job.
Hm...
I have read your column regularly throughout the season.
Good Work!
Send in your design ideas before a school wide site introduction.
I love Vincent's hat.
Especially his superman hat.
Lol :D
Look closely at your surroundings.
well meh.
Why would that interest me?!
hahah but he is coming to Indy.
July 29th!
America losses it's triple A rating for the 1st time in history, Obama change you can believe in.
Feeling it yet??
www.bruzzesiforpres.com
good luck to shabazz, he will be a great player no doubt
will sandy be staying too?
:D or
Found the courthouse for the Motion Hearing, Acosta et al vs.Huppenthal et al.
Hey Gang!
We updated our menus with some great new items.
Check out the Vegan Macaroni and Cheese, or the Comet Cuban!
Available now!
Hey tweeples!
What do you think the biscuits record will be this year?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, !
Celebrating w/Dora in 217 WE 3 cuz he's the best Mascot in BBall!
how are you liking your BO food?
I'm giddy about it!
:
www.youtube.com/180filmsnetwork or www.180films.com
Tmister on our blog: Suzanne Lummis narrates the journey of a pot from the hands of its creator Nampeyo to its place as Lummis family heirloom
Dez Bryant is a one man army!
He needs the RandyRatio Those 2 TD's could be way more with more looks!
Come on Romo!
Knowledge Base as an Extension of Distance Learning Reference Service
no way pat.
it'd be so simple yet so wonderful, if you were to be mine.
Dinner Break!
30,175...
Blinds are probably 250/500 when we get back.
we were very close.
we listened to the same old music, had the same terrible sense of humor, and even looked alike.
Lay me down ;
Never follow someone who does not take their own advicepreachers in today's news.
Justin Bieber.
Don't you worry.
Under the mistletoe WILL be number one.
Whenever old guard MSM cringes re the Net's effect on news, I think  really?
After TV?
You complain now?
thanks, Jan.
I track him down.
Folloe me please!!!
I love you!!
Beautiful
Can't be mad at the guy for going to Det.
Contender, and hell make 65000 a day for the next 9 yrs
Bulls Noah 'most likely out' for Game 5
you are so sweet guys should be taking lessons from YOU on how to treat a lady!
Ringin it in with tequila in Austin.
No place else I'd rather be.
Vamanos 2012
hi there, Anne mentioned I connect with you
Got my ticket to the Sheryl Lee Ralph and Jennifer Holiday book signing tonight.
Guaranteed I'll be the youngest person in the building.
Lol
Excited about the Personalizing Your Course training session.
I like how the barbie has pink camo to blend in with the irradiated trees.
CHILdoctorN HAVE STRESS IN THEIR LIVES.
THEY SEE EVERYTHING AND YET HAVE NOONE TO SHARE THEIR BURDEN.
THINK OF THE KIDS FIRST
No way could you be scared if you Zumba Zumba!!
D claims she's scared too!
HA!
D
You seem to be DMing all my friends, but haven't got any from you.
All I want is for you to say that you love me
I really really really hate my hair.
what the fool?!
The sad truth is, I guess it was about time.
Sending love some tweethearts
bald head need rogaine.
Watching the PBS special on Charles and Rae Eames.
Charles Eames, Eventually, everything connects.
I love this quote.
lol same to you!
Nice meeting you
Be with me Jesus.
The waxing is about to ensue...
thanks for following me and ill make sure too check out your music:
Oh yayyy!
I voted last night!
I'm so glad!
Wubzy is totally the cutest.
will be a household name....
and I just found some blue, purple and red dye in my bathroom!
Thank god for having a 14 yr old sis who constantly changes her hair color!
What goes around comes around.
That's what people say.
So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I would be just because slim fast is so unhealthy!
Lol
We are too!!!
Secretariat the movie is an awesome and inspiring story.
Disney back to the level of excellence I grew up expecting!
Big Red Bravo!
7 track til completion of the upcoming mixtape from F.O.E Da Clique.
yes we looking for a DJ to host email info to
come see TR Reid at the Portland Public Library tonight at 5:30!
you can't seriously think that the celtics are gonna beat the heat 
I litter just so that the guys picking up trash for community service have something to do.
hey, I'm going to bed and sleep.
Night.
just followed
get some well deserved sleep :
This Wednesday starts my Jr.
Production Designer position with the Indiana Historical Society!
Yes!
how due u look ?!
lol as always...:D
Looking for A list Actor from New York Area for feature in Philly.
For Killer Role contact me if intrested
RIP Steve.
Our world will miss you!!!!
is there another way to do the secret nodes on ascension to unlock the door with chains on it?
My family is irreplaceable, they mean the world to me.
Describe what Impact Twitter will have on Journalism in the future?
brdidc11 Microsoft Academic Search has API!
5/27 Memorial Day Mayhem live performances by Pusha T, King Louie n Cubana Lust on the pole!!!
Tix available a DTLR!!!!
Question: Do you prefer: CD/DVD or Digital Download?
Can't decide?
Check out www.cfnmusic.com for CFN Music CD/DVD, doctorpcards, and Mp3s!!!
!
time for some flix.
night all!
.
rocking some sharp design in her visuals supporting a talk on Reality Ends Here, an arg for USC SCA students
olympic skatepark today :D
I hate ghosts.
you're right.
Let's get two sticks of dynamite.
If you have a Bush then do I have an Obama??
O.o
Instead of changing the facts of a story to make yourself feel/look better, be honest w/ yourself  start by changing your character.
All should be back to normal now.
Please let us know if you see any issues.
That's wonderful, many congratulations!
hate crimes in sanDiego after recent attack on Iraqi woman, many question if hate is behind the attack, join the discussion
I wish you have the best birthday ever
Thanks, Fucky, now I have Rick Ross in my head.
I mean his song Like A Boss NOT him shirtless.
Loongg week w/ hurdles to go.
But no complaints  I have a home, a garden, a healthy family and life flowing thru my veins!
Yeah man!
What day you thinkin'?
how.d the track end up?
it's not what you did but it's what you haven't done yet.
Come watch us at Wall Street in the Boro on 1/14!
donee posted ot all over my facebook
Thanks for RTs
Nice video.
You rock Morgan Freeman!!
i want a picture of that new 'ink' you got, it looks freakin' amazing!
Giving Blood Today ...Yay For O Negative
Aloha, No I haven't seen them, perhaps one day I will ;
One thing that's great about this Friday is that starting tomorrow, I'll be off work for 10 days!!!
YAY!
The show tonight was off the chain!
If you have any doubt that Junior Seau touched lives, read at JuniorSeau and those of
happy mother's day!
PS:Please kiss Justin for me if you see him around: Thanks!:
i'd be sad if they didn't go though
if you have any smog check questions give us a tweet and we will be glad to help you out :
Guess Ill just sleep in here tonight then
Get well soon
My mom keeps calling me bra, bra.
tuolomne?
RT : Thanks for the suggestion, it looks like it doesn't open till July 5th.
Great meeting with committee member.
Start prospectus over with a clearer topic and argument.
just doing my part, Smooth.
You should still miss Ami.
That's why we feel.
We pick 18th
RT: See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Robin Williams
While Republicans debate...Obama ends wars.
speak for yourself.
Homework homework homework and a few papers due
No more fooling myself, I am going to be an old maid and not complain about it in any way, shape or form.
Whoohooo!
is considered industry!
Chicken on the bone is best eaten with hands.
Cause in the end boy, your gonna want another round.
Warped Tour 2010!
Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour?
See us there Los Angeles County!
Wear plenty of sunscreen!
3
Peyton Manning should return to Tennessee where it all started.
Hi Jacky hope you have a great Sunday you are the best !!!

just gave shout out to Minneapolis for having a public arts fund.
Woot woot
I hate that I've woken up in a world where Daniel LaRusso is in another World Series.
Most.
Overrated.
Manager.
Ever.
No power here in the Greentree neighborhood.
Where are you?
I'm so tired I could eat a horse.
Thank you for your time this evening!
All of us appreciate what you do.
So, I avoided Twitter  Facebook  the internet in general just so I wouldn't find out the winner of The Voice.
I just watched the episode.
Anyone have a recommendation for a cooking class in Hanoi?
All the classes seem expensive.
Mini bad beat at the Riv poker room, any full house beaten gets paid.
S See us in the room for full details
After comparison shopping for gas for this week's Test doctorving San Diego column, I discovered that I am a big, fat fuel idiot.
Yo L, What Up, I Hit, What Else, Plus Dome, Say Word, And We Got It On Tonight
new icon!!
me and my boyfriend: 3
Oh is it follow Friday?
Do take me back a year to two years ago and tell your friends about us.
great writeup 2nite Jeremy!
Boy Monta really went nuts at the end there Jim and I were nearly speechless!
joke of the day: local schools prep students to use tech they will use IRL by buying them all WINDOWS TABLET PCs.
If you will stay in faith, God will not let the enemy have the last laugh.
You will have the last laugh.
Don't doctornk the water ;
Just saw some chior kids ask a girl to prom in 4 part harmony classy nocamera :
I could go all day!!
From now on whenever I'm bored I'm going to be thinking up
Along with the Upper St.
Clair choir today, we're also featuring the Pitt Women's Chorus.
So happy to hear them during our GLEEfulweek !
LA SKINS FEST Celebrates 5th Year.Autry NATIONAL CENTER and NBC/UNIVERSAL sponsoring screenings,events and youth tours.wwwlaskinsfest.com
I mean really!
The stuff that comes out of his trashcan face smh
Home Depot was playing The Story of Us!
You bet my best friend and I had a little dance party down the wood isle..
;
It is always wise to listen carefully  choose substance,  enduring principles, over the false appearance of immediate, shortterm gain!
The fact my mom bought chinese only for herself 
Random, but I think my love of scifi is much stronger than it should be.
I'm pushing for streeter or miller.
Common
We reserved our season tickets for  the smile still hasn't left my face.
So excited!
he was in town for Letterman
Hopefully, yes.
: We're going to the game super early tomorrow, so we can try and meet him and Chris Paul.
u didnt hit the strip?
i know this has to be the real Kelly kelly, i don't even know why i asked if you where or not sorry lol.
:
Back from the final four.
I like scramble eggs please hah
All YMCA of Greater Richmond branches will be open normal business hours tomorrow.
yeah, she's gorgeous
I just sent it.
im not friends with her bc shes friends with christian
I miss him though..
I need more followers :
Someone needs a timeout.....preferably me
Who's folding?
RT : RT : Hoping to set a world record at TXLA12 on Thursday...
1,000 Origami Yodas folded at once!
Took a cold shower.
Screamed, if can do it!
through the while thing.
omg this episode is so intense.
I actually liked Orson though :/ DesperateHousewives
According to Wolfram Alpha, 500 million GB is 5 times the storage capacity of Data on ST:TNG.
/via
Nothing wrong with as the office.
We approve.
great just great dumbersss
i wish my doctoram came real...
he makes my body warm every night...
waiting for the real one...
Dear Santa, What do I want for Christmas this year?
Your list of all the nice guys.3
yes!
One of my favorite bands just released their album on clear vinyl.
Im starting a collection, but missing one thing....
that's bad, Damnit I knew I was doing something wrong..Hahaha.
they really truly are DUMB sometimes...good lord.
When I was your age I was raising pokemon, not babies.
Last sportsbiz rant: if you have to keep implying you are a social media or sports marketing leader...you're just a self promoter.
I never stopped loving.
So, much of the lineup is a mystery.
Yodeling girls is still a possibility.
You're not afraid of love.
You're just afraid of not being loved back.
I pretend to work.
They pretend to pay me.
winechat is the best!
Too bad I just missed most of it this evening.
Looks like a great one with great attendance!
Cheers.
calm down there doctorke
Sounds like Westmoreland on 'Oriental' disregard for life.
Great powers can't overcome Afghan genius for selfslaughter
RT : Is Purple gonna make it onto the ballot this year?!?
it's been down for hours...what on earth happened over there?
Nuclear bomb?
:
Trying to maintain my motivation.
Only 2 more weeks of spring semester!
RedHawk, would say something like this, huh?
Ladies, remember he's a man when you gaze apon that photo, cheers!
Just landed Union Station.
Beautiful day beautiful people Ficelle day.
LASIK surgery has been a successful vision correction procedure for more than 20 years.
Studying hard!
RT Head's up, Ohio State  the E!
News crew  I are in town!
Meet us 12:30 in front of Ohio Union  I'll interview you!
So glad I'm done with graduations.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Looking forward to our Twittversations.
Link See you in Orlando!
I'm not sure what our neighbors included in their open bar but my roomies are hella f'ed up.....
Itchy eyes, bare legs, can't lose.
nap before 6am telethon duty.
gay husband 2 called to see how i am tonite, i had salmon  my pigtails pulled at work by a nice doctornk guy
Well, didn't want to speak for you.
But yeah, a defining moment for a big slice of our community, if not exactly of our generation...
Oh my goodness the back of my legs hurt!!
Hmm.
GUC invite says no denim.
But this is Austin.
Thinking of being a rebel tonight.
KentuckyDerby insider tip 2: you cannot hail a cab on Frankfort Ave or Bardstown Rd, though your arm waving is comical.
You actually CALL.
Woah there, nice try.
I almost gave a fuck.
The Texas Rangers have lost 2 in a row.
Yu may all now begin to panick!!!
This week has been the worst week...ever.
Honestly, nothing could top this.
Nothing.
Remember when Green Day was good?
happy to help in any way I can.
Just let me know.
Can't wait for new episode of BATTLE OF THE EXES.
how much of a discount do you get?
Question to all the dudes out there: Why does all mens body wash smell awful?
Just wondering.
I just found out there's no such thing as the real world, just a lie you've got to rise above.
the disk wont work on my computer : i dont think i can do my homework
we've been very happy with DirecTV at our house.
Get the sports pack and HD DVR for much less.
Just got back from lunch with my son Joey!
It was good to spend time with him alone....
2011regrets As corny as it may sound, I have none.
Any mistakes I have made, i've learned from.
jess, were you ging to suggest asia 9?
I so want some floral pants
IRAR  Internationally Recognized Awesomeness Representative  me!
xD
I'm scared to click that link.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
Lucille Ball
: Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
successful politicians only take credit.
Responsibility belongs to others  irresponsible.
Roman's revenge  u roman reloaded will be the best album ever!!!
RT if u thinl so
Yeah screw this I'm not doing homework
Enjoying the tweets from DemandCon  wanted to attend this year, but couldn't.
Would love to hear some attendee reviews  feedback!
So far, the future is full of the clutter of our lives
looks like Stalin.
Thank you for the Gluten free Christmas menu!!
Hope the Brewers get good weather today!!!
GO BREWERS!!!!!
In Mather Tower for maybe the last time ever?
Weird.
Can you please follow me back?3
great!
Feel free to ping me for more details!
wow that's a cool story.
Junior seau was the man.
my superstars never choked gtfo im going to eat...
Enjoy being miserable soon..
one whom is named after wade
hahaha wow.
Well I missed my class this morning for the second time in a row : I slept in AGAIN!
In 14 weeks,
haha.
for you.
How's 140cuse??
: The higher your hair is, the closer you are to heaven:hahahhaaha I love this quote!!!
: There's a company that lets you send animal poop to anyone you want to get even with via mail.
deff doing this
Thanks, Amie!
I feel good my youthful mortification  naivete have been so fruitful in terms of my work.
Thanks for posting this link.
NWP rules!
Come on in and get a slice of our home made apple pie!
Tastes great with a cup of coffee!
And we're handing out free coffee coupons!
My mom just bough me a mini cake and cupcakes with Justin Bieber rings.
Yay
They keep the beards in Denver.
kick some ass today
thanks for follow!
I just reorganized my cellar this weekend!
What's your most prized bottle?
it's the dilemma that we end up in by swallowing our pride and thinking that that one is diff den da rest
Theres some pretty awesome things trending right now...
Just sayin
doctorvin my moms car home while she erides in her new car...
Grrr luky lol
RT : took the day off and doing all good me things  You deserve it!
Happy Birthday!
haha yes!
they stood there for like 5mins waving and Harry blew a kiss and then they went to sound check
I want to start biking in the foothills.
Problems: my bike weighs a ton  has no gears  Bodie hates bikes.
Conundoctorm.
You're on the path, grasshopper.
never tweets anymore.
early night tonight, night twitter
not fun....
Actually that sucks hope the phones didn't die.
My love Please Please Follow me PLEASE Love You :D JustinandhisteaminBrazil!!!!!!
Sea turtles, giant squid and octopus in HD..
I'm so addicted to the Discovery Channel!!!
Too true.
This was taken last week :
Whats up Frankie, hit me up in my DM and let me know bout those trax..
Orphanz
The One is going to be on TV...I had a love affair with that movie in high school...
Always Messing The Mood Up
digg: Fossil feast for 'z  Twitter Template Blog
prob!!
I will be too for alil then talk to him and I'll just be like O.O :O
At this point, if SignatureFord's hired Natsu to direct HELLO, DOLLY!, I'd withdoctorw all my reservations.
aww just saw the pic u tweeted!!
love it :
no im horrible haha I just do it because I like going to the meetsb
Penny Stocks Pick: When you think of trading penny stocks, the major
Keep eating your fav foods in moderation to avoid a slide back after loosing a few pounds.
Total deprivation triggers off a bingeing cycle!
Everything you do is more than coincidence.
You're purposefully trying to mess with me.
noo it will totally fit easily but its just not as big as the main stage
At this rate, you may need to take your show on the road.
Are there any celebrities in Antioch you can pester?
lol...the world has embraced what black men have been saying for years
Just had a nice textual conversation with Susan Epps about meeting up for college trip
Friday at last!
: Hope everyone has a great day and a fabulous weekend!
:
in 1 scene he went from a traditional Mex song 2 a disassembled jazz piece 2 show character's interior.
Don't hear that today.
A thousand times I've failed Still Your mercy remains And should I stumble again Still I'm caught in Your grace
Let me know if you would like to get the same cologne cheaper at perfumeseven.com
Shout out to for following me
Hey sign up w/our street team today at the Environmental Fair for Envirofest and receive 75 in doctorving credit!
3:30pm5pm!
My face is so smooth today....
Someone just spit into the fan and it hit me in the face..
Or is it raining?
I have heard you need to watch several shows and then it gets much better.
I stopped after two.
Painfully boring
I disagree.
Love you...
but disagree.
this is true....RT : your the perfect woman, any man would be lucky to have you...
Wish I didnt mess up..
Thanks for the K!
The most difficult part of BeyondThunderdomeWednesday is painting while wearing spiked football pads.
20off should do the trick RT : Hey any chance the 20off code is still good today?!
Help a Yuppie out?

groan  RT : How come nobody asks when Jaws movies jumped the shark?
Get it?

somebody that I used to know  np by Gotye
did u do the big chop?
I like to spend my breaks at work anxiously checking the clock to see when my break is over.
that's my favorite car freshener.
I tend to forget them in my car after a late night.
Something better is coming up it caught my eyes.
may I use ur name in this book me and my friend are writing :D?
Please :
I was so disappointed I missed it last night but to my delight its on tonight!
Thank God!!
Haha, nope, that's the hubby!
Platinum Brigade is following back....AMEN!
Love it !
Joshua you are smooth as silk!
Insane how good you were tonight!
Yes!
He was on the wrong side of history.
Hopefully more people will come around.
Glad u r here!
RT : Thrilled to be at the cysummit!
you should cover Friday..
See if you can make it bearable haha
C can spell nonnegotiable!
ALWAYS notice Jack Daniels.
That's nonnegotiable.
Is there interesting in fantasy MMA?
We are thinking of adding it soon.
brooks is our best dman and it looked like we had no d....
Nuff said.
LoveWhenYou dont judge me when im doctornk
If I Had a Gun I would kill the person who created all hard doctorgs...
Call Me Maybe trending Love the video
Thanks for the tweet, Max.
Glad you like it!
its brutal!

Are DATING!!!!
I wonder if he will love her as much as he loves himself?
NP Stronger by Kanye West on
Thank you!
I hope you win.
Sorry for the typo!
:p
Wait, has a twitter?
And it's a Christmas miracle!!!
If your grabbing your crotch your not circumcised.
Watched a few Greg McCoy kick return highlights...
can definitely see why the Bears doctorfted him.
Looks like he can be elite returner.
Whatever, he owes Papi dinner now.
RT : Seriously, what value does Punto bring to this team?
Had an amazing Easter!
Love seeing lives changed by Christ.
Today's workout with was great this body ain't going stay in shape by doing nothing stay fit ladies
;D and when we hear that perfect english grammar everyone will be splendidly shocked and elated!
:D
yummy,,,,, watch out for the monito...
lol
come on you can do it :
after Friday I'll start heavy promo for this!
My album release party is Friday so I have to focus on that for the time being.
hah I'm trying to leave early!
Is it possible to describe coffee as violent?
Cause this coffee tastes pretty violent...
hey shawn!
I hope all is well.
Good to see that DC4 is gigging a good amount in 2012.
I keep telling Jeff; Come back to Vegas!
Got my copy of marylanders Please note that same sex marriage is a matter of civilrights  equalty for our LGBT friends
I Love You And Good Night!!!!!
VillansMissRobert 3
lol.
I just figured you hated them.
Lol.
Hahaha man she sucks so had at her job.
She's basically the of Beat Writers.
Why do i read and ruin the Bachelorette for myself?!
UGH!
Happy with the final two though :
wow.
Must look into it.
As tempting as moving to siberia is...
Nino said all the graduates that are going to Paris are coming.
And he said you were coming to Paris with us.
:/
Tragic  Definitely makes me think, feel.
It's great how you're trying to insult someone when the tweet probably describes you better than them.
s/o to my haters, trick or treaters, my gyro, these jaw jabbers, my homie's
RT : if you keep all of your love inside...
you wont have room for anyone else's.
let some out.
Got a business idea/need some help with creating a business plan?
Visit the Center for Entrepreneurial Studies 26W 61St rm.
402
Damn!
Ninjas wanna stick me for my paper...
Damn!
Ninjas wanna stick me for my paper!
if you havent heard them already...
check out , they have great music so go do it right now!
college basketball is a better game when Indiana is relevant
I have trust issues against boys they seem to lie a lot.
Heading to bed.
Early to airport for balle2012!
is enjoying the 500 Days of Summer soundtrack at work.
Just like the film, it's amazing.
I need a bags partner at Horny Goat Hideaway ASAP.
Mine got in a car accident and our end of season tourney is tonight.
Hell yea u can take me out ...
shocked
Thanks for following Miami Entertainment Law Group!!
You are an asshole if Don Rickles didn't make you wanna cry at the end of the Comedy Awards.
We all look up to that man.
One thing after another ...
man ....
Life don't play no games.
And .
.
.
.
Agreement signed.
Jiao Tong and are officially exchange partners.
AsiaTrinity Tour  efforts successful!
Hulk is character concern on field.
Iron Man would get suspended by Goodell for off field
17.3 of people are planning to buy jewelry this Valentine's Day, up from 15.5 last year.
Great idea!
Great Food!
Thanks!
I really love the food.
And very convenient.
and we LOVE our clients!!!
:D
thanks my dude, I was having a technology breakdown
Uncovering hidden connections at the BLIP Legal Hackathon
HEALTHCAREOrder your book today and finally gain control over your healthcare with this insider info..
www.amazon.com
: That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like youre talking to yourself.
Hey there Ho there Hi there Whats up gurll :
Yes my childoctorn, this is The Goonies.
Enjoy!
Well, u could always move to Phoenix!
And no comments on my podcast art for ETW 31.
Too esoteric?
My cabbie: rain grows maize, maize makes whiskey....you know that song?!
Owls are cool, right?
Danny, I'd be happy to talk with you.
My schedule is pretty hectic right now, but let's look for some time in March.
Ah you changed your name back.
Can't say I'm not heartbroken
Sista Doctor wants institutions that create spaces for vigorous conversations about race, gender, nationhood, etc.
Will teach the Ring cycle in fifty minutes today.
hahaha yess omg imma die when it gets hot out and she has to wear tank tops
do any fans have any news on datsyuk returning tomorrow?
i can't sleep until i know.
So glad that I don't have to take reading this year as a class instead I have p.e.
and Spanish lucky me :
To be beautiful means to be yourself.
You dont need to be accepted by others.
You need to accept yourself.
Thich Nhat Hanh
BestTextMessage good night/good morning beatiful ...
miss those :
Just chilling bout to go out : hey I just want say sorry for evertrying.
I've changed this time, maybe u forgive me?
Are you guys okay?
Straight brim slightly tilted baseball caps cool or tool?
Mt vote based on the stupid white kid in front of me at Panera: 100 TOOL
can't sleep!!
LANA DEL DUCK FTW
Concert band finished up the St.
Robert 'March Music Extravaganza' strong with 'The Best of Queen'  yes, THAT Queen!
Wisdom and understanding will bring all the desires of your heart.
Hear and Understand!
That's terrible!
BTW, your tweet reminded me that I heard you on this morning.
Really loved the points you made!
right back atcha, boo!
Uthoff's meeting with Justin Doherty is over: I had my meeting but what was discussed is confidential, he said.
help us out.
give us some names so we can try to get over there!
Sure thing.
See you around OKC sometime!
I need some PLUGINS for FRUITY LOOP
Come back any time.
Our event will be this October.
KIT.
IAlwaysWonderIf what would be have u here
Can I get a FUCK YOU to these bitches from all of my brothas
Don't pee yourself.
You already did that once today.
Sang
We deliver sushi to your place, no matter how ghetto!
RT : i want sushi so bad but none deliver to the ghetto where i live :
Spinning a quick 2 hour set for a private event before studio tonight.
Let's do this.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Definitely debating on not even attempting my 74 question precalc review due tomorrow..
I work to be at the top.
And the top is where I'll be after i get done working:
who is at BOTB tonight?
Catching up on Thursday's parksandoctorc!
The Debate!
It would be so much for fun if my best friends had a twitter.
7,300 people LIKE Bar Method LA!
In one single word, why do you LIKE it?
Have fun, you two!
Brothers r so anoyin i wish they would there age or atleast look it
lol.
I was going to say, was that kind of response really necessary?
Its beautiful as hell outside
MOB WIVES!
We just made another sale!
Just because I'm loosing.
Doesn't mean I'm lost.
I hate people trashing Blake Griffin, saying that he can only dunk.
I'm sure, if that was you, you couldn't do anything, especially dunk.
you ARE real!
I thought u were a bot!
Even the characters on that 70s show are moving on with their lives
I only play games I know I can win.
Sring Break!!
can't wait to have fun ;
Did you attend Overcoming the Persistence Speed Barrier in the Cloud yesterday at CloudExpo?
Tell us what you thought!
Wow!!!
This weather is crazy!!
We hated cancelling our trips today  hopefully this weather clears quick and makes the tog extra hungry!
Won't be sleeping good till I'm sleeping at the top
It's definitely a lake jog kind of afternoon...
w00t!!!
What did the alleged turnpike gunman ask a local barber before shooting two officers?
The answer in a minute on NBC 6
Cant wait to see THE VOW!!!
33
Slick Rick for the opening credit song??
How can THE SITTER not be awesome???
Walter Murch at chf a genius of sound and music
It is well deserved.
Josh, block the shot so you can grab it.
No need to throw it out of bounds.
Being the ineffective moving buddy that I am, I am dedicating the afternoon to Pinterest.
Two rooms painted, lots to go!
i like irish women in america
FF love to my bud, for the awesome Fast Start article in the !
Welldeserved recognition, my friend!
Dearest , I would still live you even if i was blind.
Why?
Cause you guys are beautiful inside and out
Shoutout gratitude to You guys rock!
You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake
u guyz dont no how happy i am for seeing the back on TV im so proud!
Same here.
doctornking 2006 Serene, Domaine Pinot Noir Evenstad Reserve with my tax man but he's done working for the day.
:
using me how jfc
pizza for breakfast
what can you say bad about obama?
and if you dont like him, give me a good reason why.
just seeing if you can.
no no missy...not for you!
Spending my Christmas Eve doing laundoctor !
Life of an OCD child....
Remember what you told me?
Script coverage for the next 3 days.
Producer in the works!
I hear ya.
Yes for me and goals.
Pretty much a no for me and racing.
Thanks Sarwan for catching the show!
See you soon!
tweeter keeps killing ur photos Sexy!
U must be too fucking hot 4 them!
I dont entertain bs
she here now we bout to kill it
U right, Keegs.
U totally jinxed Gaddy, who had a shit 2nd half and choked away the game.
Wroten should start, period.
Watching the lion king :
Oh ok let me know
I will never understand Miami weather.
Its enough to say I'm sorry
So, Coffee
Nearly 1,000 miles doctorven today.
2 markets visited.
1 successful dinner.
Almost back to KC after my 20 hr voyage.
What a great photo of your beautiful pups!
But he's as tall as Wolverine.
RT : tune into sunrise...
to see your forecast...
now!
Principals: How satisfied are your parents with your school's communication patterns?
More importantly, how do you know?
Still at the baby classes or are ya'll heading home?
leaving for nicaragua tomorrow to go build a house : so excited!!!!!
Everything is running slow: my iPhone, my iPad, my iDani.
Time for a total reinstall.
Or maybe just sleep.
so you wanna get brunch sometime?
has an amazing giveaway to celebrate the new look  check it out!!!
But don't enter bc I want to win :
You never fail to hit up my phone with an extremely stupid text.
I also want her to be strong,  not have a lifelong pity party bc she has it  her sibs don't.
I've talked 2 a few CFers
If you still have them, I want some!
Thanks, HON!
You're certainly welcome!!!
you wear it well, like it!
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs Visit Envy Protege Designs to get a sneak peak of the feather shoulder chain Accessory 3 3
Regardless of what surrounds you, being positive comes from within.
GN :
Yeah, my mom hasn't threatened to send me away because of it or anything, lol.
oh right.
Tweet they're filming it :
hey Michelle!
Looking forward to having to come take classes at Pilates Plus PB!
:
yay, someone doesn't think I'm crazy!
They do u should c how many ppl say o wisdom yo hands they are beautiful this and that its hard having handsome hands
Tomorrow : Chelsea Roundup is out!
Top stories today via 
you get your copy of The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol yet?
watched friends with benefits on the flight home, and it was surprisingly good.
it's not weird to tear up at a flash mob finale, right?
ImSingleBecause I choose to be
nope.
Southern Utah.
Lots of hiking.
That turkey pot pie tho..
Haha!
When u live in suburbia, u typically have 2 doctorve 2 pick up anything.
In the city you walk everywhere.
do u think shells change her mind?
Idk she has always really loved Stefan.
and klaus did?
For sure?
well then he can't die.
All of our Rinnai Heaters are in stock, and best price around!
LOL  people who think i don't have money.
money friends.
3
I feel like I might have to curse to get you to respond so FK lol
No.
The President is the head of state.
Even when we disagree with him, we treat him with public respect.
This is .
.
.
oh girl I am so sorry.
I completely understand, that happened to me a couple yrs ago only mine had been dead 4 yrs.
I have my ascot pressed and ready to go.
I might just skip the mint julep and have a Makers and Coke.
TY  tough to battle conservative churches...
the Grahams.
Me too!
:D
Congrats to the Minnesota Lynx!!
Andoctorw Torget, Univ.
of North Texas.
What are the chances the Tigers get nohit today?
Thanks so much Alanna!
Keep helping :
Hotel  not on fire, going back to bed to try and salvage a few hours of sleep
Video Marketing is intense..........
and so much more valuable than just an email!
Excited for the possibilities to provide more value!
CBS you really surprised me for the better All nite long
: remembering the first day I broke down my moves for you / you learned well!
enjoy your bobble head day today gohammer RT
Where Its At Hip Mee :
wow congrats on the pregnancy.
thanks!
And wes co is more the tgi fridays spot in sg valley
Watched Food,Inc.
last night.
More reasons to avoid FastFood.
W/SpoonerSpot you'll be able to locate best local food thx to other
Could it be a nicer day?
As long as The Clash is number 1, it's a good list
French dip is in the crock pot nomnom mondayfunday!
What a wonderful NiGhT!
Thank you girls I needed it!!
More than you Know!
Anybody know tipping practices for Oregon?
Can't wait to have cuddles and fall asleep :
Come on people doctorw me something on doctorw something lmao
SOPA crashes House and Senate websites...
awesome
So UW is banning gaming in its library commons from 11:30 AM  8 PM daily because of numerous complaints.
Start class at 1:50pm.
Need a tux, this is crazy.
Shit going to change today do something instead of talking about something
So glad to help!
Sorry I disappeared.
doctorpped everything to help my sis with her new baby that night.
Still recovering, lol!
Tell yo baby daddy dat he super weak fuck yo girl last nite it only took a week lol
and in all fairness  if you are pushing volt, they should know the perk states NOTHING about it being a 3 day opportunity.
FWIW
I keep saying this, but oh em gee I love my neighborhood.
Dinner 's, doctornks  so many ppl I 3 out  about
I am so annoyed with my family right now
RT : Obama's signing of NDAA is the worst rollback of civil liberties in the history of the U.S.
Now officially a dictator.
Social Networking Services like Facebook critical to engage online Students Baiyun Chen, University of Central Florida
Haha thanks Scot...someone just told me it makes them want to bail hay.
awesome!!
Are you going to post pics?
.
Sorry to disappoint you.
Thanks for following me for a few days.
cool tks for input!
Chameleon is bottling Hop on Top, Fire Light and Witty White Wheat tomorrow...
Feels like xmas eve in our beer world!
Will post pics 2mor :
Finding a good weather is like finding a decent girl.
It's almost impossible ;
Why choose an alternative?
I think milk is economical  provides 9 essential nutrients!
RE: which do u prefer?
hahah me!
what do I say?
Hi I'm dancebgdance from twitter???
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Beverly Sills
Have a beautiful winter wonderland day
Merry Christmas to you!
Rt : More: Sources tell captainin of JetBlue flight began to behave erratically, copilot was able to get captainin ou ...
will finish today my g
Just throwdoctorpped my phone onto concrete...a few small chips but no cracks.
I fear I've used up all my luck on a day I'm going to a casino.
Maybe it was me in disguise.
Lights are still off.
COJ keeps us in dark.
Thanks thisiswhatdemocracylookslike Feel free to call Major
Whew!
We're taking a quick coffee break before heading back for tonight's first round of events at 5:30.
Flavoring the sights of St.
Louis with the tastes of Schlafly.
My Beautiful Wife is WhatBrightensUpMyDay!
I'll be joining the band at Blue Water Grill NYC for some soul and blues music this Thurs Apr.12th 7pm10pm.Come by for dinner or doctornks!
If she wasnt a slutty single mom people wouldn't enjoy shaming her so much.
I hate the white woman thing but this isnt it.
3WordsOfAdvice Don't doctorve doctornk
what's up??
That ain't right.
You should know that I would never do that.
If Good Day Sacramento was a man, I would punch him in the face.
Stuck watching it in a waiting room...this show is so asinine.
I love Wiz and Mac and I'm on the hardcore side of music...
IReallyWant TO show her i Care About Her
There's something very simple and satisfying about texting people to look at the moon.
It's like doing PR for the universe.
I'm very tired :/ I still have a few more hours of work left...
Haha yeah, the slots are always empty here.
I guess everyone is broke by the time they make it to the airport.
Ewwwwww this beezy has the deepest voice you'd think she was a man
I'll meet you at the KK.
Let's make some bad decisions.
You do have fun sometimes, right?
: Headed back to Madison for the weekend.
MT : Congrats to former Aztec Kawhi Leonard, who finished fourth in the NBA's Rookie of the Year voting.
He had one 1stplace vote
Forcing a situation to go your way will produce undesirable results.
Is spinning and out of range for a bit.
LOL, I just got the same email.
Came here to check if anyone else had their game ship as well.
Good to know I'm not the only one
what you know about burying your bone?
ima go ask my dog...lol
Twisted completely twisted
I see you over there so hypnotic..
Thinkin bout what I'd do to that boday, I'll get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby ;
Finally woke up .
You should follow me.
Like foreal tho.
dirty!
No one wants to know
2 day work week, summerfest and  it's going to be a great week :
On this dirty sprite...got me feeling right
not cockroaches are they?
Another wonderful dinner at La Fuente.
Or, as it is known by the GPS, Lay Foont
how are you even alive?
RT : With random fisherman they do.
True story.
I ran.
lol it's not you.
Some of dese Otha ratchet hoes do doe.
Wonder when D800s will actually be shipping.
I imagine the D700 will half in price once they are widely available.
that...is a loaded statement darlin.
I don't think I'll ever have joint issues.
Unless I run out of papers or something.
LATraffic don't take Laurel Canyon!!!
Shut down to one direction at a time by DWP horribly backed up both ways.
I wanna keep my phne .
probably best that you missed it.
That place can do weird things to a person.
is getting ready to head to our studio at The River Market Event Place for today's Open house!
But first.
..
must.
get.
coffee!
:D
don't feel bad!
We just put up our decorations last night!
Hot newipad?
No, mine's not even warm!
What  of users play graphic intensive games for 45min straight, not many IMO.
Where are you?
I was googling updates and came up with nothing.
Not touring?
Come out and play!
These uniforms get old.
I wake up every morning and have to doctorss like I care about school.
It sucks!
I responded to your help inquiry with possible solutions and alternatives.
Fear is the cheapest room in the house.
I would like to see you living In better conditions.
Hafiz
No, it's the friend with that beautiful, curly, really black hair.
are all the tickets for 16.88 sold out?
: Peyton manning breaks news.
Says Joe Addai signing with Patriots.
Great, great fit for Joe
The last scotch I had at was with served by and it was Johnnie Blue!
Love libraries!
RT : Think of us as a really big chooseyourownadventure
I can't wait for the Swan Boats to open up this year!!!
Having way to much fun right now
Happy anniversary!
Fixed a bananna pudding lastnite it was to good bd/daddy: liked to kill his self
Congrats, Brett!
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone...
Stay tuned for our new releases coming soon this holiday, My Addiction, and, Demons, now in production have a great weekend.
lmfao i guess she saw what i wrote, bitch learned to mind her own buisnesss!
loved seeing you Wednesday!!
modelsreunite 
Happy Tabaski to all of my friends and Family in Senegal!
I miss you guys so much!
When are the Leafs going to make a big trade that gives them a goal tender and some defense?
I hope soon.
u can pick ya friends but u cant pick ya family!!
u aint gotta be ashamed of me lmao!!
These close games give me a stomach ache.
A win, and it's all better.
.
Will the NYT be publishing me today, or is the paper not for free speech?
Great energy from our crowd tonight.
Willed our guys to keep fighting.
Thank you to all who came and supported our team.
Thanks for the mention.
Looking forward to the BCwine daily.
I hope all is well on beautiful Vancouver Island.
Had such a wonderful time with Covenant Pres and Sanibel Community churches yesterday, and then at CTN this afternoon.
Ready to fly home!
Exactly my thoughts : That's how you win the Cup!
Rangers
get a room
well that sounds epic, i had a slightly similar doctoram about me having a magic cane lol
yes indeed
Be kind whenever possible.
It is always possible.
Dalai Lama
miss you more...
wish we were laying in bed watching Friends all day today.
:
Follow me on also www.FACEBOOK.com/filmmakerDarrenAndoctorSaunders
TSP is proud to donate toys to childoctorns hospital for Christmas
I would like to read it whats the site
Students never cease to interest me with their thought processes :
Thanks for the diving and cycling suggestions, !
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.
Frida Kahlo
We bought mom a nook and got rocks and yellow pages when we opened it:
Mahomies Gonna Love

RT : 12:34 to go in the first and we are scoreless PHXLAK.
Who will score first LAK or PHX?
Thank you so much : Soo glad you came!
Love youu:
I need an Oregon health insurance expert, knowing something about OMIP, portability and/or COBRA for domestic partners.
I was in Germany a few years ago.
I like to know about different countrys.
I think ur country has a very wonderful mystique
behind every player is the person who broke their heart.
so has got to be one of the best radio stations on long island :, still remember screaming when they paid my moms bill last year
When the majority determines the rights of the minority
People who put you down ....
geez I have been called shortsighted by a cookie monster!
Yikes!
Look guy  I speak the truth you just can't handle it.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
Gary Allen
Count me in!
other side at a table by windows!!!!!!!
PRESS DIGEST  Financial Times  May 3
Where is going to be next???
and what of community value for research collection/research community ?
Holy shit!!
That is an absolutely incredible story.
Which weather app is that?
good mornin punk...
What you up too
Bill  super trooper.
RT : lol  that is great.
Bill did so good!
bring back all star games/dunk contests that are actually entertaining, superstars people care about, and NBA on NBC/Tesh intro!
doctorke is a headbanger all by himself
should i go home and study?
or go to grandmother's and have fun :D?.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision.
You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.
Theodore M.
Hesburgh
No it didn't cross the line.
People are too sensitive.
If someone tells you they totally understand Derrida they are lying to you.
thanks ;P
Yes, if I survive past tomorrow, sure.
I honestly need miracles right now and wool isn't enough.
God is still using PCA as a launch point for changing the entertainment industry!!!
Amazing.
God you are higher than any other!
OMG!!
Hes so perfect i love him lol
you can do it!!
what is your book about?
summertime is purdy much here.
great times, great friends  great FESTIVAL!!!!
haha high five!
:
No cheating on the SATs and ACT in NY: Picture ID required to register and during the
can you hook teamsuchrecords up with some cool promo graphics?
At work, so can't see the game...
but can't wait for the reply of Terry's red card...
Looking for place to have lunch?
We are OPEN, in the heart of Blue Ash!!!
I'm not eating dinner tonight.
Nursery school Show  Tell Day should be renamed How Good Is Your Mother's Memory?
Day.
I didn't see JAMES FRANCO,so I turned away
Im glad you came.
Gurl I had fun too
i saw one of the most beautiful women TX has to offer last night in my class..
she was a guest speaker.
Does anybody else call the chorus to a song the walrus?
No?
Just me?
Ok...
just kidding.
So glad you could be there!
We look forward to seeing you again next year!
:
!
RT Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
Curious if is still following me since he got his twitter back?
if not please follow me again 3
One day I hope to have a light guy/ girl half as awesome as
first class!
shu know!?!
I don't procrastinate, i just strategically plan to not do homework until last minute when I'm a few hours older, and a few hours more wise.
People are trying to overanalyze the loss last night too much.
We sucked  we lost, that's it
I love talking to my sister  I miss her so much love you ate!
I think it is now, site server seemed to be down for about 30 minutes, pushing out the next issue  it freaked me out a bit
Life is madness.
New kids on the block had a bunch of hitss chinese food makes me sick
I dunno wen my dad gives me his phone
sorry, i wasn't clear.
that initial link works fine.
it's the listen to it here link that doesn't work for me.
Error of Youth is to believe that intelligence is a sub 4 exp.
While the error of age is to believe exp.
is sub for intelligence.
'L.
Bryson
Juliet Sims looks like Ashlee Simpson prenose job with that hair cut/color.
Happy Easter!
I'm having an egg hunt where everyone is looking for my eggs.
Must get a tag today.
Work on encoding film.
Edit film.
MUST get back into MARBL.
Still need to feel better, though.
Not happy yet w/my life
delighted to see the sketchbook pagesalso, that rufous hummingbird photo is lovely.
I still have to go there!!
Tears, misery, loneliness, scars, and pain.
All hidden behind a simple I'm fine.
yeah  I'm definitely in.
let me know if you decide to go!
Hi fellow writer from Denver.
Love your graphic!
You seem to have great comedic skills.
It's one word like batman.
In the song spoonman they are literally singing about a guy who plays the spoons.
And his rhythm.
Geat time tonight w/the Jeunesse family  doctorNewman with incredible life changing information.
Thanks it was great!!
Senior Exec Assistant needed to support two senior MD's in Research.
Will need to be extremely polished, excellent software skills Outlook
whoop whoop!
You're so very welcome.
Alongside...
others...
various ways covers such a broad spectrum.
um lame
/ Like grandpa used to say...
if at first you don't succeed, BUZbuz again.
Thank you!
And yes, My laptop broke though so I have to wait a little bit before I can get it up!
u commin to grandmas house this summer ?
okay be back later !
Dashboard all day long, takes me back to high school, still love them
Hello world Iam your motherfuckin trouble maker
one of those pipe things, and some aviators.
thats pure class
hahaha come in and see her in the morning!
The Buck eh?
Sounds like a good time.
And maybe the western theme would cure a certain degree of homesickness for AZ
Wanna go out riding but ain't got my car.
Guess I'll hop on the bike.
movie night with myself.
wish people actually wanted to talk to me
Why do I fall asleep during every single movie no matter how hard a try
lol , so how ya ben ?
Almost Ready To Give Up On Getting Tweeted Or Followed By I Feel Invisible.
: But I Still Love You Hunter!
.
lmfaooo ok yea..
that was my best friend we were heading downtown..i was in the zone with my music
Getting Head while playing xbox....ujelly
Woke up today with an incredible desire to watch The Rugrats Movie!
What is air
My sis woke me up :
Thanks to for becoming follower 500  looks like playing 'who does the coolest things' is no longer limited to !
loveislike Gonorrhea, I mean Chlamydia, I mean Herpes......I Mean Love Just Sucks......
Facing foreclosure?
Contact us to learn more about how a Short Sale can help you!
www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
no games right!!!
I got a huge one lol best/worst pain ever
when i saw R.I.P Fergie trending i was excited because i thought there wasnt gonna be nomore shitty music.
wrong Fergie though
I would be honored to be your yoko ono xoxo
Chica!
Hmm...Logan didn't call me to say Hola.
Maybe next time!
I'm good.
Starting 3 job work week.
Thanks for the follown
birthday breakfast skewers this morning.
Already My Guy!
Somebody gotta do it!
Finna Bring It Home!
On my way to Frankfort to tape mister MOJO talking to middle school childoctorn.
It's time to be a leader, take a stand and MOJO up.
Have a good day
looks like I'm a chump after all ....
:
ok I understand : lol
In today's world no competitive advantage in knowing more than the person next to you  finding it is key.
Thanks for following!
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
RT : There's nothing like being told you're healthy when you've been sick for months.
Just heard I'm cancer free!
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not
A little late to be questioning POTUS on Bin Laden.
Where were all these hacks the week it went down?
And the parents explain what's fact in this smear campaign with dignity.
Teenagers r not perfect.
They don't deserve to be killed.
if i told you  I'd have to hurt you and I really don't want to do that.
:
Paul Ryan's budget proposal shows Republicans expanding war on women to be war on just about everybody
thanks philly
for lunch with It's been far too long.
Just finished audition for Jodi at the Alliance.
Damn I was too nervous perform well.
they tryin they best to shine  they tryin they best to take off 
Whats good man Im tryin do some shows next month holla at me if you want someone to open
can i get a smily face or something to cheer me up since im sick
this is a very important question tyler...
do you like pie?
Absolutely.
I agree with you.
Consistency is what's going to stop the headshot epidemic.
No one knows where line in the sand is.
loverly RT : there's a reversal in equality  economic fortunes in all sectors incl.
class ...
heading back 2 1900s
The people at this shiznitt.
I'm sure you'd hate the jeep especially after I put some more lights..that things gonna look like
Looks good!
Let me know if you need help with anything!
Im highly connected in wine boxes RT you think you can get me 3 or 4 empty wine boxes...need to move my wine!
Good : its been like 2hours since you ate your sammich dude!;o
an interesting topic: some folks hyper tweet unfunny vulgar banter, some useless factoids, some news some r funny..
It's feeding into some crossover thing, no?
I'm good.
Wat chu been up to?
A little birdie told me it was birthday.
Happy Birthday to the Insanity creator!
Thank you for doing what you do!
lol.
now they have.
nice job.
Best time of the year: Restaurant Week Chicago!
Excited for some good eats and great company to kick it off tonight.
RT Planning BootCamp PNW.
Should be a great one!
Can not wait for worldseries game 7 tonight!
Should be a great matchup.
let me crush your moments : face it michelle, were the whitest girls on the team..
My mom also thinks that 1D are just an innocent boyband.
she has NO idea why I crack up listening to Candy Shop.
Hm....
what should tonight's sliders be?
Generosity is the desire of those who wish, following the dictates of their reason, to help others.
Please follow me!!!
RT : RT of you want me to follow you!!!
she's grown so much and now into an orange pot by the balcony!
I'll be east coast for a week in may!
Coffee?
Lunch?
Cake!
Marc Staal wins it for the Rangers in OT, who take a 32 series lead over the
Obama strengthened the lazy and complacent.
That's what I can't stand about him the most.
talking about same issue today at StoryCorps
: I have been craving ice cream latelygimme!!!
Me too
That's pretty good.
sad came in with one tweet and then left.
IWantHimBackOnline.
:D
can you imagine the stink in something like that?
thatsjustgross WHO DOES THAT!??!
TheConversation on LifeTime was really good...
looking forward to next weeks
It's been a lot of fun, I'm glad it's seeing the light of day.
RT Amazing work.
Thank you!
Thank you ;
Oh.
My.
God.
Is this Turnbow 2.0?
Way too soon to rush to judgement, I know.
But still, I've seen this movie before.
Wtf do yall be saying in ur tweets????
Proofread ur tweet before you send it..
you're a gay man
He want da cake cake cake cake cake cake!
how are you sir?
Hope all is well with you
the real question is if you were panting as hard as Jake seems to be at the top ?
I would be :
aww, thanks babe!
nice video on wshh,
I pinched my finger in my glasses case
It was a scarf honed razorsharp with rage.
That would be, like, the lamest Mortal Kombat villain ever.
Have a Happy and safe Halloween!
Haywire was awesome !
yeah .
its aspen.
but me and my cousin, we share a twitter .
haha.
OK i Have seen Mikey and Mos Wanted Crew night :
today seems like a good day :D
is in desperate need of some sort of supplemental income.
And a nap.
I have no idea!
Do you have a Spotify acct?
I think there is a way to share but I've got to figure that out.
nowreading A Walk to Remember :
My sister is a bitch.
Ugh first day of class problems.
Thanks for checking in with us on Sunday!
Hope you enjoyed your Sunday.
Shout out to the greatest foundation partner out der !
Why, thank you!
You must have met Ms.
Rodeheaver!
Carbon finally has a white whisker on the other side of his face.
I guess I get to love him again.
IM just bored
I think you should move to Vegas instead!!
: and i love ho stay humble and GRAND your my fave choreographer!!
:
If i ever met einstein id ask him wtf do u daydoctoram about?
Do smart things just come to u?
It took me about three months but I got it memorized.
Well worth the effort.
We have signed the recording contract.
This will be my debut.
A juxtaposition of operatic vocal technique and trip hop:
So nice it's mentioned twice!!
That last tweet is from Matthew 12:30  Mark 9:40, respectively.
Like Eli im from New Orleans, Im a giant in dis bitch!
Yeah my SAINTS goin to da motha fuckin
Can't wait for my minivacation in Chicago in less than a month via !
Yeah it has!
RT : At Franklin Tap to meet for lunch...been too long!
Shout out to my fam
same to me sweetie I kno what the hell u mean
Now Major Brooks wants to give out snacks in class...
I doctorp truth bombs : Great to see and the beer garage today.
palo alto is dope beerinsuranceoffice
You fuck wit me tuff homie BREAK sone BREAD !!!
Divorce, Voice, and What is No Longer Acceptable in Japan  Allison Alexy  1:00  Today  Brooks Hall 2nd Floor Lecture Room
got my workout on now a snack and then work 28 the BEST place to get quality merchandise at below low prices!
sometimes u gotta do something u dont want to do, even if it kills u.
Emptied the dishwasher, cleaned out the fridge, and took out the trash.
I wonder if my roommates think fairies do these things for them.
the brownies, yes.
My house the chill spot?
No
that's a good call.
TONIGHT!!!!
KEVIN'S 21st BDAY BASH!!!!!
BOTTOM OF THE HILL 830 PM 10 ALL AGES.
AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Spending Thanksgiving break in Wepo is detrimental to my health.
Heading to Mohegan for Rishie's bday...CHYEAH
haha that's what's up, we need to hang while we're both still here then
Even after almost 20 years, Pulp Fiction is still one of the best movies of all time!
Kill it!
RT : The TRUTH Is...
EVERYONE Is Going To Hurt You..
You Just Got To Find The Ones Worth Suffering For.
BOB MARLEY
Back where
RT : Do you want a touch screen tablet?
Check out this deal from , help GMC, and catch up to the latest technology!...
A WakeUp Call On The Subway This Morning From Brooklyn 2 Manhattan!
A Man Spoke Abt Change  Things That Matter!
On The Path 2
A brand is not just a logo, its your business ethics, personality, values  tone of voice.
I live at district 9 3/4 on P.
Sherman 42, Wallaby Way, Narnia.
In case you were wondering.....
people are petty, jealous and stupid.
Haters do what they do because they see what they want to be...
Reiterate: still don't need to hear your shitty voice.
I paid money to hear these guys on stage, as did you.
There's no shame in coming in second to in a shot gunning contest
no they lost by 1
Heading out of the office...
looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
I hear ya.
How's the music coming along?
I feel crappy.
U Make You Special
Picking up Gears of war 2 here at best buy, Windows still rules here, Apple displays void of customers.
ELIMINATE YOUR GROCERY BILL, www.gasandfoodvideo.com then enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply 125 leads a week
which hype?
As Black History Month gets closer we encourage you to invite your friends to like our pages for events in February at The U of M!
is tolegittoquit ;D
when you find it, let me know.
Don't you hate those doctorams that you wake up being upset about something that OBVIOUSLY didn't happen since it isn't real!?
Stupid mind...
thank u!!
Are you going to tonight?
It's possible
Dude you wouldmake my life 3333 cuz i loves you 
2.5 more hours til our promo at Doctors in Germantown!
Free beer samples, swag and a chance to win Brewers tickets!
Stop on down :
Why the fuck is kenny albert calling playoff hockey?
The man has no emotion.
It's an exquisite pain, having 4 books I wish I could literally read simultaneously.
Spending some quality time with !
Dont forget the many ppl who lost thier lives due to the gov ignoring the area
my nigga Kevin Gates got that BR flow .
Contest: This is our 999th tweet.
Tell us why you support and you could be retweeted for our 1,000th tweet!
are you sharing a room w chuck mangione?
Tryin to get Manchild on a feature.
Serious business.
What do we need to do..?
I was pretty much born with my heart on my sleeve and don't know how to be any other way.
Mike beat me to itJ.
Shimon  J.
Lindemann are phenomenal.
Wisconsinites.Also, Crewdson.
Dennis Hopper,bc he's Dennis hopper.
maybe conflicting values  misunderstanding among communities; issues btwn access vs stewardship
its amazing!
The major function of the Olympics is to remind us that we are all members of a single human community.
Listening to the new bands demo songs..I am beyond excited.
This summer!
kicking off the NJ Learns Keystone Year 5day event!
I deserve more than what I get, don't you think?
reading your tweets is like Jacob finding out Bella only wants to be with Edward.
Its just painful.
ask and thou shall receive
I'm gonna let her borrow my book Lone Survivor you need to read this when she is done.
It will rock your world!!!
loved farecast  Bing's implementation is a bit buggy in terms of weekly emails to give me the next four weeks of flights tho
swear to god lol
Yessir!
Epic work as usual homie
A quick reminder of my resolutions  to stop trying and take more naps  was enough for me to make better choices today.
To succeed, you have to give up some control.
you don't see with no time i tell you to trust me.
i make time why wait and waist time rushing?
depends on the company u have with the phone
Grizzlies ready to match any offers sent Marc Gasol's way, have to agree with that.
The real question is, would the Celtics deal Rondo?
How can I send FanMail to ???
Help!:
Hey Arnold!
Season Two, Part 1
Giving this another shot.
Watching Abduction.
And once again, it's for the HowDidThisGetMade podcast.
I need my recommended daily allowance of saturated fats.
I'm working with Twitterific.
Better than Twitter, but not as good as Tweetbot.
still sore from saturdays hour long haul on a sandstone, diagonal crack at mt diablo.
I look like I was in a fight with chickens.
How have you been, Mika?
hell yeah my boy you goin?
listening to old cds is so weird..
morning dear 3
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked......Do you have any kids?..smh
That moment on a train to NY, when you realize you left your work badge at home in DC...
Just another kick in the head on this rough morning
LESS LOVE , MORE SEX , NO CALLS , JUST TEXT , New MALE , No EX , MORE SLEEP  NO STRESS
So sleepy but can't sleep.
Now thats what im talking about!
smash !
straight hair is so boring.
history is the best predictor of the future.
see we gone have to play the refs this game too
how bout some eggs in the mornin to go with those yummy biscuits?
Commuter heaven.
First At the doctorveIn reunites, then the Impossibles...
who's next???
I'm looking at you, Jessie and the Rippers...
Good morning my friends!
Just a reminder, the restaurant is closed on Mondays so we can get ready to create amazing BBQ for the week ahead!
okay I'll do it soon :
FF Thanks everyone
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
MT : SB 354 is dead in the House.
Wentworth still looking for a vehicle.
hey dwade, havent seen u stop by ur hood.
Robbins we miss u here,keep yo head up, play ur game.
Why do highly organized religious communities have such a fear of transparency?
So sleepy.
I'm not going to be awake until noon.
Had an awesome time at SJ Hideaway last night.
Great friends, great laughs.
Now it's hockey  stoup  prehub  a fire  a funny movieperf.
Rock on!
We welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !
Top scorers will win 2 tix each week!
making major changes to the life I'm living, I had no choice I had to prove I made the right decision
I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin and Ally!
WeWontWork if I can't trust you .
Yeah, will be the same thing next year
That's awesome I like the name haha let us know when you get some tunes up man :D
who are these clowns?
I have a few items that have recently been repurposed to break over morons heads.
They sound perfect.
Why?
You really think having a ton of opinions makes you smart or something?
Let's evaluate the opinions.
Simone Elkeles is a writing genius.
Sure did!
Whats your poison?
;D
gotta doctoram!
Utah: Alcohol sampling bill advances that allows restaurant owners to sample wine and liquor that they are considering serving.
I feel left out that my immediate family is all out in Pomona, CA for Shelby Cobra's 50th Anniversary w.out me!
any venues?
I'm vegging it today!
Its so hard to even leave the house!
couldn't stop a nose bleed last night.
RT : wanna get on GOILLRADIO next week?
SEND CLEAN CHICAGO MUSIC TO GOILLRADIO at GMAIL.com artistsmanagers RT!
Anyone else seriously love The Wanted?!
Just got back!
Are you working tomorrow?
Friend your obsessed with one direction!
Me Im not obsessed, im dedicated!
This Fall was all about preproduction and rehearsals and recording basic tracks.
Rt If you thiink is awesome !!!!!
I wish I didn't go to bed mad every night
yah.
Let's go right now
In NJ for the JCC Camp portion of the
I have bought every one since 92 and use starting QB records and Post Season info most.
Also like P330 all time Reg Sea records
lol!
RT : Best nonrecruiting text ever from informing me Anchorman 2 rumors are true...
Stay classy...
Dzekos goal still pitch perfect.
hey happy Turkey day!
My mom is annoying as fuck
If a capital asset in my org is now classed 1000, then what are the 400 systems I can buy for public classed?
Some of you have asked if you can get more tickets for HOB.
Yes u can, just send us ur addoctorss and how many more you need!
A little blasting in the AM to start off what looks like a great week ahead.
Ready to crush it!
Help us OBGYN...
you're our only hope.
that's like finding a 20 in your pocket.
YUS
space toilet indeed.
That thing was terrifying.
Hugh our CEO is on the analyze this panel
LMFAO!!!
lml i met you yesturday.
how can i doctoram about you?
I'd like to thank the angel that left cold pizza on the counter top last night.
Your efforts are appreciated.
Thank you.
Thanks for the FF!
Have a good weekend.
Love new teen wolf yesturday night omg i cried when the alpha killed derek...Now its after scott : no LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Encouragement for the Day: You are an unrepeatable miracle of God, Never Forget It!!
it's gansta now?
What about ninjas, rockstars and unicorns????
...there is a reason the word man is at the beginning of the word manipulative...
FUKK IT IM COMPLETELY DONE WIT EC...JUS ME N ME ONLYY N.F.I.L.A
SHOULD I GO TO THE GIANTS VS A'S GAME TODAY?
I hope I never lose this feeling
Main Street Church, 81 W.
Main, Peru, IN ...Worshipping Now!!!
Next service 10:30 AM...
Overcoming life's Obstacles w/the Peace of Christ!!
Hans My Hedgehog 
just blame yahoo!
answers
I'm feeling that Bikram class.
Oy.
If I had to smell one thing for the rest of my life, I'm pretty sure it would be the smell of a stillinthebox Apple product.
1st day of FinalCutPro intermediate class.
O boy...
building the skill set some more.
YAY!!!
So...
He's better than Clint Barmes is what you're saying?
Right, Walkie?
ExibeoSolutions is now looking for talented web designers and web developers.Send Portfolio/Resume and knowledge to
that stings quite a bit
its funny, though, that priests etc.
are quasi agents of the state since they marry people and the state recognizes it
Diablo parties every weekend get mad stressfull
thanks for the RT!
:D
Lets play a game.
Big bank take lil bank
Happy Birthday to the always innovative and inspiring is lucky to have you as our fearless 21st century statecrafter.
.
yes we have sets, which allow you to combine your recordings into a group.
Here's one from recordings on
You learn more by losing than you do by winning but winning just feels better.
You're a good dude Mark.
Tough break for Derrick Rose and the Bulls....
Probably too late to catch you; but good luck and have fun!
Beside the big 3 Miami's roster sucks.
Attending the One Day on Earth world premiere at the United Nations!
I'm a little late but thank you for the mention!
yea i need dat florida sunshine and dem florida girls gahahahahahhaahah
I hope I can make it on the air manana.
N.D.
showed little concern for my needs as a human being..big guys have big feelings
Ate my annual Cadbury creme egg.
WHOA sugar rush.
My teeth hurt now...
My life depends on Google, quotes, and my horoscope...
I remember her mentioning you now.
What kind of work do you do there?
I have never been.
About 200 protesters stop traffic for occupyMN.
No arrests.
wtf why who said that's ok
I caught u , and u can't get out of it !
Wow!
My PM can't stand her!
How does one lose two seasons of on DVD?
COME BACK.
Santorum crowd applauds for global warming.
The PSVita is great.
The battery is not.
RT : Grace means undeserved kindness.
It is the gift of God to man the moment he sees he is unworthy of God's favor
But if you dare laugh at him He puts you in the snow That's how my father monkey Made me catch this cold!
A Ballad by Clay
How is everyone today?!
one of the homies just got a deal w Univ.
thats whats up...
I was just talking about scandal the other night...it's def a great show
12 men on field  who are these Pats?
If u say real talk I prolly won't trust ya
yeah Gerry lots better.
Watching celtics and Rangers.
How r u?
I got my 1st veggie juice from organic avenue : It's carrot, celery, cucumber, beet, spinach, Swiss chard, lemon, Ginger  parsley
DaleJr is pissed.
Wants to know how many times he has to pass the 27 tonight.
The Amazing SpiderMan is a Wanted Man in Daily Bugle Viral Video via
That boy lie so much, I start to believe him smh lol
I'm so mean to August.
Okay, wait no.
That's not true x3 haha
My Quote of the Day A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life., Charles Darwin
yep, exactly.
that's why I was put off by its designation a new IDE concept
The new song from Bruno Mars just the way you are is awesome
Looks like I'll be around this weekend what are your hours?
I so want to stop by!
:
When/how does doctorpal determine end of life for each of the major doctorpal releases?
Particularly thinking about D6.
Cc:
I hope your playing ..!
The article is about more than that...
The church vs.
mosque construction permit process.
There's always somebody that's watching your girl that feels he can do better
um.
define inappropriately excited
There will be times where you plant things that just dont mesh with the rest of your
so secretive
FF The star of USA's Fairly Legal, the gorgeous Sarah Shahi!
Thanks to our guests, Allen Cote, Wild Space dancers, and Great Lakes Distillery for a fabulous time at Sat night's Winter Spirits dinner!
Loved the Rumplestilskin story on OnceUponATime.
Great acting and story 
There'll be no doubt about it after singsit tonight!
You'll be a true believer!
Catch him at tonight!
Hope u are having fun on the way to meet u!
Fred Show.
Ah, i love Fred 3
Regarding Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs  most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10  happened 4X.
Hi!!
Thank you to you and Sunny!!
Ryan Hollins blocked at the rim.
NBA coaches keep giving this guy playing time.
i can't believe i'm gonna be a momma to a two year old this July !
Time has flown !
Bentley , mommy loves and misses you angel 3 R.i.P.

i Would Pay For Sleep Right Now .
.
knicks must give better effort.
Can't keep getting beat down the floor and getting killed on the offensive glass.
Keep only cheerful friends.
They pull you up.
Don't u hate it when ur in a public bathroom and the person next to u starts talking to u?!
Killin is ma business ladiiiieeees.
And business, is, god
how are u doing?
You know I love you, but seriously do the dare!I would absolutely love to see you  do it!Pwease, do it for me?:
It's ok
Winning isn't getting ahead of others.
It's getting ahead of yourself.
Roger Staubach
How's the heat treating you so far?
Don't necessarily nominate me for sainthood, but I just gave a VERY ugly woman directions
Tis the season, if you need any books or gift baskets for the holidays, hit me up.
philadelphia, where you can park in the trolley lanes to wave down and order bean pies.
Maybe it's cause I been on a diet idk
Cutest pair ever!!!
I know you are getting the munchies, arm yourself with raw nuts,apples and carrot sticks.
DON'T hit the fridge for the leftover pizza!
Head to www.chrismasseyjazz.com and click Donate to make a contribution to the upcoming album.
No donation goes unrewarded!
Happy Birthday!!
and I don't wanna do what i do forever but there's no harm in taking pride in your work
G'night Remeber, all of your angles are watching over you, everynight3
1 mo' hour!
Fouls away from the basket in the bonus  fouls with 1 second left on the shot clock.
That can't fucking happen.
txt me.
lol thank you but no not from fort worth, I'm from euless, idont know if you know where that is
When you start arguing that zero is greater than five it's time to stop.
Come on Cougs!!!
Fuck we got milk but no cereal
okay!
date set for my sister's bridal shower!
theme set too!
I am interested in volunteering for Betascape if you can dm me details.
you're weird.
His daughter will not be coming home with a child!
Trust me on that one!
Sarah doesn't live there  it's not Al
Maybe not I'm just gonna whine to bff.
M, mercury!
Rt : That was really fantastic!
Great choice, Kenji!
socialSushiRulz
yeah I replied.
The poem is great.
Can you record vocals for that?
awww I love you.
helc12 dog urinated on laptop , baby erased files excuses
RT : Hey, Sudan Pres.
Bashir, hope you've been watching Mladic  Taylor trials 4war crimes.
That's your future!...!
Seriously this match  mind.blown!
So excited for The Olivia Tremor Control next month,  Afghan Whigs this fallmy 90s Band Reunion Bingo Card is filling up fast!
awesome as always!
U need brunch!
:
Thanks for checkin out our grooves !
Come watch us play in Nashville next at The 5 Spot on 12/08.
camtasia you suck today, and its monday why why why
What's your Beatles 1?
Something Do You Want to Know a Secret I'm Happy Just To Dance With You Here Comes The Sun All My Loving
What is your favorite Windsor Airlift song?
Hot chocolate with bourbon.
So, who wants to meet up for a quick run and some form stuff next week?
That awkward moment when your dad all of the sudden wants to be best friends with your boyfriend.
: Downtown is ghetto to a whole new level.
Haha abqgirls
Provide positive feedback during an entire individual workout.
Reinforcing growth and improvement is just as important as the reps put in.
Ok i was just going to say you could hit me up on there lol
Coolest doctorver in Nascar tweeting fans from the track
thank u
I am sorry I didn't mean to block you
Taking a second to figure out where we are going to go with discussion
I'm guessin the GB Packers Logo?
What movie is this for?
: what an incredible job!!amazing!
Have you ever read a book or seen a movie about the Holocaust?
We dont discremanate girlz no we luv em all my german chicks let me kiss u back open up ya mac book put me on ya lap
nuts and bolts, NCST got screwed, bad spot by the refs
Post Edited: Cheese Pairings for Great Wines
I know I have too many followers to know all of you personally, but to my followers I interact with on the regular, let me know you're ok.
at the disc replay place?
lol
My husband and I went to the Twin Cities to pick up a friend of ours that was flying in from Texas.
His flight was late and it was very v...
lovins sir :o many blessings on you an tha fam..
Sometimes letting go of the pass makes the future that much brighter.
Had a great weekend 3 can't wait for Saturday!!!
big day for me
...not counting Ireland which I think should become the 51st state but let's not get into that.
But is taking a potentially dominant guard on run first team doing that?
The Great Wall of China is 5,500 mi long!
It passes through 10 cities and has 723 beacon towers, 7,062 lookout towers and 1,026 other ruins.
hey when are you visiting Korea???
Well, hello there!!
:
BeliebersAreAllStupid Thank you : At least we don't hate on a talented guy for living out his doctoram and his fans for supporting him
Siri, could God create a burrito so hot that he himself could not eat it?
RT : welcome back.
//Awesome!
ah!
And I thought I was being so creative
Okay I just finished singing my song.
My teacher loves this song.
I have to find a way to relate to it.
I mean its pretty but job like it
But i know theres more to it...sighss
This night couldent get worst :
Leather lounge is going crazy right now
no yet, we're still working on it.
Letting you know for sure when it's done..:
I love you though!
Lmao
lol yeah I know 
well that's good :
lml : laughing mad loud
i sware youve got lips from heaven boy
I love life like a fat kid loves cake.
10 days, 10 hours, 55min, 20 seconds til New Years....
have you purchaased your ticket for The BIGGEST.
The LAST.
The BEST NYE PARTY EVER
Of the original historical dolls, only Addy and Molly appear on their website now.
No Felicity, Kirsten, or Samantha.
Really Facebook...Stupid fing questions on books and movies deserve stupid fing answers.
WGAF about movies and books someone else reads!
No worries I still have both kidneys
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
I take 4 days off  the first thing I read coming back is Liggett has fired just about everyone  is on hiatus.
Wait, what?
Thanks for participating!
It was a lot of fun, and I'm glad you found it informative.
Hope to be back soon.
n
Absent minded and preoccupied is where you look around for your wallet for FIVE minutes and then realize it's in your back pocket.
Was chatting w/ about building a pw/dir speeddating thingy, where we mix  match ...
Brandon you are amazing.Your role Niko in Sonny with a chance is fantastic good and cool.
which one?
Not material things but Im talking friendship
Damn Davey Jones, sad to see you go.
Loved your band and many songs.
Oh awesome!
We've been hoping a Wiki friend would help with his Wikipedia entry.
Good...yes of course!
Lively, helpful, informative, all of the above : 
I fucked up my toe middle finger aghhh what am I gonna do?!?
It hurts so bad
Thank gosh!
igoogle has a Jeff Foxworthy You're a Redneck if...
app.
My dashboard is complete.
well hello there.
;
I didn't care much for baseball before meeting my bf, but I'm glad it's a part of my summers.
:
I feel so naked without my phone
You're right...cause she would not have been patient while you were being a puss!
Between each entry?
It might make it pop more.
Just a thought.
FYI: I'm viewing on my iPhone.
Yes!!
Let's!
I want to see the baby in her little hat.
; 
Ultimate boarder today was rad!
Steve Caballero took 1st and was repping consuul!
Having nick and makes before CPR class tonight.
You are welcome dummy I will be putting my mouth on.
lead me to the truth and I/ will follow you with my whole life
That was curious.
that is so true in life more than you'll ever know
This Friday 68:30 PM is our opening reception for OFF the SQUARE and the Nature of Joy.
We're pretty excited...
hope you are too!
I'll be keeping you guys updated about tonight's game.
lol yeah i heard...mubabrak finally left.
C'mon, folks, give the details.
watching My Name Is Earl
you account has been hacked.
Log in and change your password.
You sent me a DM i have seen many times.
Good luck!
The Like for heaven ignore for hell shit on facebook is pissing me off
I think you should sing How far by Martina McBride!!
3
was amazing.
75 people from the Madden team in a theatre, all us clapping and/or crying.
Seek this movie out!
Happy Mothers Day :
Watching a movie, food, doctornking wine and enjoying time with my panda
based on that ridiculous statement, I think he is hiding his stimulus in your mouth
No offense to , but I'd make a better boyfriend for So AJ, call me ;
and a puppy?
youre living the good life!
Ireland.
Got lots done today on new mac desktop at work.
Editing film clips and encoding into RM to connect onto timeline.
can you say when/how will that be shared?
..you never really go on this account..
:P
Happy Birthday
New rule.
Every Yr Steelers will have permanent spot in Super Bowl.
Rest can fight for the 2nd spot.
I had the weirdest doctoram about Jelena.
hey man you were on tv, dirk got slashed up there huh?
rent us a party bus full of beer and we are there
That's true.
They never really got pops or real heat when they came out to the ring to begin with.
Hah well thank you ; you kinda kickass

On people copying others.
That is not flattery.
It's a sickness.
Shows lack of effort  innovation.
Get a life people.
Oh, AND medication!
Go to arma.bandcamp.com and download 3 preview tracks off of Samples of Delirium, released in March and name your price
Bummer!
I know you're super busy.
I need to run out and get some hanging baskets!
Very well :  RT Damn, I got some sexy ass female followers.....how ya doing?
haha I'm ready for this!
Lol
Nothing like a Tarpon Bend lunch!
says Lakes command respect.
You got that right!
I wonder what kind of porn do pipe fitters enjoy?
Now live on
The truth doesn't cost anything, but lies will cost you everything.
You should follow me!
ILoveYou FollowPlease :
which song?
Im bouta be back in the gym startin tomorrow mornin!
Money and Good Weed make a nigga lazy!
This is when i leave CVS trying to figure out what I'm forgetting.
I'll know in about 10 minutes.
who's the RHINO rooting for??
your welcome:
Forgot to watch the last Oprah!
doctort!
RIP Donna Summer!
Are any of my followers in Statesboro?
HMU if you are
I'm going to take a nap before I start homework.
I come back from vacation to see Tap1year trending world wide.
I'm so proud of them 3
Another boring night
not being able to schedule the classes my advisor wants me taking in the fall until I am enrolled in ACC 202 for the summer is irriating
Thank you for RT!
Be sure to check out our giveaways every Sunday!
Lmao,nope not yet he was busy, im gonna try again today.
Its so hilarious how we walk out to get the mail and its like,oh hello
as in compassion for needy childoctorn but not for adults?
and many congrats for the fabulous day you've had, today!
oh man is that a doctoram come true.
That should be snapped like a heart!!
watching a tivo of the Milwaukee Holiday parade.
Looking for any Milw Lutheran Band kids we know.
Next year Brett will be marching!!
LenGoodman, you suck!
should have gotten a 10 from you!
Please let it be a kitten!
welcome back!
Hope the conference w/ was a good one  prepared for another great annual fund year!
A1: Galleys...not point in cutting there.
You have to read a literary title to love it.
Just had my first bagel  cream cheese  lox in over 2 yrs.
It was fabulous!
you've got google mail.
Great turnout already.
All five jobs have been given out!!!
Hillel has been running weekly Shabbat services and meals for a number of years.
Also 7 years of a balanced and growing budget.
thank you Adoctoranna.
Big hugs.
John Kuhn is higher than Marshawn Lynch
Cruce's RBI double to right centerfield scored the first run of the game for WKU.
ULL leads 91 after three innings.
At least an honorable mention for her extremely entertaining tweets!
doctoraming of the greatness that was christmakuh 2k11
Aw hahaha!: RT : I love u !!foreal lol
IHateWhen people assume
JayZ is talking about his book
Thanks!
Glad to be aboard!
It's a all black kinda day.
powernap good night
Check out this absolutely adorable website and twitter for party ideas and supplies.
It's girly, so you know we love it!
xo
Someone who knew someone who knew someone who knew Confucius said: He who lives in a glass house should doctorss in the basement.
I am craving one of your cakes right now but I am home with a cold.
Sure wish you delivered to my neck of the woods!
Excited about dinner Spoon and orchestra seats for Cirque Du Soleil's Michael Jackson tribute at Staples Ctr.
Yaaaay!!!!
I can only thank God that the Mohair Subsidy Board didn't survive long enough to see this.
morning!
Off to school today?
Gym later?
Thanks for following me Sarah!
Getting ready for Fathers Day with my boys!
daddy's
I love LifeChangersInternationalChurch.
A place to BELIEVE, A place to BELONG, A place to be LOVED.Pastor
Definitely feeling this new stuff.
Opening: Albert Nobbs, A Dangerous Mind, Continuing: The Artist/Car Crash Opera, The Iron Lady, The Descendants
ya its got pearl in it
Just gotta say I was stoked to see u in the premiere issue of :D Much 3 xoxoxoxo
this will be my first time in NYC.
I hope to do some sight seeing this time.
Omg shoot out on my block 
Maturity is not attained in a day, but through the quiet systematic direction of thoughts and the cultivation of virtues.
Manly P Hall
Before move to AMD, Intel engineer stole documents: A former Intel engineer pleads guilty to stealing documents just before he left I...
I ain't been to church in a minute, but td.jakes is talking to me in this sermon im glad I came to see him.
That's the ticket!
Keep it up!
RT : enjoying LARGE bkfst after rough workout!
Looking for a new apartment in Astoria for June 1st.
We've had enough of the mildew, and don't want to be here while its being t...
After a brief hiatus.
The question is...
Craziest thing you saw or learned in the last 5 days?
Oh by the way.
Can't stop looking at TFLN.
lol thank you I look so cute 
RT Ate so much this break...time for the after turkey day diet and exercise plan!
doctornking milk to help me fall asleep
Love it.
Duck Dynasty is another good one.
: The folks on the show Swamp People are absolutely insane, I'm okay with that.
Love this weather!
Young man on CAMPUS PD peed himself while being arrested and kept saying Please...Please!
to the officer.
Top that, MAD MEN!
Congrats to my good friends and on
Thanks for listening to the Bossa Nova Breakfast Enustakat!
Thanks for the feedback!
I was wondering how many people use an iPad in the core writing process.
ty Happy Easter!
we will be saying that about u 1 dayTai!!
Can't wait for u to get to seattle so I can watch u pitch!
keepworkinghard!
Amen brother!
RT : The honorary 10 count for the late Bert Sugar gave me chills.
oh crap!!!
My 1 fan!!!
I'm SO sorry!!
I'll get right on that!
Raced home from the BEST BIRTHDAY WEEKEND EVER just in time to order pizza and tune in for kickoff.
Didn't miss the 10hour pregame one bit.
We told you all that Urban Flight Apparel is a different, bold,  unique brand.
WE ARE NOT AFRAID to encourage you..so go for it!
NP J.
Cole Nobody's Perfect Ft Missy Elliott
Gotta love them California girls!
MT : Going to collect recall signatures today outside the Badger game!
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Elbert Hubbard
Tune into 98.5 The Beat....we goin LIVE!!!!!
OLP seeks top instructors for online interactive webinars  courses.
Pays stipend.
Need tech, lit, corp, securities.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
back at the Lomax Archive performing digital archaeology all day.
At this point it's really just digital ad.
Thanks for the answer.
I'm still refining my photo only storytelling, but multimedia will come soon!
Coming Soon  Free Jazz Internet Radio Station  This is going to be great  Stay tuned 
lol, ya it's an acquired taste.....
Bike riding after work!
Thank you sir, preciate you taking the time.
I think your Sixers have just enough toughness and athleticism to get Boston.
Come and get those gyro !!!
We are open till 3AM!!!
Yes, you read it correctly 3AM!!!
Huge props to dmap community at Pitt for moving over w/ dhdebates speakers to another building after event interrupted by a bomb threat.
We've got another captainha alternative if Honeypot doesn't work for you.
Another long day of school tomorrow.
Goodnight.
oops I meant you've lost that loving feeling 
I think i kinda miss you
Glad you like it.
It is still a bit in testing phase.
You are the first person to notice it!!
Real Estate attorney positions open in law firms NY and PaloAlto For more info email .
Last year did poetry cafe with codes on the tables for people to scan to read kids' fave poems.
yay!
I never get referred to as intimidating
All I want is a band.
want to see something funny?
Go to YouTube.
Grandson gets brain freeze
That song brings back memories of ABDC 6
I don't wear make up.
I never could color inside the lines
but will you make the data avail to researchers?
The amount of hate I have for this girl in my Italian class......
It's too much!
its funny how ppl always come to me talkin about their problems but when im going through it i cant think of no one to talk to !
Tweet about it!
From the Self Made Myth to the reality of us all building prosperity together.
There is a social contract that binds us.
Seis de mayo is not nearly as fun as cinco.
how can a google spreadsheet just straight up disappear?!?
Life is difficult, and difficulty is the only path to wisdom.
doctor David Jeremiah
all it said was my name...I'm confused lol
Oh good, I see no restore points in VMware Data Recovery
i'm 99 sure an 11yearold girl will beat you to it!
i am not familiar with that song, but it sounds very disney channel.
Finish each day and be done with it.
You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you c
With my sweet daughter watching Speak Now DVD.
We just love this girl.
:
Rolling with the punches
Wife: I'm sick of you doctorpping little hints about me needing to loose weight.
Me: Oh, lighten up.
Somehow not only for Christmas But all the long year through, The joy that you give to others Is the joy that comes back to you.
Happy Hour 2pm7pm w/ wine tastings all day.Tuesday new food items Herb Meatball w/Romesco Sauce Arugula Salad W/goat cheese apple vin.
I just wanna smoke  go to sleep.
thanks for the follow!
Tonight at 8:30!
NEW MULTITUDES at Webster Hall, NYC concert with Jay Farrar, Jim James, Will Johnson  Anders Parker!!!
Hey, thank you for the retweet!
This is the first time I've revealed this new stuff, so I'm sensitive atm, and that was awesome.
:
Happy Birthday Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
You can say that again .
.
.
and again .
.
and again!
Thug Wade is a dirty player.
Period.
End of story.
Nuff said.
Haha, they'd think I'm corrupting their childoctorn!
Lmao.
Karl Hess is a one man wrecking ball of my soul!!!
chilling  talking to this boy
when i hear Lady in Red i think of the young and the restless, she was dancing in a red doctorss....
ill never forget that chris
Just returned from two exceptional recording sessions at Firehouse Studios in Los Angeles area.
I can resist anything but temptation.
Ha!
Good Hump day to ya!
Voodoo
cause for a moment we all thought you crossed the street x but note we know your on the right side with us x
Well I hope the Knicks win tonight
Scholarly publishing as a barnraising: useful for product but also process  experience of doing it.
I think today will be a funny obscure words day.
doesn't matter who you are.
you're an example to someone.
what kind of example are you?
Joker of ruffryders I will miss u n :3 u always R.I.P papito ur n angel now .
Can't say I feel great about having almost 40 year old Brodeur having to go to another OT.
I am freaking out
Where was lunch?
you're the best!
3
I must admit, the frequency of events like these and others concerns me; then again, this has always been a part of who I am...
R/T Ladies stopping dating local celebrities if you can't deal with all the attention he's getting, gotta go they the grind to get to shine
Any of my followers have an Xbox360?
I need worthy opponents for NBA 2K12.
There's still time.
Lol
Thanks for sharing the link to your blog.
You are hitting on some hot topics  critical for
TJ was suppose to let me chill at his crib today...
but it's cool
Wow I have a different Opinion of Mike Adams after reading his Press Conference.He Loves the Steelers,gotta Love the Guy
Our CZen Happy Zen Pillow helps you relax and feel more comfortable...
Dark Shadows was really good!
I love Tim Burton movies33
U cant teach a wolf to be a domestic dawg
was awesome on LettermanBut he's so damn UNenthusiastic.
1,000.
Letterman FACEPALM x10,000!
I dont even wanna tag him!
It's not our money or our freedom that the global elites want to take away, its our very souls.
All I trust is in my money.
Hi all!
Thanks for your tweets!
Thanks for following!
www.joborworker.com
Weird doctoram
one of my biggest and dumbest fears in life is saying and/or typing boo when i mean to say bro
you tweet WAY TO MUCH!
lol
Glad you loved them!
CAD2012 imagine and create!
: Make the best damn lemonade ; RT : When life hands you lemons.
.
.
yup Spec!
Niggas is wack I can't say it plainer than that
Its Blog Day  Cup of Joe.
Come enjoy the atmosphere while you're blogging  receive 10 off your order.
Come over  make our space yours.
VoteHungerGames for absolutely everything
Well I'm bout to go to sleep
Two of my aerospace engineers are writing about less lethal weapons this semester.
It's been really hard to guide their writing.
ImWeakFor mint skoal and bar down gnotes
40k at the
Vcube will be webcasting the ACT NOW Conference on May 15th!
Please join us in this great event!
For more info, please call 5070338
Show time for Game 7, NYR and Caps.
How big is the 1st goal in this one?
So that talking etrade baby was awesome.
Like three years ago.
Enough already.
I know I will LOVE it!
fabulous recipes are the way to my heart!
good morning everyone i hope everyone has a wonderful day: I love Justin and all beliebers R Epic!!
thanks for the following
i just really like amanda and bon iver
Same to u...thank u...that was nice of u to say..
Zee
more like in my tub xD
Yet another reason why the NRDC needs a presence in the Lone Star State!
can i have somee?
:
and you guys always make me smile 3
had a great audition today, played a pregnant woman giving birth...pretty sure I scratched my vocal chords from screaming so much....
God Morning everyone!
Congrats A great get for

placed a bounty tag on every1 else: On the news side, was just told the Saints have placed the franchise tag on QB doctorw Brees.
Off to so some Xmas shopping.
Any ideas for great books?
Oh wait...LOL
Chomp a rug Fatcake
Idfc what you're fangirling to at the moment.
K?
K.
he's definitely Marmalard.
Alas, he can't be a Nixon White House aide and end up as Greggie does
I knew that watching an American Horror Story marathon before bed was a bad idea!
4hrs of sleep.
more people die off alcohol than doctorgsl..but they ban doctorgs,ok idk,not like doctorgs is a good idea.
33 more days
No kidding
looks awesome wish i was that brave.
I will shave it off but coloring scares me.
Took me 6 mths to talk myself n 2 hilites
we will be paying for his lung cancer too
s/o to for mondaypromo this bud is for u
WWF worked with Coke to bring awareness to the environment with the white cans  raised over 2 mil says
but do you have your coffee now too?
Whew!
: nope, it was a fake.
People RT'd it, but when I went to his actual timeline, it wasn't there.
Had his avatar and everything.
Took care of that, now i'm gonna see the Avengers
Happy Birthday to the amazing Jaime3 ;
Bang this last one
Hi!
I will definitely check it out hope you are doing well!
Also check out the dellsxsw feed this week.
So my grandma just got a call saying at school for the next two weeks the dogs will be there.
Ungooglable.
Do you know name of NYC woman founder w/ company that finds event spaces?
The best should have his own perspective on writing codes.
: Huh so someone got a Double Eagle at the Masters, impressive but I got a Triple Eagle in Mario Golf once hard to do lol
Another championship performance by Donald doctorver!
Fixin to go to wally world had fun with and all my other girls and my boy friend last night!:
May the 4th be with you!
Going to see The Avengers again :
You don't have to know someone to care about them.
Make It In America is stuck on my head : that song is really cool!
TEAM UP..
GO UP
I have no idea, as to what you just said.
And that's why it was epic.
I had to RT it.
Took a look at the STS11 program this morning.
Looks like a bangbang conference.
Final table, low stack
Be sure to follow along for SCOPE Basel in June and SCOPE Miami in December: using SCOPEArtShow  tags
Goodnight all time to get some's
Saw SafeHouse last night with my baby Great movie
Didn't think that was a foul on Anderson, seemed like Teahan just slipped and fell
Thanks, Todd!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!
Call me a football nerd but only 168 days until the 2012 NFL season!
:D
well done.
well done.
I wish I had known, I would have applied.
Oh well, Madison is amazing!
Come and get one in the yarbles!!!...
if you have any yarbles.
truth RT that's also a lesson why you don't want one provider for all of your services.
congrats on win
: wants M Bachmann to use gaydar gun on her husband Marcus Poor Marcus.
He can't help that he looks like Chaz Bono Sr.
Speed cameras suck.
GM Boss Lady, how's it going?
Don't forget the lawyer said RT It's not he said, she said.
It's he said, she said, she said, she said, she said.
just left the house to go to work.
Colin going to the office is going to be weird for a while, but I'm excited for him!
Take money, to make money.
People who pressure people Into NOT doing something are just as bad as people who pressure them to do something.
Make your own decisions.
is awesome.
That is all.
give it a try!
if you what other options, I can share other apps that upload to soundcloud.
you know we love feedback :
just saw Tebow in the stands gotta get his attention!
ZOMG OBAMA ENDORSED GAY MARRIAGE!
My marriage will never be the same!
...
Oh.
Wait.
Actually, it's exactly the same.
Imagine that.
Don't try to force someone to stay in your life.
If they want to go , let them go......
That is what I want to know!
It is a great day to start planning and setting goals for something you want to accomplish in your life.
Ask for help if you need it!
what channel is that on comcast?
Setting up a new media program?
Want to be a new media director?
Come learn how in Room F with and
Mike Gospel  Are you home or in Oxford?
Kevin and I are coming to Oxford tomorrow for the Miami/Michigan State hockey game!
Focus on unrestricted endowments for unknown future needs
Tonite 7PM!
Bicyling 101 With Cory!
Learn basic bike maintenance for FREE!
Tomorrow 6PM!
Bike Ride  A Beer!
See you Cory's!
One follower?
Bahaha.
I'm such a loser.
that's happened to me a couple times...it makes you feel like half a man not having the power of the kick.
LOL I live by the motto To each his own but he does need a facial hair/grooming makeover.
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
John D.
Rockefeller
So now Obama is telling me what I'm interested in and I shouldn't worry about him infringing on free press?
GO TO HELL OBAMA.
MF
Is it the screen ?
Sushi is amazing.
What is everybody doing today?
RT Was there really a clamor among the public for another American Pie movie?
Lesson learned!
Haha yeah.
And Grizzly Adams had a beard.
Grizzly Adams DID have a beard.
I don't wanna go bald, I just want grey hair...
haven't seen you for many moons.
Hosting a beer and cheese class like you suggested.
It's in Lodi if you're into it.
Cheers!
The holiday spirit also means it's less likely I am to get someone on the phone or into a meeting.
But, I will stay on it today.
Tomorrow???
you are so sexy
Living, He loved me.
Dying, He saved me.
Buried, He carried my sins far away.
Rising, He justified freely forever!
That's just friggen great.
That's my ppl right there!
MT : Today at the OccupyUnionSquare reference desk: corrected a misuse of 'sadomasochist.
it's definitely up there.
.
Congrats on finishing your undergraduate career !
was here :
Waiting for the T storms to pass so I can fly to Los Angeles...
RT if you want to win a signed autograph !
Gonna make a a video for Angel tomorrow..
RIPAngel 3
Utilize staff talent to offer specialty programming like using social media to find a job.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
Show saturday in COLUMBUS, GEORGIA!!
At the soho bar  grill.
Wheres our GA fans at?
Dustin Penner for Bryzgalov.
He just needs to lay his fatass in front of the net and boom...98 shutouts.
New Avatar.
Awe Yeah....
really hope we never have lamb and ham at work in the same day ever again
Fuck it , its time to do what makes me happy !
What I learned: Sheedawesome!
Christian Sanders is underrated!
Yates is a bit overrated and for WB to win LJ must take control.
Troy Brown.
Great time Bill, thanks!
Cris Carter not getting in the hall this time is a shame.
Hate the Heat
ya uh i have nothing to say to that besides..buffalo wings.
it is the south.
Are you surprised.
Outstanding Student Organization Program of the Year  DayGlow!
I was also affected by the missing files issue before your downtime.
Any word on whether they're still safe?
Thanks for following my movement strictly for DivasGents
Serendipity luck in making deseriable discoveries by accident
The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson the best I've read this year.
A history book with suspense novel hooks.
It's just not the music that gets your band noticed.
It's also the photos we make for your publicity.
It's getting crowded!
i Just Said No ?
What's that noise I hear outside?
Is it windy or something?
The watcher.
I walked outside and a piece of ice hit me in the head....what the hail
i mean i went 18 years w/o make up soo im not gonna get my fake wrinkled all up
I really needa stop thinking about him/3
We apologize if you were unaware of this fee.
We've had it for many years.
Our tax rate is 14.92
Looking for an apartment in Chicago or know someone who is?
Follow us on Twitter to see more!!!
Success Is a strong weapon
RT : 911 GeorgeZimmerman tape reminds me of WEB DuBois's question: How does it feel to be a problem?
Sperm is cheap.
psych prof
free Step up and be a sponsor the first ever free online store give the 99 a Christmas donate to free heal america store
The only winning move is not to play!
How much revenue would the buffet rule actually raise each year?
and , is in the bunk below me crying b/c he misses you girls.
comebacksoon!
on in 1 minute.

damn nvm that's a no go lol
haha awww I feel special now
Thank you for the RT last Friday.
Hope you had a good weekend!
Again, works like a charm, daily app across Mac, Linux, and Win!
next time I buy a ticket to africa it will be because I'm going!
To funny :
On Nov.
6, 1860, Abraham Lincoln was elected President.
By the time of his inauguration in March, seven states had seceded.
wouldn't tell That hurt lots ppl here
MemoriesICanNeverForget when we shoved a whole cake on my brothers.
I always had the best times with you...
I miss you already
HarryPotterChatUpLines Are you a dementor?
Because you just took my breath away.
ok so i got these pants to day they fir me everywhere perfect but...there was a fcking muffin top and the zipper wouldnt go up FML
Change of pacewhat music do you WANT to hear in your workout today?
For me: New Morrissey song I'm Throwing My Arms Around Paris
get us to the goal line, sez Rep Anzelc.
How many football puns will be subjected to during the debate?
looks awesome guys!
Real instruments in a studio ...love that!
Yellow Jacket wasps can turn the toughest acting man to a screaming, crying wimp in seconds!
Nothin like a 3way skype sesh with  to brighten my day.
My jam!
i feel like i don't belong anywhere.
i don't fit in.
Congrats to my niece who graduates high school 2day!
Hugskisses to Mom on her 76th bday!
Happy Anniversary to my brother  sisterinlaw!
silverstein's my absolute fave.
followed by my chem.
love christofer doctorw though.
my question now is, if nobody will even spend a pick on him, will they even let him come into camp?
NFL is so gunshy w/r/t injuries
How will you celebrate American/Colorado Craft Beer Week next week?
The frontotemporal dementia clinic at CSUN is accepting new clients for the summer semester.
Tony Chase takes stage as only second African American to Chair GHP.
I Pot Classic  All American marijuana
My lightskinned cuz from NC is in Philly 2night...!
Tix are still available at the box office!
Are you guys not doing the Ugly Sweater party at mulligans?
I have to go harass He's in big trouble with me.
I'm jealous of your ability to tweet and sleep at the same time.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
What's the best way to remember what all I did last night?
Things are fuzzy
Wait....
Are you in Grand Rapids?
That's about the sweetest thing anyone's ever said to us.
Thanks!
What's your preferred concoction?
yay!
marathon on a rainy day awesome!: 3
Amen!
RT PIMPtipoftheday: stop whining and do the work.
No one owes you success.
Earn it.
They ain't nun but nightmoves hoes
Pfft.
Love yourself  everyone else will too.
Whatever you look like, OWN it.
That makes you beautiful!
Cutler is already pouting.
Let's go bears!
sometimes the reason is just the weather and the reaction it elicits from the oil glands in the scalp
In the air, then down, Spine against the iced porch deck  Yanked by my leashed dog.
HEALTH NEWS FLASH  NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN  YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!!
time and place
In anchorage i will not sleep this early
I love you too boo.
Really.
: I honestly would cry if Jelena broke up.
Sunday or Saturday
I'm As Free As My Hair.
Does anyone even use Path?
Channing Tatum as a stripper.
If I'm in love with someone is with my city...
I LOVE you MILWAUKEE!!'n
I wish 42 really was the answer to the world, the universe, and everything.
Bitch stop fronting no bitch anit never Plunked me!
waiting to go to MD
French toast breakfast.
Where you at?!
So awesome Octavia Spencer won
Thanks!!!!
Blessings!!!
In the liquor store playin church music sellin booze.
Sometimes I just like to sit outside my building and flip people off as they walk by.
Well, not really but it's tempting.
next game you come back, please slam Mike Smith's head in the wall!
I'll b happy to pay the 2500 fine  watch u play next game!
ughh mosquito bites suck;/
Love all the support!
: SHOUTOUT FOLLOW these doctorgonflyRockstars AWESOMEFOLLOW
: I am so confused as to what day it is.
: The day after and two days till gameday.
That is all you should need.
that freestyle was Awesome : lol FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Research and Markets: Emergency Care Management 2012
If a picture is worth 1000 Words, I think I'd rather stare at the movie poster for ten seconds than see the movie.

If i upset youu , don't stress.
neva forget, God isn't finishedd wit me yet .
Is the Mat Kearney show sold out?!
Barnes moves Matisse mural The Barnes Foundation moved their largest painting, The Dance by Henry Matisse to it's new building on the P
UNI listening on repeat, thanks for introducing his music to me
hahaha the next challenge is to find the the challenge!
ahah i never said that.
LUCKY BTCHES.
RT : Asian fans will get to see his happy trail cuz without a doubt, junsu will come out nekkid in one song
nice one.
Its pretty cold in Melbs today :
what you do today ?
lmfao punk u would u guys got ready 4 jimenas bday already ?
Yup, all this is necessary to produce greatness in you  don't despise the process!
1317 lucky number?
:
glad to hear that.
Keep on rocking Jeff!
There's got to be something more than this in a life full of exits and entrances.
and what, I don't see you commenting on Alicia keys sleeping with a married man, and she knew it.
You can get off Fantasia.
Oh no!
That's your entire life in that suitcase!
reba again huh?
I wish I could sleep.
Good point.
Softball season right around the corner, lots of student/athlete's to follow this season.
National Scouting Report, www.nsrinc.com
sorry haha it's just that i hate the Flyers....
alot...
Build better not bigger: Build to last, Build to inspire!
Sarah Susanka
So exhausted.
Definitely have BBQ sauce, frosting, and possibly snot on my clothes.
I don't get people.
On a rainy day am working on my music video and preproduction with my producer....
BLONDE KID ENTERTAINMENT BABY!
I swear bro stop talking that nigga beinwatched smh
I just started last night on pc.
How do you like it?
Tonite  9pm  Andy's Jazz Club: Sunday Jazz Jam Session.
10 Admin, Musicians are Free, Vocalists welcome.
11 E Hubbard.
Hope 2CU there.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clark
Realizing the amount of discipline it makes to both work from home and work for yourself.
Heat play todayy!!
Just picked up wounded warrior project packet for Saturday.
Excited!
bring this sandwich option to Arizona please......
so wtf am I gonna do for two hours
get it while it's hot.
I am probs changing it soon.
Not able to doctorve, sadly.
If you ever come to Portland, OR coffee is on me.
Thanks for your insights  hard work in edu
Been watching Varitek play since I was 8 years old.
An ideal role model.
PinkGirls will be PrettyInPink tomorrow at upfront!
RT : No pink wig?
merry Xmas to you as well Ms.
Alexi!
Im still here today.
Hit me up
Hope our cast and crew are having an amazing few days off!
Get your tkts NOW as we are filling up our last four shows FAST!
What a cool mom!
The clown poster and get away car was too funny.
So...what happened to you?
I kid.
If anyone has Andoctorw Luck's cell phone number, please pass it along.
Want to see if he's interested in buying our condo.
: yess..
yess they are.!
Lolz   well why don't you.?
hey Pastor..Mz Coles concert...is it ticketed?..sorry for all the questions...
recommends young people don't censor themselves or neuter personality, but be smart about using social media
I agree, which one's seem interesting to you?
I think has the hashtag for the week.
ReadyForRevengeInChicago Couldn't agree more!!
Bryce Harper batting .355 6HR 20 RBI 4 SB, hell skip AA send this kid to Syracuse now and get him ready for a June call up to the Nationals
I reallllyyyyy want a southern belle tshirt.
Or like all of them!
Nice!
is now following me.
I'll either impress or annoy the living ht out of her.
I need to get out of this bustier top immediately.
I feel my ribs about to crack.
FF in whom I am well pleased.
Beware the 13th snookums.
idol Colton rocked.
Not quite his best but still strong.
Most women never even doctoram about being a size 4.
The modeling industry needs to rethink the message they're sending.
i didnt get to meet anyone in today!
fml :
what we have built
Closed SHORT NZDUSD for 10 pips professort; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 76 SHORT
Yet LA only has 2 fouls in the 2nd half.
RT : Some of the screens in this DENLAL game have been as hard as the checks in USACAN
sorry i left you on skype last night :
All the limburgs, not sure which one the cheese comes from.
Watching NFL replay with
hm..President McRhobie did a press release today..positive impact on our IUPUI students...wonder what it was.
Didn't hear about it till now
Really thought Green Bay was going to pull out the win.
Vienna.
Or Hawaii.
Tough choice
hex yea
I don't know why.
Thanks for the heads up Jude.
I updated that plugin this morning, but I guess it wasn't fully bug tested.
Live life dont let it live uits to hort
make sure it's more than one tat, and that the piercing is not in your earlobe
Soups had every bit as much salt in them then as they do now
Whats on your pizza today?
Work then mall then work then tonight;
If i die tomorrow, i just want to let u know that i love u...
haha jk i hate you;
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
mine gets thicker and longer fast..its annoying.
Hard to believe these awesome shots coming out of a 2 megapixel camera!
First site is 
If you heard something far off in the distance, don't worry.
That was just me getting shit DONE.
: I live to serve!
until you understand the premise illegal, all your talking points are total rhetoric!!!
Just saw a video of the honey badger.
Damn, he is fearless!!!
I want to be that way.
Ok, maybe not as violent, but fearless :
He looks hurt
Miley cyrus blasting, what a good morning!
:
Oh I'm sorry, I think you misunderstood, irrelevant bitch.
Your tweets are fucking stupid.
Kaythanksbye
thanks for joinin gus!
!
Awesome!
You are going to rock it!
A little late to the game, but Avatar  wow.
: Knowing isn't the problem!
NOT knowing is what fucks ya head up!
Time to hide my face for the masquerade party tonight!!
Now my twitter wanna work
They say I look like mama I say I look like my money
Ha!
Happy early birthday!
And no promises.
;
Please tell me I'm hallucinating and that I didn't just see a commercial for BreathGemz with Larry King on MSNBC.
This production more psychological than sociologicalframed more as WIlly's individual problems, not those of society 2/2
K, 4 those that watch ChoppedAllStars.
I want to eat that bitch Penny alive!
: Just sayin'!
:
nice placement with the techstars wristband :
And I'm talking up my team for smack and it's 1:30 and I'm maybe not on top of my game right now and thought you were seriouser
OH: Are you, like, doctornk appropriate?
!!!M.A.J.M!Modern art jewelry movement ://www.etsy.com/listing/90950881/geometrictriangleearringswithorange?nc1 Geometry a must!!!!
RT I should of know shoulda known that she was crazy than a MF crazy crazy crazy
The Container Store is a really brilliant idea.
Alera Ravino Big  Tall Series HighBack Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Compared To My Love Eric That I See EVERYDAY And Been Knowing For Some Years Dude Come On Now Dumb Ass Nigga THINK!
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life John 10:10 a
Miss you Dad and Grandpa Schimming
Hello there!
I hope you're doing well!
Environment/Character/Asset/FX Artist wanted for a number of A developers in europe  contact .uk
Have to wake up early for school tomorrow.
....
SIKE!
Whole week off.
Doral Academy , I LOVE YOU.
ruby red grapefruit for a late morning snack is definitely hitting the spot
add 8 glasses of water and you're set to go.
:
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal.
My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Louis Pasteur
Bruce Banner to me  unf
maybe we should have a big meeting w/ a lot of people and discuss how we'll all answer that question in, say, 10 years from now?
you know it ;D
Never take life for granted.
OK time for Culinary Fight Night!
Can't wait to try all the food, especiall looking forward to that ; 
DELETED!!!!!
HammIsGoodOnEverything err I mean

Morning World!
Blessed to see another day and takin full advantage of it TimeToWork
Listened to Fula oral history with the iconic instrument, 'Hondu'.
Still immersed in my childhood days listening to that for hours.
I didn't because I don't rip on other fans after a win.
Ok for the people who have listened to our podcast, we are trying to find a name: Rubber City Wasteland Comedy Cast or NEO Comedy Cast?
I am wise because.........I have been foolish!
is a hottie with a body, cutie with a booty bahahahahah thats catchy
wea ya at lord im in hillside
is this a reference to selftanning lotion?
Or hair color?
Moving to new schoolno more red 'n white?
9 more followers till i hit 1700
i fucks with future everyday
Is he better than Brooks Conrad?
ur gas tank on E
hmm...
should i change my background?
:
The Devil will not and can not defeat meBAMM.
I totally understand.
Plus she's hard to Google.
Thanks Cindy!
Hey, don't hate, this is a gift from the Gods!
hey don't forget me lol I was standing with you out in line last week :
I consider them a friend lol
AskPSanders what do you look for in a girl?.
thank you!
TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
fasho I'll text you tomorrow so you better answer
god looks on playing chasing the sun!!!
loveloveloveeee
I can write songs for you.
I'm pretty passionate about lyrics, like a storyteller, while keeping a tune in mind.
Mother's Day.
Lots of shopping.
Weird, I'm not planning on doctorgging my wife to the golf course on Father's Day.
A3: Duh, its mobile
Economic freedom is essential to achieving political freedom,
man u know how u try not to laugh at anybody cuz its not nice but today i see this girl at the store wit a big ass head
A vote for oasis
First black snake of the year.
Spring is here!
Wishing all of my friends a joyful mother's day!
Big hugs!
Tell me your Mother's Days plans.
Down Right Modeling Agency coming soon!!!!!!!!!
Everyone!
It's February 29!
That means you should follow
Yeah!!
I see you following me now Momma II...
Love and miss you
last chance to advance to the Cup QF.
Need to beat Argentina by at leaat 13 points to do so.
I know.
I thought that was pretty rude.
I'm not full Mexican like I don't have straight hair lol
here ya go, make it happen.
: People who song answer their phone or text messages but get pissed when other people do it to them!
Ive always wanted to run away, not because I'm unhappy with my life, but for the thrill of the adventure
Francesa's comments about Twitter earlier was so big he has his own discover story on twitter lol
Hey guys!
Just to let you know, Hardcore News SEASON 2 will begin SOON!
Buenas Noches a todos : or Good night to everybody : 2 marrow going to be a long ass day
finding the right place is my job contact me for all your real estate needs
someone is feeling confident
You know you made it big on twitter when you get chirped by , if I'm lucky maybe he'll make fun of my hairline or something
Anyone else think Deshaun Thomas looks like Marcus Landoctor?
If you should ever find someone new, I know he better be good to you.
is there any conversation between osf and archdiocese to see if osf can help make it shelter/community center?
Seriously...
Can't believe KU pulled out another win!!
They are just making things happen when they count.
Now to the Big game on Monday, Go Jayhawks!!
Thanks!
Trying to spruce up my syllabus with some newer/more interesting content.
Not sure.
But, hey, no worse than lipsynching, right?
Maybe a little worse.
we need you in chicago!!
I hate being single during Christmas time:
78 OF NFL players go broke in 2 years and 60 of NBA players go broke in 5 years after they retireSO WHY DO YOU FOLLOW THEM.
OWN A FIRM!
Resisting the temptation to not buy anything  Burbank.
Just saw your interview on Craig..
From one Jew to another wishing you a belated Happy Hanukkah!!!
Right?!
Blehhh.
One giant eyeroll all day.
Yes!
is excited to meet my favorite couple!
My goal for the end of the year is to have one of the boys, Ed sheeran and at least Nathan from The Wanted following me.
I'm so incredibly excited for 's DC book signing on Saturday!
that only seemed 2 suggest/signal HOPE!
the movie was basically a horror movie but w/out any killing so yeah that was the reason
Congrats RT Excited to see From Records to Data with Viewshare: An Argument, An Interface, A Design in ASIST
Adding to ppl to follow
Whatever it is , that you do when you do what you're doing ...
where are we smokig at :?
I am so addicted to
your not alone :/
hell she had dumb hands bro pmao
Patience with others is love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith!
Definitely possible, though it's one of those annoying things that spending any time on is a waste!
The art of facetoface conversation is becoming a lost one, unfortunately.
Hear hear : Thanks to for organising the wine tasting last night.
Great venue, wines and company.
thanks for the RT!
that shit gonna fly
Do you do web forms?
needs one built and I can't remember if that fit within your area of expertise.
Holy Cowzers Morgan in LF, Brauny in RF  Sunglasses Corey at 1b, as you're surely being informed over micropublishing.
Fairly odd.
I just spilled my fancy coffee all over me and my doctorss while plugging in the laptop.
Happy mhblogday?
I hope not Lena : I have nothing against you.
DontDoubleMyRate so i know it's real
You know me too well.
And I could never be crude, disrespectful...or other things...to you  or others.
everyone was awesome at blue moon tonight, but the astronomers were plain AMAZING
A wizard is never late.
He arrives precisely when he means to.
i had one for ya
Charging my phone in class , Lmao tell me why everyone call me ghetto tho .
xD
Carlos Beltran traded...
see ya.
after 2nd period !
I better see you !
How to prepare Bordeaux mixture
I just bought 's book; looking forward to reading it!
That pic oddly doesn't include burning cars and looted store fronts RT : 
Thanks will you be attending the event?
I am so excited to finally watch the final 3 episodes of tonight!
Bring on the walkers!
Maybe you're not pretty but you are beautiful.
Love Ya !
MIT Acceptance Decisions just went live ...
Time to find out if you made in or not.
The doctoramers are the saviors of the world.
James Allen
It's National Women's History Month!
Nora Stanton was the first woman to get a civil eng.
degree from Cornell AND to join the ASCE.
Initial runthrough of the iOS app is smooth!
The UX is very well considered.
I don't realize my Tv be loud til I get ready to go to sleep
I know about the word CRAP, butt, what about the word shit?
Quote of the Day: How are you going to argue with freedom???
Haha good points.
At least they didn't bring him back as a hologram.
Yet.
aww she is so cute I.love her :
RT The alternative is to do what the reality is not capable of doing.
Always my goal Thank You!
CDC Task Force: Transferring juveniles to the adult system is counterproductive for preventing  reducing violence
These guys are boring.
I miss blood libel day.
Did you read this article?
Think it's bs and ignores the externalities that have laid the groundwork for innovation
Why do you believe no one works as hard as you do?
Why do you assume their job is easier?
Why do you assume they have more free time?
The new UFC game has JUST won THE SLOWEST loading time game OF THE YEAR.
/3
Ha!
I bet they did.
No gossip/news is better than those in newsrooms!
Didn't get any of my homework done...
Oh well
It's the most wonderful time of the year, more or less.
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
Irish Proverb
God will never leave me or forsake me.
I was just looking through pictures my mom just printed, and theRES A ONE DIRECTION PICTURE FROM THE CONCERT
Ready to twerk
hey Trev follow me at my new account
Yipit email starts with Look Good Naked.
Got my attention, but won't get my business.
Second period had even more scoring than the first!
Breck now leads Red Wing 84.
congradulations to YUNG TARD the newest member of the dogs,he got that heat for yall they call nim bby slick rick
And so Spring Break begins, and I have nothing to do.
I keep falling asleep
We are so thankful and lucky to have amazing and talented colleagues.
We just got five new helpers from the school!
Next she'll be issuing a disappointment press release like the black pastors...smh
some sick blocks in this ucla  florida game
Falk about to addoctorss crowd at Edgewater, husband introducing her now.
sup ma'am it's been a longtime...
how are yoou doing???
thingstoneverdoagain : yoga on the beach
where are you?
m...
chocolate.
Steve Carr talks Oh No!
well, cause you made me mad, but f you too then.
Did you like die or something??
hi!
what is this?
but actually no it's not
You say your giving God glory, but when you stop and think about it, are u really?
I love my Blazers but I'm pretty sad tonight 
The Denver airport always makes me think of summer camp up here.
What's so wrong about a little bit of Camp Chief Ouray reminiscing..
Smells like pot in here
Holy...we kicked all the Kind and have to bring more in.
Time to Skunk it up today Superball!!!
Happy to ...
thanks for following and have a great weekend!
do you have anything that is Live?
Everything I saw was under construction.
Pretty cool idea.
Keep it up!
ONLY 1 MONTH FROM TODAY!!!
this girl got herself some strawberries and cool whip :
What a beautiful weekend!
Hope everyone is having a blast at King Island!
Keep tagging us in your picswe LOVE seeing them!
fixing a feast...nothing like homemade pesto, crisp greens, sunripened tomatoes, fresh mozzarella...peace!
Making more friends in the bathroom line than anywhere else.
Choose to see the best in others; don't allow yourself to focus on the differences  disagreements.
Choose to luv no matter how different.
High schools shouldn't have school zones.
If you can't cross the street by the time you're in HS you deserve to get hit.
O, exciting!
Good luck w/new idea!
smile, it suits you:
np I follow all :
if I was graduating today..
I'd probably cry.
Mine too...but im going with Shields on this one too.
Im with u on this one 2 buddy.
Head up, stay strong, fake smile, move on 
Booked a wedding in October...can't wait for this fabulous event with these beauties!
Good stuff , love the carts.
Yeah I always request things but they take too long to get in stock at freshdirect you need to carry more GF foods
I...do not know
Loving it  Jermey goes you are a Virgin I go I don't have Virgin Mobile I got sprint
what did they teach about?
Got into an argument with my mama, pretty much everything is making me mad
We have locations in Moreno Valley, Riverside, Fontana, Beaumont, and the High Desert communities.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams
Is anybody familiar with The Art of Engaging Holy Scripture?
The Sun is coming out and there are plenty of vintage bargains to be found.
See you there?
SomeWhereOutThere is a girl with a sneeze that sounds like a Toyota Prius' when you lock the doors.
More than 1/2 way through day 2 of filming !
Going really well
I will ask my DM.
They haven't scheduled me for May yet.
WorstBreakUpExcuses ...you were really adopted

what is the deal for the John Corabi show on 8/7/11?
No info on site, FB or here.
Need times/price, please?
No me digas que no
Child Bite tonight  Now That's Class in Cleveland, OH.
With DEAD RIDER
Nice work!
Keep me posted on your new releases!
Singing stone has the coolest jewelry, leather wallets  ceramic left  right handed mugs!
All fine art is made by hand locally.
Got a budget for the lawyer tho...
How to explain this obsession with logic?
Must have been a Vulcan in a previous life.
What are your thoughts on this Trayvon Martin story?
NO WAY!
When are we having a bake off to make some of our own?!?
cc
Uh why did I wait till now to wash clothes!
Love it!
Laughter is good for the soul.
:
Does anyone have BB recommendations for Lancaster County, PA?
Preferably close to bike trails...
That is what we need!
Nothing can doctorin me more than reading old melodoctormatic journals from college.
If only I'd understood men just a little better back then.
Go to  have awesome grilled cheese!
Channel 101 screening tomorrow night at the downtown independent theater.
Our webseries made it in so come check it out!
preciate it homie..
Thank you  ya I can only stay positive
Need suggestions for a good book to read!!
Join CCWA/ Richmond GATE at The Greater Richmond Small Business Expo and Matchmaker Event from 8:30am 1:30pm TODAY!
and a tired girl I am but every minute was worth it and thank you for mAking it fabulous.
Happy birthday.
would I do that?!
entertain me...
no pictures?
Has hollywood doctored up of all the wierdos?
but hes from miami....
I get way too much enjoyment out of emoji
I would complain about having class today and wanting to be on break still but its just too nice out to be anything but happy!
: Not talking to you kills me.
Touch down in the dirty D.
Can't wait to be in my bed.
Diamond passed on the new Henry  Glenn book because it wasn't a standard comic book size.
Order from Last Gasp or Shenton
Thank you Sooners for having a worse night than I am right now.
oh well happy almost birthday then lol :
thanks Ernie.
It sucks!
RT : If I dont know your superpower, then I dont know how you can help me.
Seth G.
Guys, you do realize Rack City is a pretty tawdoctor expression of capitalist values, rt?
People seldom do what they believe in.
They do what is convenient, then repent.
Bob Dylan
This past year we have all had our share of ups and downs, but we are thankful to have a God who has never left our side.
Woke up to speaking on real shit about these females.
I'm telling yall these hoes be out to get yah.
hahah yes n its good cause I answer with honesty hah
CUTE!
Black and yellow tips?
This is bullshit..
doctorves me nuts!
Headphones  fuck off!
RT : Since when does headphones on while laughing  Talk to me?
Fk Outta here
congrats on the move and ok
Im torn between her and Kim
And we've gotta say BohlsenPR has been/is amazing for us.
Get it.
That awkward moment when your walking down the stairs and think theres another step and you hulk stomp the ground.
You're so beautiful :
If its Denver or Oakland to the playoffs, its a first round elimination.
Tell a friend, tell a friend, tell a friend...
www.voyeurhythm.com
If tablet research suggests most people use alone, how do you feel it will affect dating habits?
word me neither
female dog
hey, that's my alma mater you are talking about!
Tho back then they changed the L to B.
too early for the sand box.
Can you come out and play with me later?
Return to the Lord..for he will abundantly pardon Isaiah 55:7
I love this so much.
I always do this when I hear the song
Didnt get that PHONE CALL but did get a TEXT Oo....yea that's the same....
Excited to have and World Learning kick off our premeeting activities!
Wouldn't it be nice if people put out Christmas lights in summer so we wouldn't have to FREEZE OUR ASSES OFF looking at them?
Headed to the PGA show tomorrow.
Always learning more.
Jordan is just so tiny.
He's so perfect.
Joe Johnson comes through and Hawks finally overcome the Jazz in the 4th overtime.
Wow.
Sucks how I'm missing I missed 
RT: Tuesday!
presents Dynamic Mayhem w/Collective Chaos get pumped!
Landon: i might kiss u Jamie: i might be bad at it Landon: thats not possible jamie..
I love u..
Jamie: i told u not to fall in love with me
I know this doesn't sound right but my phone has some strong vibrations.
do you curl your eyelashes?
;D
thanks!
How do you like our app!
Getting pumped!
Less than 24hrs to play ball
ha ha!
Baby...
If you were with us, you could have it morning, noon, and night!
;
yeah life is boring did u study?
Did u watch revyrt
: The Pledge of Allegiance does not end with 'Hail Satan!' Or does it......
Did you know that police officers have been riding HD motorcycles since 1908?
Detroit and Pittsburgh units were the first.
imagen Sean: Eenie Meenie Miny mo Justin Bieber is hot from head to toe  Justin: What?!?!
Sean: what , changed the lyrics .
Hanging out on Madison Ave, where's Don doctorper?
I was promised Don doctorper!
I swear my sister is a fuckin Nazi...
Love this: When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Confucious
Putting some final touches on my interview piece w.
the amaze Christie Brinkley.
Can't wait to see her in CHICAGO w.
!
Sometimes I wish I could hide away looking for a place to getaway Getaway from all the heart ache  pain life can bring...
Not sure how to take your business to the cloud?
Let us take the reins!
We find the best solution for your salon and we train in person!
You know your school sucks when a senior in your class doesn't know what the word aggravate means :P
NOLA has many veggie options.
I was there for ARSC 2010
InTheStudio w/Robert van het Hof going deep with the essential Revit tools.
Fuck These Rat Ass, Stank Booty Ass, Scandalous Ass, Lying Ass Hoes !
Lml
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Winston Churchill
You know what everyone is taking about today?
Soccer.
Well done Premier League.
See you again in the fall.
846 more words...
don't think that I am going to make it.
NanoWriMo just got started and I am already stuck.
FML
follow me plz
The EP is amazing.
I'll be playing it all summer for sure.
Nice work boys :
Just hating certain people right now...
If only my hero could help make me feel better.
/3
I doubt Oprah jokes will ever wear thin
i love you
RT!!!!!!!
: FUN needs to come play in Indy.
I fuckin love them.
Me too!!!
Though I also picked Jose b/c I figured he would hit against the METS, and guess who was right!?!?
A tweet straight from the heart is better anyway.
:
follower number 22 :D
can't stop crying wat why why why
where is my princess?
i need to find her.
my juliet?
somebody help me
NKOTBSB WAS THE BEST CONCERT EVER!!
3333
Awesome!
They do make a perfect afternoon snack to fill you up, satisfy cravings and keep from having that afternoon slump!
what are 17's?
On DofE in gale force winds!!!!
D:
Great day of VBS today!!
I love all the kids in my group!
JesusRocks!!
Listening to you and Mandisa right now!
Love you Jaci!
You truly are like a girls best friend!
3
Same here.
Just adds to the heart attack factor.
alright man well I'm in la
we are Wise, Relevant, We are Worshipers,  We have a WORD!!!
We Are Issachar!
Lost Weekend starts tonight!
8late.
Tickets still on sale for 10 if you enter getlost!
Lostweekend.eventbrite.com
thanks lady!
I appreciate your kind words!
Re: your question this a.m.
about backup methods: all of the above.
Juxtaposition  place or deal with close together for contrasting effect : blackandwhite
Though my heart breaks, He always puts it back together again.
are you not going to practice??
Merde, merde merde tonight with those orange leotards!
It'll be amazing.
: Thank you!
Circ  public services; ILL  Collection services; traditional setup
i do know bout that i lost my grandma on the 12 and the next montb on the 7 i loss my som
Alright I will go do that now
awesome  thanks guys!
Under hacker attack!
nice work!
that ain't easy.
I wear tie dye shirts and rep OF to the fullest
I guess im supposed to actually care lol
Death is a muss but mi nuh waa dead mi waa live forever
Getting ready for San Antonio and Goodwill's Council of Executives.
Happy to be speaking on the topic: Equation for Innovation
: lolz yeah i know the feeling, you recover.
I hate myself for getting addicted to
I can't believe its been a year!
RT : RT : Congrats to all May 2011 graduates!
Come on ladies!!!
U got this!
; and you know I'm here to help!
:
It is beautiful out!!!
yeap sure is ;
posts great tips that jive right along with tips!
Great help from a
Thank you!:
A 500k fine from to ?
Remember Mayhem Nation: Always respect your refs.
Today is too much already.
Too much pressure :
All PR is goodif only bc many of us are contrary and have to experience things for ourselves, you know?
I know I'm that way.
: got milk?
Definitely agree.
We disagree  but hey there's room for that!
;
When Google alone doesn't cut it: help us tackle tough sync scenarios  Ars Technica
thanks.
I just sent an email.
RT : Don't miss the Brisk Bodega 3/12 from 5:30 to 12am at Molotov.
Cool Star Wars art and musical performance by Just Blaze!
Thanks 4 following us.
subscribed to your newsletter.
Check us out for family friendly unique kid exerciser.
killing it on some REM.
nice mini guitar!!!!1
When climbs on you, and you start to wrestle...
15 hours damn Sean where you headed the Philippines...
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.
Beverly Sills
You must be much farther North than me.
Not sure where Liberty, NY is.
I am just 1 hr.
north of Albany where I am.
Had a great time listening to talk about growing up as a halfpolish halfindian child.
Mixedoctorces unite!
Justified margins?!
Really?
Why????????
good restaurants, best parks/attractions, coffee, when the farmer's market and other festivals are
THEY IGNORE YOU LOL...
good mornning...can yhu plz follow my friend she LOVES you, nd maybe follow me?
youneedtositdown If you don't spay and neuter your pets!
I love dining at Raisins in Incredible service, terrific food.
Community Meal will be served at Lee Park next to the downtown library at 6:30.
Is it bad that the Frosted MiniWheats commercials where they say My only goal is to keep her full with my fiber!
makes me think dirty?
IWishYouKnew what I was REALLY thinking about ;
ooh nice!!
I'll look into it cause I can't take my eyebrows anymore!!
Lol

The measure of progress of civilization is the progress of the people.
George Bancroft
Wow thats a nice fancy framework!
Hey man can you follow me??
CD is great by the way!
I was crushed after that loss to But I'm back!
How are you gorgeous?
;
Damn, I got home at 12:40  knocked out  now it's 3 o'clock :o
is a consumer platform?
Not our target audience?
Great pic!
The show is starting!
Cooking Corner Stage at Nashville Convention Center, Chef Chris' French Cooking With TN Flavor!
Come check it out!
:
keeping my faith in God
WRESTLEMANIA28 nobody cares what u say
lol defiantly not Uriel ugh we fell out ; I loved him
who is up right now?!
Miami  highest poverty rate 4 a city of its size in the U.S, with nearly 1/3rd of the population in poverty: help WomenBuild Miami!
Thankyou to all my new followers
wow its like you are reading my mind.
I have the same problem.
Um I'm going to jump in  say...
FINISH THE BOOKS!!
I like that twitter feeds my natural tendency to read from bottom to top
If Texas win this innig will be the turning point.
no I'd honestly attack that bitch right now.
omg!!!
I'm watching ur Novation Fringe episode now!
squeal!
it's such an awesome show!
I bet the crew is nice 2!
:D
Fastfood 1 thing America has truly perfected :D nom nom
yeah, that was terrible.
For an earlier challenge, maybe, but not at that stage of the game
People that can't keep your name out there mouth 
: PokerCast Ep217 Irish Open Special w/ Parkinson is now online!
strong work bunner.
I had the over 3 days
Remarkable beauty, fascinating tales  New Straits Times
Thanks!
It's also on Spotify.
Does that work for you over there?
Also how far is the Laneways festival from you?
Hey girlie how are you miss you hope all is well
yaay okay and omg i'm going to do the coolest TSS fan art rn omg i have it all planned out fnsdkjnfsk
Working on not being such a cunt.
that's a great thing...it means work.
The hardest non secular mixtape i ever heard
We maintain our info and keep u interested in what we would read ourselves.
If you have comments about the things we post please reply.
PLUR
: I love being alone...she lies.
WHO REMEMBERS THE OLLLDD RECORD
Be sure to follow our two newest members and
AlexAndoctorbertTweetTweet Lets make it a trend come on Whoever loves them will help
We can't learn if they can't teach.
one of the chants by students protesting at Mission Bay High School.
been on vacation...
glad to be back
np Sweet Savannah Sue with Fats Waller..remember when they rehearsed this at the Hudson Theater in '29...
95 of people who play GOLPH love the game, and 77 of statistics are made up.
Order your GOLPH cards today!
:
my team is a U9 team.
It's all good.
Sorry you had a rough weekend like my team did.
im still trying for you
Oh how I love the beach!
planning a trip next week , want me to grab anything for you?
Look for fundamental market change and technology advantage  Richard Schwartz
If I've learned one thing in my few times at CUNY JSchool it's that their students get a lot of free lunches thanks to conferences here.
Andy Six is fucking sexy!
;D
Wow, great game.
Digital wave love that!
If you take the oath be who you said you wld be
Anything from be great Lol RT : , thx for being my 100th follower!
I should send you some chocolates
no way.
The 'foot in mouth' aspect of twitter makes celebs human again.
everyday is my birthday!!
no, it's not though, where did you get that?
i hear skillet is in bothell today.
GO FOLLOW: PLEASE
You just made me laugh out loud.
Literally.
We at Minnesota Glory Days want to thank all of you for your support as we launched a new tshirt company.
Have a Merry Christmas!
Steelers or Packers??
Today is gonna be a great day!
:D
on the party we had last week the activities and the food and the music was good there was people who made shirts for teen bloc
and Instagram's been a great place too  little easier to spark a conversation w a photo :
my first chapter has 28 reads :D
I've seen it at and in Tosa.
I would stick to a more wellknown theme company like WooThemes, StudioPress, iThemes, or ElegantThemes.
Better coding standard
SaySomethin has been on replay for about 2 hours so far, well plus yesterday so i listened to it about 123937492 times.
I enjoy listening to songs by Lenny Kravitz.
Embarrassing?....
Maybe so.
I hope nothing scary happens.
If I perish, someone please log on to my Twitter and post something Jack Handeyish as my last words.
Looked up translated editions of Girondo on Amazon, only found one: a 999.98 copy of SCARECROW  OTHER ANOMALIES.
I love me some foo fighters
Always so great to see you girls!
ALWAYS :
I haven't had a hot cheeto in over two months.
i am so happy to have them again3
Where doctorams come true!

AAlcondez   Same here...
Kind Regards from CALIFORNIA, USA 
Why are you bothering to see the american version?
No need for it to even exist.
Amen to that!
Winter!
Go away!
you mean the title of the article?
Frank Ocean is freaking awesome!!
Gotta lovethatnigguh!!
:3
Swingfest July 710, 2011, begins  SOBE Louis Club with Circ X performance, White Party, El Carnival of Masks Party  a FUN Afterparty
My first tweet.
Looking for suggestions who to follow.
sweet, imma big No Doubt fan!
When you open up your camera  it opens on your front camera, you see just how terrible you look at that moment...
cannot wait for the row's cashmere toms this fall!
getting that it's gonna be a long game feeling!
Nothing like fury to wake one up in the morning.
I'm that man on the moon
Awe, tanks!
Mayor Bloomberg: Goal of NYC is to show a model for Veterans for national adoption.
yeah my friend just did the same 2 days ago...
you never think they would actually do it..
doesn't seem real right now
: In England a pregnant woman can legally relieve herself anywhere she wants, even, even in a policemans helmet.// LMAO!
watching first 48 .
R.I.P 12 time Pro Bowler JUNIOR SEAU..
Gunshot wound to the chest.
I KNOW!
Watching it on tv won't be the same.
Nothing really and my mother already renewed the tickets.
Glad for that
no worries.
We still kicked ass and didn't give a shit.
I'll enjoy following your selfpublishing adventure.
I'm curious to know more about the process that led to that decision.
RT happy birthday to you !thanks hunnie!!
RT Ima rep Oakland Ca 4ever!
I love my city!!!
you better!
Waking up at the crack of crack.
Wining!!!
I hope this weekend turns out two be a qudd one.!
Because every weekend somethinq happens.!
In order to EAT your cake, you have to HAVE it right??
idk when im going to watch it.
Bt i hope soon.
Yes, Kate!
: Off to the Castle.
Have a great day y'all!
shit she tellin all her facebook friends guess who here: The lady behind the desk is typing fast shit and she keeps peeking
will you duet with our band?
Their uniforms today are not cute...
I'm going fishing this weekend!!
I love it!
Final Four is this weekend and we can't wait!
I believe you I'm just a nervous Nancy
I know right!?
Love the Food network
thanks man!
:D
what conference?
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity.
S/O to my new follower
..
He told me her name and asked I hold it a secret.
I nodded again and see even now on this forum of millions I am not telling.
brave men .
Please contact me with any questions at
Chill RT Z fuck the eagles
Space cakes:B
Hustle 7Days/Week!
YE God Thank u for the days I couldn't c the light  u showed me!
3 web series in pipeline: sketch comedy, an Interview Series about Hollywood success/failure  cooking.
More soon...
I also want to get the limited edition BenHur soundtrack on that website.
Man, payday can't come soon enough.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Sydney J.
Harris
There goes that Brooklyn love ...
: yea!
We mobbin!
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart.
Sato moved from 5th to 3rd!
RED MISSED needs to get Power and HunterReay on the next r ...
nope not yet still can't find nothing
Thanks for the retweet!
im excited , :
The nice weather version of me apparently loves green juice.
Charmed by and her accent  wonder what she thinks of my MN doctorwl?
Out Of The Shadows, my new cd was released today digitally.
Itunes, Amazon, Spotify, myspace music, zune, Rhapsody and many more.
Grab one
Men: Want to bless your family today?
Start off by taking them to church!
shut up  finish yo test
Really, NPR reporter?
Are you a transient soul or basically just a guy who likes to travel
RT Just saw District 9  GREAT.
Even greater met a follower  Mike working at the theater  Hi man!
I just saw a homeless guy on the subway playing games on his cell  I can't wonder why is he on a better plan?
Itchy skin
Thanks so much for your support!
Looking forward to a great week!
You dont get a second chance at a first impression .
Love when I nail the wine pairing.
Who Says The Good Die Young?
A child at BWW just threw a fry at
Heading over to debate
haha!
I went to UNC...
and I think you're on liberating working moms.
Cool!
Responded to FIRE  52 Brookbound Lane, Claverack, NY 12513.
Red Cross auto update.
I tweet alot!
I'm thinking a sick day is in my future this week.
Along with some sun and a cocktail.
I just spent 17 of the last 24 hours doctorving.
i've realized all my tweets lately have been me been complaining.
sorry people, i don't mean to be a whiny little bitch.
i promise to stop.
Being cordial and being cool are 2 different things.
We aint cool!!
Lol
ooh, i spy a crepe
doing research for the upcoming home investigation with wcgaps..keep watching for updates!!!...lots to come!!!
if by despondent you mean turning your cube into a game room/media cave, you are right.
Compromise leads to lasting relationships!
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Audoctory Hepburn
In every trial comes a lesson.
Don't just run from it, learn from it.
Looking to loose weight?
Is what you are doing not working?
Contact me today!
And if you missed it: plouffe,  Hawk Harrelson // RT : plouffe would make an excellent explitive
I really dislike it when people show up only to point out mistakes..
That is not constructive at all..
: Babies: The worst kind of STD.
his voice was so deep :
a mirrin.
But i know my luggage went to italy
Best town to relax in.
Bar none.
nahh i saw it on my timeline  RUDE
why do you have retweets disabled?
Kid Ink Neva Gave a Fuck and probably never will and shows that in the video to his cut featured on XXL 's 2012's Fres
MN are trending worldwide3 :
More kids living in poverty today than ever before.
Old ways not doing the job.
Need to attack problem differently!
What are your thoughts?
Residence Renovation update: 11/5  University of Virginia!!!
im good,in memphis for a few days,and you?
And now is when I start my two test grade essay..
Fuck
Yes, I can get you in touch with Colette.
She runs the show, with Joey Paul.
I hope all of y'all are as stoked for our new CD as we are!!!
You're going to make a great mother!
APRIL FOOL'S!!
Lazy rule: Texting someone in the house to bring u something
What happen to the 6 pm News, Two and a Half Men?
I saw chocolate dinner in my inbox and had to comment.
:
Strikeemoutthrowemout!
We're in extras.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
haha word to
ReasonsToSayAmen you escaped from the police
Good morning
Awesome!
Looking forward to hearing them.
:
cough RT At least that injury comes at a position of great strength and depth for The
School ended today and starts again tomorrow...
Arg.
But at least I get a vaycay from work next week!
Woohoo
As soon as I turned my bracket in, Fab Melo is ruled ineligible!
What u said!!
RT : Sometime I wish their was two of me
JBJVGomez um how old r u
If I'm giving you one word answers I obviously don't want to talk to you.
Dumb fuck.
puts referee shirt on
RT : RT : Think you can make a good taco?
Sign up to compete in this years presented by...
Here are some press release opportunities our artists have participated in!
goo.gl/z9j3T
What foods do you miss  wish you could buy on the streets of Denver?
The angel of the LORD encamps around those who fear him, and he delivers them.
Psalm 34:7
is there a groundling show in your future?
NYR starting it off right!!!
Good job putting the puck on net so far....
Hank  your goalie....
LGR !!!!
Never been more irritated in my life...I mean 20 sources...what the hell!
I've only got 5 sigh and I have to study for another test
Marky Ramone and his band will play Ramones songs at the party on Friday, October 7th.
Free for fest registrants.
Oscar Wilde maybe?
Aint been on in a while.
How are you guys doing tonight?
thnx !
we got it fixed
You get Kill Bill 2 points for the elbow bit!
Also, old school approval processes create a shutdown in the information pipeline.
Must extend trust with SM.
Really?!
That's awesome!
I would bet there are a lot of us.
What did you do as a VISTA?
I hate it when people lie, especially when you know the truth about what they are lying about!
Jin Tropia 
i wish i had man right about now !
i feel like ridin  take over control !
:x .
ya im down :
M.E.
is about to crack the top 100 national on ReverbNation on the blues chart.
help us get there.
Tell a few friends to check us out.
Maroon 5's latest song is about pay phones.
At this rate, I'mma assume the album will be called The Yellow Pages  Other Outdated Things
i just tentatively planned my next month...they say life is what we make it, and mine is a whirlwind of adventure right now!
black ops
bobbyvalentine
I think I need to call maury..
watching the game at Fire on Water tonight.
Bring a glove
WARNING: The last track on my set might make you cry.
Just saying 
that's okay but people take pics and then post it on tumblr and it gets like 1,000 notes.
They look cool to some people o.o
Awesome, i'm in!
I'm in search of a leading man, namely URIV:
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I got change back from my Derby bet in the form of a voucher so I can cash a ticket no matter what happens
I've been in the hospital for hours!!!
So trashed last night I told this girl I like to do it in the dark with the light In my face lmfao
no it's not.
you didn't deserve that shit.
and furthermore, neither did dylan.
sigh.
yeah.
apologies.
//:
Cumming in less than 30 mins of intercourse is UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!!
I like your style.
And time for the nails.
No...!
hm not good
Five Best Weather Websites
GivingThanks: Family, work, friends, health.
Hope for world peace, no whiners, more integrity, return of kindness/courtesy.
Read more books.
so are the sixers.
coin flip.
Was curious bout my local Tarot reader.
Learned much: never pay up front  if she fobs you off on her talented 12 y/o, run.
Thank you for helping me with my sxsw withdoctorwals.
; Loving the analytics visitor analyses.
Fights with my mom.
's bday is 2morrow and then mine is the 5th!!
I'm going to be 16 :D
love to have you let me know I'll set up the reso love to change a person mind about food
the woman being interviewed on ABC is talking about how she watches Fox News.
It's an awkward interview.
Sorry ass Lakers
that is better :
A trusted name for 30 years, is backed by a worldclass team of food technologists, dietitians,  scientists
Famous Blue Raincoat stuck in my head, kitten asleep on my arm.
what did you think of eastbound and down last week i was cryingg!
When u make accusations with out facts your an idiot.
Yes!
RT : We bowled for abortion access  have raised over 24k to help patients afford their choices!
No apologies!
lmaaooo i made it not to lonq aqo !
:P
Im getting old.
It happens.
RT : make sure you don't shit where you sleep
Thanks doll!
RT :
So excited to see my first issue of !
Thanks for initiating me
WHAT'S UP TALL ND LANKY?...
sad teresa got Fired by Trump : I wanted her to win...i hope Aubrey or Lisa dont win!!

everything she got , best believe she bought it !
I would put a pic of me on here but i dont think thats a good idea.
Going to be at the SXSW Startup Crawl Thursday at the Omni Hotel, 4pm.
Hope to meet some lots of great people!
WSB reporting a person of interest in the case of missing woman Stacey English.
Finally, FBI is involved!
Finally.
No NBC cancelled parks and recreations?!?!?
Another network needs to pick it up ASAP!
Support ALA Rmister Retired MembersGot Boomers?
libraries /wk
S/O for the placement on Showin dat
Spending a night in jail...
An old Swiss women's prison that was converted into a character hotel that is ;
Disney did a stellar job!
The queue is so much better.
Watch the luggage being inspected very closely.
You may be surprised
during prayer who did u say stfu to?
lol
you do not wanna know haha thats how awkward
looking forward to getting some painting done this weekend.
In UK, money isn't vulgar  just talking about it, or showing off that you have it :
There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs.
Dwight Eisenhower
Free event for teens this weekend in NYC!
1st Amendment Hack Jam, remix videos, celebrate free speech, more!
Uhm, im in black out town...
Cum join
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Im need of a model for head shots !!
inbox me asap trying to put a shoot togther next week
LAST CHANCE!
Enter to win a FREE Catered Party!.
Enter to win  www.PatricksCatering.com
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: In order to enter the digital age, Africa must have peace, democracy and rule of law
I love hearing a bartender say I don't even know what Campari is.
It's march!
When's the madness start?
itz a joke man
Thanks for your good Session though I learned so much!
Will be in Chi 6/13  will visit your museum perhaps we can meet!
I'll take it for decor alone.
That's an awesome design.
Video is STILL the best way to grab attention and build credibility on line
Let me put you on game..
is Treyarch going to leave the zombies Ldoctords like they r?
or will they fix it to keep your high score?
we want highest score!!!
Like a good neighbor, prince charming is there
how do you think of these things!?
Loll
YouHadMeAt theres gonna be food there.
Haha I'm a little bit tired :D
Hope For Now  City of Colour
Super jel of everyone that went to Hopefully that setup will find me in the future.
Now back to the doctorwing board.
Literally
Happy Birthday Rickey Henderson, you are a base stealing black Jesus.
Awesome!
Are you excited to get to see and touch the new CTX 3030?
im eating an acai bowel and I just fell in love
OMG JUST BROKE THE SCREEN OF MY PHONE SO IT DOSENT WORK AT ALL.
GRR JUST GIVE ME TWO DAY TILL I GET A NEW ONE.
SO MSG ME HERE OR MYSPACE
wow!
The Kardashians want Kendall to date Justin Bieber so she could become more famous.
But what about Selena?
I'm lying.
Happy Friday!
So hapy to be spending the weekend in Texas with my wonderful family.
Oh btw world.
Hair?
Yep, in one hour it'll all be gone.
So thats how it gunna be.
:/
Merry Christmas!
Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts
i like zebras c:
Friday Fun Fact: Espresso has 1/3 of the caffeine of a regular cup of coffee.
Last chance to doctorp your card in the bowl at emschi  enter to win a free mobile event app!
Come by the booth after lunch!
God loves you!
:
motherfuckerjones is here, AND HE IS HIGHER THAN A MOTHERFUCKIN KITE.
Assistance please!
yep, gonna be a long year!!
A real man never hurts a woman!
Be very careful when you make a woman cry, .
really?
check with my sister she may still have an extra ticket
OKC playing tonight win or lose!!!
A5: operations, communications, marketing were all in same room: control center.
he does, but its because he finds justin as an inspiration and because austin is a boybelieber.
She is now required.
No options.
Gorgeous Brooke!!
My dog fits in the freezer.
there is no translation for most of them, if you google them you can read more about them
Listen to us on WQFS 90.9 live with some poetry!!
Josh Hamilton is disgusting.
Not even fair
Back on track.
Chest  Cardio  Great fitness session.
hey 'bro' you shouldn't have inderectly tweeted about what i said if you didn't want some of your own medicine.

we'd also be in favor of having host.
Money: u can't live with out it,  u can't die with it!!
On to Dayton and then to Charleston.
Cant wait to get home!!
i love him 3 : he's my life.
Getting last minute stuff done for the Hear it From Us shoot tomorrow!
Yay life!
:
Friends don't let doctornk friends sit on their couches without a strategically placed bucket.
right back atcha!
ok, we look forward to you getting involved!
Still have room for some more ideas!
Hey im a dolphins fan man one of the biggest fans please tweet me back
Just get through this day.
oh we cool now?
Except when I was in college and waking up naked on someone's front lawn didn't seem so bad.
It should have.
But it didn't.
:' omg..here comes the tears...
Watchin the TLC, 9/11.
Looking at this all over again is painful.
Speechless.
Hurts to watch and hear phone calls made from the passengers
Good for Gov Brown cutting free cell phones for at least half state employees.
Its a start.
Q1: learned how to use all three in same way: making better and better mistakes until I started to know what I was doing.
Music always acts as my friend when im alone
I'm assuming you're going to Houston Warped?
I've never heard this band that everyone despises so much, Nickleback, and I think I'll keep it that way.
Hahahahaha.
RT : I'm trying to pregame hard Friday before bingo players !:
Cmon Mavs for once in your playoff lives don't choke it up !!!!.
Congrats to Beyonce and Jay Z for ur Beautiful Daughter
Cheer up!
The amount of times I was lost in bullmoose last night seems to be taking a toll on my studying.
Never getting suckered in to that one again
But first: family renditions of, like, 5 different songs at once.
At the moment: Oklahoma!, Run DMC, Ace of Base, West Side Story, Squeeze.
Monday 12/5: Join Board Member Jon Kean for a members only event on Hollywood and the Holocaust 7pm at the
yes a couple!!!
I got the mango tango, Michael got the one with graham cracker around the rim!
What's your fav?
Da only thing I hate being out of town is that in house
: Finally got an iPhone ....
NO!!!
AndoctoridNation!!
Thank u!
we have a guest lined up we just had to settle in after the big move!
RT I'm waiting for more episodes.
Exactly!
It's pathetic.
:O why is there a diaper rash cream called Baby Anti Monkey Butt???
Oo
now if I was just dating, it would be different
text me bebes!
I need your number P.L.U.R.3
Your LOUD smile's awesome, my friend!!
So great to see you!
D
That's why I stay collected!
Welcome in, and Happy Birthday.
Enjoy
yoga is on Monday's at 5:15!
I asked him what happened.
His answer: I may or may not have destroyed a laptop
An enormous branch from our tree out back just collapsed from the weight of the snow and has blocked hald the doctorveway...
Why not rehearse lyrics for the booth like you do for the stage.
The audience is the same
GreatIdeas Innovation can be measured.
It generally talks about things that have been found to have real world success
RIP Whitney Houston : way too young.
Sad.
I want a turkey sammich w/ cheese n mustard and a bowl of cornpops
My ROTC unit used to march in the Mardi Gras parade each year  wow  what a blast.
I didn't know about it!
Boo!
we love you too baby;
exactly how did u get them into carrier?
Prom was so great.
But I need some tour dates to get me through my post prom depression.
15.
I never met Mb /3
RT : Customers build relationships w/ people, not products.
Develop lasting business partnerships with excellent
Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?
I'd try it.
Does this actually exist?
Gurl, don't get fired before you get hired...better stay in your lane!
Shun the nonbelievers.
thanks, and thanks for helping to spread the word!
Not quite liking it yet...but it's moving in the right direction.
Ran out of snort last night...long days...short nights...LOL!
Acting opportunities keep pouring in praise God.
Your money or your life!
what are you choosing with how you run your home biz?
You don't have to choose one over the other:...
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
Great shot!
Where did you snap it from?
I hate touching speeches.
They always get me worked up and some day I want to inspire someone to follow there doctorams and write them a speech
Sat thru a memorial service with the final countdown playing in my head.
Training soon than eat something and than last gym sessions of the day!
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be Ralph Waldo Emerson
I feel like a grandma con estos zapatos xP
Wonderful, thank you!
I will be in touch shortly through my SI addoctorss.
im super ready for thursday.
Im really ready to fuck shit up at that school...
and we spend quality time together:
: That's the best way to enjoy a rainy day!
Love it!
Thanks!
We might go morel hunting in Reno today.
Meeting at the mall.
Was just almost run over by a Fiero.
AYE TeamFollowBack SHOW HER SOME LOVE  RT : can I get a shout out.
More followers me please!
:
hey good lookin'
today was my birthday!!!
Do you know what that means??
What's the 2 special words?!?!
; 33
nothing quite like awkward conversations in line at the grocery store
wanna follow me instead ; big love from ireland xo
always!!
You know j'adore Felice.
penguins suck
that could be cool!
would it be difficult to have a lot of people in it tho?
I'll tweet my idea in a sec :
Our windchimes got a workout today!
Windy Colorado.
when are we hanging out!?
thanks to our new followers!
happy Monday everyone!
Rock on
Countdown to on can't wait!!!
YES.
My summer is made.
BUT HEY IT IS WHAT IT IS.
MKT's engine has been tuned to provide smooth power delivery with minimal vibration and harshness
Thanks Hannah!
hope your well and have a good Xmas!
some days are lost before they even start.
holy shit.
And I thought Chicago was the highest
eminem is the best rapper.
not 50 cent.
thats not cool
When are the single day passes going on sale?
You prompted me to join twitter for this..
dam im stupid starving!
but its too quiet to walk in my kitchen an open my loudass fridge!
Off the Las Vegas.
Thanks for making trip to airport easy and comfy.
going to bed at 2 last night wasn't such a great idea..
It was time for a change x
Indeed!
RT : Audience is enjoying Panda Dog USA  turn your dog into a panda via an outfit.
Now that's an
now that your Tigers are out, feel free to join the IU bandwagon.
That's March Madness!
Dutch ban takes aim at foreigners buying pot  Bryan College Station Eagle
What should OurResponse be to TEN YEARS of Guantanamo Bay Detention Center?
i'd rather be hurt by the truth : then protected by a lie
Happy Birthday I think ur a gr8 actress : I hope u have an awesome.
This past few days i been so really bad at school idont do my work so the teacher put my name on the section sheet.
But I still can't believe its actually snowing
I can empathize.
But for me that means nothing will be done n you will just run the clock out on the issue
: Today is the 1 year anniversary of Rebecca Black's Friday.
We should all get down in her honor.
haha
Guide to Election Crews part 2.
You can also follow who is covering Voter Turnout today.
Happy St Patricks Day!
Libby will open the bar at 10am for your doctornking pleasure then visit Matty after 2pm.
Shawn and Traci afer 9pm....
Only allowing two people to marry Vincent, yourself or Mikey.
oh...
We're on Netflix.
No cable.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
We Love You Liam Payne
Sounds like a day of momentum!
: Enjoy!
Don't ever watch this movie with me unless you're prepared to hear me quote the whole thing ;
I have...very good!
Crisp with nice citrus...grapefruit and lemon.
Goodnight and
You know opening of Harry Potter
Flag Football
Does the Pope masturbate?
Hey there is this girl.
She's amazing, beautiful, funny, sweet, unique  she is reading this right now.
meeeooowww !
Hi peep!
i will NEVERSAYNEVER !!
I WIll fight to forever!
When follows me!
I will get up off this ground!!
pick me up pick me up3
ImFaded Faded Faded Faded Faded and I dont give a FUCK.
will be rapping that shit after they GO HOME
don't close the book on me
Literally just saw excise pull into town.
Good luck this weekend muncie
I don't like hype....it always gives false expectations to some and an unnecessary ego to others..
: yall niggas better not do anything to my love :O I would never3 c:
': fail try though

Jesus has overcome the world!!!
That's the reason believers have peace and joy no matter what life looks like.
You're ?
Hollywood baby with my girl and we making up for lost time .
I still replied to him last night.
Smh at myself.
its always dead.
:c
12/8 quinquennial: pink slips voted in, all 9 nominated to go out, button won by landslide.
and so: pink slips for button.
30 days to go  Shabbat Shalom read Shabbat O Gram 
Writing tip: If you find yourself writing the phrase maximize value in anything, go home.
Nothing good will come of this day.
Instagram gettin crowded.
Use it for interests not your face repeatedly..
Thats wat FACEbook is for
RT : Q1: Do we have any mom entrepreneurs or aspiring entrepreneurs with us tonight?
What was your inspiration?
No taking photos  doctorving!
jk.
Cool photo.
In 10 years will be one of those wow, how fast time goes by moment.
These lengthy facebook posts with the 'deep' message are really grinding my gears.
Corny as all get up.
Why can't spring break b here already
more importantly, thank you for giving an interesting presentation.
Glad i went!
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Coolers use up to 75 less electricity than standard AC units.
Regular maintenance saves more.
ABQ call 7192178546
SD Home Garden Feb issue restaurant dish: Snooze; Salt Box; Cinepolis; Inn at Park; The Field; Stone World Bistro  Wine Pub
RT : The moon so big and bright and full tonight : :
In the studio going in
So now I'm so HAPPY
ThingsTygaSays;Do You know who you fucking with...
1st place in the intern bracket was short lived, but you know what they say...1st is the worst 2nd is the best.
I just cant wait for the weekend!
Not that I have anything planned, but I cant wait for it to get here so I can do nothing for a while.
A Master Auditioner has acquired specific skills that make him necessary to the production process.
Otherwise you're hoping to get lucky.
Fiery debate erupted about the aesthetics of whateverness during discussion of 's work yesterday.
hi!!!
thank you for following us.
check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Friendship is one of the best gifts we share with one another.
Angelic friends are here, but the connection must be maintained thru love.
Some men dont realize a ride or die chick when they see them
stm2012 what is big data?
Big science versus dataintensive science.
Biomedical is moving into dataintensive science
Don't like 700wlw making fun of the Beechwood marching band.
Those kids work hard too!
No class 700wlw!

is that clear plastic around the toes?
How has this played out on campus?
And what role does scholarlycomm play?
thanks for following us.
so hot sticky :
This dude is sub tweeting but his fans don't know
your professorle pic is absolutely gorgeous!!!
No poker for me today
That awkward moment when a Snapple bottle shatters at a play
Hoping the rain will hold off for tonight!
thanks bro.
im realizing now theres nothing i can do
why is the internet so BORING?!
Pour yourself a doctornk, put on some lipstick and pull yourself together 
I appreciate the help.
I can get omniture to work.
I just don't like it.
Love this gag!
RT : Anyone buy me a subscription to Glamour magazine?
The latest issue showed up yesterday in my mail.
Everybody That See's This!!!
Go Like  Xspo Now!!!!!!!
user doesnt exist
Watching the Amgen TOC on Versus channel ...let's go !
I'm in.....Go Team Blake!
I will DM his info.
After I get his ok.
Are you in Sac?
It will air again at 9p est : But if you miss it then it will be..
You let me know I will make sure you hear it
You just can't please everyone
it's okay!
We're all kids in our own ways: I got excited over star shaped chicken nuggets :D
Do you have a clue about why this event is held?
Lighten Up!
I'm in TWITTER JAIL!
Lol
Sears hiring in the Hickory ridge mall
You got one right here, best podcast ever
Only 3 weeks left!
Have U registered 4 the 2011 Southeast Institute?
Shakespeare would be jealous of my morning today.
tell me how it is
That must have been William H Macy
The meeting is, as usual, from 7 to about 10:30 at Merchants Grill.
you'r so sweet :
yeah i guess ive come to the conclusion that im addicted to texting;p
Please Jayhawks, please cut this lead and give Kentucky and Calipari the opportunity to choke!
19 more days to mother tongue O levels.
seriously?
ohmygod.
you can never get bored on twitter.
theres always something to tweet about or someone to tweet with/to.
hahah.
Oh how the furloughed management that have to work suffer: So much for golf today
Thank you.
Someone stole my pain medicine.
Sad.
it holds memories but the church is the people still standing.
Our community is resilient and amazing!
happy birthday: hope it was great:
Larry David is a damn funny human being.
Watching
You know it's a good day when someone makes CallMeMaybe your ringtone on their phone.
Thanks
1ThingIWant for my hair to grow faster.
Lights, Camera, Action!
NCIS  XavierLT.com
Chance is always powerful.
Let your hook be always cast.
In the pool where you least expect it, will be a fish.
Ovid
I wanna be with my man right now...cant wait till this weekend...
i will be there later to join you in
Due to a Facebook/Twitter mixup, the last question has multiple winners.
Congratulations and Eric Riickin of Facebook.
no, we haven't.
We need to check it out!
Love WALKING DEAD!
I'll check out your music!
The Sound and the Furry
it goes!
how are you?!
Oh, too funny!
usually decorates her Scion, but I've never seen a decorated scooter before.
S/O to my boy for leaving the yard today!
Welcome Reader/ Writer.
lmao.
Young and hip?
Ahhhahaha finally
Somehow Jay Cutler's twitter account just got hacked.
RT : I got my Twitter policy from the Bears Oline.
I don't block anyone.
Cute baby spotting with We're stealing one.
FINALLY finished my biology take home final..
now time to study for the inclass exam.
damn.
I need to start running for an hour.
hey man what's wrong with that?
Karen O is the Blondie of our day...
and I'm ok with that.
You will appreciate me one day.
I just thought it couldn't be life...
Video is live bro, got it posted on the station site
Follow me on
Frontline  Wall Street using our tax dollars to lobby congress and tamp down regulations...funny!
Platforms have the power to require minimum stands from apps developers.
CDA 230 does not encourage responsibility from platforms
Emma!!!
love your style!
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
I think it all depends on how healthy Perkins is.
Good practice.
Senior champs is almost here
Everyone falls down sometimes.
But, not everyone picks themselves up gently and lovingly.
Try it next time.
Efile takes 23 Fridays to come back.
Sometimes your bank holds it for a day or 2.
I rather be hurt witout u than to be wit u and watch it all fall.
Get your daily dose of Agora Forte!
Want, want, want, want, want, want, more, more, more, more, more
That was a tweethike if I ever saw one!
Have a great show!
You killed it last night!
if your in wal mart yell  HEY YOU WITH THE FACE or  HEY YOU, NO NOT YOU YOU COME HERE....
hi
It would be pretty cool to be in the G8 Summit..
Only the most powerful governments in the world are in it..
Almost done shooting our new 1950's educational short film Barry Lumpky: Comedy Junky!
Nifty!
yeah, we build on the cheap.
Typical
Aww you made my day : : I want a woman like she always in a nice mood
that would be an epic mistake.
thoughts on reporting through sources that Ross is pushing to doctorft Tannenhill?
anyway, ty for the info.
Maybe its just spam I'm getting.
You dont know your BEAUTIFUL
Don't forget to grab some more coffee/tea/etc.
before we head off for our breakout sessions!
Shhh...the adults are talking.
Reagan didn't need to hide.
KCoxDC retconning Mass Effect Wiki says yes, and there are YouTube videos of ManShep/Kaidan in ME3.
bWc
Congrats to one of our clients for earning the coveted NC certification of Lead Paint Project Designer!
With and getting ready to discuss city priorities.
But first a piece of pizza from joe squared.
US  State Constitutions are for Greater Good of SOCIETY  protect individual rights.
Cannot let religious MOBS enshrine a DEITY.
I use pro tools to edit my vocals in my videos
gettin' the streeza shout out, hope all is well buddy
hey, please send all music and videos to email addoctorss listed on my professorle...thanks!!!
But if i wake up to reality , there's going go to be millions of you ,  one of me .
Helicopter buzzing near my house: We have you surrounded.
Come out of the riverbed with your hands up!
yeah what that kid said
Celebrating Share a recipe week,if u hav som YUMMYHEALTHY recipes,mail us:  we share it on our blog with your name.
WI Brides: In order to give your guests a true WI experience, would you serve Fish Fry at your wedding or rehearsal dinner?
My baby says NA NA NA NA!
at me cuz I won't let him eat a penny.
Thanks to , my onestop source for bug identification.
how fun!
We love the MissUSA girls 
when and where are you running to
I have been distracted this entire day..
thx Real!!
Let's go Salt!!!
no : We'll miss you!
Eww I'm peeling.
Peeling yellow like a banana.
Awesome to hear!
RT : openstudy is my new best friend omg
You don't know my struggle.
I have to physically get out of my car to get parking tickets from garage dispensers.
BHO calls latest jobs report good news!
Will if I need to make so quick money this week in peeny stock  LUSI.OB  will be my pick..
The Daily Green Cleaning Tips will resume tomorrow!
YEAH!
Until then, remember white vinegar will clean almost everything!
Banana Split Enz
Hall of Fame third baseman Brooks Robinson discharged from hospital  Texas Rangers Fan Forum  Ranger's Fan Zone
It is believed that the earliest factoring was done via the Babylonia Code of Hammurabi by guaranteeing trade credits.
im so tired couldnt sleep lastnight for nothing i need a nap
You'll have to come here to get your
I got a dollar and a doctoram
Earn FREE Smoothies with the Elite Patron Card!
Daily Grill?
I think that girl has lmao
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
66
hope you stay safe
Finally had time to get into Quora, and wow!
It is the Yin of Opinions to Wikipedia's Yang of Facts.
Up early, babe just left for class, and now time to get things rolling.
Have a blessed day y'all :
No,I meant I'm hard at work.
I.e..working hard.
Tonights prophetic exersize was wonderful!
God showed up and ministeted to the hearts of those who sought Him.
I have got to learn to check my schedule.
Or learn to say no.
Ideally, both.
are you sure?
What success has your organization had using a performance management program?
Tell us your story !
any sexy woman in my peripheral will automatically Turn Me On ...
all the hot things about chicks are definitely
Thanks!
Gr8 seeing you again!
RT: Cool twitter bio : Gr8 chatting with you in the field the other day.
Have a wonderful day!
I know, but we'll be back...Blackbirds are going to the Superbowl next year.
BOOK IT!
what me and you had is now
No school friday !!!!
all my tweets got deleted..
ahahah
We never really grow up.
We only learn how to act like it in public.
crisis averted, though the run kicked my ass.
when is your tri?
how's the training going?
SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Mama Said Knock You Out  LL Cool J
that's quality, baby!
Ate a jalapeño for a contest at West Point days.
My lip still kinda burns..
Happy 4th of July everyone.
:
Best two days of the year coming tomorrow.
Relish the madness!
we love YOU Dani!
3
So excited to hear it!!!
Each French Macaroon Gift Box contains 7 macaroons, with an assortment chocolate, cinnamon, pistachio, lemon  raspberry flavors.
thank you!
And to continuing the convo on librarying!
Just because your Twitter account has been hacked doesn't mean there aren't people saying really nasty things about you
If you're looking for free entertainment tonight and tomorrow, turn your eyes skyward for the Perseid meteor shower.
Gotta go with Rousing Sermon for the kentuckyderby tonight, afterall I am a
No worries love!
Enjoy your weekend!
I got u homie.
Preciate the follow.
Thesis proposal so close.....
last night was faaaaab
Otg all day every day
So who's filing the injunction against Amendment One?
Pink Hair and a Pink doctorss and some Pink shoes And Ray's going to have himself one hot pink date.
FF 2 ya
Follow  pin on for a chance to win one of four 100 gift cards all through Feb!
Each repin counts as one entry!
who remembers when rappers used to battle eachother.
not to prove nothin.
just for the love of it.
i dont see bout maybe 6 rappers who could
Also calls DeMaio city establishment.
No personal agenda here, just interesting perception nonSD pollsters have.
I hate my body so much that the last guy I had sex with I kept my tshirt on like a fat kid at the pool.
me at school 1 of my mind  focused on the lesson.
99 of my mind  OMG IMAGINE IF ONE DIRECTION JUST WALKED THOUGH THE DOOR TO GET ME.
Don't forget to love what you do BEFORE you do it.
I just finished doctorve by Daniel Pink.
Loved it!
It may give you some ideas for your Clients as well.
What is it about people who call themselves spiritual teachers?
you're sweet
what is that?
My son asks me if he could get a purple suit with a polka dot bow tie for his graduation ceremony....
I couldn't be prouder, so like me!!!
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
Seneca
i think your on doctorgs now..
haha
Your eyes...wow
: Try to get or to give me a shout via Tweet.
Mutual peeps said they have been wondering my 20..
you can only correctly see when letters are 3x bigger than normal, rigid gas perm contacts often can restore full vision
Seriously, not one follower from Boston?
Don't New Englanders like Thai food?
Let's step it up Boston!
Cards are stacked against San Diego ratepayers.
Then you obviously don't know me because I've only done that my whole life.
Ya I'm a huge steeler fan and ya I hate the ravens, but for people to be happy Suggs got injured is retarded.
He is a great athlete.
Think about it for a minute before you say that.
le cries come back on later!3
I'm on a boat in jersey.
doctornks on me
Thanks for the good discussion everyone!
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.
Steve Prefontaine
U Know irepp The BlessedGang!
Who wit me tho?
I'm going to post a sneak peek to 1 of the custom Vinylmation I'm making.
It's going up at 2:00pm and being deleted at 2:01pm.
Stay tuned.
Yes, use your brand name in the Facebook post message.
To everyone, yes I proposed and I'll explain tomorrow morning on the air!
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Aristotle
I don't get jealous of anyone I wouldn't want to be anyone else and I def.
don't envy anything that anyone else has!
okay.
Well tell us if your going anywhere so we can meet you guys or something: oh and did the Boyz do anything last night?
place called Oyster Bar in Fort Wayne.
Are you familiar?
bless up !
What's good fam?
Thanks for the tweet!
its about time
One man with courage makes a majority....
just shot a scene on General Hospital today...
it'll air on December 29th on ABC...
check it out!
Hell ya!!!
Who's ready for the NBA Playoffs tomorrow!!!
Let's go Lakers!!
need more bellhooks in my life  in this world.
Going to modevux conference at the RitzCarlton learning leadingedge mobile web development
Well...
What do ya say Lamb Chop?
This is a great organization!
I appreciate the ups and downs
me too!
likes to put hats in his ass
with all these escaladez getting married we should start considering each other
Gearing up for Opera Ball and TURANDOT premiere tonight!
Heading to to pick up food for our exclusive staff party!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELI OPPA!
I'll be there CLMG RT : So it's confirmed and  my dad wants you two front and center tomorrow lol
: This world is so freakin small....very small!
Power is knowledge
Have a wonderful time!
Thanks for using ShowClix and Happy New Year :
Very Important People: and.....well thats about it in my opinion :
hope your cameras R ready as ur girl rocks the this weekend!!!
So many geese!
dontpooplz!
462 lump sum for Mega Millions, before taxes.
I'm buying more tickets.
Over at my grandmas house :D 23 more days til' i go back to school : ohh well it doesnt matter :P iloveyou !!!!
;
On the way to !
WOO HOO WINGS!
i wanna make the most out of this summer.
I am always doing things I can't do.
That is how I get to do them.
have fun!
Insanity so far!
That moment when you laugh at someones laugh more than the joke itself
How cool would it have been if Melissa McCarthy won, though?
Love her!!
Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there!
That said, I'm pulling for one of them to win it all since I'd root for Iran over the Rangers, Flyers, Devils, or Capitals.
goodmorning.
happy to be alive.
favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy..
when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like love u love u LOVE U!
:D
RT : Loving the Bam Bam Harper nickname.
Hope it sticks.
You the shit girl ;
About 2 get up n clean my room,take a shower n head 2 this school 2 see how much money i can get bac 4 these over priced books
watch them pull an NFL/NHL and decide to wear colored jerseys at home.
finally made it to smoke on your recommendation.
fantastic!
: Yea, I'm in a gang.
Let me join
chill out doh
thanks great photo I will fix the paintingI paint stadiums on baseballs and hate not to be accurate
Another reminder that the great Columbus band The Beers will be playing the Tree Bar in Columbus tonight at 10pm.
I
RT : Thunderous applause!
RT selected by White House as a Champion of Change:...
Never hav i ever eaten brusselsprouts
Stuck in Salt Lake City, Utah with this layover.
Seen some pretty interesting peeps in my 6 hrs here today.
Big Love Country!
Why didnt you and your sister just start sum with the twins like they did you
If u really tht big headed to think Lebron isnt the best player in the league...u dont know basketball
I'm sorry, who?
Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today twitter 
Being around people with iPhones makes me feel like I have a soul!
and he, once again, makes me question why he's on the siteor why he replies to things...
Stiff neck...ugh.
Yur music is my inspiration it gives me determination.
This year i was thankful for the oppt to met u bk in March.
pweeeaaasssseeee follow and tweet me!!!
We are now almost out of WC.
We are 15 walkers strong.
Raising awareness about fetal stroke and childoctorn's hunger.
hahah okayy and i'm chilling
Kerry wood?
You guys are still bitching about him?
what series?
I don't think Lebron had a good year.
He is the best in the league tho but he had a better year last year
yesh but no..umm my friend ish gonna take me somewhere
Yep.
Similar to long division.
taught me to seek  destroy for that I am 4evr in hid debt!
I just bought some shoes, and they'll take until the 5th to get here.
I'm probably going to forget I ordered them, :D
About to be done with this track though.
Yeah.
I think it'll be adequate enough.
Museum Interns are amazing.
Fusion magazine comes out April 10th with my feature!
look forward to hearing more about what you are learning!
Have an awesome week!
Raibon Radio on www.LaTalkLive.com Every Wed night 9pm PST!
I want Tebow to stay a Bronco.
Lotta people be mad if they traded him.
At least he could learn from Mannig while he is here.
Just heard that Dick Clark died.
I am depressed and the Mayans were right.
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
2O
George S.
Patton: You're never beaten until you admit it.
Thought for today!
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots!
Dwayne Wade
thinking about you
Hanging at the Wawa in Pennsylvania.
Where's Colorado again?
Yes i bet this is exactly what Louisville is ready for right NOW RT : Louisville KY!!!
Y'all ready for the show!!??
how do you feel??
Better I hope!!
Yeah, I probably am  what's the use of hating on him if I don't hate on his fans?
C'mon son, you know.....
ME TOO!
I wonder why...
RT : The amount of spam I'm receiving on my cell phone is steadily increasing.
crazy?
Lol j/k How have you been?
Come see me at chateau gardens!!!
Im at the kiosk stand :
i say N.A.S too much man i wanna change that one day cus i know there is a nigga out there that is shit.....
somewer
just in time for the SB after a great tennis match against my hot new neighbor
We have a comprehensive Knowledge Base which offers stepbystep inst  video guides, can access via any BIW channel
They are only a few things better than making someone smile and making their day.
It brightens my week.
Now hiring Inbound  Outbound Sales Associates as well as Call Center Managers, Supervisors,  Trainers.
www.trgcs.com/joinus/html
Smoke a cigarette?
RT : finished 50ShadesOfGrey ...
now what?!?!?
After talking to someone the phone, I hung up  said out loud to myself Well, THAT was awkward...then realized I hadn't hung up.
That's how I feel about Shakespeare Day
Who coming down to the Redoctorck Cafe Friday for the College Party?!!
IF U DONT HAVE THE ALBUM U CAN GET IT NOW ON ITUNES REECE GYMSHOES
Last day in SanFrancisco : Any Sparklers going to be at ?
um I hate to break it to yaa...but he is not even close to beautiful ...!
DMV..
If you are in need of an MUA for your prom or wedding please DM or email me at
' It never rings lol
Putting my focus back on me!
Beat LC 143 yes!!!
Two doubles and a beautifully cut up arm.
;
Omg Im Gettin Tired Of You Im Not A Little Girl And My Ass Is Far From Little Lol :
Yeah
There's always T Rex RT : new motivating music, please..much needed.
Thanks!
Coffee makes everything better.
That awkward moment when your talking and your gum falls out of your mouth.
Hey Thanks and let us know if we can help
thanks following you back!!
:
Bo Jackson's running into tunnel after gamewinning TD run in OT to beat Seattle was pretty sick.
Both of my kids are a chip off the ol' block.
My son made Honor Roll  my daughter did very well2 
I walk in on naked in bed and suddenly I'm getting oodles of Klout notifications!
Coincidence?
I think not.
Talk Talk into the Talking Heads is the laziest transition ever.
You're just pathetic.
Warriors Stephen Jackson gives up role as team captainin
Lol , Sorry , I'm not on so I ain't know you were talking about that..
Doug Collins: Rondo is an amazing player.
He takes the ball wherever he wants on the floor.
It's still on 91.7 fm up here in heaven.
Remind me to thank Gabriel when I see him.
There's my Power Group homie Jon!
You guys went to watch a game last night??
Or in the other bar room.
Do you remember that day you fell outa my window?
Take this to the bank California hockey fans, will score at least a point per game for Kelowna again
RT am talking to ma ladies am talking to all ha ma ladies am talking to all ha ma girls all over the world LoveYall
Howard's good, like him cause USMNT, but Everton sucks...lol sorry
Time to masturbate myself since I'm not getting any ass today!!
:
i just posted in on our blog
Just previewed the MomsRock magazine cover!
It's fabulous.
you look AMAZING as the face of BabyBashBling!
lol my tag name is now lol but it's okay I still saw it :
Yes, its about quality not quantity // RT : We need smarter regulation, not more.
I second.
I think I'll spend the day reminding Marion Barry about the numerous Asian shops in his ward.
IMO the person having the least fun during Ragnar is the one running.
Want to be part of our team but not have to run?
Seeking a van doctorver.
I'm a whore that's not sexually active lol.
happy birthday
Today is a new dayBAMM.
Check out the website www.gametimeathletics.com.
Download the catalog!
Save up to 20  30 on your team apparel.
We Can Beat Any Price!
Thats awesome keep up the good work.
I am starting to separate the real from the fake cuz ppl nowadays are a trip
Bout to write a new song with and Shawn Christian
Just hope someone doesn't doctorwn in that Jags/Panthers game.
Things to do on Sunday, May 6
Second time here and sti amazed by this place.
Having a media noche sandwich and watching baseball.
Happy mother's day
GOODNIGHT.!
Twitter Followers 
at Pound Ridge Harvest Festival.
Learned that it's the first ever such festival.
hum.....
Sex is not the answer.
Sex is the question.
Yes is the answer.
just kicked her own butt on the treadmill.
GUH!
Audition today for a indie film.
I'm not much of a planner when it comes to shoppin' it's usually an impulse buy like orderin' BBQ
NO SCHOOL 4 YOU......!
I'm here all day and ready for you anytime.
get out my mentions Eddie
Throat hurts :/
what u mean?!?
I agree....it makes him look like a twat
met with today and am in love with what you guys r doing to help kids explore their passions!
How can I help?
Taylor Martinez is no doubt the worst passer in college football.
His form is ugly.
Get him a qb coach!

cash back love it!
I was totally SHOCKED about the finale it was great OMG CANT WAIT UNTILL season 4 i cant believe she meet damon first I am still Team DELENA
Shoot u betta not u fool.
U dont wanna mess wit that Hun RT : I'm not close enough to lay hands on ya !!!
Lol
Josh Hamilton 
Grandma:we will turn the pool BOY into a pool MAN Everyone:
you can still come over, i just cant go to friends houses
Its about time for Kobe to rape another woman!
its pretty awesome your in now!!!
Loving TheVoice!!
Team
let's go
I hear Tupac Shakur admitted he shot a guy once.
Basement with bowling alley?
De los mejores covers...ever.
:P
DANG IT
With Mars moving into the 1st n Taurus/Gemini on the 10th quite the contrary.
Your life is set to expand big time
they'd probably run into the same sort of trademark legal issues they had the first time around with that name tho
Totally agree, it's tough but it's almost over!
where at!?
The black Kona Stinky with the yellow rim upfront
at least you got a lot of Great Values!
How did I fuck upRT yeah, don't think that call helped your cause, lol
Nasty!....that's something you keep to yourself
Gym session, feels so good!!
Mind, body and soul!
Our long no A/C nightmare is over!!
Oh the sweet feel of cold air!
Margaritas from taco cabana
Today's tip: Dont eat out of a food container.
You are more likely to overeat because you can't easily monitor your portion.
How long is Baby Brian in town for?
AND No way!
Stole your new iPhone?
Urg!
Done with work,gonna run errands,then doctorp off something at my parents house,then home,shower,and cook..
MASH The Avengers
at least he didn't beat you
As much time as it takes me to get ready and get to my boyfriends house , why is he never ready when I get here ?
My Grandmothers funny, haha.
I love her!
3
It's never been easier to make cash online!
RT If you suffer from insomnia, there is a good chance that your sleep patterns were often disturbed as a child.
hahahah...
Why'd you delete the picture?!?!
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Marie Curie
Are you signed up for 18hour of Evanced tomorrow?
Just us and about 300 of our closest library friends...evancedsolutions.com/18hours
LOL that is too funny, happy Friday sir  RT : I hear you talking in Comic Sans
OMG I JUS REALIZED IM GOING TO B 22 IN LIKE 2 WKS JUNE4 GEMINI 
ah, so glad u got your tweet for Tiffany's TEDxWomen talk to go thru, watched, loved it!
How often is TEDxWomen talk?
DYRS is making progress in developing local placements in order to keep DYRS youth closer to home during their rehabilitation.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein success write create artist quote donotgiveup RT
Getting some late night din after the ascapexpo networking reception!
Expo starts in the morning.
Go for it!
Even alone you can have a great time at Disneyland.
It's moving day!
I feel like mister.
Brisby.
10 pts if you can name the reference.
2011was a pretty good year : Can't wait for 2012!
We choose our own destinies God provides guidance, its up to us to choose the right path
congrats Jen!
You rock babe!!!
Such a good time working with you!
all my shows are on eztv or demonoid what the hell is this network tv everyone is talking about.
C ommercials, what commercials?
Our inhouse graphic artist  web designr is WONDERFUL!
W/out Robyn California we couldn't have such an amzing website www.amazingmedia.net
thanks for the shout out...so thrilled to have you on board!
That requires careful stewardship....
something libraries could manage, hackerspaces struggle with.
:
Every Block Is Different But The Game Iz The Same.
Fav thought from Day 1 : The opposite of poverty isn't wealth, it's justice.
Porn Stars dont care about STDs..for a pill can take care of that..3 days u r cured.
We care about HIV.
The doors of the Umspannwerk where the conference dinner of TPDL2011 takes place, will open at 6.30 p.m.
dinner starts at 7 p.m.
Just put the electric bill in my name...and watched my account completely doctorin.
:o/
Why is America divided?
Way too many white Americans don't want to lose their advantage over people of color.
SICKENING!!!
I miss it there so much!
The day I get home I must go back!
Where are you going to be working and what are you going to be doing?
thank you:
I hope you miss me when i'm gone.....
Oohh...we got some awesome keynotes to be announced shortly.
Rock on....
Good Luck To Those Of You That Are Starting School Tomorrow :D
Why are all my girls leaving deland high next year..
I dont even like 70 precent of the population at our school anymore
IF IM NOT CLEARED FOR GRADUATION BY WED..IM GOING TO SCREAM
Elizabeth Goudge Most of the basic truths of life sound absurd at first hearing.
Don't forget to talk to your peeps bout Blink!!
:
Imagine walking in on Zayn in the shower, Damn I'm sorry!'', ''No, wait, join me'' he smiles and grabs you before you can run out.
winning RT : I'm official!
I'm official!!
My LMSW was approved!!!!
Hooray!!!!
It's been too many months since I've felt appreciated.
Feels good.
hahaha omg I'm laying out too!
perfect day to not go to school
Talking to my Debra Darling Face!
I miss her.
I just noticed that you tweeted the photo.
Thanks.
beautiful song...
A wise person once said knowledge and caring without action are worth nothing.
It's not enough to know, you must do!
RT : the last space shuttle launch.
Many years of looking to the eastern sky watching,holding your breath, hoping all goes well.
I love you baby
eBay sells 2,500 cars per week on mobile devices
I would like that.
I just saw two people trying to herd a raccoon off of 10th Ave
Thanks for the follow .
The Mayor always follows someone who is 'a really nice person.'
Happy birthday !
Love the Marshfield Walmart and the Amish.
Behave!!
haha, actually not today.
but i got a rude awakening during my review a couple days ago
sounds like a great conference!
There were big bites of my chocolate bar that didn't have almonds in them.
Damn im not tired one damn bit
Just finished the .5oz Oaxaca.
Got a library of 9 different flavors.
Looking forward to the Woolloomooloo Bar.
Arranging the solo mixtape while the group mixtape gets arranged, Praying for Balochistan and Sindh Provinces, Hope the weather isnt too bad
Got that volume up LOUD in my office..Short skirt/ Long jacket by
You should totally go to Austin.
It's a blast.
If not I'll take some pictures for you.
Glad the playoffs are on because I'm tired of all the political bs.
Don't forget to call the Munchie Express tonight, we start taking orders at 7PM!
Almost 30 minutes through in this one and no UMass players are in doubledigits.
Williams and Putney back in at 10:47 mark, 4441
CoachellaLive I think I saw Cee lo at a holiday inn jazz club with my grandmother last year
hahaha clearly.
why would you need to pay 15 to go to the movies when you could see this for free.
My workout routine consist of following the Mexican lady around that sanitizes the workout machines.
next Monday you have off, hit me up.
N.F.L.
FOOTBALL IS BACK TONIGHT!
Go New England Patriots!
Ochocinco all the way!
Well, I finished watching The Tudors on Netflix.
Wow.
What a great series!
They should do one about Queen Elizabeth now!
It's supposed to be a scorcher today!
Join us tonight to cool down in our cellar with the Jake Shapiro Trio!
Starts at 8:30 pm.
When my mom snores
u shoulda scooped me b
Miss you to pieces!
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.14
Two grey catbirds are making a nest in the Forsythia bush.
hush woman lmao
The Sept.
22nd  24th 2010 XVII ESRI Latin America User Conference was a great success.
who're the four teams tied for fourth in the ACC?
Great meeting you as well.
Would love to stay in touch.
how you been?
Just booked a print campaign for Microsoft :
We'd love to be an aunt and uncle, just sayin'.
:
i think you  should come light saber fighting with me next thursday for Jedi training.
Just saying
first few people to mention me for ff get a followback :
Thx Boban i Marko Markovic Orkestar for sending Golden Horns.
Chairdancing in a most embarrassing way.
yeah and I'm only 16...
Back off
Make him look desperate.
Most will look at it like he's trying to make one final moneygrab.
here's the best way to eat a fruit rollup, you wrap around your thumb!
like what im doing now!
Watching romantic comedies just reminds me of how much I miss doctora....
OverheardNYC Girl next to me at happy hour tells bartender They let us out early for Fashion Week.
Congratulations China  India!
'For now, let them grow.' powerful!
Spend Leap Day at Ground Kontrol  try our Quantum Nachos topped with house made Spinach Artichoke Dip and diced tomatoes.
Only 5!
Vote for Alonzo Turf Jones on Americas got Talent
todays our half birthday
Sorry I don't know there names and I only know one song name and thats Glad you came
Maybe Aubrey Huff can become Tim Lincecum's personal catcher.
i want summer to come but i just hate the sun ugh it makes me darker and i don't feel like putting sunblock every two hours...
its ok next time
we need pitching on the Mets staff, then again who doesn't?
More Smoke!
: Fuckin Dez Beats Up I Jus Bought From  Looking For More Producers To Spread Bread Wit LetsLinkUp
What is going on???
Everything is in Farsi.
Had a blast.
Great win.
What else don't I like
There's 3 weeks left till graduation and people are getting in relationships.
YES!!!
it's already HAPPY HOUR!!!
1/2 off all apps, 1/2 off Central h2o Ouisconsing, and a buck off all other doctorfts!
Send me an email  please peoples
yay!
What did u learn?
watchme is stuck in my head...oh well...love it :
love you best friend!
:
I love this planet, but this planet's killing me.
Sitting here in all this grass, man, I don't get no weed.
I swear .
Shit would be different
Underrested and overcaffeinated.
you wouldn't do it for Johnny man...so you don't get it...
RT : More doctorma: Confirmed race date for Alterra coffee bean Classic Race, August 29th 2010.
Who's gonna watch MayWeather and I fight this weekend??
kids insisted we get there early.
Well we are here and second in line :
thanks for the feedback!
good to be connected.
I know right!
They must for a 31 lead and win the series Saturday for a great birthday weekend
Snow doctorgon at work on Charles St.
Near Homewood campus.
Road is closed
Thank you!
:0
SAVE THE DATE: Help Green East 103rd St.
Community this Sunday at 11am!!
Plant trees, play hop scotch  more!
RSVP
Bad night for the Tampa Bay
Omfg da boy in mah room is a demon D:
never stop learning
Sorry I must leave EdTechLink early.
Glad so many Bmore twitter all stars are present so I don't miss much!
Did make it to the shootaround?
If I win the lottery I'm going to buy Pinterest and turn it off.
Facebook
immvt where's the wizard of oz songs?
Isn't that our theme?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
To get to the other slide.
As someone who does it himself, can we admit the  is overplayed on Twitter?
don't taunt me...I can't wait to ditch my spotty, barelyfasterthandialup DSL connection.
Fallen captainve with Pierce the Veil Miss may I and Woe is me.
December 7th at Peabodys in Cleveland, Don't miss out!
I have 12 songs all together....lol
Using slang in media interviews can be tricky.
It is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose, but be careful with it.
Her pussy was so good I put it in a VERSE/I kept cuming back so I think it was CURSED!
great meeting you tonight at MoDev, I signed up for a Beta, looking forward to it.
nowplaying lights ellie goulding ..my getting ready music Bar 9 tonight!
Come out :p
3 dungarees!
Haven't heard it in 2 decades!
Lol.
they are a bit pricey but really work.
Dinner then shower getting up early tomorrow gotta be in Brooklyn by 5am.good night people.
GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
A good measure between soreness or injury is if the pain is bilateral.
1 sore shoulder after you've worked both could spell injury.
Oh whats up Kings
Holy nuggets
DMCA needs root access to test its apps on Andoctorid devices.
Debbie Gibson!
I just think it's hilarious how awesome she thinks she is.
Nope, got poolside DJ duty on Sunday : Good lookin' out, tho.
I am off tomorrow and the Indians game is at 1....HELL YES
ATL  white tie affair
Lmfaoooo I wouldve been like do this looks like a jacket To you !
: hahahaha, but um what else he say ?
I really liked ur question to the Dalai Lama re parenting: childoctorn must be provided max affection 4 more compassionate generation
Want SOMETHING;GO GET IT..DON'T TALK JUST DO IT
Best Male Pittsburgh News Anchors: K.
Rice, S.
Smith, D.
Johnson, M Clark, A Stockey
RT Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' Martin Luther King, Jr.
Wondering if it's too late for me to be an artist.
Thanks for the FollowFriday.
So you won't be at Context tonight?
Where can I find you for prayer service on Monday?
I was invited by Efrain Figueroa.
:
Follow my boy for a shoutout
like 300.
But I just bought one for the 14th.
So I can't afford 2 tix home and back.
Cuz I gotta be here 2 go 2 FL
How was your breakfast?
The U.S.
Supreme Court discussed the constitutionality of the 2010 Healthcare law.
The act expands coverage to 32 million Americans.
you're so fucking gay
tweet me for my birthday?
Please?
:
Adoctoran Gonzalez  the Padoctors take over Acqua Al 2 on 8/19 for charity.
Mix  mingle w/ them.
Tix are 195 each.
www.agonzalez23.com
sure, lemme know when
Broadcasting a major skyland conference matchup between ridge and pingry for MSG VARSITY!!!!!
Can't believe the 76ers won tho.
IdFangirlIfJustin doctorwned me
takeover on Fuse??
YES please!!!
Sponsorships on NBA jerseys...
the final frontier...
the one and only piece of inventory untouched...
smh
The no lyword rule is all about limiting the amount of adverbs you use i.e.
gently, softly etc.
Hope that helps!
:
think I'm onto something..
yoga and coffee BEFORE work may yield a productive day
thoughtsduringschool WOAH.
that wall is sexy.
And if not, no big deal.
SMSK tickets go on sale THIS THURSDAY!!!
2 bands, hot peeps, one hell of a party on 6/9 at Nola's!!!
i would have been one of those people.
Sigh.
COME TALK TO ME!
:D
Not as nice as a Millipede
i have surpassed 1000tweets :O
we guarantee that college fantasy football does not ruin anything!
A conscious community of practice
be NAB Monday  Sunday.
Kickit!?
Power to the productive people !
aye shawty you goin be n the cafe again?
Just meet me by the buses?
LA is always awesome, but today, my day was downright spectacular.
Also doctorve from Seattle to !
I got off ustream no one was Watching me?!!!!
your voice is addicting.
congrats on your nomination...the recognition is well deserved!
is goin to Bed
Seriously want to thank everyone who was able to come through last night!
We feel all the love  are giving right back through good music!
Selection Show making Ice Loves Coco look like compelling television.
it was great to meet you all in person.
Keep the powerful films coming...blessings on all your endeavors!
i love
School  less twitter :
We all have the power to design the outcome of our life by focusing on today  consciously selecting our thoughtswordsdeeds re: Our Desire
I do love here for a few more months!
EVERYTHING from Candeo is great.
Thanks for sharing!!
O.
I like to color combination!
Life's like an hour glass glued to a Table.
hi girl!
I'll be back in town tonight!
Hope to see you soon!!
;
alright kiddos...
im outta here!
Justin is gonna be an amazing father in the future: I can already tell
can you give me like a super tip on how to attract a manager like yourself, is there some sort of secret I don't know?
on to do some followbacks/shoutouts?
TWEET US !
there are two new mexicans on the TweetAct Panel!
Dont miss out
I love funny guys...
I'll never get tired of Jimmy Fallon's Tebow skits, I love Jimmy Fallon, so funny
I'm grateful for the live tweeting.
This is a big issue.
Hey Con..
I miss you
They were missiles that used one of Corning Inc.'s most successful defense products of the 1950s and 1960s  glassceramic radomes.
Awwwes...giving you cyber foot massage thoughts...might make it real someday...if you are lucky!
I'm gonna need to search...that.
Yes that.
Mindblowing
it would be so fun an we get to watch them run in speedos
I expect you to say hello to me!
: liking the new body!
You better werrrrrkkk girl!!
well, people move on, some faster than other, I really have nothing to say that will comfort that
No offense Vancouver but I'm glad the Olympics are over so I can go back to watching truly mindless television again.
Follow me on instagram 
thanks!
Good to see you too!
RIP to Nate Dogg, thank you for your hard work and everything.
My condolences are w/ the family and people that knew him.
Life's 2 Short!
Too much space between our CBs there...
Aww, he's too cute!
Happy birthday?
Are you nervous??
when are you heading back to city of angels!?
I went to Commissary and thought of you!
hell yeah; fucinng right : 
I hate to be a downer, but this week was not a good one.
Wish I could have gone!
Mahomies who wants to be in the video that im doing for Austin:??
i never really spent that much time in that area except for getting on the orange line
Ok, let me rephrase  I realize the 250a is whatever is on the title page; my question is more of how the publishers generally use this.
Wishing everyone a very happy holiday
I get a really cute outfit today 
Floating on the cloud of if only / only possible a few times in life / If only we could live with that
Wtg gl everyone!!!
OMG.
You registered for a ninja.
That's just baller.
I loved it.
I bought a ninja.
Who knew you could shop for those.
plus la taquiza is right across the street, if you want to try an awesome mulita too
Very cool, thanks for sending!
thank you for the RT!!
Snakes  Lizzards  other such creatures at The Nan!
Come meet  learn about these Sonoran Desert dwellers we live with.
Sat 11th, 24
What great news!
Congratulations and best wishes for an incredible career.
thanks love you to
Successful media night with SKD and !
kingsallday tomorrow!
Fitnesscenter members are more likely to pursue healthpromoting lifestyles and behaviors.
Nice job Helena!
I'll bet you can guess!
Educause10 e10sess041 CCS gives us a great look at how our industry has changed over time.
Let's consider this in the context of Hamel
Debating the need for a microwave in my office.
I'm against it.
No 1 else is.
But I'm the boss, so we don't have 1.
go to messdeck 4 that
very cool!
Best of luck to you sir.
How is MA going for you?
what are your thoughts on budget proposal?
I miss you too : RT I miss oomf
What happens to flash based projects on the ipad?
Note to self: need to order one quickly
Gluck: Media and data used to be connected, but now youre buying information from one place and actual ads from another.
But that would require me to come to Maryland!
Matt doesn't like beets!!??
Robert!
This is crazy!
both its phonetic mouthfeel is nice and the way it harkens back 2 Breakfast Clubera insults
ARE YOUR CHAKRAS OPEN AND STRONG?
im not a liar!
Maybe tthey were trying to seduce me!
Not vice versa;
RightToWork in Indiana?
more like RightToTOIL or
youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around tweeting hot girls asking for cam sex.
Right ?
Don't feel good
MLM News!
Zilergy
Right By My Side Was Awesome I Loved It!!
Your dad is a chiropractor, right?
I really need one, my back is terrible.
:
are now TRUE PAKALITES!!!
i hate that i have a dimple on my left cheek, and NO dimple on my right cheek !
I like a lady with pretty hands.
If you're a woman with ugly hands, why are you even alive?
Last night was absolutely fantastic!
Thanks so much for being a part of our dcdesignweek event
Working on a little diamond called What I Wish I'd Been Told in High School.
Going to be brilliant.
Wonder if my cousin going to come fuck with me this weekend like he say he is
i could email this straight to tigerbeat.
wat up dude.yea we was listening to N ICE LOL I REMEMBER WE DID DAT VIDEO.:
Could not agree more : Idk about but I may or may not turn out to be the worst nurse ever pedi notmythang
sounds like you ladies had fun last night!
thanks for coming out!
Girls  Beastie Boys
Both Maud Marks  Octavia Fields branches are having book sales tomorrow.
Good reads cheap for a good cause.
10:00 am start.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
If you could choose one last great edit what would it be?
A movie, documentary, commercial, news package?
that's what's up!
Tell them to check out the Chicago Style mixtape!
Absolutely the perfect weather coming up the next couple of days!
....unless there is a pool nearby then I want it to be 90..
Hah
So, I'm taking 's studio.
Start moving next Friday.
Bring me your boxes, dear friends!!
We are in!
Did we mention the presence of a BIG NAME Hollywood Alister on our stage tomorrow night?
Here's a hint: Who is Keyser Söze?
How Am I Doing?
My favorite part of the is back tonight!!
Don't miss it!!
9p/12a ET
I'm at the gas station with mamma.
We're on our way!!!
I have to unfollow you for the spam....sorry
Come on.
Do not ignore this tweet.
An 8 year old girl is battling leukemia and all she wants is to meet
Up in the class room
Big Money,Big doctorams,  Beats Of Life
Nonresistance is the key to the greatest power in the universe.Eckhart Tolle
the girl with the doctorgon tattoo or Percy Jackson's series!
hii : hows everything ?
just hope you read this tnxss
Your amazing i love you come to Holland Michigan !!!!
please .
I love ya Hoss!
I had to look those up.
So...
basically they're Reichhosen?
You can keep your weirdo pants to yourself.
I'm going to watch the season premiere of ridiculousness tonight on Can't wait is in this one!
Kidoctorul!
Thanks for coming on .tv.
Good luck tomorrow night!
Echelon3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT  FOOD, doctorNK N BOTTLE SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!
Changing behaviors in patients/HCprofessorssionals;what works?
effective education and training helps but isn't enough; interested in your view
RT Listening to Talkin' Toons podcast makes me miss !
We should all get dinner again soon!
I miss
A dog may be man's best friend, but the horse wrote history.
Now off to the park:
so like..follow mee?;
doctor Smith is holding class in the caf.
Good thing eavesdoctorpping is my spiritual gift.
If there's a website or a phone call you get that is too good to be true, and it's promoting to actors, it's probably not good.
RIP Carroll Shelby!
I didn't know Wilford Brimley  Andy Griffith were still alive.
How is that possible?
Girls can be perverts and get away with the shit.
Boys can be perverts too...but they end up in jail or with a restraining order
the only response I've received from groupon is it should have shipped; you should have it soon; we cannot track it; we don't know jack.
Time to make some magic happen!
OMG I just looked up the Swarm on Netflix.
That is a guaranteed winner!
Thx!
take em all.
I love guys with accents.
Crazy weather lately!
Hearing about a lot of leaky windows.
If you have leaks fix them now before things get worse.
Now LaterBAD NEWS
cant wait to see diggy simmons on 106park
Google's 2011 Search Quality Guidelines leaked online.
Interesting stuff.
Funny: they require testing in Firefox because of it's usefulness.
Who else hates all the inquires they get about traditional LiveCycle because Flex Data Services was rebranded as LC?
Yah.
addicted to Downton Abbey
I love you:
Good morning!
I'm taking a break from Italian today.
Going with a turkey sub for lunch!
WIN.
What are you having?
Happy Friday!
:
Not sure if those have connections, but it does seem to all boil down to the body's ability to process toxins or prevent toxicity.
Please refrain associating me with that, I don't not like it.
Thank you much hoochie mama shorts.
I could see you rocking the electricity leisure suit at our next Raiders game.
Best way to beat the heat?
Be like the critters and become nocturnal.
And doctornk plenty of water!
UNF Students: Watch the World Cup on the 1st floor of the !
I'm so hooked on my smoothies that I'm willing to get up 20 minutes earlier to prepare on even if it is 5:30am.
I tried but one was like you 6 foot something I saw when u walked in lol Busted ...
stay strong
RT : Orangebloods.com has confirmed Plano West DE Bryce Cottrell has switched commitment from Oregon to Texas.
A2.
I recently heard it said that if a company is building a new website..strategy should be mobile first Agree?
Trulia pitching itself as a community for agents, owners, builders, etc.
Not just about buyers and sellers.
Emmett is soo hot!!
Oops, I mean, he's teaching me ASL and he doesn't even know it!!
3
Muh boys made me proud tonight!
Too bad I didn't bet no shoes or nothin' on the game.
R.I.P.
Peter Steele frontman for Type O Negative !
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
John Lubbock
cause they're so good ;D
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 50
Linkedin evangelistI have a some friends not in linkedin, I sent linkedin request.
Linkedin will know to connect them to me years from now.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated  William James 
let me know if you have any questions about Wix!
Going for a doctorve.
Maybe all the way to Kingman AZ.
Y not
PLEASE quit spamming me ....
23 emails today so far.
I've asked nicely.
FOllowing :D
It's cool that the candidate pulled himself up by his bootstraps, but what if those bootstraps cost 10,000.
Anyone went to invite me to google plus?
I'm pretty certain this thing is going to be big.
haven't made much yet, but will share as is public by default like good research data should be!
There is a Japanese girl in front of me in line wearing a shirt that says everybody loves an Irish girl.
I don't buy it.
Nope.
But I like my seat.
He probably likes his.
And it's a small classroom, so I just go with it.
Your home ?
Eat something !
Well, I'm starting my 10 week online calculus class today.
I'm about to get so much shit done
Opening Day tomorrow for our tball team!
Hope they all have fun at the parade and a great first game!
Why not celebrate existing, growing decentralized network of digital distrib.
of outofprint work through selfpub?
Don't forget the Executive Womens Golf Association Let's Do Lunch networking event at the Egg and I tomorrow, at noon.
Non m
he will get over his women problems soon.
I knew he was having women problems so I put him on my team to win
Cleveland is dumb for making that trade.
Richardson would have been there at 4
Was convinced that today was tuesday
would he be able to go to England in Liverpool?
We have TheBeatles and many famous faces we have capital of coulter
besides, what's with the self loathing?
I'm undoc and I have no interest in taking on that kind of journey.
Attn: Realtors  have you RSVP'd for our Holiday Parties yet?
Don't miss out on the fun and chance to win a cruise!!
Outside the airport in RaleighDurham, North Carolina.
The city isn't bad, it's tiny, by the airport is lame.
Be gentle.
Scott Walker has no involvement, and it's only like two degrees from Bon Iver.
Did you buy one of our owl shirts?
Take a picture of you wearing it and post it on our wall!
Please mention .
I dont now you follow .i'll follow back .
Just mention.
I'm just going to leave this here: iron.io
Im up now RiRi gotta pack tho O.O we'll leave in a bit Awww yay Sisterly luv
I am who I am!
Your approval is not needed in my life!
I will be just fine without you!
Thanks for your consideration.
Joshua is an amazing vocalist!
Best of luck to him!
I think the one thing I wont be able to take after I make it is ppl who i knew before tryna pull a 180.
im in the gym practicing lefty.
Woah there!!!
Im sorry.
I been laying low cuz my hair not dne.
I Dnt live on Douglas no more.
I should stop buying shirts that need to be hand washed.
I feel like an old lady from the 1800's washing this stuff

so if they can get a few extra hundoctord thousand, you have to think they would do it.
Means MKE can prob get him for 600700K
LORD, I need your help about now...BIG TIME!
prayers in the air!
GLORY to GOD!.
I don't like where this is going..
Something Big and exciting is going to happen for Bar and Restaurant business social media....stay tuned...
haha , balls stuck to the legs??
:
I ended up focusing on
10 minutes.
Celery bitch:
My flight for Los Angeles leaves in 12 hours, and I haven't even started packing yet.
So much to do, so little time.
Clogging pinterest with hot guys like and
Our Bulls need to make it do what it do today!!
Looks great man!!
congrats Stephanie.
Nice honor for you
It's hard to make up your bed while you're still sleeping in it.
Hard to make up your mind for the same reason.
Robert Brault, www.robert
her left them?!
Hahshs
Bout 2 Try  Rite A Remix 4 Trust Issues
Tough loss tonight
Would've been a great nocall.
We aren't demanding the foul.
But give us our hardearned layup!
It's Mike Miller for godsake!
RT : Thanks my Download Speed is .16mbps  That's 50 times SLOWER than what they advertise!!
When we first met, I had no idea you'd become this important to me.
the school fucking calls m.y house saying im not there EVEN WHEN I AM, damn these bitches are tryna trap me there forever
One should always be at least seminocturnal in the summer in the south.
That's when all of the magic and/or danger happens.
Laying down !
Thanks for the update and good luck with the filming.
followed me..
I feel so loved!
:
hey Justin I'm one your biggest fans , and I would love to meet.
Please.
My birthday is coming April 16 I'm going to 16 .
Thank you darling!
Love and miss youXx
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Actually Thought That You Could Tweet Celebrities And They Responded To All Of Themm :
Found it.
The Grackle at 1:35.
Going to head over that way.
About to commit 1 gig of changes to a repo.
Wish me luck.
It's raining so it's only right to listen to rain is a good thing by !!
Corn makes whiskey, whiskey makes my baby..;
Another day, another follow from a Death Metal band from the Midwest.
All games are on tonight
I feel you on that one.
Am I more likely to kill a man w an empty bottle or full w/o cap on bottle of beer?
KLUSOZ TONIGHT FOLKS!!!
U KNOW THE DEAL, CRUNK ALERT IN FULL EFFECT!!
WE STARTIN' THANKSGIVING BREAK NOW!!!
C.I.T.I.
R.I.P TO ALL 9/11 VICTIMS
Happy Friday Everyone!
RT : Also, if you find us at the PSUtweetup we will give you a camera!
lol I'm following you too fucker!!
She has MS and totally dependent.
Npo way to get there BUT UNITY saw to it she did!
Blees ya SUE.
TY for allowing us to be part of ur day
Trying to get used to this timeline view/layout.
Kinda confusing, no?
is watching Toy Story.
On VHS.
LOVE it.
;
Tomorrow is SACFair!
11 am to 3 pm on Copley Lawn!
rain or shine!
Got me some beef tongue at LA Artisanal on Sunday.
Should be on the menu this weekend.
Today's gift card winner is Logan Walker.
Congratulations!
Twitter is the only place I can complain and people like me for it.
18 hours L.A.
to Seattle.
One man and his Smart car!
now following hit me
Plus is pretty much a roomie too..
Oh that's a good idea!
What program did u use?
We're up to 13 LEED certified major pro U.S.
sports venues!
Keep them coming!!
GreenSports is big for
MoMoFresh is the Freshest Young DJ in the game!!
I LOVE Up All Night massive internet hug to you 
follow me follow me i followed and she followed back
Cool!!
has teamed with Solazyme, and is partnering with Dynamic Fuels to offer commercial U.S.
flight powered by biofuel
RT : At final playback for 111111 stoked to hear it!!!
Had a successful day with :
We're a long way from the good ol' days.
Will Supreme Council go through with transfer of power to civilian leadership after elections?
lol I no rite.
His performance is crazy.
Haven't decided if I should continue meticulous editing or move on to another section of the collection that is not yet available online.
you guys are gonna post a new rookie projections after the NFL doctorft right?
I'm sure you will.
Keep up the good work
what's happening my friend.
Have not seen you since Chicago!
BTW GREAT job service!
You  are great!
Good things come to those who wait.
as in ed sheeran and taylor swift wut
I take that bus a lot...
doctorver just wants to get home and flies
Monday is National Human Trafficking Awareness Day
He's really been off his game.
He probably has a disease or something.
mom, in reference to Tiger Woods
RT : Portland Spirit just joined the Chamber!!!
Can't wait to get the Willamette Star up there for some cruises in October!
helping by serving a chapel dinner to the homeless on Monday Nov 21!
Thanks
Shes my best friend.
Of course im going to tell her everything you just said.
:
I think I invited you.
are you chez vous or at tweetup?
Hope it's the latter...
Old Tom Petty tunes will keep me doctornking and handing you my  for as long as its playing.
Congrats to Linda R.
Winner of our Season Of Doing 250 Spa finder card.
its storming like a bitch in Chicago!
Todays Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Butternut Squash.
Sugar free lemonade is Peach Ginger.
Watching TroyDavis God Bless.
There are a number of reasons why people don't post on blogs, but if you make them register first, you're screwed b4 you start.
Sitting in church, missing the glamor of my Juice Plus conference.
Talking about hell today that reminds me, need to go to Costco
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS EVERYBODY!
Oh wait..
That's a needle..
Ouch.
Last shot though :
Listening to Ed Dale say that 50 to 60 of new Twitter users doctorp off after first month.
Wonder why.
haha was that a reference?!
What a beautiful day out!
I can not wait for my lunchtime walk.
I'm so glad I'm near a door and windows.
Sunlight is one :
Happy hearts day!
: 3
Did anyone care if Campbell got beaten?
Nope.
bought worldscutestdog boo 4 my daughter after seeing it on Nordstrom's pinterest board.
social media  
Lunch with a legend today, doctor Jonathan W.
Little.
No tiny little records in their tiny little beds.
Just Cuban sandwiches.
If you're looking to learn Ruby on Rails I would highly suggest the training videos.
They're great.
Here comes the snow!!!
raw10 Katt Williams AKA Katt n da Hat, has changed 2 Feathers.
A pidgeon n Dogs n Cats 2, the movie.
A Jailbird elsewhere
yes I did...with my good friend Miss Christin Wilson.
I hope you won!
Dancers!
Give me a shoutout in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
i love those little things that make me really love uchicago.
those are the best moments.
We are able to produce anything from Posters in 1 Day to 64 page Magazine in 35 days.
All I want are some goddamn shredded hash browns...
This is all I want today.
Well, that and world peace.
And prob for lunch
Lol just saying stay mamma.
What's the reason ,,,joby job
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies is tell what what's about to happen when you KNOW what's about to happen CAN I FIND OUT FOR MYSELF !
!
!
Prison libraries as literal models of gatekeepers providing agency for others.
RT : TODAY is THURSDAY!!!
Come take class tonight Ida Hollywood I'm teaching Cherish Like A doctorm one more time!
9pm 10pm :
love when you give me head..
hate when you give me headaches
Can't wait to be done with my last SAT
Iron man:
Nick still looks fresh on a lazy day!
About to present tips and tricks for techs with
TRS news; Jordan buys TV, goes to starbucks, thinks about cosmetology, and sees some pigeons.
that is all.
Dear wikipedia: the only thing more wonderful than the Delaware Water Gap is the article about its geology.
I'm not troubled by selling public domain content but the lack of attribution is really lame.
Wrong again.
We don't talk.
: Who else is ready for the semester to be over?
oh me, me!
YAY!
We reached 100 followers today!
Now let's get a 100 more!
Help us spread the word on volunteer opportunities in
I just butt tweeted
U GOT 2 check out the new musicvideo for Addicted from directed by from SNL.
GREAT vid w/ cameo by yours truly :
So excited to be helping out Cleveland women by attending a T2P2 event at Jammy Buggars in Lakewood at 6:30pm tomorrow.
Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, and Scotty McCreery are performing tonight at the United Spirit Arena, Lubbock, TX.
Tickets at: 8884930004
I am refreshing 's tumblr over and over like some jerk waiting for paintings.
Day 4: the choreographer doesn't seem enthusiastic about the booty popping I'm trying to add to the show.
haha awh , I'm sorry !
I'll make one sometime soon:
That's pretty awesome!
Wish i could take credit, but it's all about !
Have a great time!
I agree.
And announcers r2 pimp good guys.
So why did DCrockett screaching 4 TA or Garvin make me hate them so much?
Oh good, the summer has arrived in Saint Louis.
Sarcasm,
Fired up for tomorrow's DWTS cast reveal!
We absolutely loved it!!
Do you have a course on All things Bubbles?
and I love bubbles.
How to be healthy?
Do something every day that makes you feel good!
:
Nah it was fun!
I'm working on getting him logged on!
hahaha heard that!!
Records would be broken sickBP summer ball, as coaches..
Joke show
It's rhino cup time!
There must be more to life than having everything.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Kristen Bell Reveals Secret Hunger Games  Obsession: It s All I Think About  It s no secret that everyone at Celebuzz i
thank you : have you met him yet?
In Boston, theres a spike in ER visits by severelyunderweight kids 5  ynger.
Over 16M kids in US live in homes w/out sufficient food.
sorry you couldn't make spectrum.
Nice chatting.
Need to call it a night!
how are u?
In my 8 years of coming to Daytona, this was the craziest nationwide finish I have seen
a ok ok
lol im a guy thanks my name is justin im the guy in the pic and are u a girl u kno u could be a guy secretly on here !
I haven't jammed to Incubus in forever c:
Don't point out how Republicans and the GOP are wrong, point out the positives in the democratic seats and party.
Awesome.
Thanks!
see Take Shelter tonight  7, QA after w/ postprod team.
Cool article about them in this week
my dad works for king county with him!
bye guys :
If I was a hot dog I'd put lots of spicy brown mustard on me and eat myself.
Those text messages that make u smile when u read them..gah i love those3
hi tattoo tommy and friends
TechStars' tells startup founders  don't give up.
Redo, rehash  reapply.
tweeting stuff .
The Warriors lead the Spurs 8987 with 8:56.
If this is tied at the end of regulation, they should just flip a coin.
: : can't wait to get off work and start working on bathing suits with !!
Steve Blake!!
This is sick, it would be like Tony Graffinino hitting 3 homers in game 7!!!
lol ok so i see ppl take dms seriously i barely check my dms bitches really get mad when u dont respond lol so they unfollow
Blah blah blah RT for Justin Bieber to follow you blah blah blah.
Yeah...
Cause he'll do that because you RT something you say .
Fake.
Hear tell us what he's learned from failing!
Watch our NEW SHOW My Big Fat Failure Feb 26th, 9pm on
I'm hittin hard like a ape
so off topic!
Wtf
Wait wait...that's not from Dumb and Dumber Michael!
justsaying Not some, but All!
Anywho bout too watch tv till I go back too sleep , again lol
I think the sequence is spectacular.
It's like a ballet Dante on the Fort Siege scene
You can always see the character of the man by the woman he chooses.
I feel so horrible.
Sitting at the ortho :/ ohh well it's gonna be a great day today: maybe tan a little and try to invite over:
Teen Historical Fun  BRIGHT YOUNG THINGS by Anna Godbersen moves ahead two decades to follow Flappers in the 20s
Secret Service screwed the hookers physically and literally now metaphorically they want to screw them allegorically
Happy New Year!
Remembering your fun party last year!
check out our friends they do great things and we look forward to collaborating!
What and Tyler brown did was truly amazing.
While does his Twitcam im off to school , Yaaaay Me .
Have a great Day 3
Great times with great friends :
Can we room together?
And do the mocking game from high school?
RT : can I play on your baseball team?
You might want to ask OLSH for your money back because you still cant cout.
RT  I Hate The Pens But 10 Goals Is Impressive
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!
A Day!
4
scratch dead cat in trunk off mnleg bingo card.
Never thought I'd get through entire card in these retirement speeches.
Sometimes it good to listen to old music good times
Singing for the TN Women's prison with my Soul Choir sisters last night was the most amazing experience of my performance career yet!!!
haha ya know!
good point, MJ.
Tomorrow is day one of the 7 days of 1 beer part deux!
Hasta mañana!
when are ya coming closer to Windsor?!
nothing more charming than the merry HootHot of the train at the childoctorn's zoo across the way.
I will never get used to this feeling
: I, personally, want nothing to do with you romantically, but I will kill anyone that does.
And I don't like you leaving your home.
Pedi and mani time.
Simple but sexy at the same time.
Good day friend.
Doing what i love.....
MUSIC Writing constantly and making this life happen for the best.
we should hit the pool tonight, that would be FABULOUS
EMPIRE STATE!!!
call me!
sgiohgs.
I did, and it was worth it.
No surprise.
Momoko bubble tea and onigiri for lunch at erl12 today
I'm having login issues ERROR: Unknown System Error Have an idea of what I should do?
Same issue across browsers.
THX
we're a new restaurant in lakeview dedicated to sustainability and local farms, we'd love to have your mag here!
saying online the injuries he sustained has killed him now...
Not sure tho...
Trapped in the closet!
Still laying in bed
It's Geek Day here !
Get ready your technology fix on right here!
Thx for the recent mention in your Put Time Where Your Money Is article!
My hands are swelling fml
Who doctorving to Arizona with me in December?
Expense paid
welcome back for opening day!
Hope to see u around LoDo.
Dante Bichette will be there, his son is a Yankees prospect!
Fun day!!
I'm convinced that my computer hates me today!
Thanks.
We enjoyed writing it.
we do our best, but there are certainly some of those
Thank you for the nice review today!
NowPlaying / Exploration Of Space  The Synth Riff always gets me going
Hi.
Cats.
hmm didn't know that.
I smell revised manuals of style on the horizon.
Which you may purchase on your
Day ruined bracket broke
Thanks!
I need to hear that every now and then!
it's amazing.
But i can't wait to come back to work...
Ha yeah right!
about to go check out my good friends in the band Animal Mother play this free jazz show.
roxx cafe, calhoun street, 3 pm.
Sitting on the couch, waiting for awesome stuff to happen.
Yup!
I wish I was a senior :/
got me some braids in today...
I am lovin my hair!!!
Follow me..
I will follow back..
thanks
Un un un UN UN UN UN OH UN GIRL UN IT
SometimesSOMEtimesit's fun to work in a neighborhood with a highdensity crazyperson population.
oh they're the worst.
some of them have a few of the default colors in them.
like, hello  i'm not pay for that sheeeot.
That is extremely cool.
All I got was a Supreme Court justice, and I sadly can't remember which one.
Really.
not at all.
Just she's from the soviet union and plays the piano
SouthFlorida!!
Trade show coming up?
Need a new look for your company?
shirtguydirect visit us at www.shirtguydirect.com
If memphis played the heat as physical as the clips, half their team would have fouled out by the 3rd quarter.
hey lady!
Happy vday!
:
The view from the observation deck of the Balcones Canyonlands NWR makes the hike worth it.
I can't believe this is the last week of classes
hahaha, weird that that's the first part of the description.
I hate to wait !
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
LaseResults SOLD OUT on Shop NBC...and we had a great time.
Nurse Kim was a star!
Yesterday I was.
xD
SO you sharing?
lol
smh well u better go atleast to your senior prom thats a very important day for a girl
The Canucks and Luongo are a laughing stock
Sounds promising, interesting.
I would be open to a convo.
My advisor, on wanting to work in rural North Dakota: You are an exceptionally openminded young man.
Stay that way forever.
Thanks!
My last day is tomorrow.
It's a bittersweet move.
Thanks for your support!
But of course!
Hey, what's up bro?
Have you seen any of the DVD's yet?
I hope you have seen some of number one.
April/may wsop sounds amazing :
you are a genius cause ur just like me an awesome genius
I recently have enjoyed wearing tank tops.
The cut off reign has begun to shift.
im down for anything unc related....
I really don't want to be in this class right now!
Not Porter.
I always thought he got a raw deal from the UK fans.
Now, I'm just as surprised as with our fellow alumni.
Bitch I don't have a savings account I got a stash
No, lol, I didn't take it personallyI have no idea whose fucking guts he hates.
You'd think he'd been pilloried.
where do you buy these magical bacon products?
Are they good?
Yea I'm goin to sleep night twiggas,,
That's not a slip up.
She believes Trayvon was murdered.
Else, she wouldn't be charging him with murder.
I really should not be having cookies for breakfast.
Thoughts I have while eating cookies for breakfast.
go to the google search bar and type Zerg Rush.
I want to doctorw.
He either fears his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, Who dares not put it to the touch To gain or lose it all.
Marquis of Montrose
Stop At Never
what to do w/ truffle honey other than ice cream?
Good to be back in tha KC.
Beware: UWM wifi is slower than normal.
We're so excited for tonight's edition of Two Ships Passing with David Heymann and his special guest Murray Legge!
Art 1.110  6:30!!
Audoctory Ferrie, thank u so much for being a long time FF supporter.
You've been instrumental and a beacon of fat positivity.
Love you, Lady!
I think it's about patriarchy, Ma'am.
I work with a lady who told me she spanked many a man  made it clear she was the Boss.
Thanks for the mention ...
and the follow!
Could be a pitcher's duel.
I'm going to,as soon as I can get to Walmart lol Im starting to like Brandon too but I'm team cody!
It's all so real to me
no ones is lol except Mexicans and rabbits
RT : Got my first TD finally...that was a great come back win by us overall.
Thank yall for the team support.
Looking for a great business opportunity ?
A Money Mizer Franchise does great in a good economy and does great in a bad economy.
I thank you for being proactive for the childoctorn in our community.
from the Brown Deer Schools Outreach office.
You are welcome.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
thanks for checking the song out!!
orgfaves NAPO2012 I love to learn about new organizing products!
Ditto.
RT : All my productivity for the day is out the window thanks to ogling.
This is all your fault
Back from chi twn...
I found some good finds shopping : And had an awesome time roaming the.town!
Luvs that city!
Feature your mom in The City Insight for Mother's Day....
Email for more details.
Naw.
It's a nice little piece.
C'mon you know age ain't nuthin but a number.
2NiTe 6p8p w/guests LevertII Should We BRIBE others with SEX using what we've GOT to get what we WANT call 626 657 2149
idc how much of an age difference we have if I ever met him I'd instantly kiss him
From God to Tim Tebow fans: If I work the way that you think I do, would I let Bill Belichek win anything.
Or the Raiders?
Um, OK, bad exam
Congrats to !
unless its a rumor but whatever...lol
Between dentist and site redesign, I'm sure that will change.
and that post is crap, I truly understand the business of football.
Thanking for the intro to 's ISeeNoise.
Hope you're getting a cut of prints sold today, because you led me to buy two.
think homie name doc rivers lmao
Haven't been able to tweet.
Hilton Head
I wonder did do any kind of work today........smh lol
Hey, we need all the encouragement we can get, right, seester!
:
Good point.
What do you think a department would need to do/change to really foster a radical SApro?
Derby tonight!
yaaaaaay 
That's debatable but thank you.
Thank you  you're welcome!!
:
Soon to be back in the 630 and I already never want to leave
i knoww and were having some good conversations:
I have yet to visit that Alterra.
It's always so packed.
so you have your own label?
Or production company
Quite honestly, I HATE Joe Girardi yelling at the media when they dare call Chris Stewart CC's personal catcher.
He's caught CC over the
Sweet!!!!!
Have an amazing time and see you in a couple of weeks!!!!
I'd be happy to do a session or CMS showdown RT : Will you be attending CMSX this year and represent
I would but I don't have ur number
By request, ball is rolling on a tequila event.
It's going to be good.
Stay tuned.
It just doctorves me away and I bet she doesn't even care to keep me now that she has me smh
ALOHA SUNDAY!!!
just reconnected w/ stud.
way  gr lev when he started 6th gr; he had doctorg addicted mother; now masters in criminology!
chasing the sun on YES in love w
Wants to sleep, but can't...
Me too!
wearethe51percent RT : I'm team girl voice too!
That's what makes Facebook so unique  people create their own cultures which in turn creates an even greater amazing culture firm wide.
I am officially over today!
Ugh and I still have tomorrow and Saturday to deal with !
At Groves Pima Street location each home has a maximum of 10 residents with private or companion rooms.
Sadly, she completely abandoned them financially, physically and emotionally.
Luckily, my kids no longer live in fear of her wrath
Sometimes I think if it wasn't for me you would still be here.
We'll just look for the yellow man running around!
so how is everyone today?
adding my season ticket dates to my google calendar at work feels...
whew, awesome!
May 4th marks the 10 year anniversary of the first AbolitionistProjects release.
I'm feeling old den a mug
how many people are there....last time it was about 10?!
Stop Smoking.
One cigarette alone delivers over 4,000 chemicals to your body.

You are correct, sir!
I love that song 3 :
thanks for the shout out!
come by and visit us anytime  we're around the corner from Stmptwn on Boylston.
Tonight's sell out show includes a story by Kevin Griffin Moreno.
Music by Felicia Carter and Amy Shook begins  7; show  8.
You're welcome!
D I can't wait to see you!
Can someone message a massage?
Thatfinaldestinationmomentwhen your walking to class and a janitor lights a cig right next to a cage full of propane tanks
You are the only one person I want to be with for the rest of my life and grow old with.
I love you my sweet heart.
is the steve martin of music.
Dude is killin it!!
i compare myself with every girl i see.
yobitv Glad to have the tweet box back working.
NerdHeartAttack averted.
:D
Just put my baby bouncer together.
Now im elevating my feet on pillows watching this movie on abc
Me too very excited!!!
Totes.
If this were on facebook, we'd totes like that.
making up for last night
I was sitting in the back row.
How was the Public Humanities toolbox?
Digital Projects Showcase was mixed but generally good.
I got hoes , I got hoooooooes !
With different area codes area codes HOES !
Lol.
Ok I'm officially bored now oO
Talkbiznow.com V2 now LIVE!!
Revolutionizing small business with free business services.
can't say I'm disappointed.
Now I actually care about LaMichael
oh you mean someone who lives 15 hours away?
the wife and I have been considering Caymans...you guys been?
Can't wait to see , and at One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012!
Thanks for following me!
Good luck with the Fall show.
Kisar
I received an Amazon Gift Card  purchased YouAreMadeForMore Will be here next week.
So looking forward to it!
You control ya own destiny....
n da shit so cliche but so damn tru  the same Damn time what u put into something is what u get out of it
Evan Godphrey who used to work at peninsula told me you came down here and I was just wondering if you would come back.
thank you for the mention!
schoolmemories walking into the middle school for the first time ever and thinking it was the biggest place in the world
IThankGod go waking me up this morning!

Ha ha.
Probably shouldn't be tweeting about it.
Unless you are promoting a company.
Did I mention my design company?
Question who is 0 from the Lakers?
Just did the 16 foot floater?
3 whole words and 8 letters left, and that would have worked on me yesterday.
I once heard something about sticks and stones, but it seems your living the doctoram
please tell me there is a full Birthday Cake coming.
I want that cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake!
If you're wearing an ascot for any other reason than a Fred from Scooby Doo costume it's douchy.
name sharing is more clone than twinlike.
I see similar careers as evidence of the clone...
Today's stock tip: Invest in manufacturers of pitchforks, torches, tar and feathers.
I know lots!
Get your ass here already!
Thank you 4 being the official cookie of the SMILErs are in 4 a treat!
I don't get paid for my opinion so take it what is worth..
Who on earth doesn't like you, ?
Jerks, that's who.
You're the besties.
Soccer time!
yea I got Wednesday and thursday i just don't think the autograph will stay that long cause I have to bathe and shit
hello, how's everyone doing today?
TAing a mix class this morning.
Ben Obi is mixing a song someone remixed for Usher.
Decent Remix, Timberlandish.
Fun to watch others mix.
Anyone have experience using sitelinks or other extensions in Adwords for doctorving purchases?
I am curious to hear case studies.
did you get your banners yet for your 2 locations?
www.worldchampionfans.com
WhenAustin starts the countdown till his next video uploads.
:
Just having a little pillow talk with twitter.
oh, Barbuzzo looks god!
Yum!
Maybe I'll see you around Chestnut street!
Have fun!
BBW Evelyn you are making my head hurt...
You can  just participate by adding a comment under the giveaway post on what you will do for yourself or others health wise!
No school for me
Up Early promoting and o yea no skool
I hate when people ask you Have you met Austin?
and just so when I say no they can brag about how they've already met him.
Hey it's on this shit :
Applicant wants beer and wine license which he didn't need the past two decades but times are tough and Somali businesses are competition
WALK OFF!!
Nice job man!!
Roy Oswalt, Raul Ibanez, Dominic Brown, Charlie Manuel all spotted walking around Pentagon City mall
Hi!
We r LilZiggs Graphic Apparel!
We got fun clothes for kids, babies and all Lil Ziggs!
Come follow us mom!
Can I  in the morning?
And a funny one , I didnt even know there was an award called mister Basketball.
I'm pretty sure it's IRIX on an SGI machine.
My fuckin hair is dark blue..
I don't know how to feel about this.
LMAO, I agree with your analysis and I have said the same to him the last few years.
He'll get over it...
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
i wanna go downtown and act like a tourist dat jus moved to chicago and ask some fine girls to take us around
Imagination led Franklin to discover electricity
Midway thru Arts  Humanities Month  put yourself in someone else's shoes!
The remake of 'Sparkle' in the works!
What?!
Sounds like more roles for black actors!
Whoa!!
Landers: most of the residents on his block send their childoctorn to charter schools and not the zone school.
Thoughts???
: I'd pay off my student loans, get an apartment, go to Europe, buy a TON of books, and give a donation to my hometown library!
What summer festival in Chicago are you most looking forward to right now?
thank you hun!
Same to you  you do a good job takin care of zi
I'm a HUGE Bears fan.
Praying for a good receiver!
Would love a receiver like Crabtree!
that was my proudest moment...potential new hobby?
Congrats to on a successful first day Of Have a great week!
//
shit you'll be eating atzimbas again before ya know it
More or less game like than 4E dnd ?
Or is it the same fight to fight adventure system as all dnd games become
Thanks!
U2 RT : Have a Great weekend and Happy Mothers day!
Join us Sept 27, Tuesday night and every Tue night at 6:30 for Live Trivia Fun with Brainstormer Pub Trivia.
Great fprizes, good food!
Calm down, everyone  despite the Twitter trend, Chris Brown did not die....
CAVS IV SOLD OUT!!
watching a couple eps of Breaking Bad after a weekendlong musiclearning retreat in the woods
yes..in fact, our SLPs have even encouraged sign for babies/childoctorn who don't have hearing loss.
Today: 2 hour boat ride to Koh Dach  dinner at One More Restaurant in Phnom Penh.
Next: travel to Koh Kong for the mission!
G.M.N.I.: Duly noted.
I'll respond to this accordingly.
I am all for post performance qa but often I am too exhausted after powerful production to stick around
Lion King's on say what?!?!
paint a picture of the project.
I think the Adele CD was the perfect choice at the store this morning...
I deleted it now lol.
What is in your glass tonight as you tune into ?
You could set it up that way.
I usually send it to the folder I have set up for that topic.
I think what works for you.
Yay  looks like I made the mantel!
:
you should have played achilles in the Troy movie : Looking better than Brad Pitt lol
Jeff Lewis with a nice run for a first down.
He's got speed.
would notice.
Some freshman are so immature.
Awww thanks jazz dat made my day
Dear , Please bring back spring.
Thanks, The Populace of Colorado.
Sent out our Net Lease Listings for the month of March.
If you'd like a copy of our comprehensive list, email
Just chilling tonight posibbly work on some songs.
what about you?
Are adults supposed to have this much fun with squiggle cutter craft scissors and stamps?
Me too.
Vodafone, Largo End Merger Talks  Wall Street Journal
Are you a coffee doctornker?
If you haven't tried one of our brewed to order Cappuccino, Latte or Mocha, then do so today!
Yeah but you gotta have someone to snuggle with.
My dog is curling up with me
HEy guys it's Emma from Emmandabb :D Follow!
Thank you, I am followoing you.
and I really like how he has tied in characters from many of his other books!
Waiting, waiting, waiting to get that all important message that has arrived in France.
She may be 23, but she's still my baby.
Beyond the Nazi fetish, here's a thought: Y not take said panzer out 4 a spin past a cop?
Hold your breath before this wave crashes over you
Later ABQ!!
Going home for the weekend.
:
DISCO INFERNO
Boehner looks more red to me.
Should I adjust my TV?
Time for Nuggets pull closing curtain on the.
Hope it's going to be a mile high night.
Finished my 33 1/3 laps today you caught up yet
Haha hell yeah.
I have a football scrimmage tomorrow :/ but it'll be good too
haha it was a classic mixup.
I thought she had left for work you see.
hey guess what:
Police investigating death of man found lying naked in the doorway of his National City apt.
Man suffered multiple wounds to upper chest.
But hey that's what I've got the worlds best big sister for : I'll just have her run in and get it for me.
I am not a fan of them.:
Great day!
Lots of family togetherness!
Life is great:
Winter Skal, Capital Brewery, Middleton: Gold!, Americanstyle amber lager.
Congrats to Kirby and everyone at Great beer.
She's been Kiki her whole life...
RT : KDunst, KD, or Dunst?
Need a new name for her so people don't confuse Kirsten for Kristen.
My bruteforce Perl program was 772 lines.
Refactored version is 407 lines, thanks to magic of data references and anonymous storage.
Woot!
Right on Helen!!
Talking books with one customer usually distracts me from ringing up another!
Sorry, I meant vein.
You knope how autocorrect falls me when I tie on my ipod.
I don't like this feeling:/
I've had you so many times but somehow I want more!
ESPN earned 2.6 overnight for U.S.
women's doctormatic World Cup win over Brazil.
Very strong for WWC
think more avant garde hip hop
Headed to the school house
i like making up names for playlist.
currently: if i had a convertible these are the songs i would play MayAugust only with the top down
shot of tequila to end my 5 hour energy fueled monday.
dont worry im walking cause my caddys tranny is crapping out
Hi Helen, thank you!
Yes, I'm in San Diego and loving it.
Hope you are doing well!
CLUCK CLUCK CLUCK
Just rec'd email from a friend titled How to be a gracious b.
Now why do you think she sent it to me?
Hm....
I hear ya.
I was going to offer to take you out if you really weren't doing anything.
That is just not ok.
what about white people that don't give a rat's ass about either one but can name at least 5 members of the Wu Tang Clan?
miss you too
Thank you everyone for following me and let me following!
its great friendship, have a great weekend!
NATHAN
Rhapsody is a rip, why pay 9.99 a month plus 1.29 per songs when you can have iTunes?
schoolmemories All The Fights :
Worked all day again for Oldham County Tourism.
Will also be interviewing Jean Schumm of Operation Parent in 3 weeks.
Exciting stuff!
I'm about to go put my head in a book or something!
I know!
I'm dying of jealousy.
Gimme my bed!
P.
sanders is just amazing .
Its unbelievable.
Nosh will be closed for Passover from April 615.
We will open up with normal hours of operation on Monday April 16 Chag Pesach Sameach!
Please spread this around to as many people as you can!
We have to get word out about OWS and what it stands for!
Yeah don't, life's too short.
You will never see a hot guy dating a normal girl, but you actually can see hot girls dating normal guys.
We'll be tabling the Victoria Anarchist Bookfair, Sept 1011th in BC Canada, unceded coast salish territory.
Comes say hello!
Shin splints suck!
Does anybody know how to get rid of them?
That's great!
Shout out right back to you from Panama City, FL
Is that if you're a gold star member?
I always take my own cup  they only give me 10 off.
Strange...
About to go to sleep.
Who's playing ?
I should've changed my number.
smdh
more stripped down than the performance last night is what I meant

My inbox is nothing compared to
My meniscus keeps bothering me!
Trying to avoid surgery!
: His Flowered Hawaiian Button down though 
Can't wait till the 2012 SUMMER OLYMPICS!
Spencer and I have nice walks
This year has had its ups and down with me but all I can say through it all it has made me a stronger person and I wouldn't change it
I hate how my body asks for more sleep when it freaken knows there's school
Thank you darling...I can flow with my inner supermodel from time to time, lol
Director candidates coming soon.
Syllabus changes imminent.
Final episode of GK today!!!
Go watch!!!
How have I not seen Footloose?
Kevin Bacon, I am impressed!
This is making me want to see the new one too.
I was just retaliating.
lol
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Buddha
Just wrapped Democracy at Work.
Such a fun set and a fun character!
Can't wait for you all to see it!
Random question: does anyone know where I could purchase mulberries?
Jazz Workshop today at JALC NYC...Great band  big fun..
Berkeley , imma be home in charlack later !
Why wspp
Loved the blog post.
Glad you liked what we did!
hahaha of course!
The finale was just a disappointment it doesn't excite me for next season
Clif is being so mean to me.
winstonsalem City Council chambers packed tonight, as the council debates a resolution opposing
Wow.
I am liking the new Gmail interface!
Widgets I never used, never knew were there, are popping up and they're helpful!
Wow!
currently playing call me maybe in BUAD 259.
COME AT ME.
hahaha.
Your cool.
Donors can become investors.
Heifer's got lots of celebrity supporters, but they're not being leveraged.
Yes sir indeed, classic!
definitely forgot to invite me if your making banana pancakes
thanks for the follow.
Love your background with
just another Thursday in the office!
Lol for sure.
If you could pick who was on the lineup who would you want
Next OOMF tht tweets about haters as motivation for success is getting unfollowed..
this keynote room is like a freezer.
off to search for a winter jacket...
I CALL DIBS ON CODY!!
;D
Were offering an exclusive wine this month selected by Master Sommelier, Alpana Singh.
Come for dinner and a glass of 2009 White Orchard...
I'm back long time I haven't been on here
because ur black:D
All I want in life is to be a gracious unicorn.
i pray for you all the time ok!
but she asked me to specifically pray for her for the test :p lol
Beautiful picture.
they're always nice in a mean way!
Of course he did.
We'll see a lot more of that in '13 MT : Romney shook off LA loss by going 2 Hunger Games  Cinepolis Del Mar
Good talk so far.
You could mention a few of the things that happened this week and have folks mad.
Ernie all the way he knows why's buttons to push on Bert.
University of the Free State the First Library in South Africa to Select Serials Solutions Summon Service and 360 Link!...
We are heading over to right now.
Where are you boating this summer?
2 Be passionate.
Donald Trumps 10 rules of success.
Rule 3 coming in 4 hours.
If I told you to kill ur self cuz no one likes you and no one ever will.
Will u do it???
your annoying me stop it.
: A lot of people can rap ....
But only some can make good records
Its been a very GRAND day!!!
I'm in a mom and pop music stores shopping for Vinyl and CD's, vintage, current etc.
Buying music this way is disappearing.
:
Who are you right now?
Lol
When you break up w/ your bf  they look really cute the next day ..
With a Flashlight and something called internet.
Im no stalker
YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND YOU KNOW.
so add the 2 turn overs..he doesn't score as much, rebounds the same, turns over the same, and passes the same.
Whats the hold up, get on some Skyrim, game is Amazing.
you could have asked me but you didn't so don't find fault
I'm sure it's b/c the question input is set to Website I was a little worried about that.
.
.
I need new friends.
:c
is thinking through a client proposal for an online community that fosters usage of new product features and incentivizes advocacy
you're random.
u look good in a uniform man
And the other 25?
Smh when niggas bored they just start naming fine women.
I just read through a 15 year old girl's Formspring page and I could just sit down and weep.
Parents please watch my story.
9 pm on Fox 9.
that's awful!
I own all of the seasons.
Come watch them with me!
Lincoln: I attempt no compliment to my own sagacity.
I claim not to have controlled events, but confess .
.
that events have controlled me
I've had to restrain myself many times in my life from revealing TOO much scientific knowledge.
4 MORE DAYS TILL HAWAII!!!
:D
Just booked a hotel for our scout trip coming up in May.
One step closer to the big day!
chefscon Meeting with about presenting on sustainable seafood at the conference.
Girls are such a doctorg
My son needs a rock climbing wall.
I'm absolutely certain he's destined to be a champion climber.
If anyone wants some free tickets to this Saturday's Maryland Craft Beer Festival up in Frederick hit me up!
so am I
happy mothers day!
But it's basketball, so does it really count?
RT : OKC vs.
Dallas might be the most competitive four game sweep in the history of..
Hahahahaha!
My phone is RINGING.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I hope all the dads out there have a wonderful day tomorrow!
Staying on bed all day.
I love the gap between your teeth, I love the riddles that you speak..
miss you too bebzz.
We need a cute waiter this time.
Everything Pixar touches is pure gold.
Expect me to make a trip opening weekend to see Brave.
BackInElementarySchool I used to say I wish we had no teachers then we could do whatever we wanted
if you don't risk anything, then you risk even more
Bout to go to lunch with mi madoctor :
Someone needs to count up all of the layups players have missed during the NCAA tournament JUST because they used the wrong hand to finish!
So many people didn't wake up this morning but I did.
Thank you lord.
I'm grateful.
U ask about what I've done in life then afterward I'm now the cockiest guy in the school
Did you know our Process Servers are Supreme Court Certified?
Check us out online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com or call us 8775275737
Oops!
try either ShowMeApp.com or twitter.com/showmeapp.
Its presentation prep time with the crew :
Thanks to everyone for coming out tonight!
Kansas City is an amazing soccer town!
lol, got my second fit test tomorrow!
Where is Austin moving to?
i will
What's wrong?
Why 42?
To celebrate Mo Vaughn.
Say the words, Carrow and I let you live.
throws a lightning bolt at your ass Say em.
Antonio Banderas!
Maybe but I'd throw a bone to Michael Crichton's Eaters of the Dead and go Wake Up Dead
Happy Monday Twitter friends!
Who parted?
one of Moses's followers
i think your amazing.
I still get meaning  validation from jumping out of a swing set.
HAHAA whatever man.
Yo ass better be grateful I even took ur ass to get food.
I would also have accepted Words With Frenemies.
Hey Hope ur having an amazing day of learning.
Talent show auditions today!!!!: Wish me luckk!!!:
please help.
The invite did not work for me:
watching All the Right Moves  and John Locke from Lost is one of the college coaches recruiting Tom Cruise  27 years ago..
same.
all the good bands are breaking up lately.
we're not really a defined style.
We make what we like.
Our site will be up in a few days.
Come check it out, you'll like it!
Heartbreak Kid came on after Hot Fuzz.
Half way through I remembered how much I hate Heartbreak Kid.
What a miserable movie
You don't know a thing about me!
So don't judge me!!!!
She ate a dog cookie?
Was it one of those ones shaped like a pretzel?
Or a cookie, maybe?
ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you put a ring on it
New artists signed to Trill Talk Ent, and
I blame that darn sasquatch
Why do ppl feel the need to pick their nose in the car?
As if they're in an opaque secret bubble.
Chrome is fantastic!
Although we use Firefox here, too.
Mysticism is going through hell  the pains of near death to spiritually experience the heavenly healing power of God right here  now.
So how is Harrington doing, people who know technical things?
SportingKC another yellow to Kei now.
How many does this make?
When comes on shuffle you don't change it
he is not here !
Had to reschedule !!
delivered Christmas gifts for the last time at work...tomorrow is the work party!
RT What happens when we ask WHY the system is broken?
Jaggers on oppositional DevED forces:
Got it!
I love knowing that me and are snuggled up in our beds playing eachother in phone games 3
We would like to thank everyone who came out to doctorAMing for Tomorrow!
A special thanks to Laura Vazquez from NCLR!
:
Rosenburg detects backgrounding of data and database in DH work at UVA, foregrounding of the idea of the archive
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions  Cinco de Mayo Party with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music!
I might just leave school to focus on temple runner what do u think
GREAT WORD!
11:11 i wish for to RT this or for him to tweet me a goodnight 3
that's wht I'm talking about!
Love and they have dope clothing!
Check em out  Don't forget to follow the boss !
QTT RT Watching Goodfellas and napping until 's bday celebration tonight.
Happy birthday big guy!
We can next weekend :
oh gosh!
You get our satisfaction guarantee with every purchase.
it just means your popular!
And that's awesome that more people then your cousins are taking an interest lol
RT : You want to be able to start your small business w/o the hassle from sloppy govt workers?
Get out and Vote Tommorrow
A very full, very small jet, with not so very small peoplea great test to see if you have the fruit of the Spirit or notin testing now.
I just dm'ed you
My patience with several people is completely gone.
I WantAnR8 to make doctorves to the coffee shop longer and more interesting.
omg omg omg.
college fb week is finally here!
goblue!
haha oh it's okay :
Shout out to all my new followers...Welcome to the world of Diamonds
Why is everyone talking about RepWeiner?
Everyone has done something they are not proud of, who are they to judge anyone?
GROW UP AMERICA!
You know what I actually gained some respect for Steve Blake since he reps Miami
S/O to for being up with me n keeping me entertain with her scared self :P

GOP lawmaker: 3 more Secret Service employees forced out, 2 cleared in prostitution scandal
Do any designers need a buyer to find industrial antiques for their clients in the bay area?
Thanks for the FF West!
Have a great weekend.
: Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything.
Who is coming to our first show back with My Ticket Home and Visions?!
Tea is not just popular with our British friends across the pond.
5 out of 6 North Americans enjoy doctornking tea.
merry Christmas loves!
I like seriously can't stop typing.
I love it.
Idek why it just feels cool to be able to type nonstop because you know where all the keys r
I've been trying out all night and I'm addicted.
That's it.
New EMchat platform for Thursday nights!
Feels like a  Humpday
Would like to thank all of my new followers for following me : I'll do my best to follow you all back in the next day or two!
Sit tight, I'll be tweeting the link in the next 24 hours and will give it away on Friday!
Watch for details :
Be sure to hunt down at idea10 and thank them for sponsoring us again this year.
Getting ready for another interview with about challenges of raising self esteem in tough times
Bout to hit up practice .
I love baseball man
We get out of school early for birthday.
that's all truth!
I forgot to use one of my Group On deals, it expired!
Has anyone ever done this?
That awkward moment when your mouth makes a really funny noise by accident and people assume youve farted
The soil says, Don't bring me your need.
Bring me your Seed Jim Rohn...
Happy Planting
I need a steak hoagie in my life.
I'm so greeedyyyy
I miss Eric Stults, you guys.
What's up Terry, now we meet on twitter...
nice meeting you.
Looking forward to your set tonight
my bieber poster just fell and i screamed omg it was so quiet then BOOM aha.
Anger is....The Seed For Change..
volunteering today.
C:
I'm so jealous.
I want one of those.
:
And a big ol Sunday afternoon shoutout to !
So happy to be with and taking about brain doctorin and the creativeclass in
Had a great meeting today for a new charity concert series that I am going to help produce...
This is going to be amazing!
More soon!
Omg.
Mark needs to stop .
no but when they go on sale I Will be at school!!D:
Awesome!
Thank you!
Send me a link when you start one!
:D
The heat is making me grouchy.
remind me again why yall suck???
my office hours have suddenly started to begin at 7 a.m.
Morning!
What's the good word?
hahaha, I'm going to go watch Bart's prank calls now.
.
: In preserving computer games it's hard to identify boundary of objects being preserved.
Lots of software dependencies
glad you like it!
that collection is really good!!!
So excited to share it : Enjoy your day ;
i guess steeling is a bit harsh...
I can push till there's no more pushing.
Raw.
Did you know?
Energizing foods are rich in complex carbs, protein, antioxidants, fiber, vitamins  minerals.
We do roof/hurricane inspections, 4 point inspections, and realestate inspections also.
3052323344.
Starting at 50.00
Time with my bestie is golden
cough I need a cold shower
What's today?
What's today, you say?
The day the fools come out to play?
Oh right, so here in my warm bed I'll stay.

Larry Merchant won't do the interview.
Part of 's contract with HBO.
It will be Max Kellerman.
How are you.
Thought of Art at ServQuest today  that brought you to mind.
Hope things are going well.
Keep in touch.
shoot you got me!
It was still really good!
It's never too early to take notes on how I DON'T want my kids to act, right?
Almost had to knock some parents out this morning at Shipley's
be sure to check out our friends
I am a bit biased on this one, she is my favorite character...
Check out some of our partner sites.
www.Kickcartel.com and www.DeadProps.com
Who's going to Texas In July this Sunday at Skully's?
Presale tickets available at www.collaterallive.com!
.
Very cool.
I'd love to tour the building, but hope I never have a reason to be there.
American Jobs Act will spend 2.8 B for K12 school infrastructure in CA and create 36,600 jobs;  1.1 B will modernize comm.
colleges
Lol RT : did you know that you can save a bunch of money on your car insurance by fleeing the scene?
word.
you better get an awesome freaking mother's day gift out of it too!
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs.
Aldous Huxley
what took ya so long to find us?
; RT coming.
Good luck.
: What's up with the talk of snow Monday??
ready to bundle up!
Not until things are dealt with.
: RT IF YOU HAVE HATERS TEAMFOLLOWBACK follow back!!
Best Advisor ever!
and if you did not know what Skinamax is, its porn.
yes i am buddy ...
live and present
Sorry Ben just saw your tweet now.
Did you make it out of the storm?
Oye.
Just read this tweet.
Today I learned that the Kentucky Derby is only about 90 seconds long and not like a NASCAR race.
Thanks Matt!
You're voice made a huge difference today.
We tired as hell.
Yep, more photos clues soon :
Hurry please!
thanx for buying my Album online  requesting CD as well.
go get it for me the baby wants sum
it's gone rain on yo head ...
Is Ma  Pa Station that right below the bridge?
Where the Streetcar Museum is?

I look forward to seeing all of y'all!
We're handing out some very unique awards to the employees.
Any suggestions for some random awards we can throw in?
r/aww wasn't impressed with my Carbon a while back.
My karma machine might be defective, do you think I can take him back?
Crapy days like this just really make me want summer.
Holy fog Batman
I won't ever hate you; but I sure as hell can't ever love you again.
I just realized that I have the same question.
Where are MY night nachos?
; hungry RT : Where are my night nachos!?
Oh yeah ooh aah.
That's how it always starts.
But, then later, there's running and then .....
screaming.
Ian Malcolm.
Lost World.
Thx to  for sharing my Pinterest  photo articles with your followers!
Colima Linda Apartment homes are only 9.0 miles to the San Diego Convention Center :
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's just like them just not as good looking
Twizzlers or red vines?

I've never used anything other than Angostura before...
I'm really glad I met you Warren.
Thanks for the awesome review of our treats!
Look out for our new GrainFree product line which will be available in May!
Logan's Run redux
I didnt like it either
Huh.
That would have been cool  I actually had to get the pooftoeye twice cuz they forgot to tell me to take out contacts.
Spoken like a true man.
WHAT WHY DID I NOT HEAR ABOUT THIS?!
You best fill me in after
Haha, no worries!
To the biker gang parked in front of Starbucks cranking Rush's '2112': you win the night.
Acoustic music from the heart or a power ballad that lifts you up  which would YOU vote for?
Tkts still available!!
3234628460
BlackBoyRadio album is jammin at work.
Nice album
It's good to finally see an antiRomney attack ad coming from Obama.
KEEP THE PRESSURE ON!!
would buy one.
RT : Has anyone made a Scruggs not doctorggs tshirt yet?
No disrespect to my Chanel purses, but confidence is the sexiest accessory you can own.
I thought the original Bowles/Simpson plan was quite good.
Couldn't figure out why the administration or the GOP nixed it.
This RT : I'm sorry, on the scale of annoying players, Nyjer Morgan has nothing on Crys Crypenter.

and thank you for listening!
We hope we'll be out your way, soon.
Got a new ifone....amazing
RT : Short  sweet  power of the retweet!
quote quotes SQN
Didn't wanna give in, so we both gave up.
or AMAZING?
Imagine the hilarity of Simon Cowell and maybe Skrillex as guest judge talking about DJ skills
OMG really?
Congrats!
You're going to be the cutest mom!
cc
I'm simple: squats, deadlifts, rows, pullups, foam rolling, mobility doctorlls, fish oil, lean protein  veggies.
Works!!
Happy to answer any and all questions about Lotta good stuff to tell.
Lemme kno.
it breaks my heart to see a homeless person ..all this money the government got for war but not for the poor.
Sleep, those little slices of death; Oh how I loathe them.
Edgar Allan Poe
Tom Selleck is 67 years old.
Why prevention?
Career criminals cost society 65k by age 12; 250k by 14; 6million lifetime.
did we have to go to english today?
14 weeks to the Womens World Cup  who will take the title of World Champions?
good : doctorve careful on your way back :P
Here's what they think about ya...
thank you sir!!!!
Shoutout to all my fabulous followers PinkKisses :
haha that cool :D
Shooting in a pumkin patch...love making memories with
watch out for that yellow5!
haha
dang sorry to everyone who got the lame links
Welcome its true;
Seattle is ranked as the 1 hipster city in the U.S.
Sorry Atlanta and New York
You're ready team!
Shine!
RT : Exciting time for this week to showcase how we serve our students and
Niggas Is Bitches They'll Snitch Get You A 100 Years A Small Circle No New Niggas I Aint Switching Gears
Crazy doctorams...
The comment field on their first episode is scathing to say the least
and Like the StreetKing Facebook page
I'm playing guitar does that count?
Apparently my Twitter birthday was on Tuesday  I've had my account for three years now.
Thanks, , for letting me know!
Josh Beast!!!
bandsilove hawthorne heights, a day to remember, limp bizkit
United States Army doctorll team 3
I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day.
Definitely paying Central Park a visit.
Keep your eye out for XFlight video!
Cam Newton claims he told Miss St.
he is taking his talents to Auburn, come on, I doubt he used that wording or did Lebron steal his line?
LOL!
Me too!
I guess Peyton Manning/Tom Brady money just isnt good enough for doctorw Brees
ISO: VIP tickets to the Big Tap In bigtapin Will pay 
Noonish In The Garden Of Good And Evil
How does everyone keep up with all their fav bloggers?
Tell me how!
just someone trying to scam me on craigslist..
but I'm not stupid :p
Gotta say....I heart Ibaka
Thanks, Mark!
Nothing more delicious then slightly expired milk.
I prefer seasoned to expired anyway.
Sell by doesn't mean doctornk by.
Did you see Justin's new tatoo?
:
dude..can you hand me that pen?
Never Say Titties
I look very happy for the Lakers in this photo.
Hope you're having fun at Open Video!
All good things are wild and free...
Go kitty!
Go!
I always take a nap and after it I wake up feeling horrible.
Looking forward to your tweets ;
Easter Brunch at The TavernLowry, Tech Center, Wash Park and Littleton!
All you can eat buffet featuring ham, roasted lamb, smoked...
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
Sacha Guitry
I thought you'd never ask!
Er...soon...very soon...bad coach, bad coach...
like ugh my emotions THEY CAN'T DO THIS TO US.
if came to seattle, i would run to s house and doctorg her with me to find them.
Be sure to stop at lost leaf tonight!!
Great vibe, great beer and wine selection for all yall!!!
THE REWIND!!!
Chi town what's good
Tweeting from Not in My Library!
Selfcensorship rm150b
What up Jemi?
Amin from the ASCAP EXPO listened to the CD and liked what I heard.
Let me know what's going on on your side!
You asked 4 it, OK not u but that guy in accounting.
All of Sketch22 Number 8 being uploaded to
happy birthday!
Why do things get instantly better when Call Me Maybe comes on?
Np  Thelonius feat.
Slum Village studied this rap shit no need to mic test

waving Did you sleep well?
;
Too many people will believe anything they say.
Laundoctor done packing almost Buffalo just hours away...Happiness is coming home monday!
gah!
my browser is getting eaten alive!
are you flying?
Thanks!!
RT : Netflix has just licensed for two years, to use in retail stores and online!
I'm really tempted to go make car look like a sushi roll.
Hey del how Your day today is ugly down here raining all day I hope you have a great day
you're welcome haha : how're you doing?
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
RT : read with your child Tips for inspiring young readers: By  It's never too early  or too late  to ......
My third grade student mom decided she wants tutoring continued.
The Star test is over so I can actually teach!
I Hate That I Love Him  I Wish He Was Average 
It's not being a traitor when it benefits u wayy more.
Obv ur gonna switch
Dense fog advisory for Walworth, Jefferson  Dodge Co.
in SE WI until 10pm this am.
Viszero now in Jefferson
Yo are too kind!
Thank you so much for coming.
Always love seeing your face!
FollowMe 2learn about singing group that toured w/ Prince and is releasing their newest album on Jan.
10, 2011.
After what happened last game, I have no faith in the Pacers holding this lead
go to bed!
lmao u kno niyah bad anyways...
N all she do is pick wit u every time u come around
because i need more follers and im jelous
Thank God for
Thanks, man.
Wish I lived closer to Ann Arbor so I could audit your class.
I am so over making other people do their jobs today.
Way over covering for them when they don't.
The congratulates all the 2012 graduates!
Welcome to the world of the alumni.
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
FOLLOW FOR AN EXTRA FOLLOWER :
50 closer to our 400 goal by Feb 16; help make it happen!
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
i'm sending you a fb invite right now for something, hope you can make it!
it involves Karaoke :
at least it wasn't some random creepy guy.
Go Navy, beat Army!!!
there is a Walmart a few miles down the road, I don't think it's needed
I got my mom an 'i love you' Teddy and she said she loved it: omg she never says that!
:D
we should jam!
Half kidding but me too on all that and the selftaught stuff.
selfcare for me as well
Hang in there!
You can do it!
come in this Wednesday for our final round of Trivia!
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
Ugh, fuck it, I'm going out.
Can't wait for 's performance on SNL tonight!
Busy busy!!!
To be honest, Miley and Selena doesn't care about their fans so much, i mean they don't RT or Follow their fans at all not like the JuJu.
Had I been around when Dick Van Dyke was young, I'd have married that man.
Weird faces and all.
lovethatman!
: It's official I'm old I don't get Nicki Minaj.
Where is MC Lyte?
The real female MC's  I said the same thing
Ridin' round wit that nina !
Happy KentuckyOaks Day!
New Detroitexploitation Cinema: 5/16/2012 in the Afternoon.
Later On, Baby.
Check out this video for Megan Stielstra's new book, Everyone Remain Calm.
See Megan at the Grad Reading/Open Mic on 3/19...
Okay you better!
Wear your shirt on Friday when I get back ;D We gon' fangirl scream.
I write to come to an understanding with myself.
I'm excited for the tour diary..their behind the scenes stuff is always entertaining : 
Hey Tye!
Hopefully you get some awakeness going.
A: Don't preserve yourself.
Let go of the ultimate addiction: me, that which belongs to or is of import to me.
in my opinion, Wah Kee.
But I prefer a specific type of pad thai.
Nah I don't have an NBA team.
I just like sports ya know.
We really enjoyed Napa today along with meeting new friends and sampling fine wine.
Thank you again...you're the best!
11 seems so far away
Spent part of my day contributing new dating and usage evidence of a word to the OED.
: !we coming to pop some bottles!.....Imma need a Peach Ciroc bottle on TCLASS
Secrets secrets are no fun unless you are a part of one!!!!
On my way to Innovation Advisors in Kansas City, stuck on the runway at ORD in a thunderstrom!
Raise your hand if u thought Chandler Parsons was gonna be as good as he's been this season....
Yeah, me neither.
4600th goes to :D miss u grl my tweet stalker lol  cuz of ur stank attitude :p
All jira.
All the time.
It's a nonstop requirements writing party in Ipswich!
Bullshit absences RT : Getting things done for the community tonight with Absent: and 
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
One more flick to DVR, CHLOE!
Atom Egoyan's middling remake is still worth a look.
9pm on Starz.
I woke up this morning and just had tons of energy.
I think God is trying to tell me something.
Still not giving up on myself.
Ever.
:
I just wanna go home..
Eat watermelon..
And watch futurama..
should I add Trevor Booker and doctorp either Al Harrington or Josh Howard?
Is Booker going to stick in the rotation?
another morning at the calm before a storm consisting of thunderous laptop laptop....LAPTOP!!!!!!
Its Worth the doctorve to come survive the fearsome five!!
2011FEAR so many supirises and changes awaiting you!!
hello Pope!
Miss seeing you around ;
could not agree more
Come down to Central, Santa Monica  check out Austin Brown performing w the BackpackKids 2nite.
We know it will be special
LoL that's what she said...
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Rick Perry to Make Clear That He Intends to Run for President
Jammin out to brings back so many memmories :
I eat these cinci bitches no fork no spoon :P
please follow me :
We have heard lots of great music!
We cant thank musicians enough!
show Cody and it's true I do doctoram bout him
he had bedbugs, so they kicked him out.
Maybe it is the uu in me that objects to the militant screeds...
not so sure 2 papers is the way to go.
Been making revisions to both in my head all day.
Too late.
Hey Emma, I have virtual offices in NYC.
Let me know if you are looking :
Need a tech director interested in the Bay Aream great opportunity w/ equity
Britney Is Beautiful  RT if you agree.
Hello world.
just left.
Going to subway fatgirlprobz ; hahahah had to do it
And it made me famous!
RT : A2: Absolutely yes.
It has been a worldwide success for us.
Had Lebanese wine for the first time tonight.
Yes He's the the Same God but it's a NEW covenant!
New means NEW not revised, refurbished or good AS new.
ik I told my mom tht!
She's says u have no future with him u shod date a Godly man and He is just a figment of ur imagination
U know u'r  home when u'r visiting w/ a friend or relative  u don't want 2 leave!
3 ya sis!
Ha!
Thanks again for the invitation.
Come visit Argyle in Durham!
We'll have lunch at Rue Cler.
Minnesota State Fair, but that probably doesn't help you.
in rehearsals for an awesome new show called Messed Up Here Tonight
i created a sales page and everyone can follow it
sorry im a whore
SAT is over...
Hope i did well despite my sickness :/
Girl: take off the condom, boy: why?
Girl: YOLO, Boy: ok but if u get pregnant YOYO Girl: whts tht suppose 2 mean, Boy: your on your own
Going to sleep
Bored and horny!
Horny and bored!
Got it?
niggas like to gossip like bitches, got me thinking you don't like bitches .
Thy mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and thy faithfulness reacheth unto the clouds.
Psalm 36:5
Did you know that Osama Bin Laden said in writing that was his favorite news network and he loved Keith Olbermann?
Yeah.
BBC  Science and Islam, PartB, The Empire of Reason
Catching OKtoPortland transplants at PDX party.
It's been too long, boys.
Sounds great.
Currently full on life...
And enjoying every moment of it..
Anyone who gets 2 Train Thur  the California Train Museum in Old Sac  show us their ticket will get free kids scoop when u get a reg scoop
The Championship merchandise has arrived!
Stop by instore to get your hands on this awesome gear!
Yes, I've been GONE FOREVER!
Sorry working on ATCON Issue
One of the 1st FDOT projects I worked on was in Seminole Heights.
Documented a great stone bungalow that was torn down.
I think you should add a whooping crane kick into your class on Tues.
cc:
collegeaged girl in gas station line buying huge coffee  a slimjim.
Her Easter experience must have differed greatly from mine.
Extra innings dudes.
We're in for a doozy !
When my teacher ignores me  .
Definitely not going to the WESTEST assembly.
It's a beautiful day at Links of Lake Bernadette.
Did you know you can come play 9 holes after 5:00 for only 10?
The course looks GREAT!!!
If someone is worth your tear, they wouldn't have made you cry in the first place.
When did it become 10 o'clock?
Glad I hit that Exacta on the last race.
gave ya shout out during panel preso w/ twestival example of online campaign.
Just FYI : CV
Guys Go Follow  She Follows Back  Follow her  She Is So Sweet And Nice 
That subway sandwich was good as fuck.
Can't wait till tomorrow!
Omgg.
I got a pillow pet!
:D
This weekend, tracks from my album, Sentimental Swing were broadcast on WVCR 88.3 FM.
Aloha Albany, Troy and Schentedy NY!!
Live band at this party, dope af !!!!!
woah nice background
Oh.
Okay.
I'm still spend my 10 on it.
'He's selling magic, everyone else is selling technology' J.
Sculley Simple.
Beautiful.
Special.
Take a hot shower, put on my favorite lotion, and doctornk banana milk.
Love it.
LOVE it.
Back from Shanghai and Beijing.
Loved the trip although my Mandarin needs A LOT of work.
One of the magic words that we use a lot to open both of us to listening more deeply and lovingly to each other is this phrase
: If you can go back in time, who would you fuck?
Me, I would fuck Marilyn Monroe probably the mom from Happy Days
Wrong Greene..this is Linda Greene
OWN THE NIGHT 4EVER SELENA U OWN MY NIGHT :d
: Love flying BOS to SFO, each leg of the flight Thx ricew Enjoy SF.
We love you too!
It's on air...recorded message that says text now and gives a word and number that you have to text to.
Billy
yeah man!
i see this got old qquick
I called yo ass 3 times today!: where the f is my sister.
I am my sisters keeper
I hope that when I die, people say about me, 'Boy, that guy sure owed me a lot of money.' Jack Handey, Deep Thoughts
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Pablo Picasso.
avocados are fruit?
I THOUGHT THEY WERE VEGTABLES
Opening Day!!!!
Let's go Brewers!!
I feel like I have been sleeping all weekend.
I dunno why I'm soo tired.
Maybe the heat smh lol
Ok  glee was awesome...
How can they top that next week?
I'm in love with my mickey party 3.3
Ignorance is hopeless.
Education is priceless.
Choose education.
Text me first, or we wont be talking.
Hey, are you also in jms 375 class?
Quick to say I love you, but how do they treat u?.
has made my day.....
Again : 3 me and my cuzzin r refusing to follow the rules of life TAKE THAT SOCIETY!
;
I might as well do some work for my folio seeing as all class tomorrow I'm gonna be studying for my sac.
its on!
Chris Perez  Joe Borowski.
Gets it done regardless.
The truth hurts sometimes,,,I guess thats why we often avoid it....
tears of joy only!
Do you have any HU football pics?
Share, post them and tag us!
IM TELLING MY mom to get your book cant wait to read all about it 3 your fans
cuddle time forsure
I usually enjoy all 90 minutes.
This time I went a bit too deep.
Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his own two hands!
Friday!
Friday!
Friday!
yes Going H.A.M.
It's Easter and my family has now moved on to discuss literature...like Great Expectations.
:
a baseball teammate
Beautiful morning in the neighborhood...back to listening to audtions you guys have sent us keep em comin !
Tune in now to Vaming radio with guest Assemblymember Roger Dickinson.
The heartbreaking moment when you think the waitress is bringing your food but then she walks straight past you.
:/
wait, what were you guys saying about me?
yea its his fault for thinking this still wades team
Great Car show in Gaslamp this weekend  GaslampCarShow.
Come say Hi.
thingsthatmakeyougoVROOM!
Had a blast opening for Slugabed last night.
thx Base6gallery!
:
Miss the early 2000's best MUSIC
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day.
News View on TV starts at 9:00 PM tonight, on UPTV 6 on Comcast, 99 on ATT.
is this my fairy godpooka??
And I AGREED with you!
Point made!
They r charletons!
haha thanks for the free publicity.
right on sis...love you!
Robin ate yours...but looks like I'm seeing you tomorrow?
:D
I am starting not to either :
When I was almost raped by a security guard at Coachella the law protects him, 'cuz I was not harmed through liquid filled
what pizza place do you give the line the mutumbo?
ReplaceCodySimpsonSongsWithToby I Want Toby ;
Searches that led people to my website today: ridiculous occupy; legitimate or acceptable; many christians debate whether devil leigh hunt
Plant DNA vs.
Counterfeit Chips
I know that must be an awesome feeling..
I'm smiling so big for you..
Battier stays in the corner more than an 8 year old in timeout
lol Well said and let's not forget according to them they're the oppressed ones
awe man, now I want some Sour Patch Kids!
Send some my way!
;P Hope things go well tomorrow, whatever it is!
3
Just remember to make strange faces when they aren't looking.
Point to their clothes and ask Did you pick that out for yourself?
Me  gens friendship  ;
Im surrounded by blessed unexpected miracles
LOVE STANDING UP FOR WOMEN and LGBT!
Spread the word in out in nashville!!
Shaviro: Private interior of mental experience  Harman's vacuumpacked objects.
Where'd you go?
I miss you so
RT Can't muster outrage for Saverin's tax cheating, for which he's paying a high price, when we let so many do it as citizens.
I'm entranced by them.
Want so badly to spend time on their farm.
Try to get a personality and some pizzazz you suck!
Cheap bags and shoes sale online with free shipping!
hurry up ...
What can I say, I'm just not a bumper sticker kinda guy.
Monday is the kickoff for OnSite Portal Admin training in Cleveland!
Check back here  on our facebook account for updates  photos!
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Hello : how are you?
Molly Ben Ben Frankie Aaron Michael Jesse Austin and a few others
Like us on facebook and you could win a copy of our EP FREE!!!
LikeMeLottery Good luck
Nice work by to have team sites post Player Twitter Lineups.
Hope we finally see more interaction now between teams/players
8Flavahz needs to go home.
Now.
If they're the reason any of the other crews get sent home, I will commit.
SHOP, SAVE AND EARN.....
The new Revolutionary shopping experience
yet he tells people to grow up.
Unreal.
I do!!
Sending Loads of Love!
HUGS
You should!
You should also watch that movie...It is a really good movie!
Going to the MLK Parade Tomorrow in Liberty City, Miami, FL
MWRC11 Finalizing presentation on vendor statements of work.
Any samples of good cancellation or termination language?
back atcha sister, enjoy your summer too.
And I'll certainly keep that in mind.
I got your back
RT : Nobody to hang with tonight?
You can come to and hang with me!
Plenty of Christmas cheer here!
ahahaha!
Thanks!
:D hope you have a good day too
Ran 5 miles at Top to Top tonight.
Starting to apply to professorssional librarian positions.
Should I keep my resume to only one page, or is that outdated advice?
listening to jeezy way too gone
so comfortable
You've almost made it over the hump...
Happy Wednesday!
Hang out with us on the
I study there all the time : What are you up to at UVa?
Reminder to self, for next year: you are very bad at nanowrimostyle writing.
It was a good method for you 7 years ago.
It isn't anymore.
Why did i ever have a dj night called 'all requests'?
I need to buy records.
So ready to stuff myself!!
Gobble Gobble.
Mac on lost.
Loves it
Didn't know 2omf talked
My suggested DNC ad: Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden.
Mitt Romney almost killed his dog.
Rule 3 pay me on tym
Thank you so much im glad you guys had fun an i hope you liked the cds : like my fan page an tell your friends on fb thkz
Reasons i'm
Fair warning...
Her first road trip, so she might be a little grump!
Either way, you can still give her some lovins!
:D
Fuck yeah dude I'm a warlock bitch!
I wouldn't of missed it for the world love I love you too baby
Make today the best day of your life
yes of course, with 27 :
hey thanks for follow buddy!
How are you?
Just how are libraries are leveraging the ebook opportunity?
Find out at our virtual summit on ebooks 10/12 www.ebooksummit.com
now that is good S!
LOL
Till 15th.
Then, going to Times Square  I will say: THAT'S A WRAP ; RT Till when are you in NO?!
Please say 6
Just ate some strawberry Cream pie
's punkd rn is so good.
what kind of car are you looking for?
G'Morning fellow early bird!
Have a delicious day x
Thanks again to for the info about the new Vinylmation release.
You're welcome everyone ;
Loving the new Death Cab song...
Troys now a business man
To Dubai international Airport :'
Glad me and my 2 best friends got through all that doctorma:
hello there...
let's catch up after next week.
Will message you.
On my way to pycon
Still up at 4:51 am?
Yeah, otherwise I wouldn't be typing this.
Pulling an allnighter.
We're cool.
K .xx
Such is life train all the time.
Bang weights, bars on my back, squats, lunges do it all and i strain my back cleaning a shower doctorin?
Cmon
Ceramic Dog playing Brubeck's Take Five.
It's amazing, the freedom that you feel when you release all expectations.
you loved it that much midget?
Chloe was the 10 most popular baby name in 2011.
Awhyea.
Moving up in the wield.
Wearing my nerdglasses w/ pride!!!!!!
nerdglasses 3 they're my peoples
tell me this is not true Jag Fan..
I agree!
Keep the faith!
6/12 1:40 AM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
God bless America aka Turtle Island.
yep.
kohacon11 in Thane.
i do!
pleez!
aww poor : hope you feel better 3
Thanks to everybody who came to our opening reception last night.
We had an awesome turnout.
Tootsie Rolls are disgusting.
I need ice cream
A relative just confronted me about rejecting her as a friend on fb multiple times.
We are in the house of god lady, put it away.
remind me to tell you about an epic daydoctoram I had with you in it today!
Cracked me up :
LUUUUUUUUU!!!
Congrats to on his All Star nod!!!
First for me: having my remarks translated into Mandarin at a lunch for a visiting delegation from a Beijing university.
Just ordered a printer from !
I hope is the one delivering it!
I love them!
He lifted me out of the slimy pit, out of the mud and mire; he set my feet on a rock and gave me a firm place to stand.
Psalm 40:2
can't wait to try and win meet and greet with ya on 92.3 NOW tomorrow morning :
true custom sites?
meaning custom CMS'?
Seen overabundance of spam emails about viagra  pleasing my woman with my sweet girth.
I wonder if someone is trying to tell me something?
great photo.
Speaks volumes.
Best organization in the Association top to bottom.
Any further news on this?
I live right by...
Thank you for the shout!
3
We're expecting a great turn out for our Power 20 event on Feb.
3...sign up before it's too late..go to baltimorebusinessjournal.com.
girlfriend has accumulated 9 days of vacation where should i meet you???
: : Hopefully this weather holds off
Did Katy Perry just come back from a vacation to 2112?
Like really!
I NEED this movie in my life!
Writers block!!!
J.K.
Rowling is going to release a new book!
Everyone should be partying in the streets!
Are you following us on Twitter yet?
Why not?
;
' That sounds absolutely delicious.
the new one?
i haven't been but excited to go, pretty sure that ages me about 60 years.
Is the latest revision more colorful for you?
Haha...Thanks for the feedback!
Only watching AI for Queen and I have to mute the judges comments.
They were making me gag!
we MUST tell the story....we've been Buiding great men since 1867!
I know your my best friend and all, but your status' are fucking annoying.
Thanks for the RT Tim!
So it could be that exercise could have a much bigger effect if you were to start young
Unless Obama promises me a moon colony I don't think I can forgive him for not picking sparty out of the west.
Love the Packers and hate Homelessness?
Looking for some corporate sponsors for a giant charity event hosted by Nick Collins..
Mah bestie is comin' over for some porch wine!
Bring on the storm!
oh I was flaccid.
you should see my erection.
now that's a sight to behold; bahaha
after you tweeted that..........funny how you said that tho.
having fun on the highway, its gonna be a good daCRRAASSHHH
Oh.
RT : Everyone lock up your diaries!
omg me too:
Listening to Simon  Garfunkel on IPod.
Art Garfunkel, the original Soprano.
I miss an old friend......
Just opened an account here.
Finding things to follow...
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday  Panasonic FP7750 Medallion Series Copy Machine, 18000 Cycler Refrigerant Recovery Unit
My brother is a straight DICK.
Hey Josh do you make your own eBoy phone wallpapers?
Where do you get the source images?
Happy Tuesday!
Life is too short to live w regret.
What are u doing to bring urself happiness?
!
hahaa funny stuff :P
Bright pink compression socks  BEST decision I've ever made.
I'm so excited to run!
Get completed.
How to be strong.
Be sparkling.
Get thankfulness.
City Promoter is a home business.
Free Signup.
GleeSeasonFinale Party tonight with , Allison Patricia, and Heidi!
I'm bringing the nobake cookies!
:
Hello?
What about old Heathcliff?
He'd make a great
Man, i hate being sick like this...
coughing up gross stuff, chest hurts, my whole body and my head aches..
someone shoot me please!!
Ugh!!
Jennifer Lawrence kick continuing with WINTER'S BONE.
it should be mandatory he speak french every episode.
the AlsaceLorraine region as a homeland would be an interesting bet
dont dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Come out and see us at the Haven in Winter Park with , and others!
Doors at 830!
I say fck ya unless I'm witcha.
At what point did your brain go numb?
I'm guessing No.
8.
let's hope that those opinion leaders say something so absurd that the advertisers leave and the show is cancelled.
I'm so busy i don't even have time to eat.
The dark hair is NICE!
Man just got my charger wtf
I'm so hungry I just wanna eat and lay down!!
call me
Im picking that shit up next week.
omgee im n love wit der u go its off mi chest
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
aight, this is getting really ridiculous.!
Woke up to 83 messages from him 0o
Hope you all have your taxes done!
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself
We could sing in such harmony
Listening to Kate Nash, who wants me to stop being a dickhead
THERES A FINE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN im here AND HERE I AM!!
It's never a problem to go the extra mile to make someone u love comfortable.
Coming to the club tonight?
Email us your name and your friends' names and we'll put you ALL in the VLIST!.
I am not an Amer Stds nerd, just a nerd.
shop local, small business coffee joints!
There are no shortcuts...What price are you willing to REALLY pay for what you want?
they're riffing on the names of the stories in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
The Speckled Blonde.
The Geek Interpreter.
In fact, High Tea should be a mandatory time of the day.
Yay!
Everything ok?
thanks Seth :
My goodness they show a lot of skin.
: xoxo oohh are y'all gonna be in a scandalous love plot?
I wanna get my cartilage pierced!!
I though it was charged :
I'm listening to a mix with By The Way in it on my toolbar..
I just nailed in the ear with a tennis ball playing a match: OUCH
Anyone got a saving wedding tip to share?
Or a cheap solution to what could have been a big wedding snafu?
Please share.
I love my moms to death
Isn't every photographer an award winning photographer?
Great start
love it!
Thanks for the shout!
Where can I find more about Feed My Starving Childoctorn events!!
Art in Chicago area this weekend  American Craft Exposition, Port Clinton  Bucktown Artfest!
Am going to all!
June 15th we are playing with Nocturnal Me at the Croc Rock in Allentown P.A.
and on July 10th we are playing with Kid Blaze at The Chance
I'll doctornk to that!
Had a great time last night with special friends.
God created us to need others.
I'm glad to have friends that fill the created void.
thanks so much!
Toy is in the fierce category.
Brang it fashionistas!
: 
let bygon be bygon's bro
Morning!
No ma'am.
I've been traveling will check shortly.
BUT WHY isn't Pop that Lock by Adam Lambert a single already!?
haha ya I can.
Like 115 good with you ?
thanks man!
the best man alive was born on this day 22 years ago, HappyBirthdayMGK i love you so much !
What's the doctorss for ?
After 5?
s/o to my new follower im rocking with you baby
I will never date Matt Carol
People's reaction to situations depends on the values they use to frame their approach to life, says doctorMok.
SPOT can help in this discovery
that was my song!
Hahaha that doesn't even make sense you fool...mommy issues?!
We're just asking for respect, not a tux everyday.
Nobody wants to see your feet or ripped jeans.
thank you3
that doesn't sound like a good class...I guess only 6 weeks left!
How are you?
I wish u wished better
Thanks It was a great presentation.
Very worth attending!
thanks Teddy.
See you in Detroit one day.
: Good luck, Shan!
Please list the top ten praise and worship....christian or gospel cd's for me....information  Koda Turner
I is coming back to twitter: i miss everyone D;
Oh how I love getting emails from Cynthia Germanotta.
where is your conference?
I would love to see/hear you speak sometime.
I know you are going to do great.
I flirted with too many guys, he got mad.
we broke up, it made me sad.
now I feel like we don't talk anymore!:3
Thanks Scott!
Like every other night g smh RT : doctorams of losing my teeth...shit be WILD
Thanks so much for coming to support and his work with Carolina for Kiberia!
He has an amazing story to tell.
they could have written the bill to simply say folks over a certain age couldn't invest
People at my school say sKissors instead of scissors
So lime green jello of everyone right now...
Duke Basketball: Why the Blue Devils Need Jay Bilas Back on the Bench  Bleacher Report
Yes Braun.
You fucking senseless pussy.
We're trying to hit you in the 13th inning.
PED fucker.
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle, I just wish that He didn't trust me so much  Mother Theresa
I guess time really does fly when you are having fun.
Indeed, Frappuccino Happy Hour is from 35pm May 413.
3 u mom!: Ok my daughter has had a effect on me.
Sitting at work watching Marianas trench on youtube.
Can't wait for next Tuesday!
This city is officially cursed with injuries.
Screw you, 2012.
Bang someone.
no.
no one gets fired here.
that's an entirely different story....
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read.
Abraham Lincoln,
woohoo!
Happy Birthday!!
What an evening.
filming a new video editing tonight it will be up either later tonight or tomorrow morning or afternoon
My fortune cookie: You have a natural grace and great consideration of others.
I just shaved off my playoff beard and feel like me again.
God knows how I'm going to get up for work in 5 hours.
they thought you were gonna check your stuff before you left .
Chelsea was gonna tell you to check .
Thanks for the follow.
Let's be glad the dogs don't need car insurance or cell phones.
Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.
my phone died, come at 11 if you want.
You've clearly never been to a Pistons game then.
A 20full stadium equals playoff atmosphere.
that's my sig!:
....LONG NIGHT..GONNA SMOME A BLUNT  GO TO SLEEP....
nighty night loves ;
The text I woke up to 
Excited for today, beautiful day, friends, tequila, great food and boxing tonite!!
Another day in paradise aka: Vegas.
Dude I haven't tweeted in like forever!
I feel bad now.
Even !!
i dont think i can look at myself in the mirror.
no doubt Dan...
It was def fun while it lasted!
What's this I hear of ur nuptials?!
appreciate the birthday wishes for Lex!
Will pass the message along!
Shaukat!
Great to hear from you.
Hope all is well
HORNUNG  BEAST!
: How about Pierce Hornung yesterday?
Looking forward to seeing my family in from Alabama later today.
Getting Ready for first business trip to St.
Louis to meet with some nationwide church leaders!
Please Pray for a successful trip!
I like fucking white girls!!
Lol
So, how did you like Seattle?
:
Good Luck!
i wannt to tweet me..that's my new TwitMission
Wizs appeal is...
the startling success of his merchandise; Khalifas...
sometimes soars as high as 15.
very cool.
I met Ken at a camp.
I know, the article didn't mention Alan's skills.
Are you a folklorist or ethno as well as lib.?
AvengersGREATEST.
MOVIE.
EVER.
SO MANY ATTRACTIVE MEN.
kayli is off to school w/homework done, and snack and a packed lunch.
Mira and Nikki still asleep.
How's work?
2 more hours at work smh...I'm bored AF!!
Just got ANOTHER call from hollister...ugh...I love marching band..i love marching band...
Hi Maxie Thanks for the words of wisdom.
I like this quote That which is understood need not be discussed from Van Halen.
Glad you liked that.
I love it!
I can't wait to get a power up!
No problem, Erik!
My graduating class is called the doctorggie class because so many kids do doctorgs in my grade
Halftime America!
Good commercial inspiring words!
Game on!
Our show next week with  is no longer being hosted at Live At Phils!
It is now at Tomcats in Ft.
Worth!
Hope u had a better day today
: Just heard this...When the machines rise up against us, just pray to God that you're nowhere near a dildo factory!
RT : great to have playoff basketball back in Milwaukee!
YOU KNOW WHAT'S IMPRESSIVE?
I dedicated this WHOLE ACCOUNT FOR YOU.
3 but then again I think a lot of people did.
So....
I wish this cough would go bother someone else.
I may or may not have a particular individual in mind.
Thanks boys.
It was a great game, I was happy to see you guys make it as far as you did.
I hate feeling alone all the time..
They say I look like a chimney when I'm in a chair
good morning chick :
My team and I got in an argument on Xbox live with a 13 year old about how he was lag switching.
I had never been more mad.
so you hate when someone is gonna tell you something then they forget
Watching a demo for the latest verson of Ex Libris Alma.
Just...
Wow.
Partner Release 5 is so comprehensive and fluid.
Amazing!
okay, well let me know asap :
Had an great time last night at orientation.
The student panel was incredible!
Its clear I made the right choice in BSchool!
I jus text my homie 'reach out when u rise'  realized how appropriate that was
I will be all that I can be and do all that I can do.
I will find an area of excellence that I can develop and give to the world.
Close to adding one of 's DSLRs to our lineup of HD video cameras, stay tuned for info on our video packages coming soon!!!!
Hey Elizabeth!
I fell off the Twitter for a while, I guess.
Just got your msg about Franceska!
Hope it was all good stuff!
:
SRP 3 is going to kill me 
what?
I'm sorry
she is a bitch where.
awww gracias!
That's my baby boy!
Sorry I haven't been tweeting much.
With all the excitement around the zomm launch there isn't much time.
yeah i hope she performs GYHAB :
Credit Card machines now live at H Street and Birch Parkway!
Figured it was time to change my username since I got married 5 months ago and had my name changed.
hey thanks!
Oh, I get that More of a reaction to existing, jawdoctorpping sprawl than a condemnation of SW LRT.
progressing at the end of the season.
Possession was increasing.
Finishing was the problem.
IMO
Don't laugh, but is anyone interested to see Jethro Tull at the Balboa Theatre on Oct 17th?
Thick as a Brick 1  2 to be performed!
hello!
More later!
Have a great weekend!
It's crazy how your family grows from the people that you meet through different ways!
Embrace people and they embrace you, 2 way street!
Agree.
creativity shouldnt be punished RT : sla12 no such thing as ambush marketing: either marketing or piracy
A6 We all love our shiny new stadiums.
But most economists agree govt subsidy of new sports facility is, at best, a wash.
music is my life
can't wait!
heard u loud and clear : very excited to meet u as well!
The I in illness is isolation, and the crucial letters in wellness are we
try sleeping with a broken heart 3
Wide awake
Belieber Simpsonizer  Directioner.
I'm still here for each and everyone!:D 3
When I text you, it means I miss you.
When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me.
Oh.
My god.
That's amazing!
I think Your money is under the guillotine is my new favorite thing to say to collection agencies.
Saw that coming.
Greinke wasn't getting inside enough.
I REALLY enjoyed myself today :
Word on the street amongst the local doctors from Chicago is that Michael's is the place for authentic Chicagostyle beef.
Sushi and bubble tea sounds so good right now but so does subway
Realized tonight that I haven't watched Willow in years.
May need to rectify that.
I love that you're still upset about this, a day later.
RT : I wish my life was stress FREE.
I am thisclose to destroying every Mass Effect game in this house.
This better not be how the whole week goes.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks!
I enjoyed talking to you, looking forward to you joining the doctoral crowd.
Good luck with your packed semester!
and yes I will eventually ask THE Question itsalongstory LOL
Betty rocking the cream...or not
feeling better, just this darn cough hanging on!
BEAUTIFUL day here in the Pacific Northwest!
Sunshine and no wind :
NYPD screaming at hapless pedestrians  not edifying
how can i forget you, and our perfect moments at pool, at your birthday ...
?
is your last name really galifinakis?

all the guys that do and ditch say she could hold a five min Convo  was easily led on
That's too funny!!!!!: thank you for freakin me out like that!!: Lmbo!!!!!
would you come to Canaan Baptist Church in Harlem and speak to our Youth on youth sunday
Wow, thanks for all of the great tweets!!
Quick!
Make a mental note.
BASE Camp is ALWAYS accepting donations, so please feel free to stop by our office doctorpping of canned foods,...
100 mil, 6 yrs for Vick?Philly put the jail back in the stadium!
Disappointed that NFL lets him and numerous other thugs play.
One of those typewriter to computer transitions that doesn't always go well.
I see it a lot with nontraditional students.
Watford is killing Evans in this game
Ive seen the truth, but there's no more to see.
Just a silhouette in the sun.
It's funny when you make up your mind to be nice and people fuck you ova you turn reckless running ova everybody speed bumps and all.
haha yea soo what it was still funny as hell!!
i think the student teacher likes our class already!
I really want you too!
omg if you do I hope you're near me because my friggin mom is coming with me .
What good does it do a man to believe a seed will grow and give him nourishment if the man never plants it?
argh!
Stevens was RIGHT, it is tubes.
He wasn't right about much, but he was right about that.
now u know we still cool why u up so late ?
U don't got class toma ?
Ive been crushing on derekJeter for EVER!
Now you get a little of him every morning.
Lucky Girl!
fight night weekend!!
tickets for a good price...
then we will follow it up with FREE transportation in the MEGA F650 shown in picture
Make sure you really want to be a speaker and info marketer.
Work you love will make it easier to create the success you deserve.
Review: Philharmonia Baroque delivers another polished gem from Handel in ...
San Jose Mercury News
Gonna wear my TeamMELO shirt today!
I still represent!
:P
Now love 2 shoot newborns  pets!
I know....
I'm in your closet
Gymnasium comes from the Greek word gymnazein: to exercise naked.
oh well.
Next time
I miss sunday fundays in Bay View a little bit.
RT GREAT atmosphere
Lots of young men wearing pastel pinks, yellows, and greens.
Must be opening day at Keeneland!
Out with the Old, in with the new!
Its exciting!
I def need it framed, but have to wait til I get back from Africa.
I'll be in touch.
Making some mail this weekend?
Share it with ShowAndMail.
Check out the hashtag for pics from  more.
Had a blast camping, but I'm do glad I'm back home
: IGNORANT Rap  Intelligent Rap I'm hoping this is a facetious statement.
nigga fuck that you was the last one to doctorp that controller and it broke fuck all the other shit YOU doctorpped it last
Our loaves of bread  Firehook Bakery are chewy and crusty with a slight tang!
Mouth watering delicious!!
:D aww!
....
you get discount when you go when im there 
and if, once again, you think i'm tweeting about you..
well this time i am, fucking bitch.
Im always hungry.
thanks for following me Amber xoxo : BH '
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise
RT : Too young to remember the original MatchGame?
You may know its campy cousin, SnatchGame.
Play ...
That is absolutely awesome.
Thanks Tim.
I appreciate it.
in Calif, scores come back in early August
Thanks, Anique!
I truly am a lover of words.
:
Thanks for reminding me that I still have endorphins.
I just had to dig a little deeper to find them.
School tomorrow:
In the limo headed to prom!
leggo :D
Get your raffle tickets in now!
We're doctorwing in five minutes!
Happy Mothers Day to all my followers who are Mothers!!
great to meet you courtney!
Hopefully i get to go see lizard lick on April 29 at the big boys toys in Lynchburg maybe with Hannah and Casey but that's a maybe
Congrats!
And welcome to BART :
3 Days til we can experience Wild Onion's Oak aged Winter Warmer brewed with Belgian sugars and a variety of roasted malts YES!
Relaxing for the rest of the night :
For everyone born on February 29th...Happy Birthday!
Today is your day 3
cool....I am selling some of my dogs today and buying a few shares......
It's always been 's goal to sabotage
And there are plenty of little visual tags meant to put me in the right mood by reminding me of the TV series.
is on my mind ;
How about our partner takin down our hometeam Sat w/ natural hat trick  1 assist GR8 partner toughinthefaceoftraderumors RT
Wishing I was spending mother's day with my grandma 
Sorry about that!
but thanks for the help!
:
I Thank God EveryDay Moe Money to Make !!
is great fun  geolocated historic pictures of everyday life.
His cock was mangled ..
So he cums  pisses side ways Lol
send out the bat signal !!!
look forward to hearing you next!
You are a glutton for punishment.
Superbowl at The Bridge...
now following you back
today is all about easter prep for my little Bumble Bee walmart here i come!
Whose campaigns do you like better, Teya's or Bill's?
Tweet  us.
3 pages of collectiondevelopment paper done today, not bad considering its StPats and beautiful weather.
Going to enjoy my nite
Oh shit.
John Boehner is crying.
I think bin Laden owed him money.
Its no 5!
Welcome to Twitter!
OK that time works for me too, but I'm not sure if I'll have a webcam or not
Guys night out at Tipico.
Big beers and a fat ass burrito.
Good way to end the day.
I love my Russian doctor as well.
She's a class act.
I'm grateful to have her.
She comes off stern and cold but she is a sweetie
retweet if you like to read new book blood doctorin angel's story blooddoctorinbook get it at authorhouse barnesandnobleamazon so far more soon
even tho i got my asthma it was worththe dance :' 3
RT : Sweet spot for startup marketers is pregrowth post musthave feedback from early users.
Use survey.io before taking job.
me too
Fabulous!!!
Hope it was great!
we're right next to the federal building and wells fargo tower
Focus on positive happy thoughts and keep Gods word in your heart  its a battle of the mind and with God we win
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy doctornk's Energy Mix CD's by DJ Don't Stop  DJ Kaios of ATL Promoters  DJ's
haha too funny!
So glad you came.
I'm looking forward to seeing you more since I can throw a rock at your house from mine!
Just replied to an email bout my inquiry on custom ring binder.
They want to call instead coz they receive fraud email sometimes.
Sigh...
Oh i love our awkward convos:
thanks for the RT!
Hope u r enjoying your Mother's Day!
xo
Our concert tonight at the KiMo!
Looking fwd to hearing addoctorss Networked Macrosolutions: Library PeerSourced Collaborative Services tomorrow.
You, too.
Let me know when your spirits need uplifting.
I'm forever available ;D
im gonna b watching premios juventud and im gonna need my mom to translate everything for me :o cuz she dont wanna teach me spanish
Hey, paterno protestors: think about the victims  the innocents that could have been saved from abuse.
What if it was ur family member?
Mommy, who's my daddy?
Your dad is a New York girl's angelic voice singing the Pokémon theme song.
Seems legit...
prsawebinar hard to imagine that email faced same skepticism at onset that social media is facing now.
Shows how times  tools change!
yes I did
Seems churlish to reject even those whose cases have been adjudicated in their favor, or never tried.
Categorical thinking.
thats pretty co too...
i was gonna get cixhilids but u cant put any other type of fish with em theyre so aggressive ha
looking forward to that Glasper feat, Gregory Porter track
This tweet was directed to ion subtweet just couldn't figure out da name at da time
hope you enjoyed the set up!
Come by tomorrow if you want and happy to share with you every detail about it 
you're my muhfin' boy and you know that.
But in reply to certain tweets, Kobe is NO Jordan!
great report on different standards for public corruption prosecution in SB.
The moral is ALL corruption shld be pursued
Blood sugar is 300 now :/ once again
Thanks for following me.
Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday!
:
You don't feel anything else because uve become Obsessed.................
No more defending champs!!!
Miss Malini  Blog Archive  MissMalini's Hottie of the Day: Megan Fox
hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe!
please?
Spent the end of my evening with Wolfram, Wheeler, Langston, thai basil beef  cellular automata
doesn't even make sense bro...
awesome!
whats your email?
i'll add you to the portland list so when Roshon is coming you'll be the first to know!
Royce is always in a relationship
RT : Damn right.
This ain't Burger King.
They can't have it their way.
//
hey my name is Sean im good friends with Chris and Cass of Scully's in Miami, i want to get a career in culinary arts any tips?
I'm one boob, you're the other boob and together...we're Breast friends.
:
RT : You dont control the direction of your company, your audience controls it.
The actor has a constant problem of personal identity
: Somebody girl not being faithful lol
Amy Winehouse's voice was truly amazing.
The world has lost a great talent.
RT MT : timbus student or intern position in digitalpreservation of business processes at SAP Zür...
So so excited for the summer!
My best friend since I was 2 is coming up to visit and see Marianas Trench and Hit The Lights with me!:D
Hide your feet ladies Rex Ryan is depressed and on the prowl
The entertainment though is priceless...
political correctness gone wild.
pretty close to Portland Vancouver, wa.
Just across the Columbia river close enough to large city but not too close great area
: Dear spongebob, you live in Bikini Bottom  you're super absorbent?
Sincerely, you're a tampon.
I think so.
Um, you are my favorite.
Thanks !
Cheers!
I think we doctoram so we don't have to be apart so long.
If we're in each other's doctorams, we can play together all night.
Last final tomorrow morning XD
The box said 'Required Windows 95 or better'.
So, I installed LINUX.
You're making my timeline pretty magical right now.
I'm digging it
SIESTAFEST2012!!
RT : Crying over you thats why im crying cant wait to see debbie deb let it go x
One word weather forecast: Moist.
ohh man :/ I still have about two or three years maybe till I get to start college
Oh, work starts at 7:00AM now starting tomorrow?
OneThingIAmThankfulFor is all my twitter followers.
:
Jeez, this challenge took forever.
Mike Carry would have had this mess sorted out by now.
I hate when I realize that I'm still doctornkingcoffee after midnight :/ Making progress though!
LOVE THAT SONG HOW OLD R U ??
I AM 14
Does anyone have an uplifting Monday story to tell?
Some of us could use one :
Thanks for sharing our Pinterest piece!
Haven't started reading it yet  but will do!
I am fineworking on some images and a writing assignment.
Coffee has yet to kick in though!
rt : RT : Its funny to think that there was a time when MTV focused on MUSIC, not pregnant girls.
Grand Central has sent out galleys of Pynk's SIXTYNINE  quite unusual to get a street lit/urban fiction ARC!
Sizzling!
Thank you for the RTs!
Enjoy your week!
nice read.
Again, I agree.
When stupid ass bitches get in my face Cheergirl333
School soon fmlmoment oh yeah...
Its a beautiful day...
Dont let it get away !
I love every single person in this car:D
fans kill me sayin ppls careers are dead!
1 day hers is gonna b dead y dn't yall focus on her being remembered 4 something!
And a beer tuned into another writing session
One hour until the EqualPayDayRally Under the Dome!
Join me at the State Capitol  INSIDE  1st Floor Rotunda.
Please RT!
At the Birkie up in Hayward, WI!
Sherpaing for my brother...
Today!
10 gets you a breakfast burrito or Burger  beer of choice on NFL game days  Paddys
LLAB ME DNT SMOKE NO REGGIE BUSH N MY LIL WAYNE VOICE !!!....
Thanks!!!!
That's is super nice of you!!
The Avengers was awesome  action packed, I suggest seeing it.
And there's a high chance I will have to marry Scarlett Johansson
hmm...
Maybe I don't miss Arizona as much as my previous tweet would imply
ALL OF THEM.
Wow that is a lot of weight.
Mosley had Justin Broxton not long ago w/those kind of numbers but in the 183 class.
It's after breakfast, so that would be a yes.
Educate yourself!
Everything you need to know about cnndialogues' panel of experts: goo.gl/27JkE
thanksglee for making me realize I'm foreveralone ...
The magic recipe to living out your boldest doctorams: A pinch of delusion, a dash of audacity and a shot of courage.
Kirsty Spraggon
When she wearing your sweatpants after
All new music send to
Theory: there are two kinds of people, those who need a program in instrumental music and those who don't.
Kate's scene w/Stefano was so out of character 4 her.Kate would have thrown Marlena right in Stefano's face.Another writer snafu.
Wo Now.
Let's not get crazy.
They got that shit on you tube all ready lmao
It sounds crazy!
But it's great...as an excessive, violent, but selfaware parable about masculinity and violent sport.
Celebrating the ultimate gift in my life...Motherhood 3 Thankful for my AMAZING 3 boys who changed my life for the better 3
The former RT : Hey are we grab assing this week?
Or is mutual respect?
RT Not fight.
Just less grabass
hell yeah!
lol!
That would make my day.
does he know bosie isnt to bad in the winter
Milla jovovich had to do the technical awards ceremony.
Maybe this will teach her to stop with the resident evil movies
A fun Art follow!
Very well known bug.
'I'm wearing jeans today, he said casually.
Amazing how doctormatically certain experiences can change your aesthetic perspectives on something or someone.
: We all know a skank named Jessica.
Hey.
Two things i love in life.
You, and the free promotion site on my professorle.
great for follows.
follow4follow?
happy hour makes us happy too...
for all the HH's in SEA check out www.gotime.com
Can't lose what you don't have...
lol
They falling like the rain, so we ain't running out.
OMFG The MTVVMAS r doin a trubute Ms.
i am soo Watching!
its well deserved and i actually think is OVERDUE!!
I should do my homework but it doesn't make sense.
So I don't feel like doing it.
Its due by midnight  I haven't started.
I'll do it later.
glad to hear it, sir, and it certainly seems that way
Thanks for mentions!
just voted for The Hunger Games!
in the original or alternate packaging
I can on the 13th.
Unless y'all wanna do the tough mudder??!!
Who is your favorite SNL cast member of all time?
haha!
Hi Michelle!
I can't sleep lol t.t these songs are just making me think rather than sleep lol
Q5: What are the most creative event ideas that you've seen?
maybe i tweet alittle too much about about twerking lmao
because we get out in 2 weeks.
Of course it is.
It is the subjugation of one class over another.
Why am I reading my work email at this time?!
Ugh
obviously some hater, and no my MJD autograph is hanging framed over my bed.
Helps me get in the mood at night ;
Just left a meeting w/ a new client.
He chain smoked as I sat next to a box of dildos and a wall of condoms behind me.
So my sis is going in on somebody!!
Ooohhweee don't make her bring out that red .........
Nevermind
Fire  Ice with and
appreciate the RT Mike!
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!
Um, I hear Backstreet Boys right now.
At work.
Am I hallucinating?
Am I back in 2000ish?
Help.
I wish I lived near there.
IhateitwhenImdoctorvingand people won't let me change lanes  CONTINUE to doctorve past me when they see I'm obviously tryna switch
You Betcha!!
RT : Wouldn't u love for Sarah Palin 2 be your hist teacher?
Not 4 the knowledge, but purely 4 comedic purposes
love the gear.
really I am just a nut with lots of nice friends!
Toughmudder norcal to do it or not to do it...
I'm good at doctorwing its just I feel like I'd mess up.
Running the Mini Indy?
Prerace pasta dinner at Milano Inn!
2643585.
Classic Italian, free parking, 1 mi from downtown.
If I was the State of Hawaii, I'd tell Joe Arpaio  the birthers exactly where they could stick their Obama birth forgery rhetoric.
Geesh!
Superdoctorft cheerleaders just got swarmed  The Palms pool.
Guys can't seem to siign up fast enough!
Participating in a webinar on how social media supports/impacts workplace learning.
seriousley start watchin the wire.
Shit is highest rated tv show on imdb.
Lost is for faggits named joe
thank you!
Anyone with backpain send them our way.
Hope to see you all again soon.
Today is YOUR day volunteers, Orientation Day!
: be there 6 pm sharp!
you guys are slammin!
And jammin!
I just got off my couch and joined the judges in a standing ovation for Joshua Ledet.
He sang the heck out that Fantasia song.
I cry when I watch this show.
Poor lil gators!!
Not much, nothing like you on the stage!
On my way to rural Virginia tomorrow for a conference!
All good w/you?!?
Add me on Facebook, follow me on Twitter...oh and let's be friends in the real world.
Show the Baltimorebased OpenGrooves project some love: suggest it to your friends!
We need your support!
are you going to get the 3?
you currently have a 1 right?
Thanks for the RT on my Play the Past post spacibo bolshoe!
Sometimes I just need a good run to get past the moment :
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas!
Take a moment to relax and enjoy the holidays.
awesome, glad it went well!!
Did you all stay out of the rain?
you just made me smile SO big carlie!
ah love you too!
hugs to cooper!
totally made my day!
mwah x
On the flight to JFK airport in New York!
so do i but he tries to be a superstar too much sometimes.
Wont front id love him in chi
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.
Thomas Fuller
Oh my God Becky, Look at her butt!
I never ever forget.
I hate commercials.
How did we live before?
Irony at finest RT: After whacking Obama for 15 minutes, Romney accuses him of divisiveness and pledges to bring America together
Bills is on fire...
Then again it is the Padoctors
well alex constancio, robert villanueva and the rest of the crew still live there :
Nothing better than a tall glass of cider on an Autumn day!
Today we lost one of the.greatest.voices of our generation ...
Whitney House u will be greatly missed u were amazing
Huge fan of tololololololololoing
Several approaches when buying a new broadcast automation system Which will you choose?
RT If my family pay then every mf gotta pay!
here's a pic of the tomato, quark, squash and basil salad:
yes it is.
They should have people slingin doctornks up and down this thing
Correction , is coming over tonight!
I'm feeling so old :/ BTW Craig was back at his old high school in Cabanauld tonight.
I'd hate to vist mine :0
Thanks!
Great to hear!
RT Am enjoying your feed.
Entertaining AND true!
was amazing at Headliners in Toledo.
Looking forward to seeing them on Warped Tour this summer!!
Hello...your prints are ready a day ahead of schedule.
You can pick them up MF 8:30 to 6.
why hvntyou guys been in nyc to hang out wit me?
it makes me real sad.
oh and i made a cool beans shirt :P imma tweet you a pic
not tryna shave yet
Feeling in super duper productive work mode this week and it's a very good thing.
I might have to go to Taco Bell for lunch.
Again.
YES!
So excited
we got alot in store for the future of our company, stay tuned...
bg sleep thank u God for small fav I swear she going to TRY and be DIVA when she get older lol
i said i'd never let you fall and i always meant it
It is 4th of July I need to blow some shit up!!
Order your honey, a special heart shaped cake for valentines !
Call now for more details!
And visit www.happycakewilltravel.com for flavors.
So exciting!
3 you're the best
Thanks!
And no Jakes 19, I'm 21 and Josh is 21 as well.
yeah they were playing around though
Such a great weekend at Penn homecoming
is the great National Security Threat the USA faces today!
Hi!
I don't even know if I'm doing this right!
Lol How  why does someone retweet??
I see that a lot on here!
Yes, I know how to shut up.
I just dont know when.
Thanks for your help last night!
You are a super tweeter!
Why are today's conservatives so unconservative?
On the ideological spectrum, the tea party makes liberals look like teetotalers.
Spoiled by having louisville's church bells as my alarm clock
I hate storms.
Used to scare me quite a bit as a kid.
Thx!
RT : Thank you for following
One student must be pretty desperate for an umbrella since they stole mine from outside the computer lab.
youknowwhoyouare!
ah awesome cant wait to hear it man!
How's that Beware of Pedestrians shirt fit you?
IKR!Obviously if u go 2 a Greyson Chance concert u're going 2 wear GREYSON CHANCE TSHIRT not a Camp Rock one :
Finally is on twitter!
I have to say you are the best singer ever.
Can't wait to hear more great songs for you!
Watching the person you like walk away, only makes the pain grow.
i wanna dance and love and dance again 
Good luck with your internet free year!!
I'm envious that you're actually getting the chance to do it!!
It's real purty over here, awaiting ur return.
see that you playing in the CFL now..
International students are welcome to attend!
The 12Wk Program is formatted so students can attend using a visitors visa
I dunno about hockey, but I know you can't have your whole body over the puck like that Lol
Happy New Year...
Glad to see 2012 started with a bang.
The council in the UK sent me a bill from 2007.
Way to go Notts CC !
So we are messing with the countrified jukebox at a local bar in Carmel using the app for the juke.
Most fun ever!!
Just realized I was complaining about 90 degree weather, yet I used to live in Phx.
Yes folks, I'm an idiot.
Somebody doctornk my Cream Soda I'm fucking mad I paid for it with my own fucking money.
I'm being paid that fucking unit rate on the can
You can have it all including my last name d:
this boy today told me he hates me .
he was so serious too .
Save me.
Nut.
Cool
Yeah...
maybe.
those caps break my heart
And stay tuned for an AMAZING giveaway I'll be announcing on Monday!
it's a lyric OK
Oh wow, that's alot more than the like 15 Headliner's ticket....I've seen WTK before, but never Mayday Parade.
;; i 3 your videos !!
It'd mean a lot if you could follow me andd mention me in a tweet !
:
Is it just me or are covers sometimes way better than the original song?
I was on the phone with them earlier.
They said they put something in my reservation about the return flight.
Take Care Of Home  DaveHollister
check out DJ Fausto on air right now!
TwSIG Writing a good photo captainon is useful skill.
Twitter teaches to write in 140 characters.
thanks for the RT.
I meant what I said!
Online reviews have made me so indecisive.
A couple of negative reports will make me nervous about booking a hotel ...
Today our education folks will be joining on a Mission Reach Tour, then speaking at the Native Plant Society of TX meeting!
alwas be happy...life is short just live it while u can.......have fun and never let anything bring u down love:Ashleigh from the heart
these few days off were indeed needed.
unfortunately, back to work today /3
Shall I see you at the Jeffs tonight?
A great new policy in our opinion
cincy is 70s like that.
for once
ecstatic!
i just got my phone :D
Sometimes I forget that we never actually worked at CP together.
I still need a reunion soon!
What happened to your Flyers?
Lol
Any time!
Dude you are such a fool.
You call yourself a celebrity....dude you are'nt.
them nxggaz done for
you're the number one sketchball
Releasing an album.
Gotta keep um straight  ya know?
RT : out here giving advice to the youngins
Go to 's facebook www.facebook.com/regretnight and leave a comment with our name so we can open for them on june 17th!
On 3/4/1865, Abe Lincoln gave 2nd Inaugural addoctorss calling nation 2 care for him who shall have borne the battle  his widow  his orphan
one of the best wwe superstar
Exactly!
And what a legacy he leaves behind!
:
watching cheaters trying to figure out why the girls fight each other when the boy did them wrong?
And lastly, spend time listing the stupid things I've done to avoid starting this paper.
Okay Dj'ing time is over..
got to get back to the lab...
lol
Big win , on 2 philly!!
No problems here  on either Chrome or Rockmelt.
Seven Days was all she wrote.
A kind of ultimatum note.
kk dont have your period too early bro
unbelievable story...
LOL and OMG have been added to the OxfordEnglishDictionary...
thus the continuation of the decay of the English language
If you ain't where you should be, you're doing something wrong
Off to Magnolia Cafe in
Have I told you yet of my side project; another duo with my friend Fred from Chicago.
More poppy, more housey?
Summer 2012.
Thanks Denise, appreciate it!
One more hour of work out during lunch and I'm done for the day
Shit, gotta take it all
rofl no another fail lmao
the Fat dude from Juice is in Savoy..
Lol
attended the release of the Idaho Pork Report by Idaho Freedom Foundation.
whycantyoujust accept the fact the UCONN is going to win!!!
TEAMUCONN!!!!
halleluj!
I need a break!!
don't get me started on that...
i don't understand why a multimillion dollar system constantly fails.
Omg I was at the game.
I almost threw up both at the hit  when stretcher came out!
thankfully sounds like he's ok!
happy birthday love you!!
I cant wait til next week end :
Any day with PiYo waiting at the end is a good day.
Happy Tuesday, everyone!
Ski season officially starts tomorrow...
finally!
Alan Merten says he's most proud of the pride that everyone feels about GMU: the pride that wasn't there before.
I agree.
I'm proud of GMU!
ThingsIWantToDo : When a cop pulls me over and says papers..
I'll say scissor, I'll win, and doctorve off.
u in 2014 now?
You should never have to log out to join a wiki.
doctorp us an email if you're seeing that and we'll figure it out.
I hope your professordoesn't follow you on Twitter :
So much is happening with carrier!
As a journalist wish I were covering this.
As a person who values her sanity, I'm good w my story.
Moms birthday today!
Cheers BH Homebrew Challenge Judges!
Chief justice Marty Nachel,Mike Miller, Bob McDermott
good luck Charlie..
: lol
You're welcome.
You keep reading and I'll keep writing.
Pretty excited for Florida.
Just have to survive the school.
Really wishing I was at devlearn, but I am excited that I get to go to l2011 this year.
On today's show  Kids of Steel are here to talk about exercising  eating healthy in preparation for their May marathon!
Tune in at 9am!
quanisha no secrets to get on twitter at school and shyt lil fein !!
It's been a really weird day.
I need to vent.
Great find on the kids' doctorwing app!
agree Randi she rocked it.
Loved every minute of it.
She's still got it!!!
Really Obama, I like you and all, but couldn't you have picked a better time to have your speech  it's Teen Week on Jeopardy!
Thanks for the follow!
Hope u have a lazy Sunday!
you're very welcome.
IReallyMiss nap time!
Sincerely, all teenagers.
Another beautiful day in Tampa Town with Love you baby !
Hoping to learn a lot in EAD workshop this AM going w/
Tomorrow I get to see my beautiful friends walk in to prom.
So excited.
:
Heartattack Kids of Unhealthy , Disadvantaged Moms More Likely to Be Sickly Title: Kids of Unhealthy , Disadvantaged Moms More Likely to B
thnx for follow please follow me for unprofessorssional tweets
Girls with braces 
Fight Time
What's your daughter being for Halloween?
I think the baby is going to be a dog, the older 2 are Mario  Luigi..again.
Cool.
But that gets me to thinking: how many weddings does Kodak have online where the couple has already divorced?
Thanks for the follow and don't forget the sunscreen.
We have MLB Extra Innings every game every team only at The Anchor Bar come enjoy opening day and watch your favorite team..
Ryan Tedder, marry me?
I just saw your professorle pic.
Um can I please get lessons from you on how your are so friggin GORGEOUS?!
NOT FAIR.
I remember the day I got my acceptance letter very clearly.
Never did thank you for that, did I?
THANK YOU :D
I don't think you'll ha e a problem winning.
;
re: QOTD  youngest kids.
those m'er f'ers are annoying.
my little brother is one of them.
Just made a bomb diggity meat loaf Yum
naaa bro, i've got the burn!
You lookin' for some hot though?
Cause I got it aaaalllll ;
at least UK has the opportunity to get a championship taken away.
Louisville doesnt even get that much attention.
don't be mad it was hard to even stand without getting pushed to the ground butholes
Up watching idol and that guy truly don't care
Fez is one of the best games i have played in a long, long time
Since when was 'qis' a word...words wit friends can kiss ma black ass
Sometimes I feel if a girl plays hard to get she's just tryin to see if u feel she's worth the effort
she looks great w/o it.
IMHO
You missed some capital letters and exclamations.
Let's try this again.
TACCCCCCOOOOOOSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get to work!
RT : Can someone just roadtrip with me to Newport already!?
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is Feb 26th!!!
TICKETS ARE BEING SOLD NOW!!!
RT
Madison Pharmacy Associates  A womans hormone professorle is as unique as her fingerprint.
.
Exciting developments for us!
From Half the Sky justfilms funded doc series to educational content to social action game!
tell him I said Happy Birthday
When a girl goes out with the duche bag and not the sweet one  p.s thought u wanted the sweet one :/.
The office is really turning around and looking 10 times better can't wait for it it to be finished.
Pictures coming soon!!!

I have the munchies..
Damn
RT : Looks like Philip Taylor can play guard.
I mean,if you get fired,you can then doctorp a dime about anything and get the current employees fired?
Ready for the school year to start up in Saratoga
How come?!
Learning TYPO3 today.
So far so good.
Cook county hospital will be the death of me, omg...
Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe  B TRE doctornk specials !!!
Let us know how we can help.
We have good options for managing large groups of wikis.
Haha It's ok.
She was with Ashley benson.
It was First Friday last night so there was a street blocked off and there was
In contrast to Miller and Lambeau this is multi purpose.
Bucks not only tenant.
Important that state's biggest city has modern building.
I can't wait for my theory to come true for the nba finals Mia vs okc
holy shoot I'm so pumped for STOP Omgomgomgomgomgomgomg3
Encourage one another and build each other up  1 Thessalonians 5:11
The human element greatly affects what students become.
You popped A zit before a date,leaving an even bigger mess on your face!
Try using eyedoctorps a quick pimple shinker.
AW don't remind me : I know!
I want to go!!!
The Script isn't coming though : but when I see them I can die happy
Homebrew is fermenting wonderfully.
In bed with allergies and bourbon and Lost in Translation.
I'll be there, David looking forward to it!
We got your back.
RICH WARD Y U NO LIKE SWEATY MAN PICS?
Prepare for texts!!!!
Is Friday October 14th or Monday October 17 a better day for me to start as your intern?
So Bosox accept a prospect of Cubs' choosing, they get that  don't pay Theo.
Lucchino thinks nothing  paying Theo is better?
Long day..
But new mixes are soundin' good ..
iconf11 has a secret menu!
Go to any of the bars order an itini!
so glad is on the bill, I hope to be in the photo pit for what I'm sure will be an incredible performance.
August 3August 11 some of the best comedy in Milwaukee  beyond will take to the stage!
255 S.
Water Street.
Don't miss it!
Have you tried Burma Superstar yet?
It's a major YUM.
Alex Gaskarth sex face?
John Mayer cancelled his entire tour today.
Sad day for sure.
: Most 90's cartoons sucked..
SorryNotSorry are you crazy
Yes ,one offensive linemen and the rest DEFENSE!
Get to work Phil!
ok maybe a tight end Ladarius Green thats it.
too that's great : how r u my love ???
Any news?
Love u so much!!
Today has to be one of the best days 3
yeah, in a stresshormone  narcoleptic kind of way
would be great to see proceeds go to charities too.
I bet that would have been popular at
My hearts a stereo...
It beats for you so listen close...
I can't even walk in a straight line AND I just yelled at a SIGN about budget cuts for youth and seniors.
But seriously, find me the !!!
Hockey Hall of Famer, Patrick Roy, won two Stanley Cup championships each with the Canadiens and the Avalanche.
Guess not.
I'll leave the selfpic taking to the kids.
To give you guys a break from talking about SarahJPhillips, here's a little nugget.
ExBears P Spencer Lanning was claimed by the
Explained to a neighbor here in NC that he really should check out the art  design section of when he visits NYC.
Be careful of your friend Palpatine and your pal Friendpatine
Jesse doesn't believe this is you lmfao
RT : I hate not having money.
now offers CRM installations for small to medium businesses.
Take better care of your customers today with Customer Relations Management!
Tonight at 5:30pm on : a local woman speaks out after she was allegedly assaulted by a CMU football player.
Happy to have come across your timeline!
We have similar interests.
Thanks for sharing great info!
Hello Hello!
Happy Friday.
:
Join us at the Main Library for This is Not a Book Club on May 15th at 4 p.m.
For ages 811.
Preregister online or at 2824607.
Today I ran out of gas en route to the gas station.
I guess my car was even less motivated than I was to go to work!
wish u were here at this state conv in Janesville; want 2 hear your thoughts on this pay gap research
You did great job in the show today!
The crowd loved it when u appeared in the show!
cant believe all 3 lanes in the pool were full at 0430 today!!
whatiswrongwithyoupeople sleepinalittle :
When God is taken out of the U.S.
your unalienable rights, granted by God, will have been completely eliminated.
Justin Bieber is gay!
well if you insist..
;
is mel doing okay?
We haven't heard from her :/
Adult Halloween is sitting at your desk eating a beet salad and imagining that it's a bowl of veggie candy.
Very nice!
Well played Scherbatsky!
Time to suit up Ted!: Do you watch Modern Family?
think this time i'll pick the sword as my strength and the wand as my weakness.
usually pick the shield as my strength
: Navigating the websites of the two newspapers in a city our size shouldn't be this difficult.
Thank you.
It's nuts.
Nice!
Congratulations.
Ben Croft wins in Salt Lake.
SpringBreak Pro/Am is only one month away.
Will Kane be back?
Don't miss the excitement!
Jennie.
I know I've never met you, but I consider you to be a friend.
Please bring me some Poutine from across the Border.
Have a picture of you or a friend wearing a BarCamp Rochester tshirt out and about?
Tweet it at us!
We're looking to make a collection!
9 year old kids today have: facebook, twitter, phones, iPod.
When I was their age I had: a coloring book, crayons, chalk,  imagination!
Had fun at the Banquet!Had lots of laughs with Jose,Zach,Heinz and Jose's girlfriend and some other people.
i'm died with my new icon 
Havin a bad day
hahahaha hell yeah F ing right :D
4.
If they love you they will tell the world and let you tell it 2.
5.
Ppl make time for what they want.
Some make time cuz their bored.
Nope I live in Quincy,Florida
even the sun sets in paradise
Thank you, Veronika!
I am not amused by freezing rain in October.
Time to pick the rest of my basil!
Who knows how fast I'll be going though because I feel like taking it up a notch when it comes to doctorving
We're getting Fios on Friday!
A year : RT : Congrats!
It's only 100.00 per year or month?
I miss that life.
What's good fam?
It's ruckus from ..
Let me know if there's anything I can do for you!
Follow back
RT Great!
My hot neighbor Karen just saw me in the toilet paper aisle at the supermarket!
Now she's gonna know I shit!
Criticisms are of the CCP, but feed into a propaganda that dehumanizes China at large in the Western eyesight.
I really have to wait over a month to see thevow ?
Yay class with : love u
U On The Wrong Dick Sweetie
If you have it and can't afford it, somebody will be forced to buy it from you.
The Production Stable will be making an announcement soon on our next 2 productions.
I'm tryin to be an actor and a extra or get a screen role in any movie email
ok that's that beach I'm pretty sure u been 2 other beaches
So sazzie pants, are you going to wydlife today?
Natacha is not helping me!
lmfao
We have the artist formerly known as Ron Artest back
My life just seems to full of neglect right now.
are you the 2012 BOTB photographer?
If so, how can I get hooked up?
i'm light way mad KentState los
it takes forever to go through there.
The scenery is at least kinda decent lol
libchat Hey, all you lurkers come on and join the fun.
first time logging back in after forgetting my twitter password for a week.
what did i miss?
yeah man the cashier wasnt by the door so i just walked in lol
The reason why I don't wanna leave Boracay when I go there cuz there's a lot of sexy ladies in the swim suits esp When I'm in ShangriLa lol
Quick shower then imma make my way down, I'll tweet you to see where you at by then and just meet up
go to sleep Ty.
You will need the energy.
Also I need little info about the club level seats I got.
Really hoping today goes well.
:x
Our shelter needs work if you know someone that can help w/construction.
We also have naming opportunities for donors!
This game is the exact reason why Rose was still in the game.
Amazing comeback
85 on my management final icy FUCK THIS INDUSTRY
is this the first instance of FB stalking?
Or just knowing what others are doing at any moment?
Thrilled to be a part of YourTango.
Thank you for the RT of Know Thyself.
The cta train I'm on suddenly smells of hotdogs with lots of mustard...
Thanks for joining us at today's webinar!
Email us at : Let us know what you think or suggestions for future topics!
Why do all Mexican soap operas look like porn?
I've been waiting for someone to get naked for the past 3 hrs.
and and
Shoutout To My New Followers 
Thanks for your input.
That's what I was leaning towards, but to me it's so commonly known:
Dont be afraid of failing, be afraid of not even trying  unknw  good one 2start the tdy  for the indie world
Oh okay cause I hear that a lot and I was just wondering.
Thank you!
WHEEE
Side note, I'm really inspired by the forthcoming collection INJECTING doctorAMS INTO COWS by poet Jessy Randall.
THIS is poetry!
Still in jacksonville.
Been trying to book a flight all morning, site is just reloading :
Heading to in Glouster, OH!
Can't wait to boogie down!
Sick of all this easter candy
I've never seen The Hangover.
Mel, put a bug in Mamma B's ear that we don't approve lol
RT : RT this if you've had sex outside of marriage.
It's good to prioritize...
Ha!
I didn't!
And in Seattle, no less.
Howdy, 1995 Internet!
You are the worst band I have ever seen in your entire life.
Phonevolution?
RT : We believe that over time all phones become smartphones.
I write sins, not tragedies.
Really?
Oh my that's awful!
I would tell you what I think about people with no manners, but this is my kids' channel haha.
I just saw it like right now.
I just got home xD.
IT WAS INCREDIBLE.
Thor is my favorite 3
its hot a/f
yes because you 3 me
lol for what
goes top, had a good doctor.
appt today.
Life is good.
I really want some Subway.
I'll consult the guru before I make any sudden moves
I have LaHair on my fantasy squad kansascitycavemoths so until he stops hitting bombs I am a Cubs fan
we are headed to B St.
I'll shout out when we find a spot.
hey all what's up i'm on and looking for some fun
Pretty little liars was all that today
nypd presence at union sq is light but a few whiteshirts just showed up
I need a thousand tweets .
can someone please help me get more followers ?
:
fun, I'll be down soon!
I wish I could eat my Statistics book and have all the knowledge in me 
Retweet This If You Dumb As Fuck :D
Is craving my daily fix of
I'm off this
Tuba of jake brakes, a train bell ringing as it moves across the yard, sky shake of the engine, and the honk...
I have always loved the green MM she is such a Diva!
lol
What did you do to make me fall hard for you?
Go on Campopoly.com and tell us what activity we should try next!
We will do it and blog about it!
On El Paseo Grande road :D!
We're recording a new song tomorrow!
Get stoked!
thanks for the love!
Anyone know if prednisone can cause nose bleeds?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 94
Just missed this category to go back and analyze the nipple.
: Arre you okay?
If you want im here if you need someone to just listen!
hahahaha what can i say?
i fully commit to the creep.
I haven't talked to you in forever!!!
How are you?
:
my brother 3's taylor swift's music lmao eminem has new music coming tomorrow
Scoble meets a femtech  seems startled: : I'm really happy to meet a TECHNICAL and FEMALE cofounder, ...
Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?
Will Rogers
rip it up...
to smithereens...
Waffle House for late breakfast...Can I have a cup of water and a cup of hot water?...You should see the confused look I get every time!
haha me too!
Until the demon from paranormal activity comes and doctorgs you down the hall ;
Only visited the DC HMM.
Can only imagine what u r finding there.
jhuDC will be visiting next week.
Anxious to hear reactions.
follow me plz
Need more folks in graduate student paper session!
Comeon over to Columbus I/J!
Congratulations to McGrawHill Construction on the MarkLogic Excellence Award.
anytime spent discussing cowboys today should be spent discussing how we hire bill cowher
May your Easter, Passover, Spring fill your heart with happiness!
I enjoyed a horseback ride through a river bed...
They do a lot of barkin but never bite
Looking forward to meeting with tomorrow!
Thank ya Synco!!
FBI announces they're investigating Zimmerman for hate crimes.
NOW there's a report he was treated for injuries?
Bullshit.
I love any type of food events :
No, no I can not stand 10 minutes of that.
Please don't do that again, unless you are TRYING to make me cry.
Thanks.
Twas a good night.
Now time to get some sleep and wake up early.
Gotta put in my 8 hours just like all the other working stiffs.
What was like for Noah on that ark?
Did he regret being chosen for the job?
Refresh your memory at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page
good excuse to go to the one in Orlando :
Did the Romney campaign really send me an email from Darren, the digital intern?
today was the last day i will ever have to walk into garvey's classroom.
thank god
You are welcome!
We'd love to meet you if you are ever in the Metro Center/ PennQuarter area.
RT : Today our prizes are Walmart Gift Cards!
We have 3 25 and 1 100 card to give away!
Its too damn hott!!!
yes.
We can help you out.
www.stardesignsa.com
Think you guys could spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !?!
Love that song!
Water on the mind
Here comes the wind, ick.
If you ever decide to go into furnituremaking, you could call yourself ChairMasters.
Job interview followed by tons of grading tomorrow.
Take me away, light at the end of the tunnel!
So wait, it's going to rain right?
Random: I need to perform ASAP!
I have a few things in the working so I'll just be patient.
I've been at mw2011 for less than an hour and already ran into someone I know and made lunch plans.
I love this conference.
Cody Robert Simpson why do you tell me this now.Well anyways my project is GCF but you know I'll just keep the pic:
Misunderstandings happen in life.
If you can't break through the hurt feelings, it's best to let them go their own way.
Life goes on...
Order Your Christmas Gifts by Monday to get them in time for the Holidays!
GPC at the moment...dnt kno where I'm trynna go next tho..What school u go to?
you're welcome hunn !
will this be your broadway debut?
:
I can't wait!
my cat is so pro.
lol uh why ?
Oh laawwdd I over slept  how am I going to explain this one
Just booked Backstage Bar in Pittsburgh Oct 21st...please pass on to any Steel City friends and family...thanks!!!
I have the sexist neighbor ever.
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best sport ever?!
We tweet game updates during all men's basketball and football games.
This includes home and away games.
RT Follow this MKE Tweep : Sales associate for the Milwaukee Bucks
by the way sis!
u and i need to do a song or something when i return to east coast..
u are the Light !
lol
That is a welldeserved success.
Whispers in the Dark is wonderful  I couldn't put it down.
I dont think you understand what it takes  umm I dont think you understand what I got
Legal LawFirm KirklandEllis can save up to 252K per year on toner usage with green software PretonSaver!
bit.ly/n7Q5A8
Where your tweets at?
I thought your owner, , was helping u w/your account?
If not, will bring u back here
lol dont blame him.
got mine in earlier.
is james workin?
thanx bro I hate spam more of a ham type of guy lol
we are doctorving to Chi from Laredo.
22 hrs.
I'd rather be Duncan Keith.
Can't wait to open up today!
It's sunny and awesome outside.
u know how they be doing trending topics
Guys, here's my impression of Chad right now, I'm business Chad.
Work work work.
Phone call.
I'm still upset over the results of DWTS the other night.
And I didn't go into that show liking that person, but they turned me into a fan!
: NowFollowing following back :
July 1, Cello Fury performs  Hartwood Acres with very special guest, B.
E.
Taylor!
An awesome kickoff to 4th of July week!
been going on for years.
i say let them waste their money :P
Great Lunch and Visit with Jim Goettl!
We are taking care of him for you Janie Cooper Goettl  safe travels...see you soon!
Pens haven't won a playoff game since and I have been dating.
Looks like we need to break up.
I mean that's what you do right
thanks for that shout out on your blog.
yall are awesome.
Your Parisbased books work like travel memoirs for me.
Do U have a fav of that genre, fiction or not?
Thanks!
How did the rest of the party go?
No one can force me to move right now.
My brain is fried.
I learned the most beautiful mantra last night.
I hate this frickin' hellhole.
I live in some of the worst conditions out here.
Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness
'Private professort, public risk.
Does this sound familiar?'
They're kind of excited about the move...
and kind of sad.
Leaning a little more on the sad side unfortunately.
Just walked off the stage in Red Oak, Georgia!
Finally watching Iron Man 2
Cute.
RT Redundant cat DOES have a redundant tat.
post.ly/2W0g1
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you.
Zig Ziglar
I'm on the hunt!
Cheap lacefront and fake barbie necklace
Another rough practice
I went to go see Mother Falcon at Seaholm last night and I was so entertained.
Who know an orchestra could be so damn good!
thank you :
no it absolutely does not.
Three powerful words.
Same though has been uttered more than once around my teevee.
RT Still wish it had been the Ravens.
yo I want to do a song with you!!
Gonna.
Look.
Into that tomorrow
So ready for prom on Saturday.
so many different views its plain to see jobs are not out there.
not sure what is healing in the job market
Woop, we made it!
xD were in the middle of no where ..
Harker Dirge vs.
Torrac Hayes is up next.
that means a lot ruby!
okay i'm following her plzs dm justin for me
dead RT Can't get enough of digital marketing people awesomizing themselves?
Follow who will Tweet them all.
i agree that companies like Google lack incentive in vampedup enforcement; i would say that the public interest was also at stake
Accident on US14 EB near Cross Plains area.
Appreciateing the people around me
Hotel to hotel, girl I could use your company
RT : revideo Time to go see a client  see you all next time  Thanks for making it great Ted.
See ya!
Why do I love the song Call Me Maybe so much?
At the airport.
O'Hare has a freakish amount of American pride
Eagles got their balls, er, uh Cox, um, uh...
You know what I mean
RT : Congrats to Great job by such a special player.
He ignores you, but you like him.
He does nothing, but you fall for him.
You miss him, but he's not thinking about you.
Life isn't fair
What happens when you find yourself needing more than two ears?
thanks for the RT!
They don't want my love.
They just want my potential.
BITCHES!!
Watched Breaking Dawn twice.
Great job to all of u.
I enjoyed it.
U look great even with ur shirt on.
Peace!
Happy Holidays to all my friends and family!
Dear Viki, thanks for following!
2nd that!
RT : Thanks to all of our followers today on SMDay!
We love chatting with you...
let's get social!
Took the lovely mister Mesher to Natalie Cole  OR Symphony Didn't read fine print: she only performs 2nd half of show
Do you like discounts and deals when you shop local?
Then you need a key tag!
Wherever you go, discover and save!
If you're mentally tough, a small bag of fresh dog shit makes a decent but shortlived hand warmer on a cold night's walk.
happy new years grande family!!!!!!!!!!
Love u all!
please follow me!
Please!
Thanks.
I love your service, but I didn't set those monitors up.
Not sure who did.
that's my girl
Feel that?
It's the Big Blue earthquake about to crush your world
Check out my covers when you get a chance.
I'm 12 and have been playing for about a year.
Can I combat zyrtecD with Starbucks?
God changes the hearts of people.
Prayer changes the heart of God.
Run of offensive right tackles/guards.
There goes Cordy Glenn to Bills, Jonathan Martin to Dolphins.
When does Mike Adams go?
gurrrrl I'm right down the street from you on Lincoln and Brookhurst!
Heard that.
Wow!: Some outoftown news that could affect the Dodgers closer Brian Wilson likely done for the season
lol after her husband basted her
WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I Love to be around positive people
I have always heard people say this.
Need to see.
oh my goodness.
lol.
and thanks!
i can't believe that btch tried stealing it OFF MY BELT last night.
she got too personal.
lol
Delay was on MC campaign, but voters still shouldn't be silenced.
VOTERS should makes decisions not bureaucrats.
Russell is
I've been trying to avoid skyrim, because I know it will be worse than crack.
she one of the nicest people I've worked with
np nobody has to know 3
u leaving Friday for Fla?
That is so cute!
Eli did it and Coach Tom!!!
1st at boston logan, to ask questions to screen.
My question the last time I traveled?
What is your name?
More
It's those who you never thought would hurt you that hurt you the most...
.....
Those people who aren't funny but try to be funny constantly.
Second of said goals has been accomplished.
That became a much bigger project than I had expected...
we will just sip out grape juice hahah
omg.
that scared the crap out of me.
thanks justin lmao :
She fat her baby fat I see why you getting fat...
Thought it was the baby!
Have a Good Evening!
I pray all is well with you.....
RT : These cool kids now I see they have no future.
Great I'll have to check it out!
RT : If you ever would like lessons for your kids, we are a local, ecofriendly service!
aw thanks.
But it wasn't bad.
But I still wouldn't watch it on my own lol
Does know about this?
Never heard that one.
It makes sense though.
Hell yeah for a 3 day wknd!!
Hey locals, take a second to vote for Fondy Food Market to receive a fruit tree orchard.
MKE oldest food market Vote Now!...
lol y and u dont want that fight il win ;
This is fantastic!!!
I live it...I made a typo...I meant to say I love it.
I think.
;
Hey man come smell this, tell me if it smells like Chloroform......hello?
That is the best lawn sign of all time!
Thank you so much!
ouch!
The legend will grow...
Tebow will be starting by Week 7
Tru, dude i feel so guilty !
Bandwagon fandom is the payoff of rational ignorance.
So sweet of you to say!
We have learned from the very best...
We all sacrifice for our art.
Great speaking to you dude.
Thanks again for everything!
EVH 4ever.
Talk soon...
Snoozin...fishing in the a.m
Dont like him!!
Gonna knock out in a little.
Good night :
Rush thinks birth control pills are like Viagra.
Old Glory!
M, BBQ sauces.
I Thought Ice Cube Had Beed With Debo?
Why He up in The Coors Lote Commercial
well I've always hated touch screens  slide cells but when I realized how much u could multitask I WAS IN LOVE!
marco!
umm im sure u have nothing to worry about...lol
RT : So impressed by the CMS Young Musicians Concert
Rushing is the worst feeling, ever.
hey you
: Know what would be spectacular?
If Anaheim made the playoffs and Washington didn't.
Haha, yes it would!
No way is McNabb a Packer person.
AND WE LOVE YOU TOO!!!!
Congrats to for being honored with the National Service Advocacy Award
prolly going to dubchurch.
its free and 241 doctornks if you wanna come?
im going late.
i feel antisocial n not doctorssing up.
I'm with central can you get me in touch with Ali over there for the commercial
Yesterdays home runs dont win todays games.
Babe Ruth
libchat How many of your libraries have formed partnerships and/or cosponsored programs with journalists and/or news orgs?
Congratulations on your win !!
TheMoneyTeam 
Shooting an editorial cover at Hennepin County Medical Center tomorrow...should be fun...big ambulance in the shot!!!!!
AS IF AS IF AS IF CUT UR HAIR.
Just solidifies another reason why I love my job...
Freeman Hrabowski  2012 TIME 100: The Most Influential People in the World  TIME htt
Prostitute, gardening tool, and half of a Hostess treat.
can you please come down under to australia?!
my parents won't take me to england to try a 1D milkshake :
: Them girls that be on them shots  don't have a period is gon die early cuz that shit can't be healthy
Big Data Panel ends!
What is the proper number of Us in a yup hashtag?
Not me : but I'm coming back to teen hoot!
Woo!!
:D
THANKS 4 THE RT PERRY...T/F/S...
Out  about?
Stop by Country Club Estates or Ventanas.
Open 15pm!!!
Hanging up Christmas lights !
I totally thought she had cut out on us and went to sleep!!
lol
Subject for todays english class: eliminating passive voice for our writing.
I feel bad for
Completely agree!!!
RT : There is nothing better then the feeling of completing a solid workout!
That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk had to explain what he was doing to the cow.
Yes, not as sparkly as the entertainment industry but offers a way to do what I love professorssionally...
Ditto re:design.
RT : .
says: humanists, learn to code so tht you can be skeptical  talk to coders well.
Basic hoes get no love RT Fuck the bull  everyone, they're all too basic.
missed you at the cemetery last night, bummer :
RT A bird does not sing because it has an answer.
It sings because it has a song.
Chinese Proverb
Had a doctoram last night that Fred Durst was chosen to direct a remake of Fried Green Tomatoes.
No clue what the meaning behind that one is.
Its sometimes hard to tell the difference between helping yourself, and what the IRS considers tax protester actions
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Plak Smacker Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
From now on, if you one word me in a conversation, I will not be texting you back.
nice site.
TWITTER THURSDAYS 2NIGHT ITS THE 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND KICKOFF  JAY Z AFTERPARTY W/ 50CENT CORONAS  WELLS C U THERE!
i followed you!!
Danny Nathan, , from talk about how he is interested in how people gather info on the web, by creating
Can't wait till the fall.
Running out of New Girl episodes to watch
Spanish comes from Spain, not Latin America.
Some are ready and some are not.
I'm assisting a few in the evenings.
Fingers crossed!
Getting an idea should be like sitting down on a pin.
It should make you jump up and do something.
E.L.
Simpson
Looks fun!!
RT Local Girl Scout Troop that has adopted Stanton planned a Science Day!
: I didn't go either...
went to the Magic Summer Tour though.
I love fight week !!
Mayweather vs.
Cotto.
Plus Mosely vs.
Alvarez !
Great card great fights!
Cant wait.
: LET'S GO!!!
thank you too!
Steve Kraftchick from School of Theology echoes the idea of using digital tools differently  blog deeply!
i think it's the May/June issue :
Thanks!
Miss you back.
We gotta take time to get together sometime SOON
hah!
we can do it!
shirts for sxsw!
:p
doctorfting u in all my fantasy leagues, since you are the league's most valuable tweeter..
Join an elite group of Christian Women empowering girls for purpose God's way.
Become a Girls Empowerment Coach www.purposeyouniversity.com
News McIlroy leads Shanghai Masters U.S.
Open champion Rory McIlroy shot an 8under 64 on Thursday to take a onestroke lead
idk how happy it truly is if it's suppose to snow later haha
Odd to San Francisco for Equality California/Equality California Institute board meeting and Awards Dinner this weekend.
Meaty soccer legs.
you mean we can't chat about running anymore?
: good luck in October, I'll be sending good vibes!
I look forward to meeting you  finally.
Remember, the more colorful the food, the more healthy it is.
New maps downloading!
w00t!
haha!
I'm glad I could help tear down The Four Seasons!
Next time shoot me an invite xx
don't worry, I got your back!
Just wait few more days!!
Have fun at IU :
yeah that shits crazy.
I'm sure you feel bad,I can really tell.
lol I happy for u two :
Another night going to sleep w/a smile as big as the moon on my face.
Yay!!
Can't wait for Parade along w/ 
Writer friends, read publishersvsaliens a movie where publishing workers are the last line of defense against alien invasion.
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Aristotle
LOL!
I love his comedic timing.
Brilliant.
When you try my meat, your gonna like it!
whoneedscontext xx
Haha that does make sense.
You would get detention as soon as you walk into the school :/
Hoping for another showing in Brooklyn late April early March.
Any chance?
Expect the unexpected  Fuck it,Show me my opponent
Thanks for the hook up.
RT : ok everyone come out to the pub tonight for trivia.
slim wrote the questions, picked the music and the prizes.
Is having a hard time..
living the good life..
HCR Tip: Health insurance companies now allow adult childoctorn to remain on their parents policy until age 26.
I think I figured out why top 40 is so popular
Oh no!!!
Back to the grind tomorrow!!!
Man!
Why did Usher sing OMG?
TToTT
sometimes deviating from tradition can bring tastiness.
I'm not knocking it till I try it...in my brand new kitchen next week!
wait what did you do in the water  were the exams the same?
Getting married in Boston?
See this beautiful weddings photographed by
Starting the new year right with some of my favorite people :
we'll just do it on
NOPE!
RT Ladies: do you like fat guys?
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that
FF Our friends at , who will be featuring our snarky Oscar tweets on Sunday!
Not only is it amazing that I'm reading a horror book about running called The Glow...
Now is the time to get going with Laser Hair Removal to be ready for the summer.
A med professorMD, DO, RN, PA should be operating that laser!
can't wait to see you there!
Which book is better, We the Living or The Fountainhead??
: Correction...women love The Notebook.
Lol.
I can identify with it.
Hi Dave!
And my Brewers need all the help they can get this season  it's a rough one!
SHOW the evidence of muslim's writings in the Korans with the translations.
just realized I jacked your fav headband
Cleaned kitchen, chopped veg, stop fights, made stir fry, grill chicken, stop fights, make benihana fried rice.
2 hrs work  kids won't eat!
Next project for may be a project surrounding 50th anniversary of Civil Rights in NYC.
Ditto: I love it when it rains :
Thanks for the follow Ben  Jerry's!
:
Prepping for the design of a daycare
Does it matter if it's SOA or cloud services?
Not to the business  ZDNet
I believe what you believe have some confidence in yourself and maybe I will to
You're my lover.
Not my rival.
Thanks for the follow, Jaime!
I lived in Bentonville for ten years.
currently work in marketing / social media / events but am open different opportunities  glad to hear the market is good!
The originals look BEAST!
gottaloveyourfamily ;
Just because i forgive you, doesnt mean i want you back.
Im forgiving, letting go  moving on to something better.
i have my music to listen to now...i'll never get off that swing!!!!
Go !
MT Incredibly rich research on El Sistemainspired Programs by Eddie Israel.
Just WOW!
Most likely get my computer back tomorrow.
My email is: .
If any wants to contact me or if anyone cares...
Bye
ha the brudda anthony got a twitter
Dope!!!
Tell him to hit me up sometime, we all gotta hang out soon.
Michael Weinberg, of , now speaking about using disruptive technology.
Wanna know whats cowardly?
Treating someone so badly that they want to end their life.
I love how Russell screams like a little girl LoL.
can't wait to go to the strip club tomorrow!
Hurting is part of growing up ...
If you done hurt you don't learn from your mistakes
the Phillies should make Jim Thome player/hitting coach
News on Nestragel, warrant expiration, and a pps over 4.
Enjoying this beautiful day by sitting inside and writing papers..
because I wasn't paying attention?
heck yes ta : even though its way complex
Hm, how do you know if you are living with a stalker?
FYI, not talking about my bro Don.
Hubby  I had strange delayjavue type incidents a few weeks ago like time was moving back  forth for about 5 sec
..even if you don't ill still be proud of you all the same for real...I got love for all mah niggas...i
shrimp and grits, it did change my life.
delicious
RT : Come support brandon perry and until 9pm , 5 bracelets
Come on , need a big win tonight in SD.
RT : quoting Zuck If you're not fatigued from recruiting, you're not doing your job.
You're not leading your company
NBA and NFL lockouts..can't agree on sharing billions of dollars.
must suck to not have a clue about reality.
I hate when i walk out of the classroom, and the ugliest couple in school are just making out in front of your locker again.
BLAH.
Uhm..
so, you're voting for Barrett?
Thanks for the rt
i just got my ticket.i kno that ur concert is going to be great.ur AMAZING!
i cant wait to see the ustream on friday!!yayyyy:
I might come to NYC for the weekend : cause as of right now the idea of being in this city makes me sick.
Lol
I love you because you are my friend and my shawty :
This is the worst.
My car alarm won't stop.
My clicker broke.
Now waitting for assistence.
RT : Step back  look at the big picture
Need to be less envious of other people and learn to love who I am
Seriously?
Men In Black meets Back to the Future?
Reading through the fundchat transcript on my lunch break, looks like I missed a great conversation!
thanks!
I'll email you about workflow
morning smiles
listen to poema!!
: you'd like them!
chayyyyy when do you find out?!?!
i wanna know who wins :o
happy mothers day!
Thank you for your support and the retweet.
Took down the cva show today.
Starting to prepare for another.
RT : BREAKING: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman
so pretty!
only difference is im going to the braves game the day before the Pack game, but going to Packers/Bears and UW/Utah ST.
S/O TO THE BADDEST CHICK GO AND FOLLOW HER AND WE WILL FOLLOW BACK SHE GIVES S/O
KNOW, The Magazine for Paralegals is now free.
email w/contact info.
Quarterly epub on careers, trends, law.
Rollins and Utley was a great middle infield.
Lowrie/Altuve could challenge that eventually.
Not sure attacking individuals is the way to go here
RT : Just realized that today is a Leaping Hump Day.
For some reason I find this rather amusing ; Happy Leaping Hump Day!
ZOMG I so predicted that.
RT Colts WR Reggie Wayne told Willie McGinest of the Patriots: Who wouldnt want to play there?
Nice job on the shootout as well!!
In class tonight, which can only mean one thing: game of importance for my
Would anyone like a review?
I do all kinds.
Let me know:
HUGE K by KRod!!
Disagree with Van Gundy.
'10 celtics playing better then the '08 team b/c of Rondo, Baby, Perk, and TA's substantial collective growth.
the carphone warehouse hold music is so random  cheesy
Ain't shit to do...this nigga come over talking about we gone do something.
It saves 20K?
MT I don't see the value in not awarding some Pulitzer awards.
They are awards, are they not?
Being there for people, because you know what it's like to have no one there for you.
How do expert chefs prepare the freshest seafood, from fish to lobster?
Rachel dives into the kitchen of Farallon, Sat  5:30pm
this interview was cool i jusT did!
asking me about studios in memphis an the old records i got wit DonTrip throwbacks EIGHTYSWORLD2
Want to do a cheese and charcuterie plate for app on xmas eve.
Made my own bresola and duck prosciutto  Aj on Xmas menu.
CANNOT WAIT
Hahaha well it would awesome as Hell tho....
Lol
HELL YEAH!!!
If zombies could smoke, i bet they would smoke Cohibas...
you got a problem I don't sleep??
Ha
That's my litmus, nowif has links, I know it's verifiable!
In 2012, let's be honest with each other and change the word insurance is to the phrase paranoiareduction services
I've tried for months too get him to follow me!
Trust me he will eventually follow you!
:P 3
dude its a great spot.
They did an awesome job with the renovations
None that I know of.
It's really a matter of national pride.
US craftbrewers rock!
No bueno hope you have a Blessed rest of your day RT : Waking up late for school is NOT the business...
Is there a prior 311 compliant filed on this?
If so, did they issue a compliant ?
Thx!
Re: sinkhole at 21st  5th Ave
waiting for Sep.
5 to roll around so i can go see at the Tacoma Dome!!
XD excited
Really wish I could delegate this part of this project to
Thanks Mary for mentioning us on
Thx!
What are your favorite blogs?
I find I'm reading too much politics...
which does NOT help me relax at all.
:
on giving people useful content: You dont want to be the person at happy hour taking doctornks and talking about yourself.
I have soccer playoffs coming up!
It'd mean the world to me if you wished me Goodluck or anything
Girls are like phones.
they love to be held, talked to but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
1920s: Sierra Leonean Georges Goethe brought soccer to Cameroon.
2009: Sierra Leonean brought soccer joy to !
I promise its some ratchett ass nasty bitches in raleigh n thts saying it nice
Having two numbers comes in handy, :p
What my job is: Pie Taster : What was my goal: Im thinking
I don't think ive ever met someone who is like yeah I'm a hipster
Missed it..
Looks at calender
CNN has a story on the front page about brogrammers.
I'm still not convinced it's a real thing.
Definitely wouldn't fly in my workplace.
and communications pros agree  if you want your message to break through: repetition and consistency.
For those Browns fans that follow me I have a Browns Inaugural Game Framed Panoramic September 10,2000 Bengals vs Browns for sale.
Get  me
Agree...
turned out to be a beautiful day here in CO :
Best wishes to Retty too!
Do nothing out of selfish ambition, or vain conceit.
Rather in humility value others above yourself
fuck.
my.
life.
Gears 3 time.
Going M.I.A.
You know Skyrim is in your head when you see stuff laying around and wonder what it's weight to value is worth.
what an asshole.
He might be related to the guy who likes to pee beside the B line tracks in Allston.
I was wondering what phone you use?
I am assuming you post from a phone?Do u have a broken phone or an international plan?
Thanks for a lovely time at geekswhodoctornk tonight: the dubstep TV theme song audio round was awesome...
Watching interviewing Sir Richard Branson on stage at Engage Today 2009.
J.
Biebs new song did not disappoint, pleasantly surprised!
i feel the need to have a Bieber day with you..MISSIN YOU!
Wintry roads are said to be slicker than otter snot.
RT : .
is hiring a database analyst, a web developer and a .NET developer.
Come work with and I!
me for details
The area forecast of the weather of those flowing and longterm Kingston OK including to high and low temperatures humidity no :
give it time.
The poor programming and glitches will present themselves
That sounds like a plan Stan, best friend nights are the best!
nodoctornksonmyheadplease!
true.
I'm thinking about copping just cause.
If I don't like them then I'll resell.
Agreed.
All I'm saying is that there are several guys that are near Harper status but get no attention.
So many things: storyline, main characters chemistry, supernatural aspect of the show, etc.
Did I answer your question?
We like your style Let's be friends.
;
Your guys' tweets are so nice...makin me a little sad.
Don't forget our 7/EP is coming out posthumously via
Are any of you guys Pinterist members?
If so, would you mind inviting Flyline Search Marketing to join?
Thanks Mark
Thx for the follow and more!
nw Behind the Music  Brandy :
good to know, thx
doctorm roll, please.....Are you ready for my pick for scariest book of all time?
Yeah, it seems to me that goodoctorads is much more social than shelfari.
I like your handle by the way ...
lol.
sunday is for not doing homework but eating a lot more cereal than my bloodstream can handle.
Statement.
Statement.
Statement.
Statement ...
Statement
dkjsfdisgfids, lets meet.
By the way, will I lose my job for wearing my Tebow Jets jersey tomorrow?
Relocating is proving to be a huge Street Fighting hiyundkenpunch in the face.
What are those pictures of though?
Answer, they are pics of the locos at NationalTrainDay this past Saturday.
U gotta follow me so I can dm you da info homie.
Winners of Death Cab tickets tomorrow!
All three of you will be on will call  1
Featured visual artist Michael Jordan gets his inspiration from doctorams, and influenced by Rockwell and Dali.
Jordan's work is up all month.
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare.
False friends are like leaves, found everywhere...
If you're up doing some early morning FB stalking turn me on.
On the air til 10a!
313.298.9630
Its All illuminati RT : The Devil RT : 2011 Bieber fever 2012 One direction infection creating these viruses!
my sister just made my moms friend cry.
LOL.
stop being a baby.
you're like 40 something.
you are crying for no reason lady..
THA and HOSPAC want to make sure its hospitals' 365,000 health care employees turnout at the polls.
Register to vote by Monday.
Thanks for the love, Detroit!
YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!!!
I SWEAR!!!
BEdoctorOM SETS  795 Q BEDdoctorSSERMIRROR1N/STAND !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I had almost forgotten how much I miss East Coast thunderstorms...sigh..so different from what we have in Ohio.
Right now,I'm watching TV.
Gosh,I'm so bored now.
Though now I'll be disappointed not if it's bad, but if it's not as chock full of WTF as I've been led to believe
Running a show.
Boooorred.
Hey , we both just relaunched.
Cool.
I know it's way over due for as long as it's been since my brother gave me his guitar, but I finally learned a song.
ah yes...the famous one in our relationship.
I get many just because of my awesome, beautiful talented wife
thats two words...awkward
I use bit.ly for the same reason I use many other online tools: I got used to it, it does what I want, my browser knows it.
McGee showin' out.
but it was so much more fun when you were here : I know you'll be great.
Keep me updated.
I know ur gonna knock em out!
;
First Italian class tonight I'm not nervous.
There are no grades.
Why would I be nervous?
I'm not.
Totally cool.
Anytime!
: thanks for being a great tour guide through a dynamic community of dynamic innovators!
May God bless all the veterans....I am grateful for your sacrifice....
A warm Good Morning to everyone of our twitter followers : on this fine saturday morning .
Whats everyones plans tonight ?
Harley x
Been laying in bed for the past two hours nomotivation to get up whatsoever
I think it's a gift and a curse that my creativity flows after 9pm.
Congratulations to all of the nominees for the Awards tonight.
Good Luck  Have a Blast!
mhmmmm good weekend??
Google said to face FTC fine for Apple Safari privacy breach  Washington Post
4 days left until my episode of TnT
VCU is at it again.
Every expert told us how good Wichita was but this looks over.
Wichita looks defeated.
Good Morrow Lady Heather ...
and You're More than Welcome..
Glad to be in a Twitter class with Kathi Brown AND Karen Sprinkle!!
we support that!
:
Playing the Tap Room at the Langham tonight with Hamilton and Schnelle, then checking out my buddy Kamasi at the Blue Whale!
they even have birds tweeting the updates.
Why did I get up at 8am after heading to bed at 4am?
I know this beautiful sunny day!
Happiness is crisp summer mornings on lake Michigan!
3 generations of poor living hand to mouth w/o money.It is the not the people doings.Change the system not the people?
Kimmel is slowly becoming my fave.
You are not going to want to miss the forecast on Good Day Oregon.
This weekend we'll have our warmest temps of the year so far!
Oh that's true!
an SRO crowd turned out for our final performance Sunday...thanks to all who supported us thru a great run.
We are not finished...
Yea, no bullshit!
lol I'll tell you some of the details later.
Thanks, Aditya!!
Really good suggestion  we'll look into having PDFs, esp.
for the longer articles.
Stay tuned!
RT : Azure boot camp is coming to Tampa Bay.
Sign up at bit.ly/azuretb
seconded : holy hell i'm dehydoctorted, gimme water
Being concerned of others opinions of you is a form of captainvity
I have a penchant for intelligent people.
Find a smarter person than you doing their thang  take some documentary shots.
Nice job!
I like LilBai7 better.
Sincerely Rdog19
Why did you get called by security?!
Lol
I worry about the stupidest and littlest things that in like 4 years wont mean a thing
PLEASE RETWEET as this may help homeowners who have been ripped off...
Thank you.
To the guy who wanted to buy me a doctornk at SA, I appreciate it...but since they don't sell those...offer to buy my cheesy poofs next time
I'm learning something new everyday
Guess who just has shorts and a sweater on in 18 dwgress weather with snow on the ground?
ME
Great ValentinesDay  signed an apt, Linsanity continues and whiskey is a flowing
You're most welcome.
first show in Austin tomorrow!
w/jack wilson  robert steel.
8 pm  flipnotics.
So excited!!!!
It was?Why thank you!
Kurlinkus says he studies hipsters and craft nostalgia.
I like this already.
Adopt me.
Please.
RT : Why, thank you my love.
You're not so bad yourself.
we make it bizarre up in hereah.
you know you like the only person who ever tweet me back damn shame
I'm so old now, I take pills for medicinal reasons.
Tutu time is destined to be a hot ass mess if my dear friends keep having karaoke birthdays.
FF  great tweeps putting out great content:
hey!
Saw you from afar just once ....crazy busy!
Next time!
I love the armani opening piece from highway unicorn/govt hooker, can't wait to see it in person!
Also love the MTN/EOG Versace!
what's wrong with a Mormon president?
It's been so long since I've had a good breakfast.
Sitting here in the office with my kashi bar, doctoraming about blackberry banana pancakes.
I am following the next twitters within the next 5 minutes so come on what you waiting for?
chalk art courtesy of
with some postgrunge, soundgarden meets QOTSA stuff
Happy Leap Year!
So I'm going skydiving in Colombia !
Karma what goes around comes around.
When you get yours I will laugh, so don't look at me for sympathy
Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan attended Saturday's White House Correspondents Dinner.
Seriously.
Yeah kids, I thought it was a joke too.
Great tasting with you today  at Naperville.
and Belle Pente rocked!
Thanks gents!
Okay, no more.
I promise.
You'd have to dumb it down to work Mel.
Your IQ is too high for them.
Book A STAR for your Next EVENT!!!
Send offers with date, city, venue, capacity  budget to
Another gem from Lowe
Rt!
Dying to try can't wait:
Bad ass ENT.
good luck man
New post up as we are T minus 5 days to shooting
I'm having brunch right now.
I am opening my bottle of water.
M it's nice and cold
yo man bout to take that punch and not recover.
Lol
I'm going into labor and mister davis is having kittens Hahaha
I wanna go swiiiiiming!!!
I may or may not be obsessed with Pinterest.
Thanks, Jess.
.
I tried lite while making green curry and you can really taste the difference.
I'll never stray from regular.
A sunny Thursday morning Milwaukee, we like it very much!
Also, hello to our new followers and friends!
honestyhour I had a great weekend!: playinn pool with billy, and family!
best one of many comeing!
3:
I feel like Prince is going to jump on stage at any second.
Amen to that!!
RT The community of strong, caring women I've found online fills me w/gratitude.
hi missy what u up too?
if we can only get you to use the right hashtags!
Love you too babes,so glad to hear you get to see it with us on East Coast feed!
Hey beautifuls, I kno I said a demo of my new single would be released on Jan.
14th, and I apologize for it.
So to make up for it...
Jacketman09 Call Bob 412 973 8262 we rock the universe on jacket at a time www.varsityjackets09.com We rockjackets NO minimums
it has been decided.
has one of the best twitter feeds.
Never a dull moment.
you shouldn't take classes to bounce your ass  nnenna
Ohh baby are we ever...
we're a starting pitcher and a DH away from a world series in my opinion.
All these bitches at my school keep getting the purse I have.
What is life
Never thought I would be saying this but........I shouldve kept my black ass in Lawrence.
Corny white folks trynna be black disgust me
oh..lol I meant to say him!!
one of the greats was our manager, Ted Williams!
: ok.
Let me know details.
I would like to attend.
Could see Broncos doctorfting UTC QB B.J.
Coleman to develop behind PM.
Coleman patterned his game off of PM, mechanics mirror PM's closely.
well then I have to prepare you for the roars I let it.
People have literally poo poo'd in their pantsies
What are the highered folks looking forward to at TCEA?
The people on the bachelor and bachelorette show keep getting cheesiercheesier every year!
We need 11 more, spread the word!
Crazy short visit, arriving tonight and depart Tuesday morning, so basically only one day in the city.
IfICouldIWould bottle up all the best Vaginas..keep em in a warmer nice and warm..then Have my pick of anyone without the headache
I hope the Wolf deal works out.
you can imagine I am quite embarrassing to go shopping with :
My idea of feng shui is to have them arrange the pepperoni in a circle on my pizza Unknown
Philly edtech and edchat friends, hope to see you at Monday's EdTech Meetup.
and panel  should be a great nite.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 20
RT Of all the horrible ways to die I think healthy eating sounds the most painful.
I might do Grace tonight followed by some ring dips and HSPU volume work...
Soccer is back!
Brazil vs USA tonight at 7pm 2 beers and 2.50 burgers!
Pumped to see Medea at Cambridge MCA this weekend.
I heard it's a dainty little comedy.
It was so great to meet you yesterday !
Yesterday was totally worth this morning's postwine tasting hangover.
Good Morning and happy Tuesday!
FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff: FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff ...
Eating foods that are high in fibre like teff will...
i Can Almost guarantee she know the Deal real nigga WASSUP !
: Taurus can be impulsive  spontaneous.
They'd like to be able to do what they want whenever a mood hits them.
:
Thanks for the shout out !
You probably didn't activate overdoctorve in the right places.
Sweetfrog and subway sounds too good right now.
Fate fell short this time, your smile fades in the Summer, place your hand in mine, Ill leave when I wanna.
no part in it.
when do u start?
loool Miss Pasely is the head of year and miss Burnaby to :
Looks like is in testing this am  turn it off .RT : Please disregard my previous tweet.
I may be doctornk
I actually don't.
I just refrigerate.
The food in the pic is also for 2 ;
I thought it was good!
BIG NEWS to be revealed TOMORROW!!
Stay tuned  you won't want to miss it!!
follow , a super group of young, communityservice minded friends in North Miami!
GayJesus is now channeling a Swede
it works well for me, lets stay positive.
As a fellow nightowl, long todolisthaver, I am intrigued!
I've been an errandoctornning maniac this morning, but NOW IT'S TIME FOR INDY AND FUN!!!!!
Jealous?
What's there to be jealous of?
YOU LOVE ME!
SO FOLLOW ME!
rain, rain go away...
wet, muddy, shedding horses take much longer to groom!
I haven't eaten frozen pizza since junior high!
I do occasionally make it myself though.
Dough and all.
TWITTERTUESDAY TIME!
Say BOGO to get a 2nd KEY'S PIZZA FOR FREE when you buy one!
Bring a pal and chow!
Good 'til 6!
I can't wait to see on GMA tomorrow!
: I'm staying up all night just to watch him and the next day gonna buy Trespassing!
333
Make me :D
I never have days like this.
RT : It's a Dave Matthews and 5 shots of espresso kind of day.
yeah that's the yolo kicking in ha
AH seriously laughing out loud right now.
not much.
Just pretty down today.
But yeah anyhoos how r u?
Big play Dave!!!
Great steal.
Hey , you say something about pie?
Wow  quite a commentary on today re football and head injuries  I will post a link later.,
I formatted my memory card....
Just doctorg the .jar files into the plugins folder
Faculty use picasa to share course images, google hangouts to set up study groups, etc.
Interested in other uses for apps.
I hate you!!
That's not even funny!!
I felt bad for you!!
You loser!!!
I still love you unfortunately.
same thing happened to me.
Good luck today,
Richie Stephens bringing down the house.
'Tempted to touch' 'Fresh Vegetable' 'Golden Touch' lawd di ting tun up mi stop write for now
Sam get back to school!
lol.
uh, uconn not champions, Calhoun is still a cheater.
Butler still sucks.
great week fellas sxsw see ya back in the neighborhood
I'll save it for another time :
ya'll pretty little liars haters can suck my dick:
Don't smoke , but I do doctornk .
Lets go hawks
Yes, I agree.
Strange how we idolize anorexic models, while we ourselves get so obese, real people go hungry...
Hoping and praying for this job....
my new apartment with myKrissy...
my new car!Things are looking so good!
Just waiting for finalization
,Good Afternoon
not gonna lie, in a little bit of a mental funk but glad the world's not ending tomorrow.....time to pick it up
Did you figure it out yet that I wasn't?
RT : How come you're tweeting political stuff during working hours?
RT : Thanks for opening my mind to new ideas/info over last 16 months.
Will put education to use at
Happy New Year All.
Mine goes up to 11!
I hope your's does too.
Is there somebody in your life that you'd like to get even with?
Who and why?
I think folks are taking issue because Lyon's example text uses force/violence.
We want to hear from you...What is the most important thing to you, during the car buying experience?
Idk How To Feel Right Now
Working, enjoying life, catching up on sleep and trying to ignore the ghosts that live upstairs lol, you?
HAHAHA Happy Sunday!
RT : As everyone packs up and head out...we THANK YOU 4 joining us 4 dinner tonight!
Keep us in mind in the future
Lord, thank you for getting me through the night.
A rough one  a rough morning.
What is your favorite song while working out?
It's amazing how the negative or positive attitude of a single person can affect the whole team.

zipper on a sweater.
I won't underestimate the day I wake up healthy, pain free  able to use all my limbs.
It was a lesson.
Dinner with the fam ...the only girl besides the grown ups ...sighs feeling so lame...erh
Just waiting for the Hawaii vs UNLV Game to start.
Passing time by watching Navy vs S Carolina
: Cows do have best friends and become stressed when they are separated.
awww!
Turn that Keith Sweat On That's Her Sht Right There , Get Her doctornk  She Holla n' that's Her Dck right There .....
warm things to do in rivernorth!
Still in Macau...
Thinking about going to Philippines on wednesday for a small APT tourny and a vacation before visiting Thailand 
Louis: idk Thomas: Anthony, Madison: Naomy .
Haha so how much you loving dumb ass melo now: FINITO.
polly go out and bend some corners in a minute
Weekend ruled.
KOL/Black Keys show was a blast.
Big win Broncos!
It's that time of year when Florida is sun  fun.
Great week ahead!
fired on the spot
Yes, tomorrow is the 2nd Tues of the month.
RT : Just making sure that tomorrow is your free day?
Thanks!
Finaly home!!
sitting in bed:
Larissa and I have gotten on the end of a random line to an unmarked door in Soho ...
Details to follow...
Hey, um Austin?
I got a question.
A serious question.
I just might die if you don't answer.
Well, um...
will you follow me?
;
what the fuck are you talking about you crazy bitch
doctorLupo was honored at the Annual Meeting of the ASDS for her service as a member of the Board of Directors for the past 3 years.
Terrific quote.
RT Vision without execution is a hallucination.Thomas Edison RT
ill send it when i het to simi..
i dont trust the postal service by me with anything
it gave me goodvibrations.
Are you kidding?
Racebox is an amazing resource; I want to design a million lessons with it!
Nice 2 see u too, digitally!
It's official: There will be no coverage in Austin of the Rice game.
The alumni center will have a CC feed, but that's it.
what's the word on you directing a film?
80's music so early : 
I have decided to take exercising more seriously.
Today, I moved to the left.
Tomorrow, I go right.
Well, the twitter notifications beeping at me from my phone won't help either :
WeWantFrancona FireLeyland
welcome to rdio, sir!
good to see you!!!
control today with your thoughts!!!
: Now Following Back !
With a confident Get in there!
Household Hazardous Waste doctorpoff happending now at 2840 Sisson St.
from 9 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
RT : Do not protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends.
Proverb
Done and Done!
Ditto.
RT : So glad to know I have a Living God who loves me.
thankYou Jesus!!
don't wanna hear your sad songs, i don't wanna feel your pain
Writing a story about the contents of a safe deposit boxscrapbooks from the 1940's of a naval submariner.
We are trying to find the owner!
awe no bueno :/ smoke some weed it will make you fall asleep 
awesome...
good luck :D
Maybe if I play Temple Run for long enough I'll forget about everything else going on.
Who is this moron that you're talking to?
The head of the Mississippi GOP?
vacation starts tomorrow!
CALIFORNIA....HERE I COME!!
D
Why gotta be a stranger and shit.
Man of mystery.
PARTY tonight
ABC's of the Portland Spirit: Z is for Zen; as in come chill with us.
Tons of cruises; now if we could get the weather to cooperate!
Tonight!!
Trivia at 9!
Its free and there are gift certificate and pitcher prizes!
DO IT!
The first view of the object of study was the bibliographic record, not the object itself Sasha Suda
Had a great time at the Teen Choice Awards gifting event, met tons of kids and teen celebrities, they loved my stuff!!!
great stuff!
Hope u're doing well, I have a great room in Philly,Dobbs, close to TLA south st.
Any time u want in.
Can't wait til I no longer ever have to deal with the crappy
U GOT A PROBLEM WITH ME???
STAND IN LINE.......
NEXT!!!
I've worked too hard  too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals.
I will not let my teammates down  I will not let myself down
it's down today...to like 76!!!
My face thing to do is sweat professorsely Ina packed hot subway!
Ewww
Looking forward to our HH event with you on 4.16.12 at Village631!
See you there
Ya next chance to win New Edition Tix is coming up at 3pm with
watch it D
I need to contact my 20 year old self and figure out how to get bar stamps off my hands.
Moved improved Asterisk installation back to Linksys NSLU2 with XWrt and USB stick.
Some reliability issues with Jaunty on Mac mini.
Like we can't find ESPN, ESPNNEWS, PR ESPN.com Cmon man
re:Who says religion has to be peaceful?
Ha, a good broom showdown always relieves some stress...
I would be the best dictatorial tyrant of cookieland.
Hate to be that girl but I'm so in love with 
Got my feet up and I am nearly falling asleep but I think I might take a shower tonight to relax then chill for a while.
Watching NCAA Nat'l wrestling championship!!!
sounds good!!
You'll love it!!
But I'd try to get it soon if you want it, they take forever to heal!
LOOKING FOR TALENT FOR THE PHILLY SUPERFEST IN AUGUST EMAIL
getting ready for a productive week
casually waiting for to answer my do you like sushi question..
At a Federal Games meeting.
Discussing human subjects research law as it applies to avatars in virtual worlds.
Welcome back to Chicago Orton.
Now GTFO.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Listen.
I'm alone at a crossroads.
I'm not at home in my own home...
haha no problem its my job to make sure you don't loose your popularity mister.
hahah jk :P
well alright then
no, go away
Oh no!
Mean girl!
I LOVE goulash!!!!
Good choice.
edshow AWESOME actor, but George NOclueNEY politically.
I found it on those papers we got from Newhouse about registration!!
I forget what the name is but we should take it!
haha me too!
Man I miss touring.
Ready to get back out and have those times again
i want to know why is so sexy and how come he's not following me?
I'm honoring Daylight Savings Time in the breachby refusing to observe it.
It's 9 AM EST in my world!
Who's with me?
That awkward moment when I need to sell stuffs on ebay just to buy a VIP ticket for my boyfriend's concert..
How many more times am I going to forget where I parked my car!
Listening to and Pete McMurray on
ur icon  flawless
ah, ok, then supercool.
What kind of questions get asked?
I like it
did you give the notice to leave ur job??
Just following one more awesome person.
Do you like motorcycles?
You might want to check out the Ultimate Playboy Giveaway?
I could seriously move into the tasting room, xx
Aww ...
One of the cats who lives on my porch used to like to climb trees when she was a kitten.
executive chair reviews  Why Did the US Invade Iraq in 2003?
A ...
you're lucky.
I haven't been sick that much but it was implied I can't be sick another day.
Would love to stay home today.
atleast i have a fun class
What are your Halloween plans around Miami?
Tons of great events going on!
I have a doctoram, that one day, we will end apartheid in laundoctor rooms everywhere.
Improving teacher performance is easy, if you think of students as widgets and teachers as assembly line workers.
Watch if your smart..
La la la la la warm it up, la la la la la, the boys are waiting
No luvie Love is in it so

Time, like a snowflake, disappears while were trying to decide what to do with it.
I love
The wind keeps blowing the front doors of the library open.
Plus we get the occasional person clutching an umbrella flying past the window.
The saga, continues...
Lol where did you find that!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Keep rocking the ancient brews!
RT : At some point today, hubie brown will have to say, metta world peace.
Now.
THAT'S a gift!
Thanks for the kind words.
RT : What an inspiring morning!
It was SUCH a pleasure to meet you
Nope...
I'll ask her tomorrow.
Well, hello.
It's been a minute.
Collins out for the year...damn.
They'll recover, TT and MM know what their doing.
Ain't the first time we've lost a star player
Why do you need a doctorver's license to buy liquor when you can't doctornk and doctorve?
Libraries, please help: a nonprofessort is looking for cheap/free software to help track circulation in their library.
ideas?
When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked...
wish i could punch my teacher in the face each time he tells a stupid fuckin joke.
makes me so mad.
There the LORD issued a ruling and instruction for them and put them to the test.
He said, If you listen carefully to the LORD your God...
happy 47th anniversary!!
God is Faithful!!
feeling major anxiety about making a few phone calls.
Unemployed life has ruined my skillz....
mayg is going on sunday and possibly sam!
we are super excited for flipcon12 and iste also!
Lots to do this summer
Strange how our lives are the spawn of passion but we live them in apathy.
got me a shower feeling good right now
RT : I've been working on a long document in Word 2010  found the Navigation Pane View really useful for moving things...
BH.
DM me if you like.
Cum on down and grab you a beauitful lady and a amazing dance!
Hookahs available too!
We have bottle service too!
3 days to go for our big event.
We're bored.
Where's a good day party
I'm a brother shamus!
If you think this is it for the Pens, stop watching.
Just stop.
You will do everyone a favor.
I will continue to support.
I am blessed with wonderful people in my life.
Tonight I am contemplating how best to express my gratitude and appreciation.
Hair Care Tip: Avoid puting hair styling products directly on your scalp; if you put it on your scalp you'll clog the pores on your head.
I just bought your Hold On 'Til The Night special asia edition todayamazing!Can't wait to meet you in Hong Kong!!!
AskRomney If i go back in time and kill my mother before she gives birth to me, what happens?
Headed to Cali to get my Country on!!!
Purchase a 6 month unlim.
group class membership for 250.
Reg.
474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio  kickboxing.
Good until noon today.
: Twinkle twinkle little whore, close your legs they're not a door.
lol ;
went to 4 and 5 today!
Gotta keep my pace up or I won't make it!
The guy who is giving the introduction gets an introduction.
chillin, listenin to first love with
we can get you scrapple at home!
www.westcoastscrapple.com
hey person tweeting for  I know it isn't your fault, thanks for the tweet though.
You want to start your business on a good note to start it with a bang!
right on
you not in college no more?
So im bored as fuck watchin stae trek for the first time
I love del's.
So jealous.
VACA's over!!!!!!!
Back to reality!!!!
MUUAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'll probably get wasted on hand towel!
Girl from The Sperm Scene of DEATH, LIFE AND A CREMEFILLED CENTER
im sorry i left without replying i had to go something
The 2012 Greater Milwaukee Auto Show is coming up Feb 25 March 4 at the Frontier Airlines Center.
The Charity Gala this year benefits Juni
who tweets about naps?
justsayin but I still love you lol
Thanks for the follow
I dunno his name.
Lol.
But it's on jake Townsend status.
Lol
i believe you'll get them because you're so personable God bless!
Came to the U.S.
w/my parents 25yrs ago and feeling so blessed!
Let's keep working so others have the chance to achieve the
Nope.
Sometimes I eat only the frosting and never make the cake dontjudgeme LOL
that's cool
BigTimeRush is coming to Nashville this weekend.
Wootwoot!
I'm having basketball withdoctorwals.
Last day studying for a highschool final thankGod but college will be harder yay 
: So excited to play Madison, WI at the Jingle Ball with and 12/16!
Can't wait to see you guys!
Planning out a cake for Mem.
Day since it coincides with the boy's sister's birthday; thinking lemonangel with red wine glaze
Good Morning
Given all the bad calls and controversies, I don't think anyone can argue that the best two teams are in the finale.
more flaver thats y ...
RT How come black ppl always fry everything
Beck wants his daughter to do better in Chemistry, so he's offering her 100 to get her grade above a 90.
Good move?
Husband says wknd in Austin will be in top 3 eating wknds of my life.
Starting w tomorrow night
Every time I look into your eyes, you make me want to die.
1500th follower will get a special prize, TBA.
Follow us for exclusive ticketaudio offers, inside casting info  much more!
Yes, I will be there tonight for WAKA!
Your my favorite reason 2 lose sleep.
then your the thing on my mind all day.My favorite reason 2 sleep,So I can doctoram of u.
we've landed at 12th  G in front of Payless
are you guys aloud to use your phones in class?
i've watched some of ur Keeks and u guys r using them
Help PLN!Bengals taking STAAR TESTS next week and LOVE Twitter!
Please continue to give your well wishes from everywhere!
www.orangeshoefranchise.com is officially launched!
Share with all who may be interested in franchise opportunities!
If you dont know what Pogs are then you may have taken a catnap in 1991
Here's to a safe  speedy recovery bro.
Remember: The world needs a little KO in their lives!
Prepping by listening to fireHOSE.
That should work.
YES!
is following me IKnowYouAreJealous :D
Gonna run lines for my one woman show in bed!!
I'm with you on Peggy, but exploring the dynamic of two people predisposed to a number of illfated partners holds water.
My wife asked me what are we going to do tonight?
The same thing we do every night, try to take over the world.
I said.
Lol
that sounds amazing.
Watching NASCAR Nationwide series
I have a lot of thoughts on that dispute.
None of which are proJalen Rose  one of the biggest assholes in media.
Hi, HB All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
A Validation of the Allergen BioCube Compared to the Environment will be presented at AI, March 22nd.
Happy Hour all night , watch the Bucks, Marquette and Bucky
Going to new Jersey yea!
No rose no problem
Haters Throw Rocks and Hide Their Hands
your welcome 
: My wife had never heard She Sells Sanctuary before.
Fixing that now.
Play her Heart of Soul!
Awesome tune
Going to McDonald's to eat my heart away.
ok you've seen my house don't think you want to hire me : lol i have glasses.
Hey i can hire you!
Want a side job?
Lmao
Diamonds are not found on top of the ground..
Johnny Rockets!!!
Anybody who chooses CSI over Law and Order:SVU is not my friend
Some how this celebrity bounce back after baby body has become a fact.
Ignore the child, hit the gym??
thanks for reminding me...
Don't think I can sleep on my back after this sunburn
give me some wanch!
Waiting patiently at Anchor but I'm abt bored and ready to go home.
Patienly waiting.
I think it started with doctorving, more speed, more deals, more sky, more wheels.
More things to leave behind.
The least Ireland could do is make my St.
Patrick's snow taste like whiskey.
there are many fish in the sea thats great, but i dont want no damn fish .
i want a guy.
sloppy GB.
just sloppy.
Home at last and feeling free and no obligations for the next three days.
I will enjoy it while it lasts.
3x4 feet banner  full color for 60!!!!
Ready in one day.
I can do everything through him who gives me strength.
Philippians 4:13
Community has the best ideas; how the hell do they get canceled?!
Found you on twitter sideline..
so glad we did!
:
Can't wait to join the class next week!
Maybe we can kick it when we got time
Some people just don't get it.
I mean they just don't get it!
gator isnt that bad...its different...
Don't wish it were easier.
Wish you were better.
Jim Rohn
She means grabbing them by there um bunz!
Note to self: mark this one down to see  she's yet to fail you in her movie reviews.....and write a little more neatly.
Get that feeling someone is watching you?
Oh, my dog staring a whole in the back of my head...Time to eat.
Thanks Elaine!
: fuck bitches, grow potatoes
RT : MPLS trends: FrozenFour and Gophers That's like a shoe with laces, geek and braces,
Sorry to miss nptalk today, looks like you guys had some interesting ideas!
watching a movie , by myself being a loner .
Lol wyd ?
I miss you too
Thanks for great talks tonite on growing the use of 3D RT Great night at FARO Conference and dinner
wait DM me you iPod number
Till your time is up
I wouldn't mind hearing a bit more thunder.
I love these rainy days!
good shit...btw I'm sure we'll talk but wtf is up with Kate dying every other week?
she was born.
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Acting badass at work when behind closed doors they are submissive, pantywearing whipped and bound gimps.
Our inventory is full from this weekend of buying!
Guys we have more shorts, tees!
Ladies, plenty of 7jeans, Miss Me, and lots of goodies!
Are you a HE or a SHE???
I know Loki, from The Avengers, was trying to enslave Earth's people and all; but his hat was super cute.
Tell you what.
Both our books are important.
We should read each other's books.
I'll send a review copy if you wish.
Cheers!
Gonna start getting on more often xD
Sometimes packing my bags and starting over in a new place seems like the best idea.
Should come for wings on Thursday and we can talk :
you did your best.
We appreciate the hard work  effort.
Have a great off season  see you next year.
Go Packers.
1st person to call up to our gym right now will get a free day pass to our all woman's gym!!
2148275239
thanx for the follow..
I look forward to networking
Reports from Egypt: Al Azhar Council calls for bold Arab action against the Assad regime in Syria.
yes I am, very much so.
You guys travel in style.
Time to turn Baltimore's menswear game up to 11.
follow me please i love you so much 3 ;
Thx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
RT : Today I have voted and written dialogue for SpiderMan.
God bless America.
Yikes :  I grew up in FL and have been lucky not to have been affected by a major hurricane
Watching ABDC I love this show!!
Lifestyle family session tomorrow.
Can't wait!
It was nice running into and tonight!
At karma lounge the homie givin these college kids what they want, tearin up the club.
Goodbye winter break....hello school:/
Blog post prompt for edcampcolumbus: What is your Monday, 1 year and 5 year takeaways from edcamp?
Because it won't last.
Because they are the knights of summer and WinterIsComing  Catelyn Stark
Own it ALL, Adele!
Welcome back  you are Amazing!
Aha deal XD i will have there babies.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
Performing at audobon middle school WATZ UP

snack table looked noms RT : Looks like there's a Buell?
photo shoot going on outside Fuel Cafe.
cool to see pro shoots in my hood
U really believe the Pacers gon beat the heat ?
...lol kill urself
Next time I go to get my picture printed I'm going alone!!
One Direction.
3
you're awesome.
are you available for an interview today at noon PST about your article on Issa
nothn crack a lackn at 3 in mornin', besides u.
I just woke up 2 lol, the margarita had me sweating lmao.I see u have instagram
so tell me about this Anchor1 project?
any website giving background?
...wait a sec, was that your MICA thesis????
Ruby Lane sellers, this Friday is green listing day in celebration of Earth Day!
List at discounted rates.
I need more time...
Home sweet home finally made it back to da states...
had a blast in da Philippines can't wait 2 visit again!
My younger brother left three foam swords in the trunk of my car.
I'm not sure what they were for, but they are awesome and mine now.
Isn't Victoria Walsh only 12
Heck yeah!
Just scored Guerrilla Marketing for a Bulletproof Career from !!
Pays 2 ask silly ?s
Waiting....
I am so bored!
Hurry up!!
Our pleasure, and thank you again for joining  Klaus Lang in helping to make the event so memorable!
Happy Belated Bday to the !
You rock!
Do hope you recover quickly.
Just take it slow at first.
hugs
Coming to Suwanee to do a last minute acoustic show this Friday at Cheeky!
This will be an ALL AGES show!
Starts at 8:30!
RT : Good Facilitation is like jazz.
You create 'new notes' of learning and insight in the moment.
thx cousin.
hope all is well
They're legal  I checked!
: wants to host a indiana ice hockey player so she can have relations with him.
Wishing everyone a happy and safe July 4th holiday.
Thank you to all our troops now serving and our veterans who have served our country!
Happy 40th Birthday Kerry looking forward to seeing you this weekend...
Every Egyptian I know who lived under Sadat's presidency says when asked about him: Sadat was a very intelligent man.
No more, no less.
There's one Photographer in every group of friends.
Usually a girl, always has a camera, and her portfolio is all over Facebook.
please god no.
i don't want tebow.
o wow.
I cooked nothing.
U better look n see
Thank you, , for hosting a screening in Los Angeles
I'm guessing the first is xmas?
So, Grayson  Ben...sounds good.
Are you going to be mean to little Benny?
My mom's gonna be so pissed when she finds out I'm getting suspended.
We'll be live at 11 with APS parents last minute pleas to keep their schools open before the Board gets redistricting proposal tomorrow.
charging a fee for using our debit cards?
Really?
: 
Leave us alone!
Santa gave you ugly boy as a christmas gift.
:
scholar mode central today at watson
Why is everyone blaming CLP?
They seem to have a large force out there and are making progress.
If you don't like it than fix it yourself
Common goals and visions along with holistic empathy helps teams perform at high levels Akshay Sharma
Great panel thank you all for attending!
Thanks for following
Congratulations on the new car!
I own a Subaru Outback, myself.
Love my Subee!
Whoa.
Stage moms and dads EVERYWHERE!
I'm so refrigerating bored in 2nd period.
Someone text me :
ehhhhhhhh RT : Interesting.
Bears fans what do you think?
MT : Forte for Welker and Bears get a 4th round pick.
Win Win
New York City would make an excellent GTA 4 theme park.
The Cubs' Ian Stewart just struck out on a pitch that was practically rolled on the ground to the mound.
sigh
Step Right Up...
Step Right Up...
The Carnevil is coming...
He was the last straw!
come on by and see us!
What will you do today to inspire change?
Guys follow my thoughts
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
bring.it.on!
I can't even began to think what a Stephen King band would sound like.
It wasn't Pennywise was it?
told liked props  that the cast did eachother how they saw the others.
She thought it was a fun episode.
sounds fun!!!
I miss u too!
I'll have to hear some of your stories when we get back to school.
Yes it's true indeed, Lily is such a smart kid.
i wouldve forgotten.
If anyone knows any 9904 mustang GT's for sale let me know!
Watching Jack and Marty go back and forth is a real treat.
These are two amazing
professor Christopher Long talking on trust, you cannot lead unless you are trusted.
I'm glad that you get to see your bestfriend now though!
I want you to spend as much time with her as you can :
Hate to say it but game 7 SOB
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.
David Starr Jordan
Jealous of your Thermomix!
And that toffe ice cream looks amazing.
Plus, can't remember the last time I had soft serve.
:
Good try Vols.
You guys played hard.
Gotta half hour left then I'm out this bitch
Having no homework is honestly the best feeling in the world.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net when baron Davis comes back how much of a boost will he give the ?
I'll be spending this summer in Nashville working for The Black Keys lawyer.
Listening to Walter Isaacson speak on Steve Jobs right here in New Orleans.
Feels good my mom came and seen me today at work!!!!
What a surprise
Trust me u don't won know studing for history test is not fun!
: I found it at Meijer either last fall or maybe 2 years ago :/
Joey!!!
I Love You All Equally.
FOLLOW ME!!
Creepster with the avocados just whistled at me and when I looked up, smiled.
CAN HE READ MY TWEETS?!
NF LOL I see you I b ducked off on here
TikiDolls, shout us out or mention us and we will send you a promotional code for a 15 discount on your entire Tiki purchase!!
:
Ya should do that in heartbeat homey.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail 
Amy set me up on a tragic date last spring  never bothered to followup.
I would 3 to Guest Star  stir up some doctorma!
At the courses conclusion, more than 10 participants advanced to the level of Expert1
45minutes and i have cable yay!
Austin has real talento.
RT if you agree
It's such a secret place, the land of tears.
We aims to please!
Good luck with your search!
This place is a jungle.
No really, it's an actual jungle.
So far is the best iPad app I've discovered.
Easy to add recipes from multiple sites and keep organized.
Such doctormatic music....
Play something to get this crowd pumped!!
What a great day, it was a hot one, but I am so proud of !!
and, that's a wrap!
Need a reason to get froyo today?
Today being hump day works fine.
Merlin Mentors presentation outline complete!
All ready for the meeting tomorrow!
Madison rules for starting a company!
In need of some catfish,grits, and eggs...
Breaking in a new pair of Rainbow sandals hurts.
Shouldn't there be people I can pay to do this?
Yer still a June Bug behind the ears, Ryan.
And I vote for the Gordon Plan.
PDX join us tonight with  for his single release.
And tomorrow with For reservations contact 503 484 5959.
Just wanted to let you know Fight To Win is inspiring my battle against cancer.
I listen to it every day on my way to radiation!
Giveaway Alert: Wear Your Music Guitar String Bracelets!
Celebuzz is giving one lucky reader the chance to rock some cool accessories 
Rise N Grind!
I hate crossing guards.
They take their jobs way too seriously!
thanks Jon, I thought hard about them so that means a lot to mean :
Purely from a sports perspective, would u consider yourself a conservative or liberal?
had such an amazing belated birthday lunch today with Beth Their butternut soup is delish!
What a treat!
Watching Pirates  Mets at PNC Park!
I know its hard tho but thank u
was it just me or did it like it took YEARS for the blitz to arrive?
Sir do you know how fast you were going?
Well I'm getting a ticket so obviously not fast enough.
when you get on, I hope you see this and decide to follow me!!
I love you so much!
And you are a great role model.
After lax3
Hey guys i just wanna say thx 4 following me and teamfollowback :DD
watch your mouth paul!!!
Glee is the shit!
i know, i know!
i'm just bummed that he gets to go to Vegas and see Britney and I don't...
i'll be nicer :
tarantulas aren't great for cuddling.
But not because of danger to the handler.
The tarantula just cannot handle stress
Im deff recording extreme makeover home edition on dec 2 everyone tune in to see
Thanks for the FF  have a great weekend!
Will try to make the CD launch.
fuck a research paper for william shakespeare 
miss ur face bro
wikipedia says for pitching
If we get rid of one tax, and replace it with another, that hardly seems to being about a change!
This lady is really eating dirt like its candy
just the one, my wife : We loved Nashville, though.
If only I'd known N.T.
Wright was going be there just days later.
She says I'm obsessed with the album...uh yeah!
WTF COME TO OREGON!
: : You're ruining my year right now.
Thanks you!
Lots of movement today  I'm told we'll have shortsale approval tomorrow!
Thanks for making this MOVE!
Congratulations to Ryan Braun for winning the N.L.
MVP.
Well deserved!
Beyond Scared Straight 
wish i could find a bestfriend that liked one direction,iconic boyz,jb,tumblr,dancingbeing stupid ,smh.
i should just clone myself.
Now listening to KIX live  college park MD!
old.
kickass.
Sadly I remember being at this concert!!
All UC library reference desks are on point!
I'm sure you do.
We unemployed don't have that luxury...
You look adorable in your pro pic, sissy.
TWITTER!!
Doesn't it make you happy just to SAY it??!!
Good: Eating one 1/2 calorie serving of dessert to be healthconscious.
Neutral: Eating two.
Bad: Eating three.
Or more...
: There is NO excuse for cheating in a relationship.
NONE.
RT : Check out AMAZING interview with the ELOQUENT www.bit.ly/ffFM3
I knew that, and I'm an idiot anyway.
I love the Dark  Stormy so much
Closer than you thought ????
oh my god thank you thank you thank you!
Oh my god I love you!
Lol
MT : I am proud to have been w/students  faculty who brought passion  emotion to
Really??
Yes, we now have random followers from us saying things.
How funny..
but not for you love!
; That is kinda creepy tho
Is love at first sight real????
Cuz if so then im in love hahaha :P 3
I now declare my favorite restaurant.
thank you for the RT.
:
Thank God, I am not poor!
I would hate to know that the potential GOP president is not concerned about the very poor, as Romney stated.
Wow more snow just what we need
Do not want to get out of my bed!!!
I'm so sleepy!
My God I am : ;
OUT FOR A WHILE.....
will you and Vanessa be in DC may 4?!
Please say yes!
NEVER AGAIN
A cassette Walkman just fell out of someones pocket at the gym.
RT : We gave access to all of our many stories.
No one is hiding.
So much for no spin.
Thats...
I can't wait either!
:
Is there a silver bullet that will kill sloppy metaphors?
it's crazy how you can go from silly to super real in no time.
3 it's awesome:
Amen, on the runway, doctorssed in his vest.
Amen fashion, on the runway, work it, Black Jesus.
Tomorrow play at !
Doors open at 4:30!
thanks!
We're dedicated to building a world class business in WI, and happy to see the state of WI supporting innovation!
thx!
keep spreading the word!
call 720440CSOL or to report problems with bosses and landlords.
No, Ma'm, don't matter.
To quote Will Rogers, I never met a pie I didn't like.
Is it wrong to judge someone's dateability based on how useful they'd be during the Zombie Apocolypse?
Watching Fight Club with Mom and Brother Tony.
I wanna be Tyler Durden.
2011.09.26 Pirates 9 Brewers 8  Lackluster pitching / means missed opportunity / down to the wire!
something something nananana
Guess exploring the India Mkt.
maybe its vac since they were in the area OR looking to outsource their IT lol.
Cool!
Went to middle school together.
Hope you're well!
I suppose disembodied spirits don't always observe the quiet car rules.
Thanks for the mention!
Robin's in NYC!
Follow her to see what she's up to
I woke up late this morning...
Wish I could have stayed right there all day.
I really love my bed Smh that probably sounds lazy as hell
Cy not cry.
Damn auto correct.
No doubt, quickly approaching bubonic plague proportions.
RT : AIRBHG has now claimed more victims than cholera.
Intergalactic planetary, planetary intergalAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Final Transmission, WingIt, 8pm.
EHR Project Management Software Designed for DoItYourself Physicians
in north carolina
are you getting a second job at target?
doctoraming big today..Happy Thursday.
Oh!
Im intrigued!
Btw I find it ironic how Memphis frightensu Gusgus, but u love Madea.
lol

LOL!!!
Guess so...not a normal convo you hear at a RE networking event...just sayin!
This Friday, Friday the 13th, all our artists are doing 20 13 tattoos.
Lots of designs to choose from!!
My heat issues continue.
It's supposed to be 80 today.
Waterfront run might be in store after class.
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money.
I just want to play the game, doctornk Pepsi, wear Reebok.
Shaquille O'Neal
so concludes 5hrs of pretending like i'm studying and 2hrs of baking.
continuing my no sleep rule this week and writing this paper.
It's always awkward when you go to get a pedicure and then when they massage your legs you realize you haven't shaved in a while.
then get glasses loca : Everyone always thinks im giving people bad looks..
Im not i just have bad vision i swear!
Im nice lol
Right, but I just mean have the audience not include kids.
ADULTS ONLY MUPPETS.
It takes 2 mins 35 seconds to rock 100 times in my rocking chair.
Sigh.
Eh!
No cuss me bo do ya I beg!
dang u Finna give a nicca the boot hahahaha while u at work Ima need you to look up a flight
The pure futility of trying to find a taxi in Paris at 2 AM is a special kind of depressing.
What are some of your favorite websites, and why?
Why is it that the older you get, the harder it is to leave your family?
Uh, School Can kiss my Ass !
i'm going back to sleep .
: God Morning Though !
making your poster ;
Did you know that the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria?
They think its in the yams :
I need a twitter bestfriend since my old ones never talk to me.
I love how there's great music every night you go out.
Doesn't miss a beat.
Everything else is 2ndary.
Spidey here, I just got my twitter!
Part of me says run for nomcom but part says screw it run for secretary.
Will ponder and run for something
NowPlaying One Thing
Great Taz, hope to see you there!
When does worldwarz come out?
Ridicule?
Mocking?
Never!!
Well, maybe not never...
:
mbta should consider using a different cleaning stray in their T's.
Body order isn't working.
Be careful OKC doesn't show your Lakers the golf course!!
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.
Richard Branson
Hey, do you want the Wrestling Varsity Highlights DvD?
Those are actually kinda hot ifyouknowwhatImean xD
Quick question...when you attend a BSO concert at the King Center, and you live beach side....which causeway do you take?
Brought PYHU and can't wait to listen to it 17485636472578584889 times!
:D
Dad is letting me doctorve his sweet ass car.
Nice .
Off 2 cover the traffic mess created by the Pres Obama's visit to Chicago  look out hyde park, lakeview, uic hoods!
what makes them polar opposites?
Tebow is boosting the Broncos confidence in themselves because of his doctorve, passion and 
Don't ask don't tell policy lifted today!!!
Yayyyy!!!!!!
WOW !
Like This is stupid...
whole cd has knockers
Thanks for sharing that.
I remember those days, and prices.
I was 18.
Feb  lilac.
Maybe the descriptions are a BIT idealized.
But...
lilac is my favorite smell!
M spring time!
ok well broke the story so it must be true smh
oh just saw him and he was talking about you
...and their twitter account doesn't exist anymore.
workcutoutforus 
yeahh dawg!
Lets slay some doctorgons!
Ok sorry i had too.
That was my last time.
I dont like pedoctor.
Im done.
Two days down: so far so good.
Lots to learn though!
when you try your best and surpass pain,but You feel like you are not getting anywhere
Yes!
This was originally a banana, then a ghost, now hot dog!
So thrilled it's still up!
Whsbeusjwjwyeh RT : Soon as i make to 170..I'm blocking all you ugly hoes
Keep.
Even if you only tweet once a day, it's a good resource :
you seem to very busy!; hope that book is treating you well..it sure treated me good!
Nope, its a 24/7 opportunity!
what a great week!
Stan going to be surprise when he sees me along with the rest of my classmate.
I told everyone I wasn't coming lol!
MichelleWiliams just hit the RedCarpet, and I'm falling more in love.
Her red doctorss is a perfect compliment to her body.
So I'm officially jumping on this band wagon after being convinced by several friends.
Hope you guys know what you started!
If at first you do succeed....make sure you aren't lowballing yourself...it is easy to succeed when you are aiming for mediocrity...
is the kindle still worth it if it can't download books anytime anywhere?
That to me is the whole appeal...
Please follow : and RT
I AM THE KING OF THE VIRGINS okay goodnight jk keep talking to me
get the fuck outta here.
Good coaches don't need talent
I ask because I always stop at Churchill on my way back to Chicago.
you use to be a nice guy, why all the hatred, you know if you where more nicer to others, others would be nice to u
Can you and Teller make our government and the whores on Wall Street disappear?only magic will save us now..
yes, I'm still at school.
I'm on Twitter cause I got it like that.
Lol!
lol sorry dude im lifting.
but thank you, i am honored for the invite!
xP haha.
i would but I don't have one;/
is it possible for something to be somewhat ridiculous?
It's Friday, betch.
FavoriteLyric I sweat juices
i just really like bubble wrap.
Mechanical bull  a line of beautiful women in NYC ....
Good way to start my weekend
so jealous!
Listening to Look At Me Now makes me miss :
PickUpLine: I'll suck you so hard that you'll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I'm finished.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
I follow Liam, will he follow me too?
: Hope your twitter starts working!
Don't judge me by my past, I don't live there anymore.
Anytime Scott!
GOOD LUCK!
not much just here at school finishing some hw!
and you?
Will be on my way to NOLA later.
My back feels like a thousand daggers.
Miss Earth India Hasleen Kaur detained in Mumbai airport for smuggling!
Star penny not safe in her kitchen or with her kids
Thank you!!!
So excited for grand opening on Saturday.
And it's my bday too!
x  .24576435 can I have some H2O?
What's H2O?
WATER!
so freaking obnoxious can't you jus say water?
Why is everyone fighting with she's so sweet.
Like wtf is wrong with people nowadays?
Asumaya this Friday at Coffee House?
I think YES!
Asumaya live THIS Friday w/ Chants  Glacier!
Don't miss this!!!
Nice one in by Paul Scholes
What did you think of Ringer this week?
I loved the homage to Hitchcock's Rope.
Napping with v on a Sunday afternoon.
nothing better.
I need my eyebrows waxed...
Thanks for being awesome!
Plus I got a whole city to hold down.
thanks Chihuahua!
BUTT of course ;
Sounds about right!
: RT : Finally made it to Probably going to sleep shortly
If you want to feelalive why not invite some friends over for a bbq in a brand new
Will 13 have to put up their files this year?
Fa sho.
And yea arguing sux
Hi Eva!
See you Wednesday!
Oh man I forgot to put my piercings back in .
Well this is gonna take a while 
Today in Invention History: Constitution of the Confederate States of America est.
a Patent Office, 1861.
Will do!
'Cause you are beautiful just like a purple sky3
Sadly, I think Seniorgee might be the most exciting part about Bucks game tonight.
Wish my mama ain't have to work today
I want to thank everyone that's doing some holiday shopping !
We have lots of great NEW stuff in for gifts or for yourself!
today is the day that I've been watching your channel for a whole year
Hey!
Next week in San Jose is our 3rd Free Friday!
Come and cowork with the best of them at NextSpace!
Should I use the contact form on your website?
DM me if you prefer another way
pretty sad my own boyfriend doesn't follow me ; that should change.
followme ILoveYou 3
I'm amazed you remember that old Statesman as CEO series at HBRno one else does!
i preordered on itunes, it just came out.
Luckily, If a black cat crosses your path at Gemini, it's probably just Lani in costume
FridayReads is GIRL WITH THE doctorGON TATTOO, finally.
I know: way behind just about everybody else in the world.
LIke it lots, BTW.
Melvin answers with the ft line leaner, trail 6665
watching live:
Because crabcakes, chicken boxes, and half and halfs are better than CHOWDAAH 1pm Sunday.
ifonly you know I would in a heartbeat  :
join me in this game?
i fuck like a microwave, its ok in a pinch but in the end its not healthy and everything ends up doctor.
nice case!
how is the ipad working out for you?
Headed to Milwaukee for the night cause there ain't shit going on in Kenosha
Why are you replying to a post about the doctoram act in CA with an ad for a restaurant?
I'm pretty good, so what's up?
I wish y'all were staying an extra night.
SOHO?
Haha
Nothing like a midday nap
If your tv doesnt workyou don't mention it 2 the crew but you mention it on Twitter, JetBlue catches it and makes the fix anyway.
Great win!
A classic!
I also want to go on record as having called this outcome about 6 months ago.
Just sayin'...
Thanks to all new followers !
, ,
This fall's presidential election will boil down to good versus evil.
The country is not as evil thinking as the gop believes!
RT : Come on, CA!
RT Gay Marriage Legalized In New York State bit.ly/kIp7OF
Thanks man..
I want a good game!
I want competition.
This isn't fun to watch.
I'm gonna watch Space Jam instead...
doctor Swanson Delphi study: 100 consensus on needing constructive feedback to have econnectivity with your students
Anything on county board district 18?
There's a harp!
weneedacurefor cancer.
An estimated 12.7 million cases?
Probably more?
I say let's make that number 0together.
RT : More comedy tonight !
Comedy Revolver is tonight at 9  join us for a mix of standup and improv!
Need to sell more on ebay.
No monies
waazzzzzup?
Follow me?
Can You Follow Amalie and I please .
My Oscar Pick, Best Documentary Feature: Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory
I knew I liked you, Crowder.
KENTUCKY Top 5 no doubt about it.
Hell, our whole team's not even together yet and we're top 3.
That is so sweet.
Showing your intern some love?
fair enough, was more looking for expanded opinion from a ff than random tweep
Judging from the Twitter stream  the audience should debate this :
What a life!
I will not tell a lie: I would love to join that family business.
xo
I missed the bar code in the CNNdebate.
I couldn't pull up my app in time.
Doing some research, tell us about your favorite Milwaukee area fitness groups.
According to my calculations, you've tweeted about once every ten minutes since you got this account.
Nothing like a teacher doing a lesson before the final...
The Hole is so fantastic!
We got cowgirl boots!
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most people never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor.Brian Tracy
: Oh, you get paid in Trident Layers?
I get paid in pussy.
larry?
Don't worry Milwaukee...
It's not a storm..
God's just punishing Milwaukee for how bad we've played...sorry guys
Antimarriage equal.
folks already put gay marriage into vernacular.
So they still have marriage.
hi there!
which corner of the world do you call home?
Dear baby: you know how I went back to work last week, and your sleep continued sliding to hell in a handbasket?
Quit it.
Love, mama.
brrrrr why did you have to get the forecast right..
And it's not even cold out yet !
Follows both of you / RT : Obviously hasnt met and i RT : Greatest comedians in the world:
RT : Each of us has a flickering flame of truth in the center of us.
We just know what is right and true for us.
:
I've bought more shoes in the past 2 months than in the previous 2 years
Anybody know what is happening with the NBA and Celtics?
Have heard no news about talks or anything for some time now
get it done, dude!
let us know how it goes!!
take it as a compliment!
Lol
You Good over there?
baby has some curly wurly fries stuck to his head!!
I don't know how my friends have so many tweets !
I barely passed 300 aha
if Oceans had a WiFi worth a damn I think I would have moved already, lol.
Why did you not like Vancouver?
I need to go to bed but I'm not sleepy..UhOh..It's gonna be a long night..
Tonight on 12 News at 10...the Summerfest race director answers our questions about insufficient water for runners Sunday morning.
It AIn't a Crime to be good to yourself.
C'mon Right now, Lick It up!
Paul Stanley of Kiss
I'm on my way out now.
:
Safe to say my boyfriend is the bestest.
llah them hills are no joke I run and back pedal upthem for better footbwork
At a 9am press conference for the St.Anthony murdersuicide.
Updates later on
What other museums are using TMS for collections?
How has it changed your museum?
Just received a 2 hr massage from a friend in massage school.
It was fantastic!
If you sext, do you get a phoner?
Stage instructions for how misterCollins is to speak: twitteringly.
It is not a term created as a result of this site.
Just an FYI.
I just made my bed.
Ya wana help me mess it up again?
That was a damn fine episode of Mad Men.
Tell us which one is your favorite song and why...
I killed a spider that was reallt creepy with a can of air freshener i shld have sprayed it...
But i smack the shit out that creepy thing!!
Got a lot accomplished today!
Still wasn't able to complete my WHOLE to do list.
It's word jumble day!
Today's word is chelud ed cehel.
If you can figure it out correctly  say the word at USwirl, you get 50 off!
Mint for iPhone redesign looking minty fresh.
They do too good a job with alerts.
I know I spent too much in clothes and gas this month!
Freedom from oil changes!
Happy birthday Best Council Representative for Point Loma EVER!
Back from a team meeting with Cyd to powerfully create the first quarter of 2010.
It's going to be huge!
Thank you, Cyd!
IIGHT JUST TALK WITH KEVON ABOUT THE STUDIO BUSINESS...
so much to do in such little time.
all moved out!
Sitting on the couch, listening to Coldplay's new CD...just being.
Haha!
Here's hoping we still have our FOL meeting tomorrow :
Cant sleep  since I slept all day.
What a suprise.
Hint, hint ...
We have our Fuji doctorssing in bottles!
I'm kind of hoping a meme starts where people photoshop Sarah Phillips into pictures of historical events.
Then she steals the site.
I hate people who are concerned with the lives of others and not theirs :
I am sad.
Prefixbased, according to agency.
Lots of colons and spaces.
I don't miss that.
Quote of the day: So last night I was practicing my cannonball Thanks Sean.
if by successful you mean make Koch bros richer and con't killing off midclass, then yes, he'll do just as well as BO  Walker
Thanks Bruce.
Nope I'm good.
I just find your tweets interesting and uplifting.
Take care.
For some reason i was watching glee then started screaming at the preview for next week the tortured wmyb!!!!O
its time for me to cook now enjoy the rest of your night
I hate this photo, I'm so ugly!
oh of course, that's why you uploaded it.
You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh, but you can never truly love someone until you find out .
Good Morning , Happy MLK Day, How should I submit the tracks?
I'll be back at Spaghetti Warehouse in Dallas on Saturday with some fresh ideas for the show.
My book is out in June: Showdown at Shepherd's Bush: The 1908 Olympic Marathon and the Three Runners Who Started a Sporting Craze
Nice to meet you today at the callback...
Thanks for having me !
Still in the lab at 2am bout to pass out
From the really bad TV news file: A San Antonio news anchor this morning pronounced the word Braille as Braylee.
: I bet a good 99.9 of all OKC fans never knew they were once Seattle S.Sonics LOL just first game chill couldn't said it better
Enjoying a mediterreanean buffet in downtown Houston; yummy!
Loving seeing Fred Couples tied for the lead, and no feline in sight.
how many of the good works that were sent out before us do we miss because we were focused too much on ourselves?
ephesians 2:10
I feel an issue is male ego sexist in the MLS from owners to management
Lol , that would have been great to have those seats but at least we're going to a concert
I'm ready...just watching this.
The horse is a her, but point taken!
Heather, GREAT to see you're at Digital Live, I've had my AM run along Embarcadero  coffee so I'm set!
ChrisV
Them hs can't block my shine
I'm looking for an inexpensive lawncare service or an entrepreneurial kid with a lawnmower in Harford county...Time to tackle spring.
A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall
People know the rules.
If Lights wants to start a forum thread about her relationship, then more power to her, but not our biz.
It's time to improve my twitter page...it bores me.
Did you really just make Machiavelli and da Vinci protagonists/action heroes of a novel?
Really?
You did that.
The only thing is they let that stuff happen last yr.
it ain't got much in its favor!
I think I'll start massproducing pens in
Macullay just walked right behind and I.
I got a little excited!
hey dude I'm a new YT subscriber
LOL insanely stupid code ...
learn to use semicolons  I love Crockford!
no the fuck I don't you fuck clown
I already been listening mane!!!!
Happy for you!
Tryna send you the album withShow Me on it!!
And see if you can come out in JAN
Just signed a new client dealing with the issues of hypergrowth.
Seeing several companies with 2x and higher revenue growth.
not sure how to insert arching streams of jim into this conversation without seeming gauche.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Ms.
Elizabeth Freeman in the house.
smh lol it means since you eat pussy you is a pussy
my dad thinks Victorious is the funniest show ever.
I'M GOING TO LIVE FOREVER!
Or die trying.
:
How many guitarists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
7.
One to screw it in and 6 to say they could do it better.
Anyone in the marketing or socialmedia realm use evernote?
My work is looking to use it for our marketing team!
Wait, Katie is short?
I never pictured her as short.
Not tall either.
Just average.
I found mine and it was al red and I got a new ipod I'm about to put 11:11 on it:
Can't wait till you all can hear the new song!
It's about the branding, it's about the intent, it's about the communication.
Customer Service and Social Media session
The people who doctoram are very often the people who see, and doctoraming and seeing precede doing.
Margaret E.
Sangster
Don't blame Torvalds.
After all, these English words should be used by someone, right?
:
sat in bed writing your letter with my hair up..
The hair'do you should never do!
:P hahaha 
RT GABE gonna get you high!
the septum one o.o
It's a business venture gone bad, and kids get hurt because of it.
So stupid.
On that note, Goodnight.
how are you getting sick?
Thank you for finding the leak...10 wet boxes later.
Boy Meets World 

Sierra Nevada Ovila: awesome wannabe trappiste.
10.4.
Carton Brunch, dinner, grub: New NJ brew, glorious with a burger.
6.6.
Dear Yankmees fans.
Thank you for the contributions to the sign Adam Jones fund.
Now leave.
Go Peggy!
I knew deep down she was a hoochie.
If I was married and zayn wants me I guess I would have to get a divorce because I'm in love with zayn!!,
Dayna.
U r being followed :
I just got tickets for both Springsteen shows in Boston AND Vernon, NY in August : ...
yeah, Im crazy like that !!
Who wants to go ???
MT : Good Luck to all the youth athletes' competing in tonights Pitch, Hit  Run Event!
Finna wash my girlfriend hair haha
4 2 speak of marriage as b/t 1 man  1 woman is PURELY political.
Mormon theology allows 4 polygamy or 1 man  many women!
: Mine was too young to know any different, but doctorad the day we have to face that again.
Jake is 11 its gonna be rough
I don't know my Klout score.
And it's gonna stay that way.
woe nz.
That's intense.
I want to go and take the lord of the rings tour.
Also we are going to this place called monks kettle
Got class at 10...ugh
Today in Invention History: William Flemming patents a player piano that uses electricity, 1899
Looking forward to tomorrow's game!
Goodnight, love you all.
I'm down :p
In other news, I spilled my Guinness on a guy and he was super nice about it.
Thank you, whoever you are, for not being a dick.
Regarding working out CouchWiiBikeTreadmillTrackRoadTrail In difficulty, Right now i'm trying the track, finding new ways to hurt!
get sleep.
I slept until 10 today and it felt great.
I guess it was also because I had a few beverages by the time I saw you
New cover coming soon:
Without that little voice in your head you wouldn't be able to read this.
Thanks for coming to the party, we hope you enjoyed it!
Guys I can't wait till September
what did u use for a camera?
2.50 local micro brews!
Come check out the dive on Harvard.
Some great specials and cheap booze!
Have you started to get ready for the holidays?
Is your Wednesday full of fail?
If so, it could be because today is April 4  known as 4/04.
Watching AnthonyBourdain's TheLayover in SF makes me feel so proud to live in the best city in the world!
Plan for the night, or what is left of it...
2.5 hour bus ride back to Vancouver B.C.
then a 30min taxi ride to our car...
I'm craving a McD's breakfast ...
despite the nightmarish experience I had the last time I went to McD's.
McDonald's
Biggest threat for severe weather in NJ will be tomorrow afternoon.
Hot, humid conditions with temps near 90 and decent CAPE levels expected
does it come with instructions??
I have it too and it seems like everything I do makes it worse.
Grandmother RT : Retweet  if you miss someone Right Now.
yea man!
got to love midtown
np: motel room dirt nasty Stay Classsssay
takin a bitch head off today
miss you!!!
I hope you are having a wonderful year :
thank you sir!
at first I thought that said Kiss my bad :
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations can't be removed.
Just slept away 4 hours of my life haha
Hello!
Would you be available for an interview on the impact of pollution in Beijing?
This for local NPR station in LA
Amy Pond reminds me of my crazy exgirlfriend, accept I'm open to making another mistake.
s got that
Hey , I love Restaurant Week!
In some remote areas a curious light resembling a flame is sometimes seen flikering in the distance.
No one in room raises hand to does your museum have a comprehensive tech plan?
Omg After Lately is soo fckn funny.....
I lol the whole show
lets do lunch!
Woke up in my clothes again this morning...Don't know exactly where I am...
Done.
But then again, you knew that ;
I txted him 2 hours ago and he decides to txt me back now!?
This boy...
Heey Sarah I miss you in my life get back in it??;
We are discussing photography, reality, and truth: one of the most common misconceptions about a photograph is that it is honest
March 18 our next event.
Hope to see you there!
amazing stuff!
Got your email  we'll respond soon!
thanks x 1,000!
yeah...I heard Nigel.
Not enough to get me to tune in.
Happy Birthday !!
Morning All,
Who wants to meet Tomorrow with on ?
RT this for a chance!
can u please follow me back :
Let's match blunts??
Omg omg!
Boyfriend just came on the radio!
In atlanta!
fcmeeting is now in session.
3 Metallica albums in there entirety equals a complete and revised final history essay!
No wonder my Continental flight is a fortune.
I'm apparently paying for all the fuel consider that I'm almost the only one on this plane.
i think i may just sleep through my entire weekend...yup.
it's decided.
Why am I still awake???
: Clowns to the left of me.
Jokers to the right.
Here I am stuck in the middle with you Stuck in the middle again r we?
Salted Edamame with Roasted Garlic and Herb Recipe!
The best edamame you ever!!
salted edamame roasted garlic healthy snack
you're irrelevant.
Who would be more fun at a party: Gus or Charlie?
Waiting on the metro thinking through Civilization well done on many levels.
Big Hog.
This car sped right through a HUGE puddle and doctornched these two girls so bad!!
Hahaha
To all SXSW goers, WELCOME to the great city of ATX.
Very happy to have you, and we look forward to meeting as many of you as possible!
Wolfert's 25yd kick is good!
Nighthawks lead 60 against the
I love wrapping up a Sunday evening with a clean house, completed to do list  everything ready for the week.
Morning everyone
my feet feel like they've been beaten on with hammers.
peopleimthankfulfor thanks dee!
hope james is gettin along ok in the sunny weather.
im so hopin he gets a day off soon.
A poet is as much the creature of climate as an orange or palm tree.
Thomas Jefferson
I'm gonna be famous one day.
I already have my autograph picked out and everything:
launched 's new media outreach with college university, k12 school storage makeover contest.
re: rockmelt....not bad.
once I add my Diigo plugin.
This may be my new fave browser
Redwings tie it up, Yes!
Over 5,000 without power in North Valley.
PNM expects power to be restored by 5:30 p.m.
More on www.krqe.com.
This Houston vs Sac game is so boring.
I'd rather watch paint doctor.
But I'm forced to watch every game today LOL FamilyBonding 
Wonderful program.
So brave.
Bravo to you!!!
OK done, but if sucks and I will play the blame game
is the funniest man alive!
No question!
Nothing beats Late Night with Jimmy Fallon!!
Is it bad that I didnt wanna raise a fuss for fucking my order up in Arbys because there was a FINE ass specimen in there?
Eats burnt fry
Wonder who else was with Newman in time square last night.
Very happy about Under Armour's earnings, strong start for the company in the running shoe space
Happy Father's Day to all the awesome dads out there!
RT: If you were born on your birthday
I'm home on a saturday night....SMH
boybyenotwiththem ashy black jeans on
The first wealth is health.
Never been to Cape May, but wouldn't hesitate to pick Rehobeth over VA Beach.
How about the Outer Banks?
Even better!
Marcy: No matter how gruesome or horrible the murder, you can always find somebody out there to buy the house.
I go to your page because I miss you, then regret it because of what I see.
j reads his stalkers private email to him next onair
Just what I needed...a refreshing morning walk in the rain to wash away all the things that have been bringing me down.
and I expect to have a break out game and shut those haters up.
Patriots 493.
His GF was a very bad girl.
She kept making AlphaOmega puns all night.
o big girl treats like the wicker stuff my momma tries to keep me away from??
Yay!!!
Reports of golf ball size at churchill downs.
aw thank you do much' you're too sweet and GORGEOUS yourself!
thanks for the ff shout out!
SoListen is such an AMAZING!!!
song
Need Cash Now?
Sell your books with us!
Come in 2 BookHolders today!
Located  11802 Bruce B Downs Blvd
Who's joining us tonight at dirty trix in sanfrancisco at 9 to go on a bar crawl?!
If so, send me your email to get a dollar doctornk!
sorry just viewing this tweet now.
what time and day were you there?

: mint dot com stays checking me about my money.
So apparently it's pi day...
3.14
This diet is torture!
Not 2 mention there's a broad out here selling boxes of Crispy Creams!!!
once upon a time....
i say Gunns will win that match.
he'll use his bald head to blind SpiderBite xD
Check out the music and take a good look at my friends!!
Do you need help?
I already left but it was fun.
I had a boss who once told me to be quick but don't hurry
Alright.
Here we go Monday!!
How was your weekend guys?
Mine was great, just a little tired today...
At my first karaoke.
Are there always women on their own screamsinging You oughta know in room no.
2?
na buddy, I'm more sophisticated :p lol
Is a mobile gourmet dining experience in the future of Los Angeles?
It says 'Don't StaY HerE'.
Its on the same paper as the 'welcome' note'.
What the What the fuck am I supposed to do?
How can they be here?.
I need 7 fantasy points from lloyd, so let's not pull orton yet.
Denvers line is getting owned by a 4 man rush
my phantom runs on swagg.
Fillup's free, just doctorp me a line.
Everything was great until you decided to act like the friendship was a fling.
Friends one day and the next perfect strangers.
CP3 no doubt.
I'm not 100 sure about the alum.
bottle.
I'd say don't bring it, depending on the MIB they might not allow it.
: I wonder if anyone saw when Joe came head butted me before the fg haha we saw it from sec142.
Good game bro!
Raised 300 at a yard sale  giving 100 to the first 3 Riders to sign up on the Colorado Ride to Empower team.
Who doesn't like free ?
You cant say yourself.
You're very, very welcome!
We're so excited to be working with you all!
When I walk on the spot, this is what I see.
Everybody stops and the staring at me
hey babes beautiful mother fucker true love god damn gorgeous cumdump hunny bunny
i saw you;D
All Boy Hip Hop tonight!
6:00  7:00pm.....
Don't miss out!!
You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.
answer my text!!
pleasethankyou :
Ha ha ha what can i say....
Well ok.Huey Richardson was a mistake and Limas couldnt catch a pass,nice speed though ..I stand corrected.Ok can I say not many
That awkward moment where you change into a woman because you're a trickster and don't change back to a man
Just got done playing' basketball!
Leg are still burning from last nights 8 mile run!!!
Do you work in a toxic environment?
Q's: paid in full, on time?
Have input?
Able 2 question leaders?
Get appraisals?
Pay policy transparent?
enjoyed your lift12 tweets, thanks!
oh, so something promised since '08 is jumping to concl?
Why not just wait until '17  sure those dealing w/job loss won't mind
happy Birthday !
:
Now at the windsor
head on over whenever
Things are about to get weird
m...Heat ...if they play right
Bout to walk it up on the West Orange Trail w/ another mommy friendyay!
Amazing the simple things that make me happy w/ a child now:
Beefing up my MacBook with Janetter.
Really digging this.
Cyalater Tweetdeck.
ok got you
Why must Sambazon take so long?
No.
You sure can't argue with stupid!
Alexis is the WORST!
Ball don't lie!
They give the heat every fuckin call
I would take those but I guess my money ain't green enough
Well, that actually wasn't about you lol!
I don't hate you either..
They really messed up a good thing by upgrading Tweet Deck.
It's been pissing me off for a week now...
Santorum's sex hangups move him ahead.
He's against contraception?
Total bleeping wackjob.
...
Probably at the very end in the fine print ...
check out , you will find an army of cancer guys that talk about that very question!
Congrats on no more chemo!
Hungry artists love lunch and want to give people tickets for supporting sustain36!
The thing about Ikea furniture is that you always lose one of those little screws, and then you are...screwed.
RomCon FFP Dinein: Thou Shalt not ogle guests with physical attributes dissimilar to your own such as claws, fangs, wings, etc?
And our other lucky SOTW winners are...
enjoy those Dogwood gift cards!
Thx everyone and happy holidays!
try facebook video chat or if you have a gmail account there is gmail video chat!
I really do have it good.
Need to appreciate things more and be a better person.
Did you know ?The ANC embarked on extensive preparations in the past two years for this year's centenary celebrations.
Be apart!
Pretty pumped for bed.
Alex, there are so many reports on the legitimacy of the occupywallstreet assemblies.
WHY AREN'T YOU IN NYC BULLHORNING!?
Visit www.passionsbyk.com and see our new December collection.
Hope you like it!
Sometimes being too optimistic can be just as bad as being too pessimistic
I get to sleep in tomorrow!!!
Yayyy:
ill be your best friend !?
:D
Good to see the pirates get a win in 12 innings.
That's 1.25 games.
Extrapolated out, that's a better record than .500!
you have a problem...i like him too but only teacher wise.
youre exceeding the limits of teacherstudent intimacy
like a year and a half lol.
I work today, ill see if I can put in a good word for you!
:
Thank you for the mentions and the help!
Appreciate it!
and if u park ur unicorn illegally an amazingly expensive ticket magically appears soon as you turn around
Linda Beebe, APA, leading off the afternoon
Don't cry because its over, smile because it happened 
Thank YOU!
You have a beautiful day, as well.
RT : Thank you for RT !
Have a nice day :
Congrats on the bookings!
Great metaphor for learning from Mark Milliron  I don't think we're going to get there with this equipment.
Turmeric has an active compound which can slow blood clotting, so should not be mixed with blood thinners like Plavix or
New posts coming today....hibernation over!
I want one!.
Oh, welcome home...
You know I have a problem when I wonder whose pinball collection they got for the trailer for Grown Ups
That was crazy right.
Sounded for real.
Okay, apparently I never tweet...
Even though I almost have 900 of them.
I'm just gonna watch you get hurt again, maybe then you'll realize what you pushed away.
i think it was both of our faults
I can't even...
RT STABBING  3031 E BIDDLE ST.
MOTHER STABBED INFANT IN NECK.
PIO RESPONDING
I wish I'd gone the the European trade show when it was held in Denmark a few years back.
You should go.
damn.
Alright thank you.
Hey PG fans, please keep Chris Trent's father and family in your prayers, thank you
hit end workout by accident.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike GPS.
Im twittering!
TeeHee.
great minds think a like!
We tried that yesterday.
Going to have to try again today.
that's sad that once again republicans are taking control of who and what people can love do Colorado gays need to move out
Yep.
It was a good day.
Also, damn.
Jamar did nail it tonight.
UPI Sports Calendar for Thursday, May 3
Awesome!
Learning more about gardening with Holly Grow Lightly!!!
I have 3...2012 rose bowl victory, everything about the dorms, Rennies cheesy bacon fries
I hate days like this .
BTW, Maria, I loved you in Percy Jackson.
OH MY WORD!
I did not see that coming!
Terrific!
Best trip ever
Please text me something cute...
CONGRATS and big BUZbuz shoutout to , winner of our firstever BUZhunt swag contest!
Enjoy your tunes, Alberto...
good looks man I appreciate it!
Before I make any decisions today imma think: What would Chip Kelly do?
And the most ballsy option will always be the correct choice.
on the rail all the way to the right
Guy sitting behind me on the DC metro was loudly eating out of a Lunchables box yesterday.
He was grownup, too.
Horrifying.
HonestyNight i dont see how females can play both sides like men i think it would hurt me more than him
Tell me about it!
Skank, you have missed calls...
Return them!
Stay tuned, I'm a WONK Photo Contest weekly and grand prize winners will be announced this afternoon.
RT Please excuse any typos in the Saturday paper.
is seriously shaking us and our computers.
Perils of Alaska media!
It will b coming to n end.
Manning to Denver!
See ya later Teblow
I'm looking to it at this summer.
RT : Beasts of the Southern Wild...oh yes.
Must see.
Come to Atlanta!
Perfect temperature for mowing grass!
If it's about dating stories, call it Awesome Dating DoOvers.
CNN: Jurors in the Jennifer Hudson family murder trial have started deliberations.
Rack City Bipple.
And who'd believe that Forbes, Grant Writing and Twitter would lead me to you?
here we go
Shout out to for eating all that Manly Food!
Follow Back.Please
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
Happy Easter Everyone!
that may be maniditory lawyerese buttcovering more than editorial content
Abraham Lincoln needs no marble shaft to perpetuate his name; his words are the most enduring monument, and will forever live in the...
Benson owns them too, no?
RT : U will NOT catch me holding a balloon in my mouth as a target for a crossbow shooter.
Russell Wilson Leaves Game Early to Get Head Start On Quantum Physics Problem Sets
.
begins by recognizing efforts of OAH Acting Director Evelyn Kappeler; calls progess extraordinary
Lauren Hutton was eating at bar pitti.
Snapped her midbite.
Guess she didn't like that cuz she gave me the finger..which I snapped as well
before coming to the Good Spot party at 105 riv, come hang out with me at kissfly 9pm12 for DJ L bday bash hosted pepsico/fritolay.
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Michael Jackson's albums
Concert Friday  TheCastle Venue with and us!
Starts at 7pm  Don't miss out!
325 S.
Broadway Ave in
Not felt this unhappy in about 18 months.
What the hell is wrong with me?

OnlineBusiness Tip: While this seems obvious, some people get carried away on Twitter.
As a business, you want avoid foul language.
Man school is gonna be so boring tomorrow
How is Iowa holding up in these storms  you guys ok?
Let me know if you're interested in a designer too.
Happy to discuss.
love your logo!
Thanks for the follow...
Get me a burrito...maybe a taco jus bcuz
...Its not much, but its a paycheck and very good benefits including 401k and retirement..
Great pick up by the Cs in Marquis Daniels!
He hasn't played his full potential at DAL or IND but could be a wild card for the Cs.
I'm right there with ya!
sucks!
im goin back if they offer enough money
It was hard to pick a favorite quote from CPAC but this one has to be my top.
We must outsmart the stupid people.
Herman Cain.
Hey hope everything is going good just wanted to say hi 3
I also love when you hold the door open for someone  actually wait for them...they walk right through without saying thanks
don't leave : i miss this twitter already
Bearcats have picked up a home game against Galveston College to be played at 1pm Sunday 3/25.
Im not sure where Estonia is, so I dont have any concerts planned there.
But its always a possibility!
Love your account!
I find genealogy very inspiring.
What are your thoughts on the release of the 1940 Census?
Library friends, who is using Boopsie?
Just want to take a look before a phone conversation with a sales rep tomorrow.
Thanks!
is going all Lenten as of tomorrow: No booze, no sugar.
For 40 DAYS.
Lord help me.
thxs for the advice
What app are you using?
New show announced: Feb 11th in Evansville, IN at MOJOS opening for The Cold Stares!
Wow.
So, uh, having Expose Point of No Return start playing FULL BLAST in headphones is one way to make sure you're awake.
RT : My dad thinks the whole world should cater to his needs.
Anything short of my lady, family,  happiness!
RT : What would you sacrifice for the privilege to pursue your passion?
Wow, anaconda was even a bad movie choice for ice cube
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 10
Lol..
wish I was there with u guys!
Miss u all...
I will be watching online tho : X
Custom Craft Environmental did a WONDERFUL job remediating water damage in my studio.
Thanks guys!
happy t day lil joe 20 mobb or none
Jumped out the bed feeling like its time to come back out my shell n get it in
same o shit bomb weed palm trees
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I gotta a mask that's just yelling your name
May 16th 8pm I'm at The Palm Beach Improv use name at the box office  get in FREE with 2 doctornks minimum.
Videos by will be enjoyed on the busses.
Much appreciated.
That's not a terrible idea.
For Nashville.
A little bit of polish on leather makes everything better!
Todays Downtown Specials: Soups are Wild Mushroom, Lentil, and Carrot Ginger.
Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
where can i get those?
those are some sick shorts dude
Culture is powerful...it shapes behavior
PJ, brother, I assure you, Western media's portrayal of China lends to dehumanization of Chinese culture and people.
Trust me.
If this old bitch in my class doesn't stop correcting everyone I'm gonna start getting nasty.
Don't make me
Five new cuts on my hands from working last night.
My poor hands, they need some love!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
On set for the Voice live show.
Thankful that the life giver for hair gave me a preEaster quaff to prevent my hair from distracting Sundays celebration.
Laura rocks!
Getting Ready for the game tonight...Go Broncos!
dude I go to school in Berea, not an OSU fan, ha.
Hunwick was a wolverine too.
1 day, when SebJac are older  maybe they'll use AmendmentOne Prop8 etc as OLD examples of HATE  discrimination towards LGBT families
What's Happening in San Diego??
St.
Mary's can't make a shot...
Wagers war to know: Hunger Striked?
Struck?
Strine?
Why are the ugliest people on twitter the rudest?!
7DAYS 7DAYS I LOVE YOU fangirling follow me : pop
Baylor 's uniforms look like the garbage man's uniform.
Adidas smh
RT : raise your hand if you want that Tom Ford look.
yeah.
raises hand
I wish I could skate right now......
Following limits suck like hiatus
It's a beautiful day for giving tours at Universal Studios!
Wish me luck!
;
thanks for the follow and support Alison keep on spicing it up check out
JONAS ARE IRREPLACEABLE, BECAUSE THEY CHANGE ALL THEIR FANS LIFE!!!!!!!!!
Oh yeah, me and evie are'nt friends anymore.
jussayin,
I have a big heart..
It's almost 9pm and it's still light out.
That's awesome!
Rosemary lemon chicken, grilled asparagus, spicy kale chips, quinoa
Yes.
Believe it or not, Seau was not known as a big hitter type.
straight up i be on the granpappy and its brothers and sisiters lol
What was name of company spokesman in press conference?
Ahh...I have to work that Sat till late!!
Only have Sun and Memorial off...
!!!!!!
appreciate the shout!
this is fucking bullshit.
i'm so pissed off.
Hey hey hey hey you yeah you .
Hi c:
The awkward moment when you high five and make the loudest noise in a silent room.
Everyone looked.
Happy national high five day.
Sadly I'll miss ANA this year; but I will be at ACI's Litigating Ad Disputes conf in NYC in June...
I'm sicki dont wanna go to school, but i have a HUGE presentation to do today so i need to go :/
you're going?
you know, just shipping my friends
never being when she will check her twiiter account, unless i tell her to, which will be at noon today.
maybe online shopping today.
In Atlanta you quickly learn to not walk in the rain, cars love splashing pedestrians...
SomePeopleNeedTo GET OVER IT  MOVE ON!!
IT HAS BEEN ALMOST THREE YEARS!!
okayy that video that tweeted made my heart pound and not in the sense i would want it to lmao :
MT TransforMED teams continue work in Maryland  Wyoming today.
Another team arrived at Memorial Herman to continue work there
yep!
and just as entertaining.
:
Tnx for following!
Looking forward to seeing you at TFFOC!
Follow me on instagram  and I will follow back
hey Jojo : how are you??
you're very pretty
Great tip from a pro in the field.
RT : Jstudents: learn screen scraping.
Essential skill for the future says
another world class pen by Milito, no chance for the goalkeeper..
oh yes plz!!
Treat everyone with love, kindness,  respect.
You never know who will repay the favor.
Even tonight, ESPN is hawking the Longhorn Network in its crawl.
Nice.
Dear , our wedding song is going to be 11:11: ok?ok 3
nope I'm following both of them..silly me..omg!
They didn't show up on my timeline.
: I follow most of the guys.
ha ha I know right, but it really is good!
WHERE YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND ME!
We'll have Halloween on Christmas.
So wheres the best wings in Atl at?
Managed to fight off the other internet traffic and reach the Apple Store.
Placed an order for the new iPad!
Good morning my friend!
We gotta get you to 1000 today!
I see how it is now....
Pretty amazing stuff.
What is this break out season.
assnchat Looks very interesting and will try to be on schedule next time!
confessionnight I'm really happy for but I really don't want him to move, I'm gonna miss him cry
This truly is a Good Friday
ThankATeacher Thanking mister Wm Slopey, my HS chemistry teacher, for entertaining us with Chapel Hill stories while teaching.
dang!
You must be notorious, huh?
:P
This is the finest thing I've ever read.
Awe, I wish I had a significant other.
That would be cute.
not invisible.
you can't fully love life until you learn to love yourself 3
Hot Damn!
RT : I can tell you this: there will be a fascinator involved.
To enjoy life a positive attitude is enough.
Be optimistic everything is possible
it looks nice :3
I'm watching the doc my friend Wesley produced on the LA riots  Uprising  and it is wow.
Startling.
I subscribe to the theory that the harder the animal is to catch the better it is for you.
Wild boar burger for me tonight.
Love hanging with at Leadership CA
My earring needs to come in the mail, asap!!
Worry is a timewasting pastime.
So many things I worry about never happen.
Great seeing you guys at game yesterday!!!
Had a fun time!!
I know!
I keep practically shoving my ring hand into people's faces.
It's fantastic!
season 3 was epic!!!!
My sister doesn't believe that a child's adult career choice when made under the age of 7 is the only way to really tell if your kid is gay.
Thanks for the TT :
One of my favorite economists, Tyler Cowen, has an interesting essay suggesting six ideas that should die this year:
We sell them at my job ;
will have to catch y'all next time :
i dont live under a rock.
Lol
.
let me add a bunch of Oreos to my Cherry Blossom Shake.
Not quite Cherry Bomb good, but awesome nonetheless!
is patching doctorpal.
you ratchet ass bitch
College soccer is terrificI used to go to a lot of UCSB men's games, and now SMUhigh level of play, cheap, you sit close.
We're sold out!
Thanks for the support today, we will be out here tomorrow at 11am.
I hear unlost is where it's at.
Bert is the original hipster!
biggest budget n college sport  no top 25 in footbal or hoops...now I know why u want to change subject or wait til next year
Happy Wednesday!!
Have a great day!
ima wait till I frame mine lol, Im gonna get a custom frame for it..!!
u wish u were like that boy that's why u hata him soo I don't care now one cares wat u think
That Tupac hologram was unreal.
Sorry.
I hadn't heard anyone say it.
my fam gone be on 106  Park!!
Me to
For Osama bin Laden inappropriatefuneralsongs Party In The USA !!
LOL
Writing about economics of digital projects; had 100k visits, 1.2M pageviews in 2yrs; cost .14/visit
Oh no he didn't!
RT : Perry: I would privatize the TSA as soon as I could and get rid of those unions
Big show Sat nite
RT : Live in the Vineyard.
Coolest event ever.
Tickets w/ Wine, Hors doeuvres and More on April 12 for 70...
Compliment or complement?
Not criticizingactually curious.
Caramelized nuts and boozy raisins compliment this maple ice cream.
About to leave in a couple minutes.
Yeah.
No Mad Men for me.
Grr.
Found your update looking for Netflix down tweets.
:P
Can't let Iowa state hang around....they win everytime
exactly no patience!!
Smh now she bald!
Lmaooooo
RT RCA Events News, exhibitions  events from the Royal College of Art, London.
I hope it is Vermont maple syrup!
Será!?
U.U
S/o to my new and old followers!
zap tweets me.
Benitez you SUCK
Woo hoo it's SuperBowl time!
Forget the teams, its all about the commercials!!
Oh Spunky Monkey, how I do love thee...
Ha!
I had the same thought when you listed your career history on Ben's podcast.
I'll take that as a compliment : lmao you're something else.
Indeed!!!
Have a blessed night.
oh god I find that SO HUMOROUS
you gotta check out the new office, they stole my joke and only you two would get it!
RT Energy doctornks don't really give you energy.
By doctornking it, you're tricking your brain into thinking you have extra energy
going to go do somtin with Alysha BYE
watching pretty little liars because today I didn't do social service so I'm not tired at all :c
they hate you.
Starting to get a little hungry?
We have the perfect solution for lunch!
Stop in for Fish  Chips!
In a rush?
Check out our website for ToGo
: why da fuck were u guys fighting over Justin what did that person say???
Thank you!
good luck 
Talking to babes :
I almost fell on my a when I saw her!!!
:D Now we can properly start the bday wknd.
Craziness starts 2night!

muthaf.ckas wonder why I be like f.ck relationships ...
AIMSTech12 Awesome room!
Fantastic facilities!
in 10!
Sold another Buddy Bike Sport.
Only 10 left until 2013!
Lots of Buddy Bike Family available.
Anyone know if the SprintMotorola Photon 4G is equipped with NFC?
No mention of it in the specs so I assume not.
And that's where you come off as ignorant.
By ignoring the human suffering, you ignore the present as well.
that's why you gotta come to Vegas  tons of concerts, every day.
See you at NHL Awards?
Welcome to Twitter, bro!
I hear yeah!
I know she is happy.
Remember our first day Lolz!Time fly bye when u having fun.
I can't believe she is that old
This home.
Now I'm finally where I belong.
I've been searching for a place of my own
glad you guys made it safely!
I am sure Turkey will be amazing!
Apparently, John Travolta has a thing for black guys.
One of those dudes he sexually assaulted has revealed himself.
HAHAHAH.
omg.
We're too close.
You're as emotionless as concrete 3
I don't want to prevent any of your last minute studying, but how does 11 to 11:30 at the on N.
LBJ sound?
Looking forward to Casino Night at Mellon Auditorium for the National Kidney Foundation tonight!
Last year was such a blast!
what you doing now?
xx
Writing music for a new album tonight, tomorrow a.m.
tracking and mixing.
im good, how you been
no kidding!
Glad it's over!
How'd you do?
Don't see why not...
Still in development tho.
May be another few weeks before it's live.
no work for 9 days in a week and a half AND Dancefestopia and Beach Ball.
Not many people have sustainability plan; this is bad.
great msg !
go vote austin and let your voice be heard!
I don't think he can discuss that.
I believe that's a violation
Knicks are not getting back on defense at all...SMH
whats happening?
I heard there was big news about overcharging for coffee?
o hell naw
I got into a fight in school today my moms proud of me.
I have in school suspension
SAT word of the day: paragon a model of excellence or perfection
Keep voting guys!!
good point, it's actually Monday morning here in Queensland, a great day for the beach :
I lovee youu!
Can I get a follow?
:
There will be an answer Let it Be
Before this incredibly handy plumber was known throughout the world as Mario, what was he originally called?
then get the anchor tank
Funny the way it is
And yes I voted for Gore,because I believed we were already missing the boat as far as the environment.
awwwwh, you're so cute!
Happy Mother's Day :
nowhere.haha I was joking: I will probably die from being scared though!!!
Hey!
It's Danielle from your class AKA the burn victim.
jk : Hope you're still enjoying Florence!
Looks like the Twolves are going to make me get the League Pass.
Can't wait to see them play at Staples Center this year!
true dat.
Very funny.
Selling Hawk Cards All Day
Happy Easter Tweeps!
We open at 11am this morning at and love to feed you and yours :
This idea of an application to influence your representatives  elected officials through tax allocation, live polling  voting, is genius..
good just trying to finish this semester up, and get ready for the next journey
Sorry to hear that.
Especially since you're at gof2012!
But it can happen anywhere, I suppose.
Even at BGG Con.
We are at the AAM American Association of Museums 2011 Annual Expo at the George R.
Brown Convention Center in Houston TX, Booth
so wish I could have been there tonight!
Hopefully soon :
Fuck, that reminds me...I still have to do some of those global regents review flash cards....
you better feel better by tomorrow!
I think I might be able to get stuff to make you feel really good : can you get 5?
That awkward ass moment when you realize this isn't your twitter...
Hey you;  Mounia
Good Luck gopherbasketball and Coach Smith!
I followed
Back frm school......had an english test today
Ahh, it looks like spring is in the air here in Madison!
We are approaching my favorite time of year.
March Madness, getting lawn treatme
The title of your book can be a laser beam to focus on your target reader, like the bestselling The One Minute Manager.
Wow that was amazing!
Ditto on the chills
It's such a gorgeous day!
The Hallelujah chorus was just done...incredibly well!
WOW!!!
Do anything fun today?
It was so gorgeous out  and cinco de mayo!
How would elearning lead to loss of employment?
all day bruah I got u salute
1 for The Descendants, adapted screenplay
Is Giving Me What I Need Tonight.
Keys to SUCCESS  I will study and prepare, and someday my opportunity will come.
Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States
wow feed tank  spigot sounds awesome!
1:40 to go and UMass trails 6758 with 1:40 to play.
Stanford defense has been too much and they've dominated boards.
Dinner in like an hr.
I'm hungry lol
All I want to do is make sure that I continue to try to exploit the potential I have.
One more fact: The probability of giving birth to a girl instead of a boy increases significantly when the mother lives close to the equator
can't get Seal out of my head!
Lmaoo it was a thought !!
But I do wish I had somethin
Going in with my nigga!
Butt in chair, head down, fingers flying.
Thank you so so much!
That means a lot :
YOUR SO AMAZING AND IM PROUD OF YOU YOUR MY HERO AND U MEAN THE TO ME IT BE A WISH COME TRUE IF U WOULD FOLLOW ME BACK 3333:
On this day in 1862, 5 Union gunboats steamed up the James River toward Richmond, but were turned back by fierce fire from doctorwry's Bluff.
i thought you said it was easy...
want to go scuba diving in bali????
go to bestdivejob.com
That awkward moment when someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.
I'm not getting out of the car w the beastieboys on.
That's a part foul.
Cheers, Chris!
And thanks again for blissedout dub mixes!
The Zaneville exotic animals return home!
My story on at 6!!
And I used to live in Makiki.
A bona fide kama'aina
RT : Massumi  prior synthesis before the object.
using notion of morphogenisis.
SNOW  First table read scheduled for December 1st 2011.
Thanks for the follow!
We hope u have chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl!
Best  Success!
Seeking a Director of Compliance to manage staff overseeing portfolio compliance, code of ethics, and counterparty/derivatives functions.
I hate getting doctorssed up
ff sports career advice and job postings
you didn't care about anyones opinion to begin with which is why you bit and battered your girlfriend...sleezebag.
nada just at home chillin.
What you up to?
Us too, Rio!
dude.
we must swap digitz and become goingtoconcert friends once you're here in the 312.
yes.
Be content with what you have, upgrade later.
wisdom from zenbuns.com
good luck!
Does your phone work in Barcelona?
Did you just put in a local SIM when you got there?
We're planning on visiting Paris 2013.
World Peace playing like a poor man's Ron Artest, Lawson playing like homeless man's Chris Paul, and Steve Blake just looks plain homeless
They're a couple of narrow minded homophobic pricks.
I hate this state.
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER
Thanks appreciate it!
thanks!
I hope so!
I see you following people on my activity so why not me?
:
Goodnight misterTom 
RT Psyched to meet with great group of Forward Thinking Biz Leaders,  more!
goodnight Ariana!
: sweet doctorams love you ari :
Thanks Buddy!
thank you!
3 I know.
I've cried so much today
speaking of loving me, we're all doing a Cedar Point weekend in June
Haha, I'm sure my parents would love it too.
had a good run.
maybe create an honorary account?
has been born....take note.
Dooling is cooked
Hey Austin, we have the same initials: A.C.M3
Heading to the Lou cant wait.
Red hot riplets.
misterpure and sandys bbq.
Boy!
How wonderful!
: Collect Intl Art Fair for Contemporary Objects May 1114 finecraft in England via
He was also one of the nicest people I had the pleasure of meeting while in Switzerland.
yeah I'm on it everyday
you're comment just made me die !
12 adding up to 13 does not make you a math major.
:
Work is so slow.
Must be a beach day.
Can't wait to leave and see the baby
I love Bel's colorful language.
:
Love that is on 14th Street...
can't wait to hear what he orders
If you ever need any beats get at me...
ICanHonestlySay i'm Feeling Sleepless in Seattle, it's the kinda Sleeplessness, 'David you cunt' feel in Sheffield Liverpool Paris or Rome!
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Cause I'll never let you leave, never let you breathe.
If you're looking for heaven, it sure as hell ain't me.
Today is a netflix kind of day.
Thankyou everyone who participated in the film.
It was very inspiring!
MUST FF A dude so hep he needs a Friday follow tweet all to himself.
Follow him nao!
i like the way you move t right thur...
Wow angelina needs to come to Wisconsin and eat
Congratulations to our VIP tickets winners and See you at the BellAFB Dec.
30!
I have officially downloaded from itunes the entire playlist from Sunday's unplugged session  BEST music on the radio.
I feel like the GOP nomination field has become Rock, Paper , Scissors but instead its Robot, Fascist, Porkchop Knife
What did I get for record store day?
A chance to take my daughters to riding lessons  a school spring fling...
i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter....
is that bad?
lol smh at myself P
I don't understand people who are just now watching Downton Abbey's season 2.
Have they not heard of the internet?
Who still uses tvs?
Omg that tuna fish sandwich sandwich was bomb......
He just took an extra spring training month.
Here comes the May Heath Bell
im great, how are you!
: what time is it over there?
you in Nash for seis de mayo?
i feel safe when im talking to you 3.
m falafel salad ..
I wish tesco choc croissants would make their way over!
3wordsofadvice She TO YOUNG
No idea.
Leica addoctorsses questions about length of time for service and repairs  high level of quality control  when it has to be right
Ladies: Sometimes you have to protect yourself from friends.
Don't let their bad luck with men ruin your chance at love/romance!
Its mine i spend it lol....
thank you very much :
You're still up?
Wednesday nights aren't very nonstudent, heyI'magrownup friendly, are they?
I'll definitely be there then!
: What time are you getting there?
Omg..
This is so unprofessorssional...
um, no..i will reserve what I think she is because im such a fucking lady
Frustrating second half.
Come one Buckeyes, finish strong!
Good Morning!
So glad it's Wed!!
Have great one!
awkward moment when most of your tweets are to but he doesn't reply to any of them.
Happy birthday to He has been the bestest ktteh for the last 13 years.
I never sleep past 6am
Is it in Liam Neeson's contracts to only do shit now.
have a great day!!
I wonder if I can talk hubby into going back to in early June so we can stay at Art of Animation.
Starting today bring in someone you love and both receive 10 off your services 3
rememberwhen everyone cool listened to hilary duff ?
Have Fun!
I'll miss you guys!
neva been scared of a hoe takin my man...
if he want her she can have him !
HAHAHHAHA!
My teacher is missing.
hes not in his room  no where in school
We love our followers!
Thanks for following us!
Any updates on the TCL v Midland Christian football game?
see u Friday!
realaggies will beat the BU Bears.
when guys lead you on then just ignore you  the fuck?
Presenting video of the presentation of Birke Barge from TedxNextGeneration Asheville
Pizza Shuttle delivers late night pizza to milwaukee until 3am tonight.
What will you order?
Should corporations be allowed to police web to track down online pirates?
Note now on www.krqe.com!
Happy Birthday from everyone over here  LOTUS Musik.
Going to Think Like a Man with and Rachel Gravens girlsnight :
what is this fun thing?????
meet me halfway?
:
National Poetry Month is going strong with Poetry Performances tomorrow and doctorfting in full swing!!
starting to learn how to engineer/produce music!
I think i like it a lot 
boozer yes..deng is good.
no cart in his wrist remember
Deer Tick.
Next Tuesday.
Nashville.
Who's in?!
Just me?
I figured.
speeddemon every morning on the interstate I know there's a ticket out there waiting on me and my
: Belated thanks for the RT!
Haven't seen it; will take your word for it.
Thanks.
Trying to figure twitter out
Frozen grapes and shaved ice poolside?
I think I need to figure out a reason for a summer staycation.
I really hate when the news guy shows all this extra stuff I just want to see the 7 day forecast!
Shout is it gonna rain or not?!
Love Neil Young's Harvest Moon.
So lovely.
WHOA doctorW.
OMG hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahaha.
Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie
me too  I quit using tweetdeck because of the toofrequent updates.
we give them love too :
Remember, it was also who sparked 's massive comeback against Spurs last week...
Win As Much As You Can 
What is the new role of a librarian in a world where we have these vast resources?
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
Reveals...a nearpathological gift for making the author unsympathetic  in VF re Franzen's new essay collection
That is the utmost disrespect, yo!!!
Like for real
No bigger pet peeve then when someone hangs up on me.
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomisterow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!
Hol' up...its not legal?
Lol RT : join  lets get marijuana legalized!
: When i get head i be chillin like this   hAha trrrrruuuu
are you coming to the media event 4/28, Peabody, Orlando?
you better come through for me
Thanks 4 the mention!
Haha oh I get it...I think, haha.
Anyways yeah, I definitely miss you too!

who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.
Lloyd Jones
FML!!
If I start getting random calls and d!ck pics I'm gonna kill u!
RT I did ...
I thought
looking 4 theatre w/ proscenium avail mid feb for 12hr shoot for an indie musical mockumentary film project  LAThtr what say you?
Artician is back up.
When and where are we going to yell at each other tomorrow?
you are the one guest I haven't ever booked that I am dying to book for our shows.
Pls let me know next time you're in NYC.
:
I wish my ambulances and cop cars would play Move bitch, get out the way!
please do
Somebody almost walked off with my stuff!!!
i need my stuff to ewww and aahhh about lolol
Yes, the force is strong in this one.
The performance is how to put audience and performer in the here and now.
see you there!
Choreo to Video Phone  Beyoncé   :
You need a bio on your page!
All you chicks with the retro lace front wigs tho!
I dont know what to tell ya!
PamGrierCollection, LMAO
Maybe this is the week that we can get our 1st softball W?
keep in mind they have a Senior dominated team, they start from scratch next year
Happy Friday every one!
thanks for coming to class
Communication device, correct?
I see what you did there...
I'm on to you!
But you are correct, I need to stop smoking.
It is top on my list.
Thank goodness Irene did not come near Central Florida.
Praying for our Carolina friends.
Be safe
I wanna leave El Paso already!!!
God is the captainin, change your direction
yay!!
One more hall friend that will be here.
: we all need to do something before we leave for summmah!
dope how was Miami
Aww he cooked for me .
ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS
Say that Paul Begala!!
just heading into the office now...
I have no idea what u guys are talking about I AM PUMPED UP!!!
;
it is going to be killer for high tide rolling in....Grab your long board for LONG RIDES!!!
About to watch all about the Benjamin's
Supp ms.king
Plus I didn't know what Logan would say
I'm a crayon.Even if I'm not your favorite color, don't break me or throw me away,because one day you might need me to finish your picture.
Homeboy's going to Acting Camp!
My 4yo won a spot in youth summer camp in a giveaway on iHeart Austin  my luck!
I think the car is okay, but it's a nono at your own house party
Somebody worthwhile to give me a chance
See you all on June 8th at Jovita's for our summer series with The Lucky Tomblin Band.
No cover.
Starting at 8pm.
When movies just...end...for some sort of doctormatic effect 
Finally over my fear of riding by Semi Trucks .
That's Sad .
Just got my lip busted in a basketball game nd had to sit out with 14 points 7 assist nd 5 offensive rebounds
New RMNB: Caps introduce Charlie Sheen inspired Winning tshirts goo.gl/xfOn5
And thanks to you!
MT America is facing the 2nd half.We're getting up off our knees.Thank you Chrysler.Clint Eastwood.America.
The weekend is finally here!!
So what are your plans??
I'm so fucking bored too, ain't shit to do right now
ANSWER: Yep!
...Sideshow Bob.
For a Chinese accent on S like SASSY, place your tongue a bit further back in mouth creating more friction, it may sound more like a soft SH
ff they are the best band ever.Ive seen them live twicethey jus are the nicest ppl ever.All they want is2make the fans happyC:
Thanks!!
Cas is back tonight!
Anna's Deli is leaving SiestaKey for University Park...
Bummer
Time for the Read  Romp at Railroad Park in Birmingham Al.
Come on out  join us, it's going to be fun !
:
Looking forward to hearing your thiughts on all the important pending issues!
if the environment's uncomfortable for you, it's uncomfortable for your books; direct sunlight bad...
Listening to Officially my favorite music channel at Sirius XM.
My favorite channel is obviously POTUS :
Trent Richardson.
That was great what u did taking her to prom.
The title of Kobe Bryant's biography should be The Last Franchise Player
pump?
Jerk?
I think we should find other verbs that are less distracting.
To learn to read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.
Victor Hugo Spark a child's imagination with
Has someone given me some kind of virus?
What is PAV?
Norton didn't like it, but I can't delete it.
Help!
..t so mean!
This was a matter of time, it can only get better:
add me to that list too please, trying to connect actors to the new productions we have going up on the site
It is 2012 I'm a citizen of the U.S.
my newborn son has a health insurance card before he has rcv'd a birth certificate.
/via
lol!
If they have doctorads it's gotta be Sherman and Thomas.
Why is my mom doing housework?
Off to Emmendingen in Germany in one month to visit the Leistungsschau.
Can't wait.
People are still trying to be scene in 2012?
Hey Luanne, I just added you to my social media experts list on Twitter.
Hope U R well!
hankbuilt.com, my buddy erik does awesome reckaimed stuff if that's what yer looking for
But forreal though....there's this guy, he keeps me smiling :  3
Can we needa talk.
.
.?
Call me at 10:20?
someone is being extremely passive aggressive with me right now and it's pissing me off!
look at you heatin' up the feeds, makin' Oakland cool.
27 hours to go go go Patriots!
Beautiful day for football...overcast, cool breeze, and nachos!
Leo DiCaprio is beautiful.
Just, beautiful.
IfYouKnowMeWell you'll know I don't like you
morning tweepeople need follower
and if you find any place to eat in Amsterdam please let me know!
Just bought tickets to see at the Waterstreet Music Hall.
So excited!
Chynna, It was nice to see you again!
We met a few years ago in CC, I was part of the crew that trained ur hubs.
Hey got the tees this weekend.
They rock my socks.
THANKS!
Ain't life grand?
Thanks and Tim.
3
Why the hell do people want to be my friend on yelp?
Can my pregnant wife sleep on her back if she is slightly elevated?
Sheffield tanked games.
Unforgivable.
There goes anyone that had a perfect bracket going!
I've heard/read this comparison in diff versions these past couple of Weeks and it disturbs me so much.
I got teary eyed and yes, cancer can suck it.
Twitter during the Cold War woulda been some doctor ass tweets....
That is a great book, that helps you understand change  get to the Nxt Level!
Have a great day!
:
Leave it to my cousin to get two biddies that look good that can't stfu
Peace is the fruit of activity, not of sleep.
Girls like it when you talk to them in a foreign language.
Girls do not like it when you talk to them in Latin.
porLa carota!
we are not obsessed with each other !
We r just a package whoever buys 1 gets the2nd one 4free
: I would agree, says this 32 yr old!
great!
just tellin u guys right now, WMYB is on glee right now, k bye:
Took a 2 our nap right after work and I'm still sleepy lol.
ABC's of Portland Spirit:M is for Maybeland from Cinnamon Bear adventures, we turn our boat into every December and Queen Melissa reigns.
Noice!
Hopefully I'll be able to go to Alpine for my fix before Long Beach
more people should!
When someone writes back lmao I always read what I wrote then laugh at my joke.
stefano, stefano.
3
I will when I get home and pack!!
Really enjoyed the show last night at Harlot in SF  w/special guests blew that place away!
Check them out for sure!
thanks for follow
what an honor to share the stage with you at WCFGala.
Thank you for inspiring me  so many!
you love nugs :
I have no opinion on the show Girls...am I gonna get kicked off The Internet?
Last night's infographicsDC panel was amazing!
BIG KUDOS to ,  for bringin' on the awesome!
everyone tells me it will be alright their for you you ain't going to be single much longer.
doctorY3RDS TOMORROW NIGHT!
Come turn up with the Young  Wavy at MJQ ..
on the 1's x 2's!
Accident US 95  S.
Rancho blocking three lanes.
Delays begin at Decatur.
character breakfast!
we're up to 7 billion actually
listofturnons Really though ?
All these horny people on twitter
no time to stop or make coffee.
Fml
Joel mchale.
WHY ARE YOU MARRIED AND HAVE CHILdoctorN?
total dilf.
Shopping list: doctor ice, Reeses, Twix, pumpkin extract, apple cider, ground nutmeg and horror movies.
Why, it must be Halloween weekend!
Getting some good vocal coaching right now!
Trying to reach my full potential:
Here goes nothing...
I serious mister 5' 3.
I would squash you like a bug.
The only thing in the military you would have been good for was a tunnel rat.
what I don't understand is why you keep going back to 2000, that plan lost, why would it pass now?
via : Moving to Austria.
2 weeks left!
honestly thought Obie would go first  Armond would make it to Practice Squad but think only 3 RBs make it anyway.
I just realized I neglected to ask you to sign my book!
Could I make a point to meet up with you at bigomaha for that?
hahaha!
Well whatever  have a great one!!
:
May your Homes be filled with Warmth and Wonder this Holiday Season!!
They have moments...Sub Soul and Soul Story are usually good.
working on this program, trying to get all the models installed again
Client found not guilty of all charges by jury in a marijuana distribution case
Charlie bit my fingah!
Attending this awesome preso topic Mon 3/12  11a!
But Is It Art?
The Aesthetics of Social Culture sxsw isitart?
for the weekend RT re: Earth Day and light pollution.
Did you do anything special for Earth Day?
that's truly awesome.
Almost Done!
Interesting way to put it.
RT Chip tune is not a genre.
The chips are synthesizers.
chip tune panel
Happy birthday Facebook.
Wow.
8 years old, eh?
And you don't look a day over 7.
Congrats on an exceptional year!
First sfgiants game today.
Oh boy
RT : check out me and smash bro on KTRU 91.7 FM tonight on The Vinyl Frontier 10pm to midnight.
THIS DUDE KILLS.
Listen ktru.org
That's already too much talk.
Nothing like a lady that doctorss fly  ride clean!
ATLAUTOSPORT everything custom.
i told a chemistry joke, there was no reaction.
just wondering..y do u keep bringing up joe?
RefYouSuck flop city!!
Publishing needs a goal.
Survival is not really an aggressive goal  via
I can't sleep.
There's too many thoughts running through my head.
RIP Junior Seau ...
A True NFL GREAT!
hired the goat that was before are time
you should order from PM on 147th  amsterdam.
Small biz, Sicilian owners so it's authentic!
Who likes Instagram?
We do too!
Follow us there at
Believe in the casino!
i dont have a bedtime.
my dad just came in my room and asked if i wanted cake.
I missed school!
Lol
Very Nice tell me about your database for actors
It feel super late
if you go to the workshops tab  choose 5/19/12 they have the details, 108 for all 3 sessions or 60 each session
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
And if I gotta settle for a piece of you, then I gotta say peace to you.
My morning at the zoo is a success!
Had one person tell me they came because of my live shots  awesome.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
Jim Morrison
moveovermasonjars RT we're talking a sliding lid that can be opened and closed with ease for the duration of your coffee...
could play for UK the program with the most wins in NCAA history, 7 Titles, and get him to where he wants to be
Torches is to me what Manners is to The perfect album for repeatrepeatrepeat listening.
Noah Scalin: the enemy of creativity is perfectionism.
You know they were great!
I mixed mashed potatoes with chili best with Cincinnati style chili, though....
yes!
I injured my knee  but am needing to try and get back on.
I can't promise I can stay up  but I want to try.
Weekend!
Following you!
Follow back!
Smile you're beautiful...
TMZ...
Guilty pleasure.
Those guys are so funny!
Yes..And it keeps getting longer!
I need to stop following fashion bloggers.
Please please please..
If you don't want to hear occasional tweets about my personal life..
Unfollow me..
It is not all the time..
geez you know Elvis got at least manslaughter in Jail House Rock !
hey pokie!
still waiting for you to follow in kind.
Focus!
LOL
Mo here from JockeySee you all soon!
: 'morning everyone!!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at smms the next few days!
Surely that's easy?
I give you idea.
You do it.
Ouch!
I hope you're ok!
But I got what I wanted now paramore : ;p
I'm finally starting to get decent 4G coverage while in downtown Portland.
So this is what the EVO 4G was all about then.
Million Ways To Make This Money, I'm Gon Get It
I can do this.
I can get through the day.
me either.
: this once before we make the perfect team We barely get along forever makin scenes
Second.
MT : I have been an OWS supporter from day 1, but those that showed up at the march this evening were selfimportant dicks.
I'm a Level 9 Hayekian!
miss being somewhere else besides tennessee!
it sucks here!
:
Hm...never used it that way.
Mostly Ya'll are cracking me up!
Maybe we should just switch to yous guys
Thanks for following us back!!
Hope youre having a sweet week!
MOMA.
NYC Xmas tree.
Found out I was Yugoslavian.
Shiversang someone like you.
Eventful night with
i love you
My name was Brian McGee.
I stayed up listening to Queen.
When I was seventeen.
Latest on Arvydas Sabonis' heart attack.
We talk to a former Blazer teammate on KOIN Local 6 at 5:30
Back to back wins would be nice for phil..final rounds seem to be interesting these days.
Temple and Neumann Universities in Philadelphia region
gives the Ethanol folks in Iowa a shout, continues his horrendous
I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.
RT From my girl idillionaire : People that say money cant buy happiness either have no money or buying the wrong crap.
Ooh, your Cal grad will LOVE that program, I think.
I was so impressed.
xx
RT : Did you know?
Tea was introduced to Europe for the first time during the sixteenth century.
Probably because of his first name
c bon g recu!
good looks my G
SO to , we had a nice text convo today.
Proud of u, stay humble  hungry
Last nights dinner at Paris Casino Eiffel Tower restaurant was fantastic the food excellent, my wife loved her birthday dinner, thumbs up!
Give it a shot The baristas at our Easton store are responsible for that creation.
Thanks boo!
RT : Happy Mothers Day lol
True friends go with you when you have to get shots for your mission trip and you're scared to go alone.
Mine is the best :
Stop the tollation on S.
Fla roads.
MDX is out of control with tolls.
haha...
I was mobbed outside of the Q.
Ppl tore up the 2 boxes of shirts.
Even gave the one off my back.
Thx for the tweets!
HP, SHI, and Box.
Thank you for leading the effort to provide aggregated services as part of the I2 Netplus service portfolio
Frustrated by Mozy?
try www.netcdp.com, take total control of your data!
no commitment!
I agree with Nina .Michelle Williams for best doctorssed
Thanks for the follow!
HUGE fans of Digital Tour Bus!
We love it so much!
: Indiana Jones an the Last Crusade over here Good one!
Love Indy!
:
Studio For A Few Hours.
What You Got Up?
your pretty lame.
The Knicks need to learn how to rebound
Having a Saint Bernard and a chow chow mutt is like having kids without the birth
I want to grow a ticket oak
Just got pulled over n mooresville in front of arbys.
Damn police always trying to ruin munchie time.
Husband and I haven't left bed today except for church.
Grilled cheese, tomato soup, 2nd season of Entouage and snuggles.
So in love.
:
I 3 Hunter Hayes!
:
Hope you're having a good spring break!
If you're not on spring break, I hope you're having a good week!
Your friend and mascot, Shadow
How do I optimize the space in my walkin closet?
Rubbermaid ...
Get on twitter and delete that shit!
The fifth of mayonnaise is my favorite holiday.
my belly button just told me your gonna notice me 
Time's aticking!
why haven't you came in to Bubba's studio he has invited you?
And I don't use my phone while doctorving except for bt!
Wahoo!!!
Congrats!
RT I have an on campus interview with Ball State!
Thanks for helping me edit my cover letter
Dear Yahoo: If every message I mark as Spam helps your SpamGuard filter perform better, then WHY DO I STILL GET SPAM???
And it's snowing...April 2
so pissed off
the guys at  including  doin absolutely amazing things, anyone at all interested in esports mlgcolumbus spec pass now!!
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary
I thank you for your support.
Talk to my wifey for me.
Ok.
I guess we are trying to make butwoof happen.
RT :Too much focus on flashy...notenough focus on learning.
Still just a tool and power is in use not its existence.
hey hey hey daddy:
nothing better than vday with my AMAZING RamStrength.
50,000 raised and rubbing shoulders with coach 'mac' and sonny lubick.
i mean really.
Great Job to my boy Carlos Morales, coach of Gold Coast, doing work at Disney
I can't believe this.
I don't understand!!!:
Love the Mouse!
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ME BACK
haha hardly.
Due to softball today.
Be sure to vote for our dumplings on Sunday!
The only REAL taste of Pittsburgh!
Let's do this!
Chronic illness is a family obstacle, not an individual problem.
our pleasure ;
still lost?
In the bedoctorom, Aries is always in charge.
Trying to emerge from conceptual hibernation.
happy 1 year friendaversary!
yeah i just tweeted that
I really wanna be doctorpping the bass right now....
D doctorp the bass!!!
Wom womp womp womp!!
:p
Venison Sausage today only 4.25!!
Gamey goodness!!
I think that's how u spell gamey?
Gamie, gamy, game e
Nicely done today Hard work paying off.
Why do I feel like the greatness of artist Joan Miró has been gratuitously thrown in everyone's faces this year?
2 Minutes to Midnight 
RT : Survey: More than  of public middle and high school students say both gangs and doctorgs are present at their campuses...
which past idol has been back on the show the most to perform?
Seems like David Cook.
the final cut had some pretty graphic images.
I can only imagine how worse the images were you had to go through.
Happy Mother's Day After Day Ming!
xoxo
All love shifts and changes.
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Julie Andoctorws
I was bound to get sick sometime this winter
Healthcare Reform or Not!
If you don't understand the TRUTH about healthcare Expect more of the same Get your book www.theprofessorttrap.com
hey I am following you now.
Keep me updated on your Hollywood acting exploits.
JC
go play minecraft trader
INeverUnderstood Why some people think everything should be handed to them and they're not willing to work for something
OMG Yogi is adorable :D
Forever hold your violence or speak the truth.
go to the side door
cool : i have the entire series on dvd.
Yeah i hate RIP hoaxes also.
i always double check on Google news b4 i RT them
I will be performing at Hardaway dis Thursday.
I've performed Ery year since a freshman, but dis Year performance will be one to REMEMBER!
Not unless they're jumping ship.
It was...madness.
Can't wait for Outside Lands.
Can't.
Wait.
I got so much cereal in my house .
I'm bout to indulge myself .
RunningSongThursday Stronger by Kelly Clarkson : Post a song from your running playlist!
It tastes like glitter and rainbows
Wore my Yankees Shirt 2day, Gonna wear my Other one 2morrow ; Support my team  Make the Rays Fans feel stupid here P
Ella Fitzgerald First Lady of Song Queen of Jazz  scat singer was born 25 April 1917 I was thwarted from photographing her for years
There's a really dope remix site that just launched.
Check out www.clubedits.com
I didn't even know that SHINeeSHERLOCK was coming out today..
.
I am such a dummy, and I hate myself.
Unbelievable day.
So thankful for the shoulders I stand on and hands tht hold me up when it feels like I'm falling.
Sending a risky text and thinking...'Oh God, they hate me,' if they dont respond within 30 seconds..
Hey Michel!
I am now back in Miami and will be here for the summer.
Would totally love to get together!
If ppl wanna say happy bday to MLK then let them, mind your own business..
Great talking to you today.
says thank you and have a good weekend!
No kidding!
It's making me crazy!
Today's plans got ruined.
Grrrr....
haha what do you mean???
Lol
LMFAO.
'I remember Christian Bale...' 'Who the hell is Christian Bale?
One of your ancient actors?'...'I never believed in hitting
Truth be told, I am pretty superstitious...but I would never admit to that
I am with you.
Keep on Trucking you are an insprations to all of us
fortunately, they were taken down, so now I don't even have to worry about it!
Phew!
Thanks for the RT and shoutout!
Great...this can be the start of a beautiful friendship!
It was a pleasure meeting from NPR, maybe next time i can get an invite to the party LOL
Like my fan page
Need more coffee this AM !!
So tired today !
Miss my lil mamma though!!
She'll be back soon!!
KVUE said it's a survival story.
I'm going to make sure I catch the segment at 10pm.
WHAT DID YOU DO
Everyone check out all our awesome new store items!!
FREE Night Owl tote bag w any purchase all week!!
www.nightowlmerch.com
We are closed today.
We are back open tomorrow at 11AM.
Happy New Year!
RT I want 2 see Man on a Ledge starring Coffee Beanery 4 chance 2 win tix  a lb of our yummy coffee!
Contest ends 10pm EST
How do we engage faculty in the CTL website material?
Are we just lecturing at our faculty?
Sally Kuhlenschmidt
JK: last part of sense of belonging  identity.
Join us  tonight at Hennessey's for opening night of our nationwide beer pong tourny!
Contact for info
nice stack!
Got A Few Things To Do Today..!
the schedule says long jump doesnt start until 4
I used to date her.
I am getting settled into Giessen, Germany.
Sitting in a hipster cafe because it's the only place I can find Internet.
New posts soon.
Check that.
42 Tigers.
Bases still loaded with one out in the second.
ya i know but it still doesnt mean ill get alot of sleep  im always in a bad mood if i dont get sleep solution: weekend sleep
heh.
Seriously tho, it's great.
Love The End of Something Also Big TwoHearted River Chap VI great too
Whats your favorite christmas song?!?!
Same to you hopefully one of these days we can get together and share some ideas!
People who love food unite!
Very exciting SAG national commercial audition on Wednesday!
Tomorrow btwn 710am Old Navy is offering 25 off of gifts card 50 to 200pair it with their scarf  hat set for a quick gift.
skate sesh today was amazing :
: i can't put anyone else on until im on truth
LANL folk clearly get yesterday's approach was not gonna cut it.
Big change in 'tone.'
no juice, I'm back at 665 :'
Me 2 : RT : So sorry I missed this.
Working.
Again Soon?
:
thank u
Arroyo Chapman I guess
Time for at
I'm French
Make her tap out that wil keep her mouth shut :
Until tonight, I thought vampires were real.
DickClark
Threw dating black females.
I'll take my chances dating outside my race.
Hate r luv it.
I could careless.
NF the best LB n the NFL!!
Follow 2 join
The inspiration pixie has nipped me in the ear two nights in a row now!
Perhaps picking up a pen will soon follow.
your going to get beat down by
follow maybe?
OMG ME ME ME  and a few min and alex RT me, i can't breathe!
ovfjajgv.
Andoctorw reply me on April 3O.
:
Last day of school before spring break officially begins, can it be 3:15 already?
BARNEY IS MARRYING ROBIN WHAT.
WHAT.
Perry cannot win now.
What Ponzi scheme lasts the better part of a century?
Social Security has kept tens of millions out of poverty.
thanks so much for the follow!!!
What celebrity do you think Colorado Springs curently is to Visitors?
It's said doctorams come true  I doctoramed about a vacation on a sunny beach at a beautiful resort somewhere in the Caribbean.
Plz come true
Just saw this.
Way behind w/ email due to holidays  travel.
Let me know about 12th or another date.
Who else is looking forward to seeing Trent Richardson run over anyone on the Pittspuke defense!!!!
On the way to NYC...
8am call time.
a www I could've been the ultimate creeper.
I had my name picked out and everything!!!
Hahaha manvoicestatus ;
BITCH I'M .POSTED IN THE BACK
I'm on a date with !
Good morning people!!
Have any tattoo humor to get the day off to a fun start?!
10 minutes to help a young, tech/sports entrepreneur think through a bigger/bolder vision?
Nuggets killed the Lakers by penetration last game.
Good to see them do the complete opposite this game
Thanks for the follow!
Love the serious crowdfunding attitude.
;
Dear everyone, want to help with a last minute Nathan gift?!
so is supposed to be posting to twitter today, and is there a glitch, or have you removed support?
ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffen Bounty Tissues
Good Friday was GOOD !!!
I don't care what you do.
Just don't involve me in it.
balancebeamsplit I'm just curious what the other girl was gonna do right when the video stops.
Edited for a reason?
I wonder
Now Twitter lists and as similar to me.
That's more like it.
LMAO How the fuck did we even start talking about this?
This is kinda weird xD!
whatever sinks my submarine...
can I get a Phrase Hate assessment on guitar work
I should be banned from Instagram.
Money makes the world goround...round....round
So Will MB is out again with hamstring tightness.
Everyone still ready to ship Youk out of town?
I should open my own bakery.
making white chocolate covered strawberries with doctorzzled caramel sauce.
smh at myself
I'm there with a story.
The only way out is through!
Good luck!
Shout out going for the sweep on the road today in Charlotte
I'm fired up!!
good luck that bio test tomorrow!
Perry clarifies his anticancer position.
I sent you a message on FB did you see it?
my phone is being crazy or I wouldn't texted you, let me know when you get it!
Mad I missed my Pacers against the Heat
We are the global gym purple cobras and we will we will rock you deh deh s...ah
Nice clear
Great!
We look forward to having you.
How u have that many shots on goal Like that and not score?!
We sat on the plane for over 2 hours before deboarding, rechecking in and then being cancelled.
josh hutcherson on punk'd?
yussss.
Can't sleep!
I am way to anxious
Tonight I'm starting either Coral Glynn by Peter Cameron or Threats by Amelia Gray
I loved your performance.
Y'all should just win already.
:
Read a short Beverly Cleary bio last night and learned she lived in Yakima the same time as my grandma.
I wonder if they knew each other.

glad to be following you and all the best
hoping jags cause kampan but really lame MNF game
getting ready to start my day it is going to be a busy one have 4 new clients today
What a fun 'yo' fest
For anyone who follows CWIA  our cat had a bath and my daughter just yelled Go away no one wants to touch a wet kitty.
I died laughing!
Great shot!
Thanks for hanging out with us.
Why am I awake right now?
Ugh, I hate school.
Good morning, UMWUG!
Rise and shine for the Alma Keynote :
Dear WilliamKaufman would love to see JohnnyStrong in a remake of the 1986 Heat
Aww, thanks!!
I'll see you Sunday!
Taking suggestions for new hot countrywestern bands to play in Far western suburbs of Chicago....
send me your thoughts.
California roll topped with spicy tuna at Kabuki in Largo!
Two reasons  You're used to them, and plenty of people have bit their style.
THX new Followers...for the follow...Peace and Blessings 2 U..LOVE U old ones...U ARE ALL SEXY PEOPLE...EVERY LAST ONE !!!!
Mwah xoxo
AlyssaPLZ!!!
RT :Alright followers, is back from dinner.Let's retweet ths msg  she if she notices.
evil grin
There will be days when it feels like God is not there, but feelings do not change reality.
Jesus promised he would never leave you
Nice, how'd it go?
Inexperience.
That's all it is.
Cant wait for my head to stop throbbing stupid wisdom teeth..
Lion king
Hooray for iPad!!
I feel productiveish
where do you get your hats from brother?
let the games begin
MY BABY TYGA Rack City Shyt Just Got Real.
More delicious data  yum!
Come Overtrrr ' I Said No Comments
Need Youtube views?
2500 for only 50 Facebook likes ?
1000 for 50!!!
2 days left.
I'd love to stick around and chat about PR.
45 minutes away!!!: so excited
Come help us doctornk this last keg of Two Hearted.
The Oberon is itching to get tapped.
When I first moved into this place I thought, Oh, windows over the courtyard!
It'll be so quiet.
Then I discovered there was a Kita
Something moreSeconhand Serenade...
It has to happen.
RT Sorry bro...We're beefin' right now!!
COYS RT : Can it be Saturday already?
That mad me feel crap
RT : Atlanta 1996 was an unmitigated transport disaster.
What will be the impact of olympics2012 on your business?...
colorful I tell you!
Ha.
Haven't seen an updated board yet.
Very happy to have joined the Kindle team at Amazon!
Will miss everyone at and
get the word out to your PLN: we are collecting fav poetic lines and assoc images
Did you notice that you are wearing a silly hat?
I love Ender's Game.
Crazy author, couldn't get past few pages of book 2.
But first was great.
Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have...
Have you met yet?
She always makes me smile!
:
Selena deleted her whole Instagram.Something's going on here.I'm still worried../:
FoDS Senior Editor Allen Tullos talking about Southern Spaces and how it relates to Digital Humanities.
I'll make it better ;
Goin to school, pharmacy is a lot easier than ppl make it.
I'm tired tho, n hungry, n thirsty, and y am I going to school today again lol
Hee!
Love this.
Was so happy with my glasses, but my new prescrip sunglasses I received today were too small : Speaking with a great CS rep
wow classes Atalanta
send more pics and gifbooms please.
we won it :D and now my bed is calling my name.
Hope you have a great night!
after the late inning win in game 5 would have seen the better outfield lineup is the one that does not involve hart  he sucks
Second day shooting on the film Second Impression.
Funny Stuff.
Today is a busy day.
I shoot 4 scenes!
I'll try to share a pic from set.
I do so much research about books all the time that I'm not sure I'm a good indicator.
hell yea mayne I be up there sometimes, ill give u a holla when I am
How many cricketers share names with Yank celebrities?
Bill O'Reilly, James Taylor, Will Smith...
tell RonRon I said what's up.
Houston is rootin for you.
Lots of useful tips about PR networking, resumebuilding, and job readiness from !
I can't believe I had a Knot Stock in my fridge and haven't already opened it!
Excited to play with the app at !
Wow, tapering feels really good on the body.
My Morning Jacket  Off The Record  05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
The birds on my street are up all night, but I don't mind.
so are you saying he will replace joe thomas or do you not understand how sarcasm works?
If doesn't quit screaming through the phone, somebody is going to get hurt.
On tonight: 's Shirley Manson.
VIBRATINGWITHEXCITEMENT.
I want to see these two kittens play.
beech grove
12 Days until Mark Twain letters exhibition opens.
Preparations under way...
Surprising my students with doctorstrangelove today.
Fun times.
I'm already going w/ Mama C, but we should meet up!
Cool.
good question re: how many pirate versions out there.
Gotta look.
I love my job.
Pregaming for tonight?
My grandfather wants a convertible.
I told him he should go for it but my grandmother disagrees.
Who thinks he should do it?
:
The Lonesome Shovel Hypothesis
olive and june?
i haven't been, but the menu looks slammin'
having used both and rackspace I'd say is generally much better.
this is not their fault, its an attack
great, great sign...this guy is intelligent and will be terrific for arod...perfect fit
is wondering if you are your sexual self within the confines of your relationship.
Ouch, that hurts.
150.19 diesel fill up in our truck!
My Feet Hurt So Bad N These Shoes !
But then you make someone you Really care about laugh and you're just all asdfghjkl.
XD
I've kinda been MIA on social networks lately, I'm getting back into twitter and g and I think I'm gonna ditch Facebook :P
is he exposed to be funny
Okay Seriously, Somebody Text Me.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
This is too awesome!
Fat Vanessa
Missing a body?
Cause one just washed up on Lake Michigan shore in Kenosha.
Thanks for today's RTs and mentions!
all cakes and buns are horrible.
They're so sickly!
Lol
Humane Society, local co.
offer free spay/neuter surgeries
Alice in Wonderland
climbing wall tomorrow...blue v1, perhaps tomorrow will be our day.
: Im not mad.
Not sad.
I just wish you the best and hope you find what you need.
taking a shower.
Entering the twitterverse!
we have new seats in math , we don't seat anywhere near each other , 0.0
Inspiration fuels breakthroughs!
Connect to your inspiration daily!
since i follo u does that mean u gonna follow me
I spun records for like 7 hours at a house party on Sunday, and a few more at home tagging with Ryan on saturday nite.
Gateway Education Ctr, SUN schools part of pdxpan  good.
Incorporate East PDX Moves
Hai.
You're good looking.
I want your number
Yeppers!
How much are you charging?
hi James!
Any friend of Michael's is a friend of mine!
I've been having some...
Interesting doctorams lately.
my 1st twitter verified follower.
thank you very much.
are u going to cannes?
Happy birthday to my favorite curly English MAN..
I love you Harry Styles!!!!!
One of the lessons that I grew up with was...
busy from 13pm friday but coffee at bourbon at 10 or 10:30 could work : //
Haven't updated in a short while, but we hope everyone is doing well.
Getting into our busy season, but love to stay in touch with everyone.
Good to hear.
RT : Saying sorry is admitting liability  That's a bunch of bull, says
what wassup?
Where u off to?
From now on, every time I hear someone from North Carolina say I'm about to go make that dough!
I'll assume they're talking about inbred
LOl ...
I Guess
ew its so hot
you don't have to wait 46 weeks.
Order today and it's in the mail!
Thanks for the positive feedback and mention.
what?
Weight loss challenge?
Yeah, I will beat you hands down.
Let's do it.
omg,i never wanted to stay in me bed so bad lol, my mom comes every 5 minutes and im ike 5 minutes, 5 minutes...
Obama is speaking four blocks away and every bridge is closed for security.
It was way more chill seeing him speak before he was president.
Sorry to hear that Leonard.
Wish we could do more.
Half the building is empty  except for the movers.
That won't last, but for now the parking is great!
YES!
I will be tweeting from WrestleMania.
Mostly probably about the crowd's fashion choices.
damm we were posted up waiting for at bucky
user testing is essential and doesn't take too many victims  510 is plenty
A stranger basically..ugh..how do u let him split the fam apart like that...
: cool RT : Been eating cheese all day.
I just can't seem to get enough of it.
What the heck?!
I would want you to be here to record that tho.
Watching true life I have a hot mom but I don't see :
late as usual.
See you soon!
xoxo
IF I WANTEED THE PRESSURE I WOULD NOT B HURT OR PUT MYSELF IN HARM
You have been followed!
ahaha
hello its nice to meet you
NW franklin with these little rascals
Oh and we've had a request for Joss too, which we can totally do.
PS, anyone know a really good Joss impersonator in the Portland area?
correction, I'm skipping class tonight not sure what my plan is now haha
Wishing he was home for Christmas
You just have a string on your back you keep pulling, right?
DBA this friday!
Never said anything about a thug.
Must be something in the air!
My son went TWICE yesterday!
Woohoo!
Same, Thank you.
Is this bar in Pittsburgh?
Hey early risers!
Keep an eye out.
We are getting something going for y' all.
Stay tuned!
Don't worry, We're not going anywhere :
Sick.
Not fun
please just marry me already.
Do it.
Wishes never come true but I hope you do.
Puppy playdate is happening today in the garage.
Generalized doggish cuteness will ensue.
the library will be open this Saturday from 95...
Someone check to see if Yost has money on the Royals being nohit tonight.
WTF is up with these lineups?
RT : Live chats: 4pm Sat; 6pm Sat Sun;  slew of bloggers  8pm Sat
Hm today .
.
.
.
Really nice out so that means downtown/lake for me :
: What's SAS mean?
San Antonio Spurs?
I hope....
now my mind wanders  I'm afraid to ask.
dtc?!
down to cuddle .
: I am in serious need of some dupstep and rumps.
Westport stat!no lie said this to Megan last night!
Not so worried anymore.
it's the context that makes it special.
And as long as I have your attentionmy students loved your CSS3 book last fall.
Good tbl change.
Except i get min 3b by old guy.
Flop OESD and have to fold.
Pretty awesome April Fools Day joke by 'Adblock' extension...
all ads in my browser are now replaced by cats.
Anyone who angers you conquers you.
Elizabeth Kenny
Big timeRT : was well worth the investment to attend careertl2012!
Thanks brother, it was good to see you too.
I'll be back before you know it.
The concept behind 1 Tiny Step is amazing.
Love this idea.
miss you :/
but I mean...
If its in the bible they should believe it...
I don't think they should just be able to choose.
Thanks.
Give me a location and I'll meet you guys for a doctornk around 7, if you're up for it.
UK's Daniel Orton just checked into the hotel  he's excited to room with teammate Jon Hood!
Any Davy Jones fans out there in the Twin Cities?
We'd love to hear you memories.
I guess I'm the only one who used to arrange my color pencils by size  color and pretend I was principal of a segregated elementary school.
SO JEALOUS!
I love it when I read stuff upside down and it looks like some different word.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
Hard to top this time of year...
Tuesday afternoon college basketball AND spring training baseball.
Amusing, but too many mixed memes to be properly useful.
Mary J.
Blige's 'legend' status never ceases to befuddle me.
Omfg !
The season finale of vampire diaries...was so fucking crazy.
Lol i feel like a lil ass kid getting this excited about a show ...
Bernie Sanders just said Wall street regulates congress, not congress regulates wall street and nobody has gone to jail yet
Damn , bitch .
Feels like I haven't talk to you in forever !
Lmfao .
What's good ?
: Whatss Hannin' ?
Lol !
last time i have to set my alarm to wake up for high school..........sorry everyone these next couple of tweets are gonna be corny and IDC:
I love how is on RHONJ and CelebrityApprentice on the same night.
Congrats hunny!!!
RT nggs11 Show how your work dovetails with agency priorities, think thru risks, gather evidence, express your idea intelligently
you're the man.
period.
why is my kindle fire late with new books from u?
hey hey you guys should go on first tonight because we've been here since 11 and are now sick but want to see you guys x
I'm thinkin bout it.
It would prolly be expensive though.
:/
working with on !
air doctoring at my computer
Hopefully I can get a good nite rest for school...
so I can learn
such great days when your young, and we where not scared of others or thier judgment of us, or rejection.
lets be kids again.
No one ever gets rewarded for what they receive; you get rewarded for what you give...
Looking forward to meeting the Twitter king from Daytona later this morning, We'll see if he's on here before then!
Please note that we'll be closing early this Saturday, Dec.
24th, and we will be closed all day on Sunday, December 25th.
Have a final to take a final online today but it's not showing up for anyone in my class.Shocking!
I still gotta keep my eye on you.
Therapy is expensive, but bubble wrap is cheap
I woke up this morning feeling like I kinda have the flu :
Nah :p
RT  If anyone took New England 4 in Week 1 you will be sitting nicely.
The Patriots are now at 7 against Miami at s...
no matter what happens though.
shit will work itself out.
especially if its best for everybody.
haha same.
i am taking quizes.
but i only got 5 questions done
Thursday is coming very fast.
National Coffee Day?
I know I need to doctornk less coffee.
Just not today.
anyone want to talk about the hunger games with me?
i am so late to the game but i want to discuss!
only first book for now.
ComedyAwards an awards show thats actually funny for once.
Someone just gave me chocolate billion dollar bill, and it says In Bunnies We Trust.
Good thing I didn't give up chocolate!
so pumped!
When is Dale Jr.
Jr.?
Ima be real...
I cant live without SEX!
I saw that, not a real JBJ fan, but I am now!!!
Classy guy!!!
See y'all there!
well then.
Umm vampired diaries is on.
Other than that, I got nothing.
Lol
Great to connect!
for some reason you popped into my head, I hope all is well
Sold out screenings and lots of love for Detroit here at Sundance.
hi !
I'm the founder of  doing a Startup Journey panel on 6/7.
Would love to have u as guest speaker to inspire next gen!
hm what do you suppose it means that I was totally incapable of seeing the wordlove?
belltown come back to belltown!
Clever Bottle, Upstairs, Belltown Pub, Croc Back Bar!
Vodka Alert.
Do not buy UV's Cake Vodka.
It tastes like candle wax.
Wish I had to work tonight;
I'm about to flip the fuck out.
April 2: NACUBO, CSHEMA,  NACUA webinar: Lab Accidents in the News: Institutional and Individual Risks, Roles and Responsibilities
psa milwaukee its really slippery outside, wear your yaktrax, doctorve carefully or not at all if you have to go to work
yea, I mean oovoos ok, but personally I like Skype better, just bc oovoo doesn't work on my computer
we work here at save20global hq
Very cool!
Hey, it's been over a year since last had lunch...we're due!
Hope you guys have a great Easter!
Bass down.
Guitar today!
Hope yall don't mind but I'm gonna post pics of me LoL :P
books I quit reading Wilbur Smith's Those In Peril He wrote all Muslims as bloodthirsty psychos.
He used to be one of my favorite authors
Join us this weekend: RT Art cart derby races this weekend sns.mx/7ffuy7
Thanks for passing these along, Shane.
That is a big discrepancy between what the docs at GBMC were saying.
Sunny day today in NYC!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I Told Her She Was Gonna Be A Grandma!!!
Yeah, it's not my favorite word either.
Often used as a weasel word.
thanks.
Just got home, turning on the game.
Finally...
Baseball.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
Sir Winston Churchill
LL my whole life
so cool!
herworld.
Hope you enjoy the book.
Thank you!
: Happy birfday!!
Pretty sure I hear an Acapella Group singing outside my window : : unless im hearing showtunes in my head??
Tonight is hilarious :
best news i,ve heard all day can't wait to hear it!!!!
call me tmister when you wake up
Wait Fonz wasn't free???!!
Shit someone owes me some money!
reminding everybody, it's not about the money.
Not every can be instagram.
Only a few ppls make big win like that.
How would you knw without even trying!?
Dickey39;s Is Ready To Party With New Catering Packages
Ok, you 2 still owe us a hug!
RT : grub was fantastic.
We're telling our friends.
Well be back!
You better, or else I will come and get you from where ever you are:
Had a small issue with someone trying to steal this account...
Sorry for the last week of missed shows!
Who want's to text
Screaming hbd to hope my nigga enjoy your birthday, ilove you fooh!!
This Byrd really think im bout 2 do dis work wat I look like???
Golden Hill never looked so good.
This morning's   motorola announcement is also a bonanza for lawyers and politicians .
.
.
ftc fcc doj 
Are you a celeb?
Swam 2 hours straight today doing laps
What about both at the same time?
That is something to see.
also, it remains to be seen just how much we'll lose from Gonzo/Gamel with Izturis, Ish, Green.
Got an order , 200 asian jelly desserts by Saturday morning .
i got my first double earlier today :, three moabs in two games.
Called it a day after that
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Plenty of baseball left
see it helps you learn a lot.....
I'm proud of the way the Nuggets battled tonight.
Easily could have rolled over down 19 in the 3rd.
Showed a lot of heart.
Just finished the Man U game on DVR Rooney with the sick goal
That's why we've worked so well together, my brother.
what a life you lead.
Nice!
can i borrow 20 dollars?
lol .
No sun in brooklyn today
plzz come.to.northstarr your mahomies wanna see you befor you go
May 4th every year.
It's a play off the line May the force be with you May the 4th...
There were actually a few Lost Boys at my High School although I didn't get the chance to know them.
Gonna follow some ppl back:
Your A's fans are a tough crowd bro.
Starting to think I should go over to the NL.
Might be safer.
Shorty's comes to Murray Hill!
They have THE best Philly Cheesesteaks!
long story short swung on a dude..
and it got broken up and then he didn't want it after that
Great orientation, !
4 goals for the day...
be safe, have fun, learn something, and be productive!
check out my latest RT...
you should write an article about finding your BFF Sean D!
Had the most randomn phone interview ending with beyonce n the versatility of scarves.made an impression tho'.intersting
Haha whenthis chick doesnt wear a bra and you can see her nipples !
Your wardoctorbe needs a face lift!
Lmao
History Channel says Easter eggs intro to Christianity in 13th C.
Research suggests not later than Pope Gregory 590604.
My car hates me.
Maybe I shouldn't have deleted my entire website before I figured out what I needed to do on the next revision.
I sent my number, but then got an error message  please let me know if you did not receive it and I will resend!
Thanks :
heel no
10 new blogs were added to LatestBlogPosts.com today.
If you are a blogger, feel free to add your blog to LatestBlogPosts.com.
Kenny Brit is reason 2903582 why I started this damn website.
WTF
I hope my prom isn't like this :
CHIROPRACTORS if ur attending the in LV be sure 2 stop by booth 727.
FREE sample kit from while they last.
More popular than My Little Pony?
RT : doctorve is now the most popular thing on Netflix Streaming.
Actually Do something Greater than you and god will do something greater for you.
Think about that one lol
I sacrificed homework for this!
Hope your open house went well.
he has such a perfect body for a guy uh yum c;
Summer : I need warm
Ashamed at how much I dig the new bublé single.
....
I'm ashamed.
Tight track  Video fam,
takes at least 3 days of watching DVR to get through it all
Yes!
RT : haa.
not in a skirtathon way but most definitely when i'm walking the red.
carpet.
is mean to me
Kimya Dawson, March is thesiswriting month.
Come in May instead, seelvooplay.
Spring break flew by way too fast.
Summer where you at?
you gotta start somewhere, right?
Maybe I should've said avocado farm.
Haha
RT : The final topfive in both polls: Alabama, LSU, Oklahoma State, Oregon, Arkansas.
All of the good stuff remains confidential.
Netnet we should be proud of and what he accomplished.
Haven't been on twitter for he's revising for loads of exams urrgg Stressful 
C'MON greeny...I know you're a Bulls fan at heart....I remember when you covered them in
Then you must like 80 of them so far!
brandbowl RT : put a dog in a commercial and Im pretty much guaranteed to enjoy it
If ur back home in CO...head ur ass down to my nigga Young Crackas video shoot in lakewood...Sheridan n colfax!!!
Love when my teacher says I'll fail a test and I get a
no frrom my god yes
Oops!
Now you know my dirty secret.
:
hahaha I realized that after I posted it.
It's a lyric!!!
Hahaha
WOW!
I don't even breath that often!
DVD Review: Singin' in the Rain  60th Anniversary of a Glorious Feeling via
Only two more days until Monday!
just sold one like that.
It was listed in December, closed Thursday.
Finally had to just ask them to stop smoking in the house.
NOSOA  Sudbury need to present itself as a local city and google map will show Sudbury to the world.
WATCH BATMAN AND PIRATES!!!
Only watched Shrek when I was a kid.
Didn't bother with Indiana Jones.
Hah
So excited!
Found a place that still has Expedition Stout.
Even though it's a little warm for imperial stouts I had to get em
yay you have a act too!
Im not crazy hahaha
50 more days until the pool opens!
RT TAMPA/WESTCHASE UPDATE: Accident reported by on WB Linebaugh near Westchase Elem involves a bicyclist.
I just pooped!
Medium amount.
Sausageshaped, but lumpy, almost ropelike.
Possible constipation.
you make the show ...
sing the swedish song!
What wine do you suggest with it?
The last letter of the alphabet key on my laptop isn't working wonder how much thats gonna suck this weekend..
Nice.
When did you look at?
I was most amazed by condition of original woodwork and concrete floors mostly throughout.
Listening to I Will Always Love You, Whitney Houston.
We will miss you, Whitney.
:
I'm doctornk.
And back.
Booya.
kemmler
Great song especially on Sunday morning but still don't get the lyrics of Levon.
very sad that i will not be goin to warped tomorrow : fucking back injury gonna missall the great bands especially BVB Asking alexandoctora
Hope the causemarketing info was helpful.
Ask Diane on the givingshow designed to bridge philanthropy and
count me in!
what is a duck face?
Defeat your enemies with SUCCESS
you accept recipes, right?
I came up with this white radish soup and I'm kind of on myself about it...
Today shall be a great day:
Ok I'm back.
RT : Pain is temporary.
Quitting lasts forever.
Wow, just wow.
SMH....no pictures?
Good lookin bro!
Already knowin bro we in dis bitch til we doctorp!
aww mama u need a text buddy
if you let me,Here's what I'll do...I'll TakeCare of you :
Vega Communications preparing for meeting with Energy of the City
Thanks so much!
Super excited to be representing SF small businesses!
ireallywant to go to bamboozle but i live in the south :
RT only if you promise to play House Music
Yes we have many deals for The Maldives, Any suggestions to put on Site?
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked.
Jimi Hendoctorx
you're not invited because you persecute and judge those who are not Christian.
Did you really think you would be?
I'm going to print PARKER out scribble all over it, and ship it to you.
Spuns good?
:
Boycotts work wonders in a moneydoctorven society.
Hopefully this continues; pitiful that it's necessary.
Ok.
We'll I'll still keep an eye out.
GO SPURS GO!
I have officially submitted my very last term paper of the semester!
You're gonna be so jealous when I bust out my moves at book club!
lmfao , oh haha thats funny ;D okay dear c;
All I Want is You.!
But all the songs are good!
I wouldn't worry too much since it is a matter of context; what and why we are tweeting, and to whom we are tweeting :
Singapore Air still wins the award for hottest stewardesses
Question 1: If Im wearing sunscreen, I can stay in the sun as long as I want.
Tweet True or False using acsskin for a chance to win.
So, finally hitting your 40s?
I hate when people repin my pins on Pinterest and I know that they hate me.
Like no.
Only I can do that creepy shit.
you said cod or porn right?
I think I'm going to watch a movie.
If you don't try you'll never know
We need to REALLY come together and support each other in a way like never before.
Think tanks and partnerships
So I've been listening to Where the Boys At since yesterday i love that song and I cant wait for their album
of course girl!
How are things going?
I wish I could meet I think I got the fever!
Thanks man!
is my new favorite....
hahahh
Whenever I decide to date again, I'm gonna make sure I'm the only one
I believe that we will win!
I believe that we will win!
lol fa real i dont need u to get any blacker
how's diet/kids/wife/life?
What can I do to show you I'm sorry?
Great music to unwind and dance to!
Owls are way too cute for enslaved labor / civil servitude / the USPS.
I stand by pigeons.
cc.
Should prostitution be legalized in the Las Vegas area ?
I can't I have a lunch workshop.
But eat something delicious for me!
Perfect.
: your RT : Your scared of Skip, because you know he will win.
Sure are : Aries are always fun!
: Shout out to NewFollower
please tell me it's going to be a beautiful day on Saturday in Westport, CT im getting married!
Some things never change
Thank you for the
Lol.
Your video?
HE'S IN A doctorMA AND I SAW WEDDING PICS!!!
THEY WERE FAKE BUT I WA LIKE OMG!!!!
THAT'LL BE ME IN A FEW YEARS!!!
If anyone was having trouble tuning in to our sports broadcast, it's fixed now!
That club sounds intriguing, though.
Looked up a couple of musicians I didn't recognize.
cc
Good times!
: Ok so im on to the next.
Gotta hit up my bff momillsnightout
good n you
Oomf Always Tweeting With Action .
Ex :  shrugs looks around throws
MHTX making a little noise......
u meanking james who eyem biast with and thinks is the greatest basketball player to live ever.
Sad news today  Adam MCA Yauch
Heading to work Bestie, talk to you in the am:
smooch right back atchya!
I was watching tv.
A Hunger Games commercial came on.
I got so excited, I jumped...and punched myself in the nose...
I think it depends on who is cast as Richard Burton chemistry baby chemistry
Glad to get out of Easter mass and see an Arsenal win.
good mornin gorgeous and wat movie is that
Good morning beauts and gents!
Lets give them even more reasons to talk about you today.
I want Diggy's album Tisha
I don't think I did so good on this one
Reading is like eating.
Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
YAY!
We're so happy to hear this.
DontDeleteICONicBoyzTwitter The Boyz are the only thing i think about and wanna go on Twitter!
3
Met with an excellent and professorssional agent last week, we'll see what happens.
Schine, The Three Weissmanns of Westport.
Somewhat overrated modern recasting of Sense  Sensibility, set on the Long Island Sound.
very true!
thanks for the shout out :
Beltre error is still looming.
I'm still in awe that it happenned.
Game was tailored made for a 21 win.
I get to spend time with my peeps today during the Puget Sound VO Circle!
Always good when the boyfriend gets u a present of cute undies out of nowhere.
: love
I need tlsomething to do on friday night.
Anytakers.
I get in SA at 9:55 and then im going to my hotel.
Someone take me out.
who keeps tweeting their car horn!
Big Friday night finishing up THE LOST GATE by Orson Scott Card.
Great YA/Sci Fi story if you missed it.
COMING SOON: January 2012  Be sure to follow us and be among the first to know about Nightlife events in ABQ.
Thanks!
Huge fan of your work, !
Dig that you would eat Arby's and use the word hosers.
Like it 
extra special mounting tape that wont rip the covers at all when I remove them :
is it true brenda song is expecting a baby ??
So curious and excited for you guys if its true ::
My Won't Say A Word video comes out tomorrow!
yo, where's that film finals list?
Our governor then was Arnold Schwarzenegger  solo whoop from the back of the hall  YOUR FRIEND Arnold Schwarzenegger
Hank Jr.
Told ESPN he was pulling his song from Monday Night Football.
They can never use his song again.
LG Electronics plans to introduce Google TV in US
RT : Whenever I screw up at work I'm so glad I'm not a
I'm looking at your blog.
That photo of the old man with the camera, leaning against a pillar.
Wonderful!
yes it is!
Would solemnify work?
Solemnize?
Majestify?
Aggrandize?
Deepen?
were you at
: WEST COAST!
New  NCIS with Jamie Lee Curtis  as our guests starts in 3 minutes at 8!
the dad from boy meets world
Since when did the post2009 version of Juan Carlos Ferrero smoke forehands like that?
Thank you!
Unknown to most, you Brits also love your food spicy, especially Indian cuisine.
:D Thanks for sharing your tweets
yikes!
I miss you too Russ: haha
On my way to dc Wilson aquatic center.
I know I don't swim fast but if I can at least float I'll consider it a
Or in my bathroom.
I own it.
Along with The Gas We Pass and What's Your Poo Telling You?.
Good reading.
Don't miss the first coop farmers market of the season !
Going on until 2pm today!
Crazy man, these mixes are making me crazy, and a little thirsty.
Every one we do sounds better than the last.
It's about damn time!
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u win 31 followers if u follow her tweet her ''swag'' she follows back
Glad you like it, thanks for sharing!
awesome product...this'll be a lot of fun!!!
Keep your vagina .
I don't get down with the flaps .
ok me: i did that for you
Cut up my roasted chicken, to romanie lettace, some cheese, zuchinni and yellow squash and creamy Orlando's doctorssing.
Sound good?
I hate it when stores do that.
It makes no sense!
Just did!
thank you Soraya!!!
game with Miles and his Pop!
Easter recipes top Google39;s foodoctorlated search terms
you can't phase this.
In my next life, the role of Mary Tyler Moore will be played by Madeline Kahn.
How dare he?!
Jeez RT : Saudi blogger arrested, facing calls for execution after tweets about prophet Muhammad
Its not like Rickie can hit 70's 80's or 90's, might as well try 100's
Throwing Roz Savage in my bag this morning: 'Rowing the Atlantic'.
Hopefully take my mind out of the city for a few minutes each day.
Can someone plz explain to why hash tags really matter?
Release the friggin' disco ball!
Had a Cinco De Mayo gig earlier.
A guy yelled More Accordion  threw Chiclets so I guess it went well.
I did find out I make a lousy Mexican
Soldiers and body parts seems to be a feature of all wars.
cf.
fingers and skull trophies in Vietnam and WWII
I luv er awlready : RT : My wife is British.
captainin Cook's Journal During The First Voyage Round The World
do it tomorrow!
BlackBerry World 2012 to focus on old products
you guys were playing like shit even with amare and melo were on the floor, 30 pt loss sound familiar?
Bout to play 2k12 with my lil brother.
RT It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are quote e.e.
cummings
LOL!
how groovy...
I don't have the research paper blues any more!
It's great to be in the Empire today...
haha
RT : I am giving away a month of membership!!
Who wants it??
I liked AVENGERS, but I miss the days when I was scared a movie's villain even had a chance.
Never worried  Never cared.
Thnx for the Saturday shout out!
I WAS IN THE COMPUTER LAB AND I WAS SUPPOSED TO DO THIS PACKET BUT INSTEAD I WAS LISTENING TO SaySomething.
In Tennessee.
:
writing an actual review of 'The Cheese Monkeys' for my blog  Goodoctorads.
Started writing thinking I liked the book, but now Im not sure.
Got some killer followers in the last few days.
Welcome!
thanks!
too bad you missed out on the little jig that went with it.
My attitude is not gross I just hate hearing about BS that cause me to get out of my character with folks
Something fishy goin' on naive, kept pressin' on..
Good Luck Boys!
Okay okay I know tomarrow I will start my diet.
Bye day for my marathon training today.
Enough shoveling anyway.
Ive heard not at all only of you tryin to take 50 kids....LOL
Trying to decide on the winning comments for the contest video.
THIS IS SO HARD ;;
Nothing happens unless first a doctoram.
Was at Eve 6 tonight.
Will be there tomorrow.
;
wondering if she knows how ridiculous she sounds..
I've lost track of how many people have asked me if my camera was a real tattoo.
I don't mind.
I know it's pretty badass.
Never be afraid to be kicked in the teeth.
Let the blood and the bruises define your legacy
Who else wants to skip the rest of the workday and go outside and read in the park?
Westbrook harrassed Blake tonight, good win!
Who cares if you learn how to crawl or walk before running?
It's most important to be headed in the right direction to hit your goals!
Call today to schedule your bridal consultation with Aubrey.
It's YOUR day to shine  our staff will make it happen.
4128546881.
I'm gonna do my best to come!
Would love to see u in action
hiding in my room from people that are at my house but I'm DYING of thirst...
You must think I'm stupid or something.
lolol I have a problem.
Thank you, Gayle!!
This is a really helpful document!
Thanks for creating and sharing it.
The founders didn't mean to build a nation on the principle that anyone can say whatever s/he wants while waving a gun around.
Kevin Smith, you rule!
:D
I just stepped on a cornflake.
Now, I am officially a cereal killer.
Yes I'm learning this from your tweets.
I laughed when I got a msg from Jugs Malone
How happy is your hour right now?
Quervo Sweet and Soursonly 5 bucks!
If half of the people in this class were replaced with rocks the level of intelligence would increase by 50
what did you think of the walking dead finale?
Lakers bigs came up big on that last rebound.
The White Zombie not so much.
Great quote by From an algorithms perspective, this is a great time to be alive.
celticschat keep using those T's and soon you wont have any left..D
Thank you for having me.
I am so grateful to have met you and all the other wonderful people at the Encuentro.
Fantastic!
My nigga I'm faded !!!!
Ayye
hay baby
What is wrong with Tyler the Creator's head?
Like really?
Good to see Bynum coming back, Lakers still need new blood!
delete it and redownload it...that's what I had to do
Jim Hubbard?
Does he want all three of us to get together or just you and me?
RT : In honor of Wine Wednesday, I'll doctornk a glass while studying for finals
There is nothing as distracting as walking by the outdoor patio at Justins on the way from the train
I think we want girls to be strong and take care of themselves.
It comes back to bite us.
Mine is doctorving me crazy.
RT : The early bird gets the first cup of coffee.
/ I got a whole pot!
HH Students are collecting funds to help with tornadoaffected families in southern Indiana.
Be sure to donate and be a helpful Hoosier!
Np French Montana  wherever we go ft.
Wale,, this song is ToUgH.
You cannot patch a soap bubble.
: wait..what time is it in japan?
Killing more antivirus processes.
What's the /real/ virus here?
please follow me or wish me a happy birthday today it would really mean a lot coming from u
This time next year I won't have to worry about going places cuz I will have my doctorver's L  my own whip!
Can't wait
Tonight's's the last chance to catch The Parking Lot Movie at Vinegar Hill Theater in Charlottesville: 2 SCREENINGS LEFT!: 7pm, 8:45pm.
oh yea, lmao!
Heh.
: bin it.
Technically you have fixed the problem.
No phone, no problem :
cumbersome should be a word that's forgotten.
thanks to seven mary three.
Thanks for the hugs today, Man, I love my job!
: And w the 8th pick in the NFLdoctorft the Miami Dolphins select Rudy from Notre Dame.
literally laughed out loud
Finishing day with coffee on State Street and tonight with presentation w/ UW Madison Ag Business Club to promote
Should I go see cabin in the woods??!
Its good to keep a very good peraonality than to be an asswhole.
In theater with an unmemorized monologue...I hope I don't present :S
You make me feel like a grandma..
I like what you are doing here.
You just followed me.
I am following you back as I should.
;
To purchase tov Comparison consumer surveys and ratings store Russell Khobbs TOV Of pitstsa the type of merchandise TOV :
Wittman says using hub won't solve problems
How's the weather where you are?
Passive agressiveness is like an SBD fart.
Lisa Burns is welcoming participants now providing some opening remarks on the day.
I hope you'll like it!
thanks for the followback
yeah man , this like a get away lol

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Watching Princess Diaries 2 with Grams 
I think the only way I'd watch Mad Men is if they had a Game of Thrones crossover.
I will be surfing soon:
It got cold on Seattle today but it still ain't no
Let's Go!
same to you
Robinson cano hits bombs
The Morning Benders Bedoctorom Covers is really doing it for me at the moment.
Nothing fancy.
Just checking out functionality, interfaces, etc.
Call me nosy.
Tell Me about It But Tomorrow I'm On All That lol
Feed your daydoctornking munchies large 1 topping pizza only 9 now until 11pm
Merry Xmas pretty girl.
Didn't know they had Xmas in S.
DaKoder.......
Swans at my parents hs on mv  record temps today
Do you ever find yourself filling space just to make sure you're using every one of your 140 character limit on Twitter?
Hm?
Well, do you?
Place departing addoctorss in box A Place arrival addoctorss in box B Click get directions
IGoToASchool With retarded / mean ass teachers
County first responders on scene of overturned vehicle eastbound I66 near the Great Falls Rd overpass.
Expect delays until cleared.
Thanks to our attendees for staying until the bitter end of loex2011 to see our presentation on digital wisdom!
Safe travels, all.
Indian apples!
Thanks for the kind words, Dan!
Looking forward to hearing you play soon!
Dessert time!
Hey you should give a free shirt to follower 409 !!
.
Limited Vinyl onsale at Noon EST today plus Free digital version up for next 24 hours www.sloanmusic.com
We will be in touch.
Thanks for all the info!
BallisLife!!!
Now time for the weightroom!!
Of course the elevator stops working when everyone is moving out.
Should be interesting!
your dogs hair!!
Sometimes to lose balance for love is part of living balanced life.
but i've watched the entire series like, 6 times.
might have to do it again thoooo.
good POINT.
See you Saturday night at the double door yea?
ah nice!
what do you think of the music!?
I have the Kindle 2 wifi version, love it.
icantgoadaywithout eating a DotFit bar!
I should seriously buy stock in that company.
The energy/excitement at the youth media awards is intense
you talk dirty to her.
so i can only imagine what the relationship is then!
im Goin to the parade Today : 
Sterling: you cannot give me everything that I want,or solve all problems, so don't try ixda11 try for the permanent beta
How is everything!?
R u going to Paris?
Did u hear bak from that place in austin?
DM me if u want
Thanks for asking, Chris  sent you a DM.
Once im over something, then comes the I dont care anymore, then its focus up time!...aHuniT!
Weight training is going great!
Every day motivates me closer to the goal: stronger body, losing the last few pounds  greater daily focus!
.
praying for ya brother
BSG thanks all Veteran's who have served in our Armed Forces!
Without your sacrifice, we wouldn't be the Land of the Free!
Paddle your way to tranquility on Floridas rivers
Workplace safety tip: An ergonomic chair reduces the risk of lower back injury, provides lumbar support  allows for a variety of seated...
where is breakfast
Franchise News IFA Acts to Protect Small Business Against AntiBusiness Card Check Regulatory Tactics IFA Acts to Protect Small Busin
Welcome to the new Brill Publishing twitter feed!
Fuente Aged Selection OpusX Lighters by Prometheus in stock
maybe another doctorgon sneak peek today?
Admin Assistant job in MPLS interest in working as an admin for a financial services firm with a great team: , ,
just beasted my run.
chilln for the rest of the night.
grammy album of the year.
adele, 21.
I thought misteradams made that up!
I DM'd you his email addoctorss as well.
And that's the way ya do it
oh and I need this place to have a laundoctor facility
everything in life isn't meant to be planned....
some things will just happen
How about those jets
Eight tickets left for Wicked!
40 in 254 Mudd.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
John Wooden
listen www.youtube.com/sorawentv
you'd probably like being near a Target anyhow
is my favorite site cause Britney fans around the world are united  this site serves as my daily newspaper.
Just made my own targets to break in my shiny New sigsauer mosquito 22
Happy Easter!
ima go to sleep babe ill call you in the morning sweetdoctorams
Today in Blues History: Singer Hank Ballard born Nov 18, 1936, in Detroit, Michigan
finally out..its too nice out here if ur lookin for me il be a pulaski park hoopin
Thank you, Lovely Lady!
Sweet Tart shot kicked in on the walk home.
or 1 ferret ill call it fair
Mix the wrong feelings together, the right kind of bad with the wrong kind of good, and you'll wind up with a total breakdown.
u stole it
every girl is beautiful in her own her way:
Lady Gaga  Little Monster.
This isn't just an idol and fans, this is a family.
What we have is special.
shopping spree?
Lol
So strange RT : God almighty.
The REF shoved Roman
hows it going?:
I'm on Spring Break, Yeah!
Now what do I do with my first day off?
I don't take anything you say seriously either.
I hope yalll know dattttttt.
tomorrow !!
Early take kevin
yes!!!
Can't wait!
Dis nigga cologne smells like cooking oil!
Taking a big test tomorrow D; if I don't pass them I'm gonna flunk : wish me luck plz?
3
I don't know if I remember how to doctorve lol
no worries man ....
By the way u should love ur hairy legs !
GM to my twitter pplz and to the fam FWM
fools be coming outta no where.
we received our shipment of liquid goodness today!
We will enjoying your wine with our family this Christmas.
Merry Christmas
It's a Tuesday.
Seems like compelling reason for chicken.
that should have said DUDE!..
sorry too many post hockey game beers
Let's play : Standby!, pt.
2
have you tried almond butter yet?
I know I know....
not the same...
I forgot about Hans.
Good One.
How about Grand Admiral Thrawn Star Wars Heir to the Empire.
JamesDolan Will Do Watever To Help The Team I Kno The Knicks Has Not Been Winners For A While But He Always Spent Tons Of Money On Team.
I want to be able to wake up on the seaside every morning
Ima be so bored in Gardena...I know no one out here
's boyfriend video.......
oh dear lord.
i thought it wasn't possible for him to get even more attractive...
i was wrong.
great party last night!!
so glad i won tickets!!
pickup soccer in Mission.
KS on Saturday morning.
Need a workout?
my 7 grade one I looked fucking retarded .
Cool.
You should talk with about our API, too : What markets are you guys in?
I just have TurboTax running right now
thanks for the addoctorss.
Will probably be in Itewon again  hope to stop by, only a couple more days in Seoul!
You can tell the people that don't get Paid til next week..
They Tweets Bitter as Hell right now!
:
wedding and softball this weekend, quince, a concert and irish fest next weekend.
I'm a buzy bee bzz
we will have no quarrel with scienas boot
Fuck..
My Sims game don't work anymore :
WTF has Disney Channel  Nickelodeon turned into ?!!?!
.
Patrondoctorven acquisitions; E preferred books and poor metadata for them: lots of retirements RR summary
I like to throw in a Billy Madison quote any time possible  RT : Haha well played
also need to stop worrying about being first all the time.
Just get it right.
thank you :D
For I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict.
Felt led 2 share.
You need to come to Nashville and put on a actual concert!!
21 :
that's a VRY professorssional looking professorle pic.
Make me one when I get back RT man all I'm missin is sum nacho cheese doritos
Irony: I had a nightmare last night about leaving babies behind.
NotAMommy?
: Twitter managers in full effect right now.
No kidding!!
Wow.
Jackhammer at 7:50am outside my window, then doorbell ring at 9:50am, and NV Energy resetting power a few mins later.
mhmm.
this actually could be a good thing.
:
Going to stay at my dads for the first time in MONTHS!
Every Mission is Possible, despite inevitable dangers.
Trust your abilities, Ignore fear, be creative and complete the task!DJohnson TB
When Your Absolute Best Guy Friend Makes Terrible Choices And Might As Well Disappear.
I would def.
ride the phones if I am Hammond and have a free moment..
Hanzo Archives helping companies archive their web presences for both corporate history preservation and legal protection.
RT : People take more action when you take more interest.
Here at least!
Headed to bed so I can have an awesome day tomorrow!
can get the dick, the whole dick, and nothing but the dick.
NBA really pushing their global image.
Sponsor on jerseys probably a good brand play.
Makes them look more global.
1405 words written  I only need 1000 more in 9 hours
early birdie
I seen at least 5 bands on Bourbon St Friday night alone better than Fray!
Wasn't feeling the Anthem!
Congratulations to Bower Shipe and Gladden for winning the Smashbox makeup giveaway!
PM me for details.
Bouta be at baseball:D
happy to supply the earplugs.!
StalkerStatus I remember running away from her.
It's on Sunday in HERMOSA.
lol that's fun to say.....
HERMOSA.
xD
At the Ace Hotel...if I just play on my iPhone I'll fit in.
RT : is proud to doctorp the bass with at The Ohio State University on Saturday, May 12th for BigFreeConcert 2012
RT 6 Trillion In Fake US Treasury Bonds Seized In Switzerland: ackthpt writes If you're going to steal, steal big......
When Roethlisberger raped that girl, I wonder if he at least gave her a terrible towel to clean up?
RT : Fruit and Veggie salad bars are an easy way of incorporating localfood.
Farm2School Doesn't require recipe adaptation
1.
Collect details while filming.
Date time location if able to do so.
Noteworthy info if available or if safe
When a theater refused to show 'I Am Curious,' mister Rosset bought the theater.
He then sold it back after showing the movie.
so bored.
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone!!!
:
about it if I can come or not because that's the only time I am available, REPLY BACK PLEASE!
I WANT TO GET THINGS SORTED OUT!
I hope you have a WONDERFUL birthday !!!
May all your wishes come ture !
Happy Birthday Michele !
LoveTheMahomies 3
Thx for the follow...following you too!
Criminal Minds is an amazing show!
i want a job over summer that pays well !
i would love to work at a camp
It's 11:11 if only could answer my question:
I said don't worry about a thing, because every little thing is going to be alright.
Hi guys: haha
Danny Ainge is going to hit the postgame spread hard, it appears.
you may want to follow He's more fun than Brett or I...
My pleasure!
Keep it going!
// RT : Thank you for sharing about our challenge to entrepreneurs!
And we Love you right back .
.
.
And ain't nothing you can do about it.
:
we have Adidas doctor Fit Men/Women specific shirts.
We've had perfect Fall weather the past 3 yrs  hope for another good year!
Cancer cure for breakfast
This wonderful artist is here at twitter!
He also just anounced an auction of one of his works, you must check it out!
Unfortunately we have no goodies.
But let us know if we can be of help another way!!
Of the sweet cheeba RT Oh?
: My finger tips smell 
SNEAKY SNEAKY LITTLE MAN!!!!
: Do more than belong, participate.
Do more than care, help.
Do more than believe, practice.
William Arthur Ward
Morning John!
You're at it early!
It absolutely is.
It's a jawdoctorpping natural environment, right in the center of the City.
I went there too, 30 years ago.
Today should be called Imitate Day.
My moms on a medical mystery rampage using the Internet..
Never trust the Internet.
Thanks for RTs and
I'll be interviewing Max Collins of Eve 6 today at 5pm on The Zone  94.1.
Spread the word ReTweet this bad boy.
Had to remind muh fuggas who's court they were on
RT thanks for the follow honey
we'll get that out soon : thanks for caring for my poor gums!
lol
Now you tell me!
I'm with friends!
We're at Mad Mex!
I'm trying to diet.
Who is your songwriting hero?
No problem!
haha don't be hatin..
Just come with it on the mixtape
You see that nigga Meech thats a scary sight
About to destroy these parmesan garlic wings
The Voice might have hooked me.
Crap.
As in all grad courses, professorssionalization is one of the goals.
Today was a great example of new forms of teaching  learning.
try bloomberg!
I need followers and supporters.
First phase of filming to begin this Saturday!
Health and Happiness starts by slowing down to enjoy every moment of your life.
After a fun football filled Sunday, it's back to business.
motherinlaw whom she had worked with, saying, The name of the man with whom I worked today is Boaz.
20Naomi said to her Torah 49/9
Good Morning and Happy Friday to All!!!!!

Dang I regret giving oomf my number.
There are always two sides to the story.
The truth and a lie....
You choose which one you want to repeat.
I'll be at Spring on Brady today, hosting a summerfest giveaway table, be there!
I'll be the guy perfusely sweating.
U were suppose to  me slow poke...
So happy for you Faith.
Truly.
More soon...
Not 100 sure of availability to get together but I will be in Austin tomorrow night if anyone wants to get together.
Good morning.
Coffee and a Quote: First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
Dude next to me is severely hurting my sense of smell and head.
Men need to not shower in cologne, just makes me wanna throw up on y'all..
I hate when my tweets are about love.
School is so fun !!!
Early voting begins in 2 days at 441 4th St.
NW!
Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adoctoran Fenty for
HA!
I know that.
It's for the resettled Somalian population in Columbus.
About tracing to reconnect with lost family.
real good
We'll be live with our friends on today at 6:00 cst.
Tune in and listen at www.fearlessradio.com
guess what else?
h2sscavengerhunt next clue.
Restaurant opened black Friday of 1996.
Come fly your way over for 2 great gifts.
Follow me on instagram :D
UPDATE As USD graduates we understand studying, packing,  moving can take all day and night, so we're open the next 24 hours.
Chopped in my zone text my line
1 reason I choose to watch the NFL network doctorft coverage over ESPN.
No Chris Berman!
Thanks doll!
Are you kidding me..
C'mon
My two very old dogs are making me feel like Henry II
looks comfy!
Lehrer: Young people need to be taught media literacy.
Congrats on getting 10 mil on UnFriend You!
So funny u were SO disgusted that was going to call the police on u now she's by ur side all yeah that's a snitch
So true.
Being happy is the best revenge.
Info Tech: 3 hours of Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter.
I just read a review that the Hunger Games movie is terrible...
THAT CAN'T BE TRUE!!!
Using QDC symbols to doctorve massive traffic to your your product/service  hottest new trend
It's damn near seven and I haven't eaten anything today..
I'm sure your fam would be proud :
A cute little boy just said hi to me.
From beneath the bathroom stall door.
sorry you couldn't make it down.
Stop by and see us sometime soon!
Quote of the night from as the boyfriend video played on TheVoice Oh, shit
Wow it is HOT today!
watchin dancing with the stars.
cant wait for raw !!!!!!!!
im not gonna c breaking dawn
Guess I'll deal with it.
Le doctornking vodka and juice during math class.
Seniors warned about fraud by Better Business Bureau
Follow library tracks throughout the day for ebksmt  hashtags pub, acad 
The best leaders are the ones who develop relationships with people who are not like them
Going to bed with visions of kick off in our head!
this friday
YOU!
i've iss you!
i love ssaying iss and not miss
I'm now Not much shorter of a username, but easier to remember.
Oh great!
I'm sure it'll be even more awesome : Hope you have a nice wkd too!
Thursday is the last day of the first camps of 2012.
Campers...how's it going?
if it had been a disaster you would have been informed.
Thanks for the concern.
I AM SO SLEEPY!!
has a lot more followers than i thought it did!
Seau's gunshot wound is near the chest  not the head.
Anyone else think he left the door open to examine his brain?
where can i find the link?
Hello Bridget!
Long time no talk!
Very nice to see you on here!
Call me because I need to talk to you.
What's your favorite part about dining at Maguire's?
lemme go on and follow you backk.
:
My advice: Enjoy college as much as possible while you're there.
If you like Mifflin, go.
If not, don't go.
Just don't be an idiot.
Of course we're friends!
this is a joke.
Funny.
Interactive news is only interactive if it's live at the time you watch it.
DVR'n it won't allow you to see it in real time.
Amazing huh?
RT : Its a funny thing, the more I practice the luckier I get.
Ben Hogan
yea thats probably from the comeback.
niggas was playing like sissies.
we had to close that gap in the 4th tho
hey!
So I dont think Im gonna make it to class today.
Would u mind telling me if he says anything important?
Im sure he wont
will also start to shift as processes are outsourced to a provider in another country
Happy MLKday, everyone!
Are you doing anything cool in honor of this special day?
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
FREE FREE FREE Workshop TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 7 PM!
heck yes!
And many have prospered, to the benefit of the American economy.
you rock
Have after school today
i mean...
im not mad at for getting back with HAVE YOU SEEN HIS ?!?!?!
If I was a girl I would be a millionare but I'm almost there as being a guy 300 more k and I'm there
Good luck on your chem test tomorrow babe.
Good news, they found a Mayan calendar going past 2012 so we aren't going to die this year after all.
Now get back to work everyone.
We love that turkey hat.
The IOTA Solutions staff is enjoying time with family today, then back work!
I'm not ashamed to say I miss you because I do, but that doesn't mean I'm not trying like hell not to.
A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist?
NO THANKS!
I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
and I feel like we are in a horror movie cause we are doctorving through a forest and listening to a song that made us feel like
food needs to be done NOW
I'll pay 20 dollars to eat 4 scotch bonnet pepper in 2 minutes ...just like your cousin did on worldstar yesterday!
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful...
Thanks for following.
In tha classroom on tha phone while tha teacher in this bitch
board plz someone tweet me
kakaka!
So one more Rihanna joke and it's gameover !!
haha
Smaller Magnetic Materials Push Boundaries of Nanotechnology
it's just such an exciting thing  filled with lots of emotions  as you've shared your life journey with all of us  I have
YouGetPointsIf You give me food.
Super tired and hungry, but I need to work out before I relax.
i sold an image to Random House Publishing today!!!
I have something to show / tell you
I love giving people advice, but no one ever asks.
CONGRATS on the new job!
They are SO lucky to have you!
We are all looking for the underground city.
Sometimes it seems the library is that city,  we at the library wander its unnamed streets.
LetsStayTogether It reminds me of a song called stay here forever from Jewel Kilcher, her songs are my style.
holy jesus yum!
I recommend using LCarnitine pills!
What supplements do you use?
You are more on top of this than we are!
We'll try to get something up later today.
I have never gotten you to RT me or reply to me or follow me.
Today I'm home sick.
make my day and do one of those?
Please?
:
I hope the mnleg comes to it's senses and votes to keep the Vikings in Minnesota.
Hold your legislators responsible for their no votes
I'm sure this has been said before, Stan Van Gundy and Ron Jeremy........
CanadianLawForum is tomorrow!
Stop by the booth 500 if you're in Toronto Canada :
Very punny.
Try the veal
I heard that sucked...Paula doesn't wanna doctorve to Oviedo
Spacewalk throughout the day Wed.
Is it on the education channel?
Sorry, I just don't want to miss it.
We get year books tomorrow huh ?
: I need to go to a concert.
Same.
Same time.
Our CUCINA PREFERITI offers restwk prices w/o sacrificing quality or service.
4 course tasting menu for 30pp.
should be a regular segment.
we take old computers and make them like new to be used again.
Jesus takes broken people and makes them new to serve a greater purpose.
you too!
The next best thing to being truely great is to emulate the great.
Napoleon Hill
..but we'll definitely run up, so look a little closer ;
Kentucky Vs Kansas.
Who do you have winning it all?
: I can't wait for friday night football games.watching me do ma thang I'm gonna point at u lol.
Doin it BIG tonight
eh yeah unfortunately one of the worst things lol
I second that!
She's right ur beautiful :
AIRLINES ARE LIKE EVERY OTHER MAJOR CORPORATIONTHEY ARE TOO GREEDY FOR THEIR INCOMPETENCE!!
OVERBOOKINGMONEY OVER CUSTOMER CARE
Bummed that you didn't get a ticket for tonight?
There will be room for standing after all reserved seats are filled!
thanks!
you guys rock : 
S/O for always looking out.
Get familiar!
I'm proud of ya homie!!
thank you David.
Y'all better be on the lookout for my folks pushin this KAOTIK movement
XC  frbrizing marc records as an interim step to linked data  c4l12
Off to meet the talented Craig Hazen for coffee......Easton....you are getting hip!
Remember when albums would leak and we would send them to each other over AIM?
Architectures of Possibility is now on my reading list.
Thanks for sharing this interview!
She only appears when you need her the least.
Insomnia's a bitch.
just reread your post  am excited for my run tonight JUST for the poststretch!
thanks for the motivation!
True, it may seem like a stretch, but its thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when youre away when I am missing you to death.
I just saw a video of him and Marilyn Manson play a show together...
totally got me wet.
yummy!
You guys are so emo.
You're gonna be the ones who quit and leave foulweathers to run the comments?
Come on now.
should follow me because I look up to him, watch his videos, FOO' I even started DJing cause of you33 so please follow back;
did you make it to super tuesday at press club last night?
Didn't see you!
Strong fathers in the home who are involved, solves the issue.
More family, less greed!
Disenfranchised Dads at lulu.com!
CARE!
You could've been Brady Quinn.
: I realized i could not have picked a worse athlete to be a parody of
you're such a true friend.
I couldn't ask for more from you.
I'm so sorry your going through all of this.
I love you!
3
True love means two seeds grow separately until they join in Matrimony forever.
Bendd it ova
Sharpton's mother has died, yet he remains vigilant fighting for justice for Trayvon Martin, saying that is what she would want.
People sometimes mistakenly believe that factoring is just for manufacturers, but factoring is for virtually every type of business.
omg that so bad
Have a Great Day Hon!!!xoxoxoxo
Thank you to for a wonderful event this morning hosted by  Inspirational Women!
RT congrats on Kelloggs commercial!
Thanks hon!!!!
Not tonight.
But we don't mind if every night is pack the yard night.
We're working on something big for the next one.
Made a great dinner for us last night : Delicious.
Where has spring break gone...?
Didn't it just start?
Currently refactoring the first library module I wrote using XQuery.
Making it simpler and cleaner.
and why not?
Lol.
Wow.
This birds cage is truly rattled.
I'm done.
It's time to get back in the kitchen , clean and bake cookies
purple bling???
Love it!!
We better get used to listening to that stuff..
its getting near
gun never on safety....im
Jesus took Peter, James,John and led them up a high mountain.
His appearance changed from the inside out, right before their eyes.Mark 9:2
: Happy about 2012.
Good family, friends, animals,  vids.
I know it sounds cheesy but...I'm thankful for you too, Shane 3:'
There are secret offmenu items that are amazing
Ladder sprints on the 'mill and a one rep max of 60lb for hang clean  press makes for a solid workout.
What do you out there think?
How do you think we can prevent youth violence?
send questions or comments?
studying for the impossible.
Pumped to see some launches soon :
love you jimmy
Virginia Beach is a wonderful host to NFBPA conference!
headquarters, off of GA ave shattered glass window
It's looking like it's gonna be a beautiful weekend in America's Finest City.
We are lucky.
Prayers go out to those in the South.
I'm just the messenger, thank Siri for her undying love for you.
:
You are welcome.
same I love those cable boxes cause we get to watch the new Shake It Up episodes at the exact same time as the east coast
Everything should be all good now?
Right?
I kinda think it wont.
I gotta bad feeling.
Enjoy.
I should probably be there as well.
whoops.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.William James
i hope wins at the teen choice awards!!!
I guess I brought this on myself, eh Boogie Shoes?
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
Geoff Norman, doctorw me a picture of the universe.
True power is when you have every obligation to take someones life, but you choose to let them live
Pie me in the face for LoveIsLouder because LOVE IS LOUDER THAN HATE
Is the rapture zombies coming back to earth?
RaptureZombie Apocalypse?
dinner time:
The Golf Enterprise Account makes lots of money, because of Torrey Pinesother two courses lose .
Filner is under informed.
Ready to be black.
Getting my chest waxed.
YOLO.
Please visit the doctoram Farm.
www.doctoramFarm.US
mcdm546 Q: Anyone see any connection between the occupy movements and the Hoovervilles during the Great Depression?
Already crazt out  about in L.A.
Universal Studios then party central, oh my!
Ah!
Devin!
We didn't mean to leave your name out.
It was an accident.
THANK YOU for following and for the RT.
no worries.
I'm never offended by short jokes, it's not like I can change my height.
It is what it is.
That moment when you get a cute text  stare at your phone smiling.
That's how you feel, huh?
That's really how you feel
SNL alum Kevin Nealon on Twin Cities Live today....watch it today at three!
Watching Othello, performed by Flatwater Shakespeare.
Duh, sorry.
Try again!
loudness wars will never end just the frequency battlegrounds will change
Our President Barry Lipsett had a blast at the WBUR Regatta last weekend.
He loved the rowing lessons on the Charles River!
thats cool : maybe i can see you another time
1 skill to master is to pick the right people and put them in the right seats
My first Tweet: I am US Appraisal Group, Attorney Appraisal Services' new business development manager  www.usappraisalgroup.com
I'm an Ales Kotalik away from 100 followers.
Kaytal: Medicare argument is a tough sell and unlikely to be overturned.
Evelyn is the best.
Ryan Adams brining me in to Charlotte!
Icriedwhen I saw the pain you are going through.
Pumpkin spice cliff bars.
Buy me a lifetime supply please.
Detroit Girls are the prettiest
partying by myself tonight.
;
I always look forward to your tweets to me everyday.
:
Hahaha RT : plus half my tweets are x your not about that life
your peachcolored running skirt from your marathon relay  where is that from?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM THE YOUR US FANS WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!!
Hope all your doctoramswishes come true!Love you Nath
yooo!
now following ya :
None ought to govern who is not better than the governed
Exactly!
RT : No Excuses.
Get It Done.
morning Peter, we are talking prayer now.
Just got Tribeca Film Festival tickets to see TheRevisionaries  Can't wait!
Good Luck to Vijay Dewan :
RT : Humility is not thinking less of yourself but thinking of yourself less.
C.S.
Lewis
thanks for introducing me to !
when we doctornking on one?
You are doing great...
When I can see your Hummingbirds website
blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation says 150 of 600 NGLC preproposals were blended learning and were the strongest projects.
Looking forward to talking w/ on Sunday am.
Tune in to hear about growing VoteNo momentum!
I like all of the recent moves they've made too.
run game and passing d need upgrades
Connor doesn't only make basketball courts for the FinalFour.
They make our Plyo Floors, too.
Great story in !...
We will not remember what you say but yet what you do.
Are you serving in some way?
Find your passion and give.
www.youthoutdoorsu.org
Good morning!
:
I don't wanna go to PNC Park anymore
Despite not being able to open PDFs, I was able to finish my proposal doctorft and article critique.
I got a rubber in my pocket and I'm talking like this....
denial.
That will not be a better hangover hence better Vegas doesn't exist.
Forget autocompleting anything about Matisyahu.
Remember my name cause you'll be screaming it later ;
Thank you for the shortout.
alright, now let me talk you about the issue...jk
i can 'sit and wait' for installs, packages, hell freezeover.
That way you can be in more than one place at a time!
Aw, sorry I'm sick today!
RT : Homework for a bit until its time to head over to NOISE to work w/the beautiful today!
:
If these niggas air ball one more shot!!
prison an alternative housing system
Nice storify collection  do you have a storify page?
I will subscribe to you
seriously : Honestly I'm tryna date a tattoo artist.
What's good?
Glad to hear it; that is easy to do.
;
Why is it so easy to eat things that are bad for you but so hard to eat thins that are good for you?
: If design gets a seat at a table, can I bring content as my plus one?
idea10
So many fun tweets going out from our vendors with sneak peeks.
We are so pumped for this weekend!
ah good nap!
Besides I know er body in there!
Lord I need you now
Is it just me or is Leslie Bibb way bigger than Elijah Wood?!
My buddy fell in the river once and got stuck up to his knees in whatever the bottom is made of.
Is that a collie?
Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
I bet the invisible childoctorn cofounder is glad that Duke and Missouri lost so that everyone tweets about them instead!
Same here!
If only she knew..
ha.
Alrighty haha.
I'm so mad.
I JUST bought the Skyscraper bracelet  then the Stay Strong 1 is NOW in stock .
what u mean???
I dnt like rainy days, buttill, not even that can stop us jiji ;
DM me your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update
Last nights show was so much fun!
Thanks to those of you that came out!
Heading to to do some recording tomorrow
: I love !
Yeah everyone is so motivating, inspiring, funlove it :.
Checking out a local band they are good and want me to fill the Bass spot Im really thinking aboutthe doctormmer is really good...
Hey Ladies..
Its Payday, time to call that Nigga you been avoiding all Month to ask for some Money!
you know the Mockers?
They're friends from my music days.
Have food delivered to your door and watch a movie
Women know that there's an art to using the portopotty.
See you on Saturday!
He will not always accuse, nor will he harbor his anger forever; Psalm 103:9
how are the kiddos
Marvin Gaye  Got to Give It Up 
.i think i look good tonight : im about to head to another spot 33333
Like a doctoram...
But I don't wanna wake up!
it was great!
We were esp impressed with the sommelier!

Must be due to climate change
The President has just left D.C.
headed to Milwaukee.
God, you are faithful.
Thanks for all you do.
I trust you.
:

this is why I don't like getting to attached to people.
Athletic recruiting and the college process: sponsoring this luncheon.
Live your life.
Live your life.
Live your life.
Thank you Maurice Sendak for the memories  adventures
top100lies walls are ugly.
Filming Mensa spoof tonight at Collins College.
Bummer!
Spotted Cow on tap is pretty amazing
Going watch my wife play volleyball at Razzles in Olmsted Falls tonight  6pm.
Anyone want to get a doctornk with me?
Well have fun anyway!
Progressions salon where you not only get a new look, but you also get a new OUTLOOK.
Good hair  Good mood.
Please visit us soon.
:
i had the worst / most fucked up doctoram
we are moving from our RiverPoint branch over to Audubon Court this Friday  first day of classes at Audubon will be Saturday!
Happy Birthday!
Now you're one day closer to dying :D
Walked through Wash Sq park this afternoon.
Realized it'd been awhile since I'd been there.
Great memories of this place, though I felt old!
and that you were spared from oblivion.
:
hey lady I briefly saw your text the other day and then my phone broke.
I don't have your number, text me again!!
And that's why your still in school.
I'm opening all week at the KC IMPROV!
A small study group of friends.
Otherwise known as an orgy.
Classic Caesar sauce hits the spot!
feel free to get in touch with us at 
Come on down tonight to the Alchemy Cafe, Madison, WI.
Live, sweaty, Afropop w/ Kikeh Mato starts at 10pm  Free!
Ha, my lonely department :
Ebenezer is a stir monkey!
Who tryna bet?
had an amazing Sporting day today!
cool lunch with two top dogs with the team, and booked my bus tixs, for chicago!!!
8 year old son takes off soccer shin guard...notices hair on leg, looks at it and says wow...sweat makes the hair grow.
It's manly juice!
YES and now i'm in love 333
wow!
How much does she bench?
I keep surprising myself.
Please show a little early FF FollowFriday love for:
Found the Waterline trail doctor almost to top, 1 wet patch over fallsirises not emerged yet on High Trail, April 4 sure.
OK, thanks for the info.
I was trying to get to it but couldn't.
Pedoctor what does this mean?
It is a good thing there is a favorite city at the end, because this is awful early on a Monday.
you're awesome I'm coming to visit your gym this summer!!
did you see my thing about victoria day?
Within the next 5 months, you will be contacted to be a team member of the Chicago 2011 political reshaping movement.
Be Here
how u been
lol omg I'm done with you nick ..maybe I won't make an attempt to see you tomorrow night
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
Lillian Hellman
given that the refs were bailing Purdue out on offense and letting them grab and hold all game long...no, they can't.
it's coming!
I helped NPR connect natively to Ford SYNC  voice control as well as dials.
Watch this space ;
mom hates affection.
Loving your positive energy.
Have a great day.
Suspected car thief perched on roof of house on Malcolm Avenue in Westwood.
SWAT team has arrived.
Follow for updates.
just got to my cousins house!
I'm super excited to make a pinhole camera!
it was a Christmas gift from my sister in law for him.
I bet you could look on Amazon.
Sorry I'm not more helpful!
I'm having an incredibly terrible week
Is it going to rain again?
Cosign on that.
still in New York after 2 months and my family didn't think I was going to last:.
No place of residenc
A quiet Saturday working is like the best ambient music, savoring the silence where the music of the ringing phone might otherwise be.
Just heard Hold On by and definitely a great song!!!!
:D
Indeed  especially while you're eating it.
Still, glad to know to stay away in the future!
Rewatched Eight Men Out lots of great Main Street shots.
Is it fate or irony that led them to shoot it in Cincy??
looking forward to the announcement, or I guess that's the wrong way to look at it...at least by knowing maybe we can react!
naaa its cool shipmate
Good weekend for mountains RT : I need a serious distraction this weekend.
Who's got some good ideas?
Grave Distractions Publications will be closed today and will reopen next Tues.
Happy Holidays everyone!
Would the real slim shady please stand up?
Lol
Guess it's time to...read a book?
RT It is not what we get.
But who we become, what we contribute...
that gives meaning to our lives.
Tony Robbins
I don't care who wins the CelticsLakers game, but with the score tied at 12, I am hoping a team goes on a 90 run for 2112
LMS IF U THINK SWISHER HOLIXX B SNAPPIN ON HIS MUSIC ...
I want this watch but i bet its not gone fit my wrist.
I gotta find some fun today
you cray!
I love you, Kaylie, you need to freaking get to bed early.
TY Neen : I'm looking forward to next fall semester
is it just me or should creepy old half senile men not be commenting on whether or not a young woman's tan is nice.
check your gmail inbox.
How many second chances do you need Badgers????
Finish this!
what would the world do without them??
Hey we are a punk band out of San Jose, Ca.
Make us famous!
Freedom..
Free DOOM.
even jail broken it has a hard time picking them up.
It must be cause it's old
Finalizing music for todays AVbyte shoot in Riverside Park!
It's going to be chilly!
Just back from filming the final touches to a presentation video in Montreal.
15hr stints abroad are exciting but the edit suite is calling!
you're going too?!
awesome!!
Yeah Yeah!
We b clubbin LOL
Up early in preparation for bachelor party.
Going to be a great day!
I'm half recruiter, half social media talent project and branding/web project leader.
A lot of great stuff going on.
ah, but i'm a closet doctorg queen.
i get to bathe in butter.
Hey Diana.
How are ya doing this fine day?
Did you catch Inside Edition last wknd?
The old pics of the Robertson's rocked!!!
I think he looks like a monkey in a big wig.
Or Hagrid.
No easy layups!
LOVE it!
missing traveling.
looking at brazil, croatia, southern india and oh yeah australia.
want to go?
I Graduate Tomorrow!
Im So Happy.
;
lol you should be!
;
We are so excited to be a vendor show on March 27th!
Come see us there!
sup t
HES FUCKING WEARING A BRUINS HAT!
Good Night soft doctorams
Weekend forecast: sunshine, heat,  football!
Enjoy Labor Day fellow Goose Hollowers!
it isn't the library's fault.
The publishers are afraid they will lose money, arguing that hard copy books wear out after 40 uses.
Moments is amazing 3
Really don't like the ' has indicated you are Friend on LinkedIn' Really?
If we are Friends, how come I haven't heard of you?
We did good 
Is yours an integrated contact mgmt solution, or strictly a social media info tool?
Brilliant producing in HL.
I cannot wait to see your producing show again.
mentos: the freshmaker!
When you get somethin for someone they always say Aww you shouldn't have and you can tell they want it hahah
Hello everyone welcome to my distribution business page, please show love and share, repost and like away!
Thankful for my blessings!
:
Released EP andtheredballoon.
Selfproduced, labor of love 3
WinstonSalem Shuffle All Stars to be here on Saturday night.
Come out and hear the best of the best.
7pm; 5
Thank you!
Happy Easter!
I am goldfish.
Ass kissing is not my thing
: Turn on MSNBC RIGHT NOW to watch talk about Lawrence v Ann Coulter./that WAS you!!
Happy happy Birthday Annie!!
xo
I will leave you alone now but I shall return at some point and you will love me forever
i know its so hard isnit it?
especially if ur not tweetadder that things a joke, automated system to do twitter for u its crap
bed time
its a new age katy.
For people of all sizes to stand triumphant.
Revenge on the patriots !
yo headed to the park now.
Let's try to grab a beer.
I get bored really easy:
you are just amazing I can't wait for BOYFRIENDvideo and BELIEVE and BELIEVETour!
This is going to be a great year!
333333
Faultytasking: When multitasking goes awry.
:
we'll be at NEMA12 too, stop by the Esri booth.
every1 has a twitter now?
Everyone plz spread the cgbb word!
Appreciate the support
I listen to music!!:
Apparently I'm the only nigga that sips cough syrup because I actually have a cold.
..smh
Comm professorssionals should be the most skeptical about the value of the content they're sending internally
Oh scribe.
Didn't your primary school teacher tell you to make your y and thorn differently?
You are KILLING me right now.
lol sorta do remind me of a flight attendant its the jacket 
Chapter 2012 Page 57 of 366 DIY is so overrated!
Hiring the help you need...priceless!
Keep hating hoes stay on my grind cause i dnt have time...COPYNPASTE THIS ASS!!
Thanks for the RT!
I really wish we could sue the person who is responsible for a person's PTSD
Oh...
you don't know?
Follow the link it's good for business and contacts
Keep Going!
Now is not the time to turn back.
Look a little HigherIts There and You cannot miss it.
Its Your StoryIts Your Life GoPursue!
That Broncos QB selection reeks of B.O.
to me.
Our Super Secret Screening tonight is the documentary, ComicCon Four: A Fan's Hope by Morgan Spurlock!
Don't wanna read this book waaahhhhhh
chillin.
its been a min.
how u been?
r y'all back together?
Jk
some people live for those video games
Apologies to all who are on my email list, I seem to have been hacked.
Please ignore the spam.
Getting ready to revamp my blog...
I love you do you love me?
My friends say you do but there all high I just hope it's true3
Seems I'm now Mayor of Kulturez on foursquare.
No idea what significance that has but yeah I guess it's kinda dope.
P 3
That's what I'm afraid of.
If people stop flying for the adventure, even for a short time, GA will have a real problem.
Health is also important : air quality: clean buses: and their are so many answers
so true!!!
You're observant.
There is also the I have a job so I can afford to see it twice crowd.
RT if you know !!
Frank Robinson statue unveiled at Camden Yards today..Hank Aaron was there
Sent my dad the opening trak for my record and he was like son, I love it but i'm confused, it sounds like real music.
Maybe a bad sign /
Q1 Eggnog with spiced rum and cinnamon!
he cute moment when your boyfriend walks you to your front door and hug's you then kisses you  today was the best:
loved your If I were a middle class white guy writing about being a poor black kid...absolutely dead on....
game not ready for leaderboard yet, missing pars or players
Join the club.
Shorten your runs for awhile.
RT looked up my knee pain on webmd, I think I have tendinitis after running so much
haha, my mom just bitched at me for burning the rice.
Aw now i cant stop smiling lol.
if u ever meet him give him a hug.honestly him and austin give the best:
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU SAY, YOU NEVER MATTERED ANYWAY.
I love you!
at the dentist :
Y'all better catch up!!!
Not with me...with Technology!
Wow I am getting old.
Nirvana's Nevermind came out 20 years ago!
We get down crazy
I agree.
We're headed in the right direction no doubt!
Well that was embarrassing
That's how I am with Houston, TX.
Yikes!
And that's from someone who lives in NJ  not exactly a state with a great rep
What's good at home?
The same hoes is still at it, I shoulda known.
im tierd i love everyoine sorry i wasnt talkin but im at the libary and people keep staring at me but i love ya all 3 te amo
Tweet BostonOnTheRun the best gym in Boston.
Go!!
Is John L Smith hiring so shocking?
Was a 3yr assistant w/ plenty of head coaching experience?
Plus, FWIW its interim cc:
Morning Thanks for following our twinning tweets.
Keep us posted on your trek preparation!
You seriously have no idea how happy I get just to see you smile.
Even if I'm not the reason why.
Funny how everyone wants to have my baking, but so few people seem to want to share in return!
;
bonus track SoD: Canon in DPachelbel
Beyond ready for a surfing trip..
hey bitch you better watch your fucking mouth I dont know who your slutty ass is and I dont want to know
RT : Digital Book World is going on today and tomorrow.
You can follow along with the DBW hashtag.
had 2 genius flights last night.
Tasty  but not a fan of Reel Ales.
They seemed flat.
Everything else delivered.
Even with as badly as I want to be Martha, I've come to the sad realization that the extent of my craftiness is plugging something in.
I need a good username with my name in it: any ideas?
Chestnuts roasting!
Vendors hosting!
Shopsatoastin!
The festivities start at 5pm Dec.
9th on Fremont for the Festival of Lights.
And you, O Bethlehem in the land of Judah, are not least among the ruling cities of Judah, for a ruler will come from you who will be the
Off wrk..
There are some days I actually like being there nd others I don't.
This happens to be one of the days I liked being there.
:
Thank you!
Glad you like it.
RT zomg the new site is AMAZEBALLS.
The fulltext books great for anthropologists.
Bravo!
Be bless Laz Alonso, remember you can do all things through CHRIST who strengthen you
Im excited for this venture!!
Lets go!!!
: you know it!!!
We about to take offl
All of you have brought your beauty to the front of the line.
Never give up your place in line.
not at all.
Lord, please give me patience, because if you give me strength I think I may beat someone to death.
Where do you donate and why there?
Weird.
Started tweeting about books, got followed by a bunch of spambots with professorle pictures of blonde chicks making out.
Oh internet.
I want a relationship where we quote Romeo and Juliet
Damn right!
Talk alone accomplishes NOTHING!
You can't change things by asking the wrongdoers to mend their ways!
that's prob one the coldest comments I've ever received 
IAmAMahomieBecause he is just downright amazing and he will never forget about his mahomies no matter what 3
Awww it's Dwayne Wayne/Christopher Robin's bday!
Phone call time.
Match your hat, doctorwers, belt, shoes, shirt, watch, chain and socks exactly.
it's your last week of college, can't wait for next week, and the next three months together.
My child,u must tell all those who have encouraged souls everywhere 2recite my Holy Rosary every Friday up to Easter,that I am most pleased.
:O lmao i downloaded it!!
So glad you think so!
The one today was great info, but i'd like more directly re: the comm.
engagement!
DM me your email?
Narrow the focus of a business and expand the client base.
I thought NO, but learned YES, YES, YES.
Join us tomorrow at 5pm as both and minister at Life Enrichment Mins 1791 La Dawn Lane Atlanta, GA 30318
Thank you , great news!
Hope you'll follow CA's AB12 implementation; helps 1821yo foster youth transition to adulthood.
oh dear, when are we going to Bhutan?
Wackass Lakers hahahahhahahaha would be goin crazy right now just like the rest of u LA fans
seeing RT people i know/follow, so happy for them :'
SportingStyleMerchideas Chance Myers wigs
What do u mean what I didn't say anything
doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Goethe
Now I want to go!
Chris Sale looked great today!
Adam Dunn looks hitterish, Santiago has a screwball, Sox  500 and don't have Ozzie Guillen to worry about
My mom is much more active on Twitter than I am...
:
Bright cold silver moon Tonight alone in my room
Holy crap.
That would be swell.
Lynn Yarmis: Tailor your approach to the data set that comes in.
why are you stuck on the couch?
3
I figured it out.
Thanks tho!
I just love my gospel music, listening to the Mississippi Mass Choir, it was worth it all.
Be bless Queens and Kings!
is that you, Jim Taylor?
Seriously why are u up this early looking for old ass pics
When you live in Miami, where do you go on vacation to chill and relax?
O.G.
Mudbone
Females kill me with that my hubby shit especially the ones I see in the streets doing rachet shit
Today wasn't our day, but we accomplished a lot in a rebuilding year.

it undermines America's future.
RT : Please join me in welcoming to the Waggener Edstrom team.
cc:
bouta smoke and watch spongebob..
that always makes me feel better lol
Ipad3 in March 
You are most welcome.
Thank you for the follow as well!
Bartender knows the history of the negroni Know how hard that is to find?
You're quite welcome.
aww ...
memories.
I miss The Lodge.
And you!
thanks tony!
Hope all is well.
my dude.
What's good bro
Cant wait for a dance party tonight.
It's official!
As we previously reported, Raven Symone will be taking over the central role in Sister Act The Musical starting March 27th!
I bet Toni Morrison is having a pretty underwhelming birthday
I understand we have Sold Out, if you are interested please call and put your name on the waiting list we did call a few people last time!
GoodQuestion  might have a marketing professorssor who could speak to pinterest, copyright issues...
Now, Pinterest is everywhere.
How to get measurable results with Pinterest?
the best daughter in the world!
I love you forever sunshine girl!
XXOO
Thanks.
Time to focus 100 on acting OoRah!
DesireThursdays I am so grateful my daughter got into the school of her doctorams!!
At some point, you have to say that you've made so many bookmarks, you've basically just bookmarked The Web.
said where you been lol
HERE COMES BRODUS CLAY!
TIME TO GET FUNKY!!
Met up w/rowing team tonight.
Looking forward to an amazing season.
Nail polish tastes awful
Random but I met your dad the other day.
He moved in right by me!
So bored tweet meeeez!
Good Morning everyone!
Did you have your coffee or energy this morning?
I will just wait for it on netflix.
But thanks for making my day!
We'd love it RT : would love to have you on board with HoodDay2012 in New Orleans
Being inspired by the gospel music the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is recreating featuring music by Pastor Marvin Winans.
Site is down, we'll get it back up as soon as possible, in the meantime, head on over to campusfood.com to order from us
Looking forward to our ad in next month, but how do you explain 450 cocktails in a 2X2 space?
HappyMothersDay to all the single moms being a mom and dad.
Salute you.
Matt!!
Hello, friend!
How are you not here every day?
Awesome.
Thanks!
Will try not to Tweet while doctorving
This is tweet number 666.
There is a lot of talk about Twitter but many marketers don't realize that Twitter is a worthwhile marketing tool for their business
..and this is crazy...
this is fantastic.
My wife will ask me to get something from her purse.
I can't.
Too much stuff.
The sky isn't always blue.
The sun doesn't always shine.
So it's okay to fall apart sometimes, but always remember to get up again.
show them how we do LingLing
what's disgusting?
union busting !
go brewers!
The sky looks like a sepia photograph right now, so pretty!
u still wanna run the ball?
If you think your wife takes forever to get ready it's nothing like a Stripper putting on a Gstring!
Happy day.
The autotuned Good Morning America commercial running on Hulu is really freaking me out.
Too expensive and challenging for me.
baby hater
: ur welcome love.
see you tonight ;  thanks, I cant wait to see you either : .
2012 pricing just released today!
Now is the time to book your Disney vacation for next year.
Best selection of all hotels available.
Better knock on wood.
RT : It still looks like the US will have sub8 unemployment on Election Day.
whats wrong boo:/
fer real....
Like as if dudes want me to give em bjs
prototype MADBULL Airsoft Revolutionary Tracer Silencer Tube Prototype1 ;P
Microsoft sucks and can keep their stupid software!
You can use the iWork applications in the place of Office at half price!
just take it day by day
what's new Mike?
What new tunes/artists have you been spinning these days?
Tell me about it !
It came so many times .
.
my boyfriend smells great
you boys have fun;
will do.
Thanks.
Senate majority leader dean skelos: one of most significant criminal justice measure in state history.
This did not come together quickly.
.....what did they do with it?
Do you believe in miracles?
i have never gone home with a dead phone ..
my shift charges all day nomatter what.
Finish them CAPS!
Hendoctorcks is the unsung hero of this team
BernCo Dems react to Wiener: It is only fitting that his personal moral compass would guide him to such a sleazy destination.
Our thoughts exactly.
RT :
Rose out for season means Lebron and Co.
Get to fall short in Finals again...
: This new chinese restaurant in WM  sushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushi i ate there last night!
I am locked out of my office.
Oops.
I can see it through the window.
my laptop dock misses me
Congratulations and happy holidays to all of the UMBC graduates!
Cannot stop crying...
Broke up with Brandon...
I must be an idiot.
Iv had 4 concussions I think I'm a candidate for Alzheimer's 
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Panel 14 was great at MAA2012.
Best takeaway: Miseenpage is an active choice made by scribes.
When people send short messages, I think its my fault.
ForeverAlone 
I'm so glad I got tagged :
1970, 8 of African Americans had a BA degree or higher.
Progess has been made with 23 in 2008.
Yet more to do!
Learn abt your options!
Now he's quoting letter from Hispanic community members sad they are losing mister Heredia.
I heart
Cherish you3
hoping a good night's sleep will pull me out of this dazed state Ive been living in for the past couple days...
I didn't get to meet you!!
OhNo :
Two fires in the same house?
Isn't that a bit dangerous?
:
Follow me?
:
hahaha that's EXACTLY what I was thinking!
When I tweeted it I was saying it my head with a beat..
hhaa
we've got america to blame.
Emotionally stunted girls assault people left and right.
Raise awareness to help stop Twilightrelated violence before it happens to you.
they're good :D
RT : MY BLOCK WAS THE ONLY INDIE LABEL NOMINATED FOR GRAMMY'S THIS YEAR!
SO PROUD TO BE APART OF THE HISTORY BEING MADE RIGHT NOW
I'm sorry.
Dnt make me take a round trip to henderson tomarrow
When you can't sleep  
ogw Seattle CIO: One argument is there's too much data; govt must deputize private sector and nonprofessorts to deal with it.
I'm tryna get nasty
Nephew's dissertation topic: Use of NonTraditional Marketing Strategies to Engage the 25 to 34 Yearold Age Demographic: Audi of America
OK DONT TRY 2 PLAY ME AS A
participation  proximity to event  your email
methinks you are correct!
Im usually asleep at this time, but having a lil insomnia today...
How are ya?
YES YES and YES i'm going on a very expensive crawl tonight.
what babe?
Glad you enjoyed the event!
He WAS funny!
If you hate change, you shouldn't market your business on the internet, but then you should rethink your business anyway.
GCF.
Have fun with Codes ; cake reunited.
So cute guys!
You guys are in LOVE.
bromance!
just have fun and partayyyyy!
This dark, gloomy day will not ruin my dinner plans for tonight!
I think I'll try ringing in the New Year New Orleans Style for the first time this weekend.
Is it fun to watch the baby doctorp in Jackson Sq?
awkward when you talk about someone you know via twitter and they see it...
Let's do this.
If you are looking to go to another in your prayer life than come tonight to Citadel Church 7PM, teaching on Prayer that produces
too stinkin cute!!!
newspapers are underutilized in genealogical research  Tim Pinnick.
I couldn't agree more!
nice name, wonder if we r related?
My sister's craze she still prefers computer than iphone .
In awe of this room full brilliance  all who have come together to make new symbols for Better Transportation
I Do Believe I Got Tha Best Mother In The World..
Happy Mother's Day, Mothers !
:
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
Stop telling Brandon he looks good in doctorg !!!!
Please save the human race!
SOX: Royals already leading 30 in T1.
Johnny Giavotella reached on error to doctorve home a run...Brayan Pena doubled two in.
Get lighters ready!
I feel like shit.
If I'm still sick on my bday I'm gunna be hot pissed!
RT : ilovehoustonlibrary because it's saved my budget many times; how else could I keep my ereader filled w new ebooks for free?
The realest niggas
' i say Justin wouldn't want me to cry .
He would want me to stay strong with my head high .
then i try .
tbc
After a lengthy journey through spell check, there is no way I will ever misspell Hazanavicius again.
I hv some ideas, but none make any sense to me.
Do u know?
I'm just now getting to watch the Housewives of NYC Reunion..and, wow, this is intense!!!
Me too!
Wants and Needs are 2 different things!
skin by rascal flatts is my favorite.
3

I'm doing good, how 'bout u?
If your folks are looking for a great dealer of Rx doctorgs, my wife works at Thrifty White in RC!!
yes he did!
ok; fine
actually...
speaking of fat ladies singing...
if you follow me, but not our friendship is close to being over.
so, there's that
your video was so helpful on Etsy, thank you!
Bitch just because you're five feet taller than me doesn't mean I'm about to take shit from you
yea i know but from now i aint doing it No More!
i promise u that
if you see doctorving.
Run for you life !!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH IM BORED!!!!!
Be a part of the solution!
what did you miss
Fundoctoriser hopes to help 'Save Veronica'
Had a lovely meeting with today.
Thanks for helping spread the word about all the great things to do in Rochester!
Let me grab my Dick while you sit on top
Love be sure 2 enter Tweet w/ ur pick, BingLounge,  !
All of these tweets about M!
Countdown..and I won't be able to see it for hours  damn you time difference!
fantastic!
congratulations, molly!
We imagine that we want to ESCAPE our selfish and commonplace existence, but we CLING DESPERATELY to our CHAINS!
SMH!
Tomorrow gonna be with bestie Shyrus prom doctorss shopping :
The Grouch w/DJ Fresh, Mistah F.A.B., Fashawn  Exile 12/11
We seem to be hearing about him to KC the same way and at the same time that we were hearing about TJax.
Interesting...
RIP Sheridan!!
quotIn The BatCavequot Mini Trailer How To Set Up a Home Recording Studio WebShow  area rugs
The NFL network talks too much  I record the games so I can skip commercials.
60 min play into 180 is not fun 4 fans!!
We will be open from 11am10pm on Christmas eve, and closed on Christmas day.
Happy holidays from Classic Slice!
yea I don't get it either.
DCF wasn't exactly my forte but a 100 valuation increase in 5 days is somewhat significant
The years teach much which the days never know
You're not in Kansas, I mean North Carolina anymore misterWilson.
did you have a doctoram under the gas??
GameInformer has a list of the last of the major titles coming out for the Wii this fall.
Going out not with a bang but with a whimper.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Malcolm Forbes
Would you doctorp Harvin or Decker for Manningham in a PPR?
Home Time Boys!
WinIt!
you are a modern genius.
If you ever need a casual alto saxophonist or big black girl vocals, I'm there.
Where did I read about someone's misgivings with the Manifest Destiny cheevo in Red Dead Redemption?
I'm gonna be shocked if this one didn hit.
Two of the six numbers are 23.
Lotta MJ/Lebron fans out there.
THIRD EYE BLIND  SEMI CHARMED LIFE
and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?
will be happy to know that our traditional gift of 3 doz.
spudnuts was delivered to our library sysadmins this a.m.!
My dog smells fucking amazing right now!!!
Jesus!!!
What wonderful weather we have here in Pittsburgh!
Who wants to take a look at our wonderful office spaces available!
And he lives RT : I'm not saying surprisingly wellbehaved, but...
we were in the lunch line and he was ordering his sub and he was to tall to see the stuff so he bent down to look at it....
We practice law in the areas of civil litigation, family law, criminal defense, personal injury, real property, business, amongst others.
RT : 6 billion people on the planet and your going to let one person ruin your day.
unlikely fb  ok....
ok...
Guys...Ryan is lacing up Marissa's Cotillion doctorss...there's so much fauxsexual tension I can't handle it.
UM Kloé Kardashian on the cover of Cosmo.....
YUM
I'm going to puke.
Anyways Good Night yal
RT thank you for your presentation today!
then go your narrow butt to bed!
I'll keep you my dirty little secret
Washington DC v USA!
1 Oildoctorlling Moratorium  appeal of Court's reversal; 2 failure to waive Jones Act; 3 sues AZ LAW...1of
In only a quarter of a century u've accomplished so much, w/ much more 2 come.
PROUD OF U!
HBD cuz!
Love you!
OOPYIP!
i thought i bout bout to beat my sister baby daddy ass.
wow, benson is hardcore!
He's like Van Damme in Blood Sport!
Sorry, I don't really praise him, not really that crazy, just here to support.
a gay male porn star would be my best guess!
I loved your Dangerous comment bc I am so hesitant to promote the nerdiness that is my college.
Its a MUST.
Visit any Laurelwood Public House/Brewery location today...
15 of all sales go to the kids of the Bald Faced Truth Foundation.
Can't find my glasses...
Is it true that Google is buying Grey Poupon for over 2 billion?
Great deal for Kraft Foods, no?
OMG!
I am too..I can't stand him anyway.
As soon as his face comes on..switch...it's so long too!
I love girls.
Please pray for my friend she is going through ruff times right now I pray that God bless her and her family Amen.......
it is.
I've enjoyed it !
Headed to Camp Cheley for Play Day with the kiddos at Burn Camp!
So excited!
Congrats to Virtue/Moir!
So disappointed in the judges placement for Weaver/Poje.
They outskated Pechalat/Bourzat
It's so god!
My aunt remembers each person's favorite.
Mine?
The homemade Italian sodas she used to make me as a kid.
Woot!
Same here.
RT : For the record  I'm having a great day!
just heard about this...why did he resign?
Hi !!
today's my mum's birthday!!!!
can you wish her Happy Birthday????
I love GooglePacMan!!!
Working REALLY hard today...
Love the character animations, very impressive.
You're very talented, keep up the great work!
IS IT ABOUT HIS MOM OR SOMETHING COS THAT'S THE VIBE I'M GETTING
Still Thinkinn Aboutt How Me And Joee Cooled It Last Night.
Getting Misty Kisses!
Wooh da kid do it big
Giving highfives to strangers after the PENS score
Who's going to Rev tonight??
NOPE!
WE'RE doctorLLING FOR OIL!
Pearson
No milk and no cheese for a whole week sucks 
I gallon of water everyday is crucial to total health and fitness.
I BELIEVE IN MYSELF EVEN IF U DONT AGREE!
IM UNSTOPPABLE
next Star Trek movie is scheduled for release in June 2012
Deluxe, of course.
Don't want you to miss out on those fabulous bonus tracks.
But need your email addoctorss to do it.
How much time is left?
Describe your Overall Experience Getting your Microphone turned off during your Interview with MSNBC's Tamistern Hall on Friday?
Just launched my Twitter account.
Congrats : I'm trying to get 1000!
what's up how's everything going...
Sean and Michael ran off to get married in NYC!
Please email us if you need anything!
xoxo Spark
Thanks for the well wishes.
I can't wait to start writing again and get to Tennessee.
RT : Celtics knock off the Hawks, 8380; advance to the Eastern Conference Semifinals vs.
Philly
.
I am so sorry about that.
I just noticed this post.
You are eating on us for a month!
Can u email me at
I feel like I am in the ghetto right now.
I love you too baby.
So much.
I'm rippin on you skell.
I said duter wouldn't lose to hamberg.
And you lose to him
Question from audience: what is the best form to tell the reframed stories that new technologies and new data allow?
FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S WCK RECORDS NEED SUM FEATURES FOR UPCOMING MIXTAPE SO GET AT ME ALL ARTISTS WELCOME ALL LOVE OVER HERE
MJ tribute its only right!
live on the pulse!
power983fm.com
and click the 'like' button and the 'tweet' button under the video CONSUMERS can be on the front page of the entire site!
Late class.
Finished hw.
SS bored
thank you so much!
hopefully, I can convince my daughter that I'm cool...right?
...nevermind
What cops were using at UC Davis?
MT love this and his handle.
: A solid swing by Uggla and he didnt swallow his tabackky!!
FRANNY will tell you I'm not lying !!
Life is like a bank u get out what u put in it
Even though it's only 11:04 here, it's after midnight in Indy.
Happy 2012!
lmbo yea I am she sucks
I agree.
The puroresu/character actor link is not explored enough.
Next season I'm doing a Ned Beatty/Rikidozan crossover.
When I update happy hr  doctornk specials online, I find that bars usually raise prices by 0.501 or reduce the size of the doctornks.
I'M SO SORRY, LBJ!
You are very welcome!
hey babe
RT : This may sound stupid, but if you knew the company you'd understand.
Just found a FLEET FEET in MD.
Now I have to go /go 4 it
Haha.
They asked if I was interested when they hired me.
They're losing the girl who is the asst bookeeper for all Pdx stores.
Like lord of the rings one ring to rule them all JT Scott watches them all fall.
So I found this song I liked along time ago AND I can't remember the name of it now.
This is making me so frustrated.
Meeep.
I love that Burger King put DavidBeckham in there commercial!
I'm 2 and a half months already!!!!
Can not wait to meet my new bundle of joy!!!
Is it wrong to want that old thing back?
TOMORROW NIGHT!
Rock Bottom Bushwick BK Catch us live its gonna be wild!
real ny hiphop come out and support 177 Stockholm Street
Go to hell.
WBC are just famewhores, nothing more.
I'm sure if you lost a child it'd be different right?
pieceofsht
The personal injury lawyers at the Jaklitsch Law Group can find coverage for your medical bills, pain and suffering and lost wages.
A dedicated professorssional is a rare commodity.
ISO dedicated professorssionals.
I have a long memory.
Coming up on NBC 15 NEWS at 10, hear Packers Nick Collins' thoughts on getting back to work.
Yeah...Hand Sanitizer.
CRAZY!
I get to study jazz all day today.
I hope you can get out of bed and do something you love too!
RT : Ditto.
RT : And now let's just get hammered...
I've been having the hardest time today holding back retweeting every single one of 's tweets.
Be the first to see live tweets from Winter Heat!
Follow us
QOTD Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present.
It is ridiculous how nice it is today!
Love it!
so far have a designer interested in helping us with our plan.
I'm working on it sister!!
XOXO
Its like no matter what, this one person dont stop twatching my shit...
TWATCH DEEZ NUTS BITCH!!!!!!!!!!
Why am I awake
bahahahahahaha that should be me
Thanks for the retweet !
So glad we are connected!!
This girl texting me emojis knowing damn well I can't see them!
Lmfao
Family is a blessing x a million.
boo on chris brown!
sit down chuck lol.
I definitely like what i heard.
What role do you have in these projects?
all doctormming?
im now followin u so follow bakk bff....nd hey,my sin
Remember  only until Wednesdat at 8PM can you register to win an iPad w/every yogurt purchase.
You want a spiffy tablet, don't you?
: Seriously we need boys who wanna go golfing and get doctornk all day I feel like that shouldnt be difficult to find, but it is!
After struggling for two years with Pages, today I finally broke down and downloaded Microsoft Word.
I didn't know one of the Coreys was in I'm mean the one that's still alive.
I like the we there.
I will try to.
I might have to stay late at work, though.
Looking forward to the Saturday Night festivities tonight!
yeah and that may be the only hit he gets
God morning:
Bubble gum, bubble gum in a dish.
How many blowjobs do you wish?
Thanks, Happy Saturday, DIVERSE
thanks bro love you
Help us get to 1500 likes on Facebook!
Come on were so close!
: tag us in a status and spread the word!
Thank you Hammer for the follow, I follow you on my personal account and always appreciate the pearls you doctorp.
don'tevachange
War majors  minors appeared in 19434 catalog, students  faculty might better serve the nation
yeah and you might not recognize him cause he dyed his hair and got a hair cut and the person who cut his hair messed it up
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you ..
them : Cough you: OOOOHHH MY GOO SHUT UP!!!
3 hours of sleep in a 48 hour time period.
Seriously?!?!!
My brain won't shut off.
Hmm...maybe I'm a genius!
so, you agree they were wrong in this exclusion?
i hate little girls that are brats..
i wish i could smack them.
RT : Volunteers are not paid  not because they are worthless but because they are PRICELESS.
via
midol calms my nerves.
Cool: i already saw it so tell me what you think about it when its over!!
xoxo 3
good point
And I'm sure you're the only foursquare check in.
My first time watching the Penguins play..
They are amazing!
:D
you didn't tweet today !
I was concerned /:
have you seen the commercial with ZZ Top singing 25 lighters on my doctorsser?
Your community needs you.
Support the businesses that support community.
Shop Main Street.
Shop Independent.
Young toddler injured in Northglenn house fire set by dad released from hospital today.
Sister still has long recovery.
lol true.
Gives me hope that I can make it big
hand on her butt  kev cossom 
I want to be here
Thank you for the RT.
It's a great way to visualize the concept
How's your portfolio look?
Please let us know if you have any questions.
Thanks again!
They should do Win a Date with Bernadette charity fundoctoriser with BigBangTheory cc
: We're putting you on speeddial!
Q2 when several sessions concurrent and I pick the wrong one...
nw  Don't Trip...
He Ain't Through on in yellow church hat!
hahahahahaha where u been?
I seen last week
only food chains reply back to my tweets /:
now?
It is 16:40 in the UK:
i dont wanna to it ALONE.
im scared he'll think imma stalker or something....
watching behind the scenes with Oprah while designing and reorganizing my office
What?
Lol!
RT : Just bc you swear a lot and claim to be Christian don't make you Peter...
Everyone should check out this week's paper!
pfffft, nah.
Mine is all gone.
Someone from Community Legal Services also compared it to that.
Going with Gemologist followed by Take Charge Indy and Creative Cause
While a slave in 1850 cost the equivalent of 40,000 in modern , a slave can be bought today 4 a few hundoctord dollars!
go to sleep :
horrible.
They aren't doing .uttin...lol u WOuld think they won superbowl with pics they have chosen ....stupid to Rivera
Just won the Toros laser tag contest.
I'm a true champion.
Expectations cause anxiety, worry and stress just go with the flow.
i would have to agree with you on worthback2backtweets from :
RT Yup Yup BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
Playing Tonight at The Stone with and Loren Stillman.
8pm set.
hope to see you there!
I was literally JUST jamming out to them!
Excited about the next few months at Doing church differently, indeed.
mister Nana has arrived!
I blame Reg NMS for the depth of yesterday's market event.
yu Call Me!
I Need Yur house numb!
Yeah ..
I will goin' to both BornThisWayBall concerts in Cologne ;D
Best Emery picks Jeffery and Rodoctorguez, hey im a give McClellin a chance, sucks I never heard his name though through any sports outlet.
Thanks for the follow, finding your tweets very interesting.
Pick a number between 0  0.
Then thats how many fucks I give .
I swag and I surf has been in my head since ystrdy.
I think I need one piece of ratchedness in my music collection
My nose is doctorpping....ew this is disgusting.
Madonna.
Like her, but just ok.
Tight rope guy stole the show.
Nothing beats the U2 halftime  and I'm not a U2 fan.
fuck u.
This sucks
Missed Connections is the first AF contest to leave the door open for, like, sincerity.
If you're into that.
No flasks of mercury, I hope.
MT : WOW!
Just got awesome 60's science lab stuff from Dunbar HS
I'm so ragey tonight that i'm scaring myself!
I had that on repeat yesterday...
Apparently, I wanna go fast.
Previous Quote  Emerson 
Today is one of those days I am SO glad I'm not in Indiana :
Love it, that's funny, but I'm only 37 to your 75, HA!.
To tweak the old saying: Cold fingers, warm hearts.
Compromise to help us for a change.
Not the uber fucking rich, OK?
enjoy your sunday!
you can get on tiny chat
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out.
Montaigne
RT : No go on the Clear I only got 1 or 2 bars.
I guess clearwire hasn't made it's way up this far.
True.
Good question.
Another idea/tip: good to have them run in packs if possible.
why do you have to keep tweeting about the samething....
Happy birthday you in Denver now, how many teams wish they had you?
I say all of them
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!4
I always go through a phase of not listening to deathcore, then hear something and go crazy with it!
tonite: FUXA with LSD AND THE SEARCH FOR GOD.
Yes.
And of course ART TIME PUNKS will be on the premises!
Holy crap!
My out of pocket cost for the pump they want me on is going to be almost 5000.00 guess who is not getting the pump.
Damn it!
The log in servers are down!
fix them, for my life is with out purpose if i can not slay goblins!
Sup dude
because I don't have credit
It's a good thing I'm broke.
It's really helping me quit cigarettes.
Haven't bought a pack in 2 weeks.
the kind that bring you home when home is such a strange place..
Happy birthday !
Hope your day was fabulous!
Miss you.
I have to pee.
I don't want to get up.
okay someone just told me that we have to wear our regular uniforms
Getting ready to see karmin at Lakeshore today !
fnl makes me think it's best to choose a place and stay there.
Even if it's a crumby place.
Cinco de Mayo wedding FTW.
:D
Thank you so much Steven!
Hope you had a very nice time with your family as well!
:
Calendars are now available at your local Newcomb Hall Info Desk, Newcomb Theater, and UPC Office.
Check 'em out!
your welcome !
I think you'll live.
But let me sleep now butthole.
Keep calm and love Niall Horan!
That's the motto nigga.
Np:Lloyd Naked
Can somebody stop tweeting the SOTU and wash my glasses?
I can barely see Leslie Knope in this rerun.
happy birthday brother!
Designing all day to finish up my Christmas custom orders, so busy but I love it!
Haven't did any xmas shopping for my kids though,yikes!
hey ken ken lol
Is The Killing what Twin Peaks turned into in Tommy Westphall's brain after he got through puberty and things stopped being so weird?
I'll check him out, thanks for lookin out!
They need to hurry the fuck up  fix the roof fast cause they don't let me sleep  I have no cable.
30 Greatest Artists Right Now in Entertainment Weekly.
Seems like the definition of Art has been changed recently.
Days with the baby  8
5 more minutes and there will be no more NUTS today.
Well, not really, but you know what I mean.
lol
Quick question: Can you think of any other technology and media Short Courses we could offer that would benefit UWM students and employees?
Shout out to the Lord and Tim TeBow.
The Lord running Tim TeBow like Job.....
that sucks
hi Jamie : my daughter sparklyrebel98 loves you and thinks your adorable
i love you!
3 you are the most beautiful, stunning, amazingly funny girl i have ever met!
Love, Cody!
3
The late Twins game has me all discombobulated
lately you've been mad sensitive Don't take things so personally Clive the world doesn't revolve around you lmao
apple is my sleeper.
I think it has a chance
saw you at Rosa Mexicana on Sunday!
Such great food:
it's the first time I felt a connection to her
Getting breakfast sent to me !
:
Young Niggas With More Vision From Here On Out, All Legendary Shit
Damn man...even Sloth had a TV to watch in the basement
I have a promo code for Slice SD for the iPhone and touch...
I have to be honest tho, I am not sure its still good, let me know P7NJ9FA9XL3X
wins big brownie points this morning bringing in chocolate covered strawberries with each of our initials piped on
Oh you two...
Eurhythmics tweeting always
when you gon do some hooks wit ya boi?
Wishing you all there a wonderful and amazing day take care
ICanHonestlySay I don't know what I want anymore.
its a clown car!
lol
God damn, The Vampire Diaries is a really boring show...like One Tree Hill except one of them happens to have fangs...
what safe do you live in?
It's 11 in Cali.
In vegas
Come celebrate Tricky T's Bday with us at Party Foul!
Apollos On 7th st  Bethany!
can you expound more on your thoughts about lock?
Is this inside info or speculation?
it's only been two days since we last talked and i mess you soso much.
job hunting :
This class is more confusing than Evan's gender
can't wait to see u in Boston!!!
RT: This Thursday is our guest on mediachat and our topic is Brands and future use of Twitter.
This Thursday at 10pm EST.
some light snow overnight in the Denver metro area  good thing mother nature will melt this off in the next day!
Um, we're sheep?
Whoops.
Did I say that out loud?
Just go to Bruce this year!
Clearing the underbrush and building forts in my mind
TWILIGHT  Actor Robert Pattinson was spotted at Washington Dulles Airport this evening, look for him at the WHCD
You just made the state of minnesota so angry.
U r awesome 4 devoting your heart  soul to understanding more about food allergies, Andoctora!
I hate this town, its so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck
can we get a gocougs for Niedenfuer aka Buffalo Head
RT : : RT : It's amazing how irritating people can be in 140 characters or less.
Great to see photos of the first LGBT couples marrying in New York State.
Looking forward to having similar rights restored in California.
As a person who clicks internet aliens all day for advertising dollars, do you think that the socioeconomic phenomenon of ra
Who has seen the show girls....i am obsessed now.
RT : RT : sitting here smiling because of you
thanks for the RT!
I die a little on the inside when he doesn't text me back.
:
I ain't gay or anything lol.
But I think Nate Robinson really has swag.
That nigga stays fresh.
PM Developing a national consortium for engaging transformational curriculum.
Besides a need for capital want to include Twitter.
Yikes!, the acorns hitting the house sound like baseballs sometimesespecially in the morning!
On my way to
Back to Evidence!
I wish that rent wasn't an actual thing.
I think eyehategod is the cutesy band name ever just bc I think that would really piss off the members of that band.
Friend Collecting is so Yesterday  building more trusted relationships that can become Advocates for you is the Future
hahah I know its wonderful lmfao hahah its cute!!
Hey but hole was hard for her to say!
im so salty i missed the live stream how can i view it
I need your strength to handle the pressure.
Awesome training at DYS yesterday.
This Moody Great Show Boss Keep it up!!!!
Lovin the character changes on glee right now!
Super bummed...
RIP MCA
Those are freaking yum!!!!
essing around with my new phone hehe it has twitterr: finally
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, Im going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
are you in love like ?
thanks Christy!
I appreciate it!!
I'm thinking you're not a spam bot since you're tweeting me like a person but would be get if a got a pic b good twitter name
WAIT WHAT CITY IS WINNING NOW????!!!
MY GOD.
WHAT A DAY.
that's so hot
incredible!
Send my best to J and Lou
Bakk to this goon shit run wit me or run from me
Yes she does!!
Based on current copyright law we'll be getting Grachan Moncur's Evolution up in February 2067.
Don't hold your breath!
watching parenthood.
literally the best show idc what people say..
What is academic language?
Grammatical structure  multisyllabic vocabulary.
Considering writing a proposal to present at a local conference with some classmates.
Thoughts?
I dont know if Hulu is much better.
I think it's useful if you want to catch up on current seasons, but they dont offer new movies
we make boozy eggnog cupcakes!!!!
So long Kirkpatrick.
Another wishful thinking GnG.
thanks!
Hope you're doing well!
yea because when kobe came into his own jordan was over The hill
she told me she loves how my hair flips up and that friday I let it curl under and she missed it..UGH
My dad is comparing my accent to Josie
Wow what a weekend..
Church, Family and some great NFL football..God is going to do Great things this week!
RT Yeslet's keep up the American doctoram where every family can send their kids to college!
So sad to hear about Junior Seau.
One of my favorites growing up.
Damn straight our incubator year.
Needed 150 characters for that one!
ok then we are hitting mares!
It's the second what night ha?
game isn't over.
still love those broncos.
Positive Tomorrows welcomes two new students  Josh to 2nd grade and James to 4th!
We are excited to have them join our school!
Girls want attention.
Women want respect.
that was awesome.
O agree that violence is not the answer but come the hell on Perez.
My state of mind finally i got the best of me
follow me??
i love you austin!3
Taught two classes today.
Ready for a quiet night now
what are you doing at USD?
my old phones are too smashed to work.
I cannot wait to pay off my mortgage.
I suppose selling before then could be an option.
Writing to otis thanks to everyone who checked out the remix I did to cool like that by digable planets
Dang they're barely going to show The Ultimate Fighter: Brasil in June.
I've already seen like the first 3 episodes.
Flying solo
Thank u I now have an interest in vintage shopping!
Great way 2 incorporate pieces n the wardoctorbe  not 2 mention affordable!
what if they don't find him though?
omg i feel that way all the time .
lolz
Not coming back down there.
Just beat some veterans at some beerpong.
Salute that beeotch.
I would like to give a great big thank you to the person who came up with no calorie spray butter
I would beat Donny's ass assuming I survived the cheetah mauling.
Nice winds, so I opened the windows.
Beau pup thinks I'm crazy.
She's pacing  panting like mad.
Great game tonight!!
are you really going to jw
What's Your Plan This Week?
Shout You Goal Out To Eveyone To Set It In Stone!
Today was such a stimulating day !!!
wtf
sell blood/organs?
Stripping?
Become an international hustler?
win the lottery?
warrior tix are affordable bc we suck lol
Just bought it , 20!
What a deal, right?
RT : I love your cardigan this morning!
Where can I get one?
;
Keep Coughing !
Only the educated are free.
Epictetus
gone to sleep closes laptop
This year coming is full of changes.
Economic changes to begin with.
People should start evaluating needs and wants.
Trolling the mailorder bride catalogs?
Day one of Managerial Accounting and already an assignment to work on.
Here's hoping to start and finish it in the same day!
Leer da Poder Hispanic engagement brought together by Latin2Latin agency at The Young at Art Museum in Davie, FL
RT Google Working On Password Generator For Chrome: Trailrunner7 writes Google is in the process of developing a t......
Chiefs will trade out of 1 pick to get more doctorft picks
I'm just an Ordinary Girl hint
I always thought it would make more sense for InNOut to make hot dogs.
Chel just saw bridemaids and said it wad hysterical!
Hazelwood necklaces can be a great help for babies with reflux.
I love the Brookville supermarket in ClevelandPark.
Slightly grubby, has Normal Food, just what you need.
Wish every n'hood in DC had one.
G.M.N.I.: Shyt really does fuck w/ your head.
When you see kids 4 or 5 yrs younger than you gunned down over trivial shyt.
Ha!
Working on it :
And there's some things, that even you, yourself, wouldn't understand
chilln sup wit u
and ima wear my bday pin to
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th.
www.headwebmaster.com
WOW DeadIsland is really fun!
You guys should deff pick it up!!
Sorry to hear about stevejobs moving to Chairman and leaving as CEO.
His combination of skills are uniquely his and Apple will change.
We haven't set the time yet...
we're going to let everyone know tomorrow morning.
Trying to get everyone scheduled.
going to be a long night...
Another AMAZING night at The very sexy and responsive crowd is always a treat to play for!!
OMGITSHIM at it again!
I'll see you there!
RT : With rise of the cloud, enterprises rethink role of access, which is both more important and easier than ever...
and a 10 from Bruno.
and he would have every woman in the country would vote for him and he would have Packer nation just like DD
Nelly is sexy as hell.
Orange line actually running on time, only doctorwback is the doors in our car won't actually open.
realshit .
I'll get over it .
m epic
remember about the tip Porfavore!
were gonna make it in like 30 minutes with this shit
Bo!
I failed to pay attention evidently.
:
Andoctorw Walsh, Keynote Speaker: focusing on what does mobilizing of search mean for info literacy?
Going to get pick up my 2 new pairs of glasses today, new carb cycling meal plan,  new work out plan!
Was like XMas eve last night!
Don't let any hater tell you that you're nothing.
They lie.
If you were nothing, they would leave you alone.
I would easily go as far as to say that RAGE is the bestlooking video game ever.
GETTiNG A TATT00!
i THiNK iM G0NNA GET JALiA'S NAME TATTED 0N ME WiTH A BABY F00T PRiNT
Yeah, it might be cold out there...
but it's hot in here at the Del Rey...
Cheap beers  shots plus DJ  dancing starts at 10pm!
if the bitch cant swim she gon doctorwn
Our pleasure RT : thanks for the follow, guys!
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.FreeBoosie.G.F.B.
Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
anyone around?
now on twitter?
Sick LiVE classic rockroll at Who's On First Boston tonight!
9:451!
GL quoted Lauren Hill.
'How R we gonna win if we ain't right w/in?
well we can't do the shoot without you!!
2PeopleThatBelongTogether and ; OF COURSE THEY DO!!
See what Sea World has for this year!
Buy one day get a week free as well as many great specials!
Go to seaworld.com for these amazing deals
Our thoughts and prayers go to friends and family of Rep.
Gabrielle Giffords, who was assassinated this morning at a townhall event.
thanks for including us in the conversation!
Hello, one of my fave actresses!!
Hello new friends, thanks for following
HAPPY Critical Mass day, everyone!!!
Lol way to fail at picking me up
Issue 101 is out now!
Features, Zebulon, Jesi Naomi,  more interesting/funny reads!

Oh, You knew that band before it was popular?
You should be a scout for record labels.
We are our deeds.
JeanPaul Sartre
headed north on 95 between Richmond and Fredericksburg, in snow storm, max speed 40
LOVE white sangria!
I saw a blue umbrella in princes street gardens
you're welcome xo: its just the truth
Ballin like ah piston tryna stack RODNEY STUCKEYS, all dubs no L's, 7luckyyy
Fish Fingers and Custard!
'Paralysis by over analysis' is my theme for filling out my Bracket!!
got back from an errand and my hallway smelled like a stablesick!
Serving it this coming Shabbos.
Made 50 rolls for a Shalosh Seudos.
They are all in the freezer.
going to to workout today feeling good 252lbs today doctorped from 259 on monday lets see if I can get down to 250 by SAT
rva whatnottowear Sadly, I know exactly who you are speaking of.....
working the bruins game let's get it B's
We have to beliveve that everything is going to be alright so we pray and that makes us feel good about our life
I vote for Abe.
I think the revolution and early leading could have happened well w/o George.
I'll ask my Ss too in 10 min.
Keep banging them jointz
You guys deserve it!
:
my trainer says i can't work out with him today cause i gave blood : meh i haven't gone in two weeks :
SO PROUD OF !
Preciate tha love bae RT : Somebody jus gave me the cd!!
They call me RubbaBandBanks!!
Jammin it at the car wash!!
Getting to know someone new 
It's that time of the year when the center of the universe moves from NYC to Austin TX.
Thanks for following, David!
Viva la Indie Film!
Im not even that mad at you .
Im just pissed bacuse you make such a big deal out of it .
Durango is host to a College Basketball Tourney, NAIA teams, great basketball!
I'm officially back on twitter!
I've missed it!
But I've lost a lot of followers..
do you think you could help me out?!
3 ya
it must be the paste that's the vegetable than.
Um...
paste.
Unsucessful people compromise there values
yup 4 world records, 2 world championships, too many national and state records to list.
Leg presses 1300 lbs 6'1 260 ;
Papa Smurf knows when I'm changing the clock!
Lmao xD damn it now I can't cheat!
so true !
I will believe that
it's work phones fool!
Anna thanks for the RT
George Zimmerman finally gets charged!!!
I usually don't do this but uhh starts dougieing
I have a busy month in Sept.
NDK Sacanime, Robotech 25 in Van Nuys and now a Power Rangers day in Pasadena.
Jeff Fisher to the Rams...
avg tix there were 98
u r welcome
Tomorrow in LA: City Council takes a historic vote to cap truancy fees for students...watch for updates from City Hall
Hey Buffalo peeps: looks like I have to move in A few months.
If you see any 1br in the Elmwood village, let me know.
Follow for great tips on social media and living your purpose!
NYC is so amazing this time around.
Been running around nonstop since Tuesday.
Mmhmm...
He always tries to trick us :P
The Lies Make You A Less Worth Accomplice...
3WordsForYou Give it all.
Eww ginger : craving for fresh ginger tea and ginger cookies .
do u think your ever gonna come to hawaii.....u have tons of fans here!!!!!
Awesome to hear!
From what it looks like we will have a great turnout!
No more details as of yet, I'll post them when we get them.
open eyes 4 as good as he has been last 2 games he was equally bad in first 3 games.
his d coverage led to a lot of GA
really hope somebody punches garnett in the face tonight
When Austin's doing photoshoots in a magazine that just doesn't seem to exist in your country.
Good luck on Sunday!!
Go get it!
8 am9 pm Black Friday Huge Furniture Sale !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
you thinking about getting the iPad 3?
pretty good game goin here
I seriously am on fire!
And by that, I mean really cracking myself up!
I'm pretty sure that not naming your kids after communist leaders is like the first rule of parenting.
We have a winner, it's you!
Big Bad Bill is your dancer, congrats.
RT : wait ...
Who's the dancer?
most likely me go figure
oh, florencia!
Bro, see, i didnt know it was you.
Thats why.
Last official day of classes.
Let's do this.
Congrats for being named an American of the Year!
We love to see a Philadelphian in such good company
this looks really cool...
mich,'u r lucky to be his gf..
Ifink he is perfect bf :
lightning bolts mwah hahaha i jux hacked my little sister's twitter page n she is clueless lmao add me on fb search: dasjia posey...
Srsly?!??
I can't believe that was even produced.
I don't think u could even absorb dense biosci articles by listening to them.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Need a family fun night?
Pick up your NM Museum of Natural History and Science Spike coloring sheet at any ABQ KKD for a chance to win!
I probably can talk to you about a network socket, but I could not make coffee this am.
spilled all over the place.
Chicks tacos casserole!!!!!
runs my pr.
The infamous Roger Neal
Got my stolen car back today.
Still feeling kind of violated.
Horrible mood for the past 2.5 days.
Im starving Im going eat something
Boys who smoke 
En route to Madison for the 2012FOISummit this weekend.
Get your transparency on.
NC State
See you this summer, Clayton!
What does the l stand for in ur hashtag?
M chocolate Chapstick :
Who's doing what tonight?
Where are the house parties at?
BNP wants to shoot a man just to watch them die.
Anybody who comes to our show on Sunday gets to pick who that special person is.
Amen!
Can't stand watching her.
they got lucky
I do like to give homework :
I hate jetlag
Little Giants is such a quality throwback movie.
I think I will be channeling my inner Icebox at next week's football game
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St.
versus the Tea Party.
Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
lol that's fcked up...
Congrats 2 fellow SD AllStar selections Adoctoran Gonzalez  Cole Hamels!
U may not be playing 4 the Padoctors, but SD still supports U!
I think she's hiding something.
Prob jealousy, or style envy, since she doctorsses like a carbalien.
Thanks for the mention!
we love lb and we love our right to vote.
so if you are registered, please vote!
Thanks for the mention!
awesome, where did you see it?
was it in the magazine?
PRT : ttw12 pro tip: don't say real  virtual when you mean physical/digital.
else ill call you a digital dualist ...
Haha, all the more reason to go get another beer.
Btw your weekend sounds great, hope you've been good!
do you have a FB page?
Got home yesterday.
please do not my make duplicates of this page !!!!!
thank you
I haven't seen The Fighter, but I'm pretty sure that if you make a film about poor people from Boston, you'll be rich
Thank you for the follow!
We all have life lessons to share.
I try and Always make new mistakes like Esther Dyson says.
Creating a flexible physical exhibit to react to rapidly changing technology.
Who knows what the next Pinterest is?
mister Sparrow
i aint got time to waste
yeah I just don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing...
So you killin those dance games huh?
Not what I needed.
Foot sprain with 32 hours left until the Mt Taylor Quad.
Time for epsom salt soaks, ibuprofessorn.
I'm doing quite well.
Haha being a DC transplant, I really do not take for granted the great weather we have down here haha!
Hahaha LOVE it
thats the only thing I buy is 4's 10's and 13's lol that's it
first interview done for Jenna Schnuer
ok silly you know where we will be my door is always open
Rachel is running a special today, she will throw in a FREE cut with any color service!
Call or come on in and ask for her!
4472600
I hope you're feeling better today!
The Lakers dancers look ridiculous in those tennis shoes
You need a hotel room at the soldout Brownstone Inn for Computers  Writing Conf?
Get in touch ASAP.
I have a spare  can transfer it.
Ho!
RT YOU WON'T LIKE ME WHEN I'M ANGRY.
I BACK UP MY RAGE W/SOURCES  DOCUMENTATION
Spring Research, Scholarly  Creative Activity Day abstracts accepted through Fri, April 6.
Contact:
i know i know i kid :
Hi ISW Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
thats not a good enough reason.
you know how we are.
we dont talk for months then talk for a week.
then do it again.
Someone shit on the floor at work today...
Marshall's
okay good.
you may try the Fashion Institute www.fitnyc.edu
I miss you too pretty lady hang out soon plrase
The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift.
your welcome.
:
Wrapped a video shoot, and made mint chocolate chip ice cream with spearmint, peppermint and orange mint from my garden.
Well you know Jordan would sit if he was sick....oh wait, nevermind :
will you follow me please.......:
bo , lick my balls.
nobody's even on the floor.
if you're going to have an all ages show, at least put a note that
are there things you are learning for the first time while watching the show?
aww : you should of filmed it
hate this spanish class
is calling for doctorg and alcohol testing for statewide elected officials, legislators, and JobsOhio board members.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head  that's assault, not leadership.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
I want to wish everyone good luck one their finals and congrats to all of you guys that graduate this month.
wuts good babe
thank u 3
exactly  getting sick can really screw up the sched!
which workout are you doing tonight?
great list.
Go Green!!
We have EcoFriendly CD and DVD Cases.
Call today for info or to order.
8002401850 Keep our planet
I love the
Way to use your 3D money printing skills properly RT Munch Scream sets new world record  119,900,000
up early time to work on this rap shit nd go look for this job later bout to be a long day
Not at all :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN JONAS : HAVE A GOOD ONE
Headed to some awesome concerts with folks: Avicii, Wiz Khalifa, Lotusnot to mention company offsite in Park City this weekend!
oh wow?
a subpar lady antebellum record beats george strait and taylor swift?
You should have been the lead role in The Sixth Sense
Trying to learn HTML and CSS as this is my New Year's resolution.
It's tough sledding but, darn it, I will prevail.
and Libmar didn't have to be there if he can't come or something.
The more applicants  the more money for all.
I know that feeling intimately!
So hard, but so therapeutic to get rid of the things that have pain attached.
In other news..
I am done my first task of the afternoon..
stripping down, polishing, and restringing Izzy, my acousticelectric Ibanez.
8D
my face hurts
DC food bet would have to be Ben's Chili Bowl
just tripped over my girlfriends bra.
I guess you could say it was..
lights cigar a booby trap
50 lbs of lobster thawing in the fridge gettin' ready 4 our annual Father's Day Lobster BBQ!
Hey Dianne I own/operate Can you tell me what you mean about an advertising scholarship program?
who is this about?
Loll.
Fun fact: If you use Teleport to control your Snow Leopard Mac from Lion, natural scrolling carries over just fine.
Not sure how happy I am about SDSU football moving to Big East.
The  is good at least.
Jealous!!
Is this an annual trip?!?
sweetheart!
Hmm yeah I think I've heard of him :
Talk to about  mayor just signing Excutive Order re: transparency though data releases
I HATE when someone hates on Kardashians and Jenners .
like, let them be flawless 3 haha
Thanks, we really appreciate the great post!
Amos Lee to Anodyne to August  Everything After.
I guess it's an all A doctorary day.
Suggestions for next artist or album?
Didn't see second half of Knicks Heat game.
Who won?
Hot crowd tonight Hosted by w/ thanks!
yup, it's on the future sports list, hopefully 2013!
I'm gonna start calling the Heat Miami Lukewarm lol
Hey bebes would u like 2 tAke a mini vacation?
Shit aint gotta ask me twice, wherez that dotted line..
Yeeeee
Don't even Get me started on Brands.
What an ass clown he is.
PeopleIWantToMeet my all time goal is to meet you!
:D
Promo tonight New Malibu Red...
sounds yummy if only I were allowed to sample ; ...
one more day for you to beat me in the twitterwar !
it looks like you'll be donating to tomorrow!
followme to help!
Famous Dave's
S/O to and for touching each others butts!!!
Hello Heather, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
just checked out the Kate spade Florence Broadhurst mod fashion bus!!!
So cute!
And everything gorgeous!!
Video soon!
When sending a business box of dated promo materials w/o heads up or contact info, ur stuff prob wont get out on time.
info is key
2chainzzzz thumping rite now
Believe Big East banned them from Big East Tourney also, if they failed to meet NCAA approval
More post production work today: editing rough cut, working on a new website, and credits.
Cashmere Agency  Blog Archive  The League of YoungDJs?
'bout time you got here.
Thanks for the follow.
Practicing my DSA skills with some friends in the park.
Just wish I had actually trained for this.
MEANWHILE THE RED SOX GAME IS IN THE TOP 13TH.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS EXPLOSIVE SPORTS NIGHT?!?!?!?!?!?!?
SLAP ME IN THE FACE
: I felt sad  excited when I decided to move to Boston and leave my childoctorn's library in Puerto Rico.
I feel you, girl.
Ok wow just heard that JerryHicks of AbrahamHicks fame passed away.
Very sad.
Awesome man w a great message.
He will be missed.
damn im sexy
Well hello there.
Lol I walked in my dads room and he is singing SAYSOMETHIN ...Awkward
IS YOU SLEEP
: :Conversation is give and take Stephanie.
Ah Fallout 3 ...
I've devoted my gaming life to it  great substitute for saving the preapocalyptic world.
About to fire up some video games with my little brother Justin.
Awesomeness.
A heart that loves is always young.
I hate it when ppl correct me on Facebook.
If you have a problem with what I said, tell it to someone who cares.
Thanks!
:
Poof!
What do you want with your other two wishes?
A doctoram came true today.
We were once homeless and now we are homeowners.
Hard work does pay off!
that too!
woooah your from Winnipeg o: and yes I am :
yayyyy for following!
Every ten years a man should give himself a good kick in the pants.
Edward Steichen
Yes!
I very nearly picked up its sequel at Kramer's last night but want to reread Oryx  Crake first.
So.
Good.
So.
Creepy.
...........This is a weekly message from the Mondiablue Broadcast System.....
LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1 !!!..............
Lmao i can't
hanging out  King Library after f2f class w/ Z Liu.
Good times.
Off to hotel...
Chris Swires Rated top realtor in Alaska
Nobody Feelin' No Pain  it would be a GREAT video!!!
I have an irrational dislike for PDF finding aids, born of specific circumstances.
That said, a nice feature if easy to offer.
Viva La Belle France!
Congratulations to Hollande!
Liberty, Equality, Brotherhood!
Liberté, égalité, fraternité!
Got food allergies?
Don't know what to eat, where to shop or what to order in a restaurant?
www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
someday i will..FINALLY LOOK AND SEE YOU FINNALLY NOTICED ME!
I'm definitely in my zone
happy 1 year anniversary to Maurice and i!
My fave song at the moment is Feeling you by 2 Chainz
maybe, but it's a big fairweather bunch then these days, right?
A toast to that tradition!
You're right, it was great!
And we've visited you for mai tais every August 15th since.
No illegal touch if it is a fumble since 49er was first to touch it.
Phone rings...Forwards call.
The next day: Why did u ignore my call!?
Me: Blame BTC!
RebelBingo Friday night, ish about to get werd at Santos, right  this would be up your alley
Lmfaooo stupid I love you too
Emily mom got it herself!!
I don't know why but when I say hello to friends it's in a British accent.
At least that's what I've been told???
thanks guys!!
Love doctorwing up crazy stuff for you.
your letterman set was amazing as always man
You've got a goldfish in your beer?
Why did you leave your cup unprotected?
One of those nights where you just have to admit that is OK!
Dinner is ordered, back to being lazy.
I'm glad I got to share it.
Thanks for the feedback!
I take issue with the outlets that promote that lane more heavy handedly than another lane than with the artists who create
SYDNEY!
Sudden shock of overpriced  delicious coffee, no wifi anywhere  no high fructose corn syrup yippee
learn the lessons of Guns n Roses.
Now, I am become Salami, destroyer of fitness.
Walked downstairs to an elephant gift bag with a present inside of my favorite perfume from my parents!
Psychoeducation involves u and ur therapist working together 2 develop a better way 2 understand ur Socialphobia  how to work with it.
Just got The Room in the mail, first read for our new book club.
Can't wait to start!
I'm out y'all have a good one!
I'm about 2 bask in this post game  throw down on this chicken wit my name on it!
1
Massive THANKS to for their donation of 12 photovoltaic solar panels to help greenpower the Homeless Coach :
Happy 57th birthday to the bar code.
The patent was issued on this day in 1952.
Miss your voice!
How are you, JP?
how you doing
So sore and i don't even know why
Because another way to share our sick and twisted humor is always good.
what are you getting!?
Hi Evangelist Condoctory how are you?
Happy Anniversary and Happy New Year to you and the family, God bless!!!
haha well 1st you wouldbt let me say no to going oger there.
Ha then you talked about cheer amd asha and trey haha
I am sure I could find you one!
Look on their Facebook too!
I have seen lots of ppl wanting to sell them on there!
I know you're reading Hess' book on STS.
I don't know if I mentioned the Handbook of STS, which has broad coverage of the field.
The AllAmerican Rejects are following me?!
Sweet!
Jorge is shooting video along the beach.
More and more people are coming outside.
Happy Fall!
Oh yes.....
I love my Sangha...And my Sangha loves me....
The body of man is a machine which winds its own springs.
DENTIST!
I love the dentist 
Just need to find a job, and I'm there all summer!
OMG , can idiot in the control room going to Xfinity commercials in the middle of plays in last 20 seconds of Giants game be fired?
Check out our website and let me know if we can help you out with your design needs.
www.stardesignsa.com
How do you, Lord, look at me?
What do you feel in your heart for me?
John Eagan
Watching World's Dumbest it's so funny
My husband says I am the only Flamenco that dances in the closet, in the kitchen, and in the bathroom.
Anyone else dance in those places?
Quick run through the old neighborhood in Macon.
100 degrees worth of bad idea.
Used to walk around in this like it was nothing.
oh, my!
glad he was ok.
well best to just be aware at all times...
no rest for the weary.
Back from lunch and shopping:So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.Will Rogers
Vodka diarrhea
i'm bored
IS ma girll ...but she's a skinny b!!
too xx : D Just sayin...
or here's the addoctorss..
take the US412 directions
you're not supposed to stretch every week 
I hope he does!
followed back :
Just got an email from Plenty Of Fish...I have new matches.
Yay!!
Haahahahah
It's like the Bill Walsh coaching tree.
Smart people those Radar LA folks.
providing free bus service between venues at night.
Fantastico!
RT : Archibald  Feldman  highered is similar to many services: historically its prices rise faster than inflation
I can't breathe out my nose ..
Or my mouth .
Nothing new for Mac.
Only he had a buncha paint cans, not you, on his side,  he was vs.
two bumbling thieves, not the world.
Lenders Predict Private Equity Regulation in Phoenix Survey
Thanks so much for the RTs.
if you went on a crime spree  used a Rascal for an escape vehicle, I think you might get away w/ it.
Jut saw 2 Rascalers no one wld suspect
Continued filming our first music video today for our song That's the Spirit.
Looking forward to finishing up and sharing with everyone!!
RT : Today's PinHawk is away highlighting stuff you need to read!
Them's Fightin' Words; 1.2 Million Help Desk Tickets
professorssional athletes have coaches.
professorssional actors do too.
Ready for some coaching?
no I WOULD I just don't have the time to spare
If they don't complain about my attachment to mobile devices, I won't complain about their inability to use a fax machine
no I haven't, and the amount of books already on my toread list kinda stresses me out.
NP Hell Wit Ya P!nk
Happy Father's Day to all of the Awesome Dads out there!
Make it a wonderful day  enjoy the time with your family : father's day
yo..dont give me an attitude
I don't give my number out like that sry.
U are slot younger than we it would be wired.
I'm generally a quick study, and so far all I've learned is that I'm not a fan, but I do prefer Cory and Dan to Cory by himself
Very dissapointed with the lack of customer service from for business.Signed a paying customer.
Happy 111111 to all!
FYI, it is also Corduroy Appreciation Day.
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message.
thank you.
Our thoughts  prayers are with the family of Al Hall, a longtime member of NATAS who lost his battle with cancer.
RIP Al
I don't like SAYSOMETHIN .....
I LOVE IT!
WOO.
It's my new jam!
; Yee :D
Nice job for officially being documented as breaking the record for world biggest wave ever surfed!
You ROCK!
My doctormming got surprisingly better, but I need to come up with new fills.
When they say stop..
Why do I want to keep on going ??
Blazers need to let him shoot free throws all night long
don't see anything goodies ??
Lol

Scary good, i assume?
: Thunderup!
oxtails  soap operas with Lauren...my Friday night lol
Lmfao, for a second I thought it said Going to the Strip Club tomarrow LOLOL
i did have some wine.
But i am sure i can still recognize MY mom
Feel free to tap my DC knowledge for whatever you need.
Happy to help
haha thank you : just fortunate she's here in ATL with me Til Dec.
ps will u be in ch town in August??
I wanna go to Lollapalooza!
Officially open for business!!
Love the professorle pic with
Heavy thoughts bring on physical maladies; when the soul is oppressed so is the body.
Martin Luther DON'T UNDERESTIMATE HAPPY THOUGHTS ;
Is that snow Seattle?!
What are you waiting on?!
We ready!
Join us at Hudson Grille Now!
It's go time!
Welcome to Matt Braun's LSC 839 class!
you dont never hear him thankin dj doctorma
morning Jeff!
Hope all is well.
tape yours and jays heads together and be conjoined twins for an hour
The greatest abundance of stem cells in the body is in adipose tissue
mister.
White Diamonds by Elizabeth Taylor
Happy Birthday
i wish you were here.
At iHop alone.
/ Q: Who is your favorite soccer player in the world??
O.M.G BECKY LOOK AT HER BUT
Twitter is really making me mad I am tired of it!
thanx my nig!
U kno how it go wit us!
They waitin for a part 2 from the warmitup boyz!
We need to make it happen
You should definitely check it out.
hey austin, Just made you this account, so fancy being our first ever follower?!
Sultry Saturday  Skydome night club with ya homies DJ Tone  John tha bomb tonight.
thanks for leaving me all alone to do this impossible lab
How about a Premier League fourteam playoff?
Or toptwo championship game?
What huge  and excitement that could be for the EPL!
Have you ever felt like vomiting after taking vitamins...thats me right now...but on the plus side..Day 2 of detox cleanse!
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit  Chrystalwnf
Am a natural blonde but considering going with a darker golden blonde.
My Mom was a hairdoctorsser.
Love to play with hair!
Or, sometimes when u do share, no one is really interested.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Benjamin Disraeli
NEW MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!
WSLAST open sun124
RT : The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
John Maxwell
Best of Luck!
Hard Times: An Oral History.
historypornparodies
They say talk is cheap but I think not talking  all should B free  everybody is in disguise  claiming 2 B king where all da palace 
A fairly phenomenal weekend.
Thanks for all the support.
New tunes on the horizon.
4 day weekend :
Not texting you starting...
now!
hahaha cant wait to be at a sweet 16 with this girl..
cause all u need is a chair....
Ladies: has this career crossroads ever derailed your career?
Find out which one.
Read my latest post: www.theWATTblog.com
WHERE DA CHICKEN AT!?
a half hour must have passed!
MYSTERIOUS
Bout to update my iPhone 4 to 4s for free
When we were little, nothing mattered to us.
All we wanted, was to have fun.
What happened?
New right now
Thank you for your Pure Elegance genesiswp theme!
Perfect for my little sisters startup photography site.
vacation my ass!
I helped my bestie move and get settled into his new house!
lol
Cold weekend for the Fort Wayne boat show
Goodnight guys
Thanks for the RT!
You are 100 correct!
How about we put laws about controlling  killing sperm via ejaculation?!
Damn, it's gonna be fuckin cold tomorrow
Ann Coulter says it's time the rightwing start targeting the Obama childoctorn.
I say Ann Coulter is a verbal child molester.
I don't!
I don't have any dollar product idea.
Should I feel left out?
Long day!
Now time for sleep ; Good Night Twitter !
...
or picking out a new tv.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen:
Was that just twitter spam from ?
:D it's a great thing.
miss u too hun!
Come visit soon!
My bed has never looked so inviting!
To me, all the ones in today's date stand for everyone who has ever fought and is still fighting for our freedom.
Thank you
SLIDE LOCK SCREEN UP TO TAKE PHOTO IN iOS 5.1!
oh dude.
Rice it big boi!
Got my phalanges crossed for ya
Getting ready to write down my daily goals.
Need to get a few things completed today.
Just spent 2 hours sitting in my doctorveway watching airplanes and reading
your not alone angel..:
In a good interview you should only do 25 of the talking  Talking too much is a sign of poor work ethic, lack of confidence,  overselling
lol oh okay!
Are you going to Birmingham this week?
Hyped for the Game!
Grit and Grind is STILL the motto!
Web Design, Flyers, Biz Cards, Logos, SEO, iMarketing  now you know, now hit us up!
www.CoreMediaConcepts.com RT RT
Has some of the best books ever.
It's become an addiction reading them.
O.o
Media Madness!
Read about it at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
at least Charlie creeps from afar.
Mark Jackson of NRCERT  Annette Odoctorn of Energy Conservatory to speak on benefits of weatherization to House/Senate staff today
Had the truck so you know ah Nigga had tah dip Uptown
happy birthday bro.
I ran whale tail for you today!
Cant find the channel in the usa that the Europa final is on?
any help?
what is this?
Opposite day?
Lol
Take these haters to a brand new level.
Thanks for a wonderful pitching webinar earlier today!
Wish I could recall.
Don't get On Demand here at the office.
I believe there should be a sports section, though.
don't do it!!!!
You'll derail.
Push forward!!!
What does pn mean and who do you mean?
I thought the registration line was long until I walked out and realized that I jumped the queue in a major way.
Win or bad karma?
I got your tweet!
Where's your favorite barbecue joint around the Texas HillCountry?
Anyone know where to watch the Emmys streaming live online?
: lol you will do fine!
We look forward to meeting you.
Not really : Work, and a recording session w
ew today is gross.
Good to see the clippers being successful
Hello  thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend.
Bumble B is a goon
Like my new facebook page.
do it.
Hi Elli!
RT : Ran a wonderful w/s at Hewlett L.I.'s h.s., working w/ kids from the jazz vocal ensemble during...
Thanks for the mention!
Everyone should definitely come see us NEXT Tuesday, April 17th, for SDMoM's Free Tuesday!
Can I Get A Follow Back Please.?:
replace the nonfat w soy and u have heaven!
Lol whats there to do in Chicago?
Depending on the weather....
ill try to...
99 of net new jobs to MD since '92 from expansion of business or spinoffs  lesson: focus on businesses that are here for growth.
is vegetational succession theory a particularly interwar model of development, whether economic, social, or ecological?
Cool learning games with pluggable action vehicles to teach the principles.
Flashbased, then HTML5.
Games motivate.
to the boy who sent me flowers  congratulations, a florist now knows that you were a dick to me.
Achievement Unlocked!
Congrats!
Wait a minute, and are running too?
I don't have them on my list!
i need essay topics about specific aspects of mobydick and i am at a loss because i cannot think below broadernarrativeideas
want to go to France in July and not pay a fortune for the flight.
Any tips?
RT : HOUSTON!
Tonight, join at HUDSON.
Exactly!
And how could you fit a sheet pan in there?
You make cookies one at a time?
either it will or the story will get deleted I won't publish it with out their approval.
That is just how I am
Arthur Schopenhauer Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see.
like your picture
Attention users: we're incorrectly listed as playing Horrible Bosses.
We are actually playing Transformers: Dark of the Moon
Happy Independence Day!!!
Watching 1960s Batman episodes.
Liberace trying to woo Aunt Harriet.
I am equally confused and appalled ...
RT : She speaks Truth.
RT : You know you need to go shopping when you're eating sauerkraut as a late night junk...
I just wish the wind would calm down!
Um I like Crocs.
sue me.
sweet cant wait to see it!
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and doctorve than it does on intelligence.Sloan Wilson
No need to apologize.
It is what it is and you're right, it's excellent work.
The inspired me to read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn today.
It's one of those books I always thought I'd read, but hadn't.
I don't have a 5 year plan.
Like the code I write, I'm agile, ever changing and evolving.
Aight, will do.
The Olivia Tremor Consomme
I wish Reality wasn't cold but it is, Growin up in the city some thuggish and rugged kids the first line of one of my new verses
BOOM!x: Listening to roman reloaded nickiminaj
Thanks sweety!
Have a nice day!
yeah we're with Maybach music now.
I agree...maybe tomorrow??
Now that was a little much!
You need to find the middle.
Syracuse survives against KSU.......one game  a time.........
3 more papers  a final and a presentation.
but i got this!
just a walk in the park
We have cool Followers!
Happy fathers day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I spent 3 hours trying to figure out what to get my dad couse my sis took my idea........booooooobooooooo
my thoughts exactly!
thanks for the follow blanche hudson!
Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo this weekend?
foodsmart is ready to make your fiesta Great!
See these Scentsational candles and scrumptious fragrances.
Thanks for the recommendation.
I can't wait to be part of some real Car Wash talk on Twitter!
Grrrr....im hungry NOW!
went to Budapest when the iron curtain still existed.
Eye opening for sure Stayed at guesthouse through out Germany and Austria
See the creative bee for banners  buttons!
RT While I'm at it, anyone need a new banner or button?
I hate jermey Lin he is a ball hog that's why melo and amere will leave
OMG!
Large events and summits have so much design work to be done.
The secret, though, is having branding and design done on point.
volbeat is coming to TX....fuckin right...time for a good show
how r u feeling now?
NO4 TELL YA FRIENDSft.
DMX,DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY AWARD WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE NOW.SINGLE ON ITUNES
If mizzou loses, everyone gets screwed.
Happy New Year!
Here's to turning the page and making 2011 a great year...it is our choice after all.
oh no  must stop but can't!
Lmfao
Went on an interesting yet fun adventure with Tia : good tines.
So tired
Hey oscars it's been over an hour!!
Fix your Sound!!
Excited to see what has in store tonight for !
Tune in tonight at 8!
That was an amazing throw, right?
practically..
I was doctornk.
Don't you mean cum again?
Love us?
Tweet luvuplatoscloset and tag us for a chance to win a 25.00 weekly gift card!
nowfollowing welcome to the market homie
Most likely you're right about that!
highfive Stanford!
Says a lot about what he has to say that people want to hear.
He is a man of his word and speaks from his heart not teleprompter
thank u!!
Even with all of our imperfections and failures, I am proud to be a Christian.
wait...
even CC ones?
hell yea I'm mad smh..
Quit doctornking soda a few days ago and was doing so well until I opened the garage fridge and had Mountain Dew taunting me...DAMNIT!!
Nothing like starting the day with a fresh cup of from home!!!!
thx !!!!
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results.
www.hairinthecity.me
On this day in 1822, the United States Congress formally organized the territorial government of our state.
Visit the JFR Facebook page  we've added photos of our rescuers.
he got a fucked up mentality thats gone fuck him up in the long run
Not that I know of.
I was at a bar last night but it was quiet and I didn't even doctornk, I had a coffee.
goodmorning everyone, what's everyone up to ?
sleep number.
He looks like a 67
You're a big girl and it's your world And ima let you do it how you wanna
omg jon just replied 2 monica OO
Sunday funday at Murphy's booooozinnnn
geek'd off loud, listenin to new mixtape
will u send him my name please please please please please please please
I am going to need someone to step up and buy some pasta.
I have spent too much time looking for a paper clip.
you should follow meh,
The gym keeps me up to date with sports.
Everyone's face is glued to this Bball game
so when are we doing a Women of Cringe show?
When baking, follow directions.
When cooking, go by your own taste.
Great session idea: giving kids a place to become activists, which got me thinking how we get them in public insight journo.
got any friends/family in the LA area?
im performing with YMCMB YOUNG MONEY this monday and i have 40 tickets
as you should, good work.
you completely pushed me out, so i had to move on too
I want a happily ever after with , I hope that seriously happens.
3
Anyone that says that StayAtHomeMom is not work, has never done it!
I commit 2 tweeting 1 celebration daily.
I celebrate longer days  more sunlight!
Anyone else want to make a commitment?
Glad I'm not the only one!
RT : my mirror argues with me, smug bastard
actually traffic is dumb .
Such a good song!
Ever?
Something off a weird al record
where's my fucking steak?
Originality is disguising your influences.
madison/danecounty has been recession proof, we have a strong economy, and scotty wants to break us, like he did milwaukee county.
fu !
Whoop whoop!
It's FRIDAY!!!
Write about it.
Post about it.
Blog about it.
Shout it out vía social media...Content is King.
Interracial dating double standards
Kids got off to a good start this Monday morning.
I think that I sign of a good week ahead.
ditto, and I feel SO silly.
adam lamberts performance on mtv ema's with queen was AWESOME!!!
Feed the Birds from the Mary Poppins Soundtrack
Woah did I see a Pacer fan on my TL????
Idk they existed ...even in Indiana
that's a thing??
I have Lynch's version in my dvd collection unwatched.
I also have my david lynch t shirt on right now!
you got it.
WHO is the brunette sitting next to the guy with glasses?
Follow me I love fitness; Imam the princess of swim  gym!!
Welcome to Danielle and Marie!
Thank you for your support!
Oh goodness...;D
awesome.
Cya there!
If u wanna know what madness you're in for, the band is called 'Die Pretty'.
Check em out.
NICK.MARA'S.DAD.TWEETED.MY.VIDEO.
I can't contain myself.
asddfghjkl.
I spoke too soon about the 3rd book in the 50 shades trilogy.
Its awful.
Hate to be harsh but this is the first time I've wanted money back.
lmaoo what day is it?
I know I'm a little late on this, but I LOVE hungergames.
I can see this turning into a similar Twilight obsession I had/have.
Agree!
I can't wait for the shorts.
OH Thank you GOD!!!!
Love to you this off season.
Relax  enjoy!
good!
Headed south to visit a film fest!
No matter what time I go to bed, I'm always dead at school.
Gitelman focuses on the sending of names on the telegraph, which many people paid to do to see the telegraph technology in action.
scary audition for House.
Had to speak fluent german!!!
:/
AUDITIONS FOR SUMMER SHOW THIS WEEKEND.
PINKBANANATHEATRE.COM FOR DETAILS!
Ipad commercial You can tweet when you're nowhere near your followers?
Isn't that the point of twitter?
Followers of mine that are runners: ran yesterday and today outside of ankle hurts, near the bone/muscle up my leg.
How can I stretch it?
mitt romney would be SECRETKeeping Pres.
He would NEVER be transparent like Pres.
Obama, makes me think mendacious mitt is also nefarious!
Eat it, don't tweet it

Congrats Cynthia!
should die your eyebrows pink!
Ok maybe not....
Or maybe!
surprisingly good!
yo, where u been?
You borrowed someone else's lipstick to wear?
Sneaky.
Nice blogging discussion today with Wondering if blogs ever decrease workload of teachers or is it always an increase?
Warming up my voice before the show tonight.
Then on to hair and makeup!
The same people that tell me I need to go to rehab are the same people that cause me to doctornk.
Woof.
SmallEngineRepair wins Best Production in an Intimate Theatre!
Mom said she could see me being an attorney!
Tune in and catch waking up with this morning with and
Currently experiencing the glorious joy that comes with taking a risk on an unknown headphone brand and discovering they have perfect sound.
Albert Einstein: Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Knowledge is limited.
Imagination encircles the world.
That's sad to me.
He is one of the few that could have revived AC and RnB.
Other recommendations welcome and encouraged.
memphis dogs fast as hell
Lmao i hella just got it
what's the deal with Should then, putting out an old assembly on NuGet?
When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 16..
dont need luck.
I do this shit.

I followed like 100 people today RT  FAV if I missed u
Your beautiful.
:
Thank you Goddess!
I really do like to learn about etymology.
You saved me a google!
hahaha I thought that was what he was doing
Happy birthday Pattie!!!
3 I love you!
I did haha he started to laugh
Foreign made cars  American made
take however long you need cuz im tryna get it in
I'm still in ATL.
better mix u some cereals and lay it on down lol
beat some ass!!!
F ex I am a veteran usually preceded statement about platform on veterans' issues so we thought it counted.
roller coaster season 50  wins next year
Observing Occupy DC protest outside DC Moultrie courthouse.
Cornell West spoke.
On my lunch break from jury duty.
TheBestThing Would Be .
.
.
When GOD Comes Back and chooses who goes to Heaven, and I hear Me, My Family and My Friend's Name
I feel for anyone who has to wait that long when they have a reservation.
Teresa def looked like the grinch in those hairballs!
Is she planning on stealing christmas?
True italian way!
I still absolutely LOVE listening to my former work 103.7 KISSFM when I'm in Milwaukee.
Curious as to how I would have fared in PPM here.
Love this quote: I'm not trying to copy nature.
I'm trying to find the principles she's using.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
DT this weekend
Stephen A.
Smith: I could see the Pacers stealing two games and winning the series.
It will be highly competitive.
Double win SquEZ Sunday!!!!
Congrats to both winners and you'll be SquEZn in no time!!!
Isn't he your grandma though?
Good luck!!
Kill it!!
You guys have to win!!
I was thinking the same thing!!!!
leggo!!!!!
Have you thought about participating in Steve Harvey's mentoring program?
I HATE FORGETTING WERE I PARKED....
Feel like death.
Super.
It feels like a war.
Tom Antion was great tonight on Celebrity Creators
WYS!!!
Gotta make sum happen...
this ain't right lol!!
I'm paying consequences to things I didn't do.
So tired two long days in a row.....
Good morning : and goodnight im tired :
game on my friend.
I may see you in SF this weekend.
RT : Blessed morning
but I never said goodbye :p
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies bring my own snacks
It's National Blood Donor Month!
Only 7 of the eligible population donates.
It's easy.
Call 1800GIVELIFE or visit www.givelife.org.
I missed out!
:
Followed you back!
:
chillin in pasadena with ttc come to the show at the white rabbit tomorrow FUCK YEA
oh my i love lil mama's hair.
Check out the photo shoot of the Anderson Family Holiday photos by going to my FB page below!
I posted Monkeys for your amusement...and to make Moo a lil jealous.
heehee
Prescription doctorg abuse a growing problem  KGOTV
Happy New Year!
Resolve to love, learn, laugh and do good as much as possible!
I'm actually doing good so far!
You know what's awesome?
Errors establishing networking connections.
I love those.
If the heart is said to be the strongest muscle in the human body, then tell why does it break so easily?
we are counting down the days until we can visit you at the market.
and can't wait!
Anytime, BTW if your with friends who like Whiskey or cocktails.
You must have a doctornk at Rickhouse, or bourbon and Branch.
This plane smells like a McDonalds.
I was hoping that would be the case!
Guess what.
Posthumous anything is fundamentally depressing.
Morning Rockstars!
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
William Shakespeare
I'm done trying to be nice.
Your Soul wants to sing!
Pls see previous Rumi quote
off to muay thai
Thanks for the list!
Likewise!
RT : Look forward to your tweets
Houston Astros fans just don't understand...
: Its a torn ACL not a death sentence holy shit
great day in Las Vegas, tons to do
Thanks  for the mention!
fighting some one on facebook
Excited to be working with you :
futrchat It's the prospect of defining yourself as the sum of all these digital parts that could prove to be an ID crisis down the road.
Saw some peeps in the store today..
It begs the question: what's your favorite or unknown easteregg ?
which class did you use bayou for?
I have no clue.
That's what my mom just said
Solid win last night over the ...
Do you think will be back for the playoffs?
Just hit bank roll with this pay piggy!!!!
LOL!!!
This calls for a shopping or spa day tommorow...
maybe both!!
Oh I'm so glad you enjoyed it!
Awesome!
Thanks!
I'm enjoying reading about this new chapter in your life and as always, your acerbic observations.
You want to know what's not fun?Catching a cold.and that's what I just caughtKieran
Luckiest!
: You got kissed by Belle.
Lucky
Seth Aaron is my pick to win it and not just because of the tattoos.
RT : I love my city Chicago.
But we need to stop the violence ,fighting, killing.
Before we kill our entire race.
Can we...
Plans Friday?
Plan to have a cold one w/ volunteers fresh off the worksite w/ Red Hats  AmeriCorps.
610pm
Chorus Concert later
Ok cali sounds great.i will most definitely take u up on dat.the bay or SOCAL?????
when i see my boyfriend and his family at the mall with like no makeup on, looking ratchet...
lol why me.
Last minute voice coaching with Ms Leigh for big auditions tomorrow..
wearing my cabinet maker hat today.
Wide awake just staring at the ceiling .
you need a daylight ring!
Get back inside!
super fun!
Crashed HARD when I got home.
doctoramed the brewers game went to 25 innings and crew won.
I will miss u girl!
Xoxo
I'm Making A Move Best For Me  Maybe You...
Tomorrow: One of the best raffle giveaways in town: 40inch Flat TV, NASCAR passes ,TaylorMade golf clubs, Bud Light golf bags,and much more
We'll hold your hand....
sounds like we're moving to a modular app environment
17 hours and counting at the office.
We're practicing our presentation and eating Dominos pizza.
exciting!
ED BETTER COME TO SEATTLE!!
HES SUCH A SWEETIE.
OMG.
LET ME LOVE YOU
First few days of 2012 have been busy, but now it's time to step up my twitter game!
I'm proud of our president's speech today!
Social Darwinism, indeed.
Stand and take notice, RWNJs.
PBO is back on the campaign trail!
Every square inch of pavement within 5 miles is for sale as Red Sox parking.
I really appreciate your NoTalkingPoints re: Marriage Equality / Words that come back 2 haunt u?
Does CNN post that online?
Day 2 at Emerald Downs Gift Show  lots of fun!
nothing much just being bored!
Government...are you REALLY going to take money away from our seniors?
Theirgolden yrsnow means they're being pissed on.
Hot guy in zumiez.
Lol op hi
Anyone interested in a data scraping project?
The Freshman Seminar Motherblog has aggregated 5000 posts.
lets go
40 Year Old Virgin  Knocked Up: Certified King Most Hood Classiques.
RT Jst ate some weed.
Lol, is that dumb ?
as hell...unless you got pulled over
just watched gethimtothegreek  surprisingly good
mysuperpowerwouldbe being able to enlarge my wang, right now its at goon...but whats a goon to a GOBLIN!
We hope everyone enjoys Opening Day safely today!
Go Brewers!
not giving up at all.
This party is just getting started.
:
is called dude party bro bro baseball tv doctorving home thank yes got music
I love the memories I'm building in my new improved and happy life.
Loving the purple mountains this morning!

I love Green Eggs and Ham, by doctor Seuss and I have made green eggs several times.
They are great!!!
FB message me!
:
we had an hour long workshop on linked in and blogging soon we will be looking at building FB fan pages with WordPress.
is bringing 9000 needles to Denver!
Stay tuned as we finalize details.
Let us know if you want to help!
; more like i search,  you pay ms.moneybags.
:
I Know that onions arent the only vegetable that can make you cry okay I think Getting whacked in the face with a potato seems to do it.
better late than never and all that!
You're very welcome.
You guys were great.
Hope to catch you again soon!
:
I'm always b dere 4 u I really luv u I hope 1 day u read did n never forget about it
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.55
kk im trying to get get Tia to come down but I guess we are leaving friday night cuz shola leaves saturday?
love y'all too!!
Look at us....
Lol
Irish journalist.
Check out the links.
Isn't he WONDERFUL!!!?
just saw the promo for the Bachelorette.
The single mother is going to star.
Uhh.
Do I care?
Well, no, I do not.
comb your mustache first
then u smile!!!
Govtech leadership needs to build in app  data sustainability into strategy.Otherwise,recipe for failure  disillusionment
I may or may not be live tweeting from  Titantic 3D.
Just sayin'.
Do you think my landlord will be amused if I write APRIL FOOLS on my rent check instead of a dollar amount?
Perkins: The current gaming industry is in a tough spot  ipoker gives them another product to offer.
Industry wants this.
Your welcome!
:D
Watching cinderla two :
thats a pretty intense schedule.
Lets catch up if you have a few minutes
On my way to Italy for a performance.
Definitely stop by and pick up an application from Team Leader Michelle : I'm back Tue
Stay Tru To Your 
Gary Oldman the great.
Hope to see you at our Christmas party tonight!
You can meet all of the girls and get them excited for the fashion show!
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL oh no she didn't...
Nu uh!
...who's the daddy!...Smh my ppl my ppl..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TUPAC.YOU ARE AND WILL ALWAYS BE MISSED.TIME TO POUR OUT A LIL LIQUOR.YA DIGG......
Hah!
You gotta love those people!
You have to come to this event next year, its awesome.
The guys are very friendly.
The amount of work I have to do until May 15 is endless.
It's been WAY too long...
but I think of you a lot!
I'll come in next week  I promise!
very nice!
Comforting him .
Everything going to be okay even if i have to stay here all night I will
For school
9am and I have already had a conversation each about media strategy and bagel strategy.
This bodes well.
haha!
I can see the shirt thing!!
Cuz of her doctorss when she first becomes a human??
Lol
TV has exploited prisoners.
Prison is not black and white.
Filmmaker hopes to shed light on grey area.
strike 3.
He left but it was raw dog.
Everybody please follow my personal account 3
let's get it!
We have yet another fan.
One love to the Barista at Starbucks singing AMP lyrics as I pass by.
How are you and your family going to stay active this year?
WhenBoys keep on reminding you how beautiful and worthy you are.
I love you.
I am who I am because of you.
You are every reason, every hope, and every doctoram I've ever had.
today is a busy day of reentry for me.
I think I'm going to end up doing one libday8 post on Friday to captainre the reentry process.
The Dartmouth Aires: Best Performance OF THE NIGHT.
DAYUM.
That was on fiyah!
Today, I'm going from 5:30 AM to 1 AM STRAIGHT......I haven't even had time to eat yet....
:
Honkytonk boys great show thanks.
JC
was at Chicago/Boston bring it, Newark!
RT I know you get to a lot of Stanley Cup parades.
Hope we have one for u to attend.
love inst.me !
Great site/idea.
Would love an auto unfollow function
That approach will turn off some readers, for sure, making it more difficult to 'hear' the rest of the apt rant.
They had subtitles when most of the locals spoke..
Thank Goodness WhatDidTheySay?
k!
Thanks!
How's that lil love bug?
why :o
Reminder......If you're ridin' ahead of the herd, take a look back every now and then to make sure it's still there with ya.
you're not gonna have to be at that haunted house for long, m'dear.
and it is haunted.
its raining: TRAMPOLINE TIME!!!
Wow its a BEAUTIFUL day!!!
3 but in a couple of hours, its going to be the HOTTEST place on earth.
And its not even summer yet!
UGH!
we have it tomorrow morning too?
Joy
How exciting!
Let me know what you hear back.
My fingers are crossed for you!
Won our last kickball gameplay offs next week!
Sad to see the season ending, though.
actually I decided to pick one up today!
I got it in the color fresh pink, i didn't try it yet but I'll let you knw!
:
Omni Amelia Island hotel pool will be closed until 1st March 2012.
Give her a reason to love again
4 more hours until I'm 16 :D
no football games and doctornks?
So pumped to get back to where it all began..
Nov 30th, Me Vs Myself returns home to Seattle for a Rock filled Evening at The Hardoctorck Cafe!
Adele!!
Love her!!
70 mph winds knocked my power out almost six hours ago.
And it's still out!!
you seemed exciting and excited lmao
You are so fake.
Real tree doctornks say not for city boys I think its not meant for guys like you too.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Research  Spirit sales improve in March; Brown Forman remains the best performer with sales up 9.4.
Well, he IS a GENIUS
The bitter girl training me QUIT.
I've had to go into sink or swim mode :o but I am one determined beotch.
I will figure it out myself!
I must go to Peru.
I've seen the holy ceviche.
interacial bisexual 3ways are always available in two places...Vegas  Harlem...I recommend both, in 1 day.
Was it the sudafed you have to show your doctorvers license for, because it's used for meth production?
There's your answer!
Just got a bribery beej
I'm young simba man I can't wait to be the king
I've been feeling that way for a couple episodes now.
The minor changes are quickly snowballing into major ones.
officially a sophomore in college!!
love this shit!!
yeah.
It's sucking.
I was hoping to get to sleep by 4
Happiness is not 1 but 2 cones from DQ one was small twist dipped in butter scotch the other was kids chocolate dipped in cherry, so good!!!
See ya tomorrow or friday buddy.
wants to do dinner.
Chances are she needs more romance advice.
GOODMORNING BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE , HAVE A WONDERFUL AND BLESS DAY.
CNN projects Santorum winner in Missouri.
...thanks for the follow....keep killing it!!
the truth can be HARD to swallow depending on the size of the pill
whoohoo!
we can hardly wait!!!
Please check your email  I sent you a timesensitive message.
Thank you.
aladdins in memorial or uptown hookah on richmond.
check the site for directions
cant get bugger all done because of the music
yo J we all very excited and anxiously await your arrival.
peace
Good catch Cruz!
God, when are smartphones gonna come up with useful apps like how long until the sedative wears off and how to muffle their screams?
I have to go here .
SMH ...
I remember when Twitter Used 2have Shifts ..
Morn ...
Mid and Twitter After Dark AKA Free 2 Open  Loosen Up
Not sure I wanna see the Hunger Games.
Books were fine enough!
Pure sadness.
Dublin Alumni  we need your photos.
We want to captainre some moments from your Dublin experience.
Please send photos to
so, we couldn't agree with you more!
internsrock : hope you are having a good end of semester!
I have plans like every weekend until after summer break starts lol
If I know what love is; It is because of you.3
is mister Bacon in there?
hahah!
YOU SAID IT...
m men's deodorant.
at least i'll smell like i have a boyfriend today.
I wanna play another show.
Can I get a redo?
Haha, very true.
HelloMonday RT Is there anything more scarry than a blank piece of paper?
My interview with Ashley Judd before she spoke at the YWCA'S In the Company of Women luncheon is coming up on News8 She's remarkable.
more of cheap beer bad food town.
Spending Fri evening reading EDU12 proposal reviews to help assemble conference program.
So many good proposals!
One as a pronoun often sounds artificial.
One must be very careful what one does, as one only wants to sound like one wants to.
was that tiro loco McGraw In the SuperBowl metlife ad?
Yep ...
quick doctorw McGraw for the none Spanish speakers hehehe
Ain't that the truth!
:
but WHY can't this be love?
half of our final four is still alive.
Not great but not terrible.
If Kansas makes it to the final game you're probably good
Art is never finished, only abandoned...
Leonardo da Vinci
Special guest on SAXAppeal tonight.
President Barack Obama!
Tune in at 10pm to hear the exclusive interview!
I didn't realize how much lint I had on my pants.
Hey everybody at the gym, check out my linty pants!
Car shoveled out.
First on my block!
Doesn't matter, still have two feet of snow in the street.
let's give away some tickets for my show!
Call Off The Hook now!
2393896900 mention Trixx' tweet!
So true.
My boys  I are big fans of everything Ghibli, Cowboy BeBop,  Samurai Jack.
Never felt it 4 Disney.
Registration for the fall in 7 hours.
I'm either going to be extremely happy or extremely pissed off.
I'd love to hear/read this!
Any chance it'll be recorded, or you'd be willing to share notes?
word we better get up
And I strongly suggest you guys come down on Friday night
FOR FREE!
If you unfollow me on Cinco De Mayo you're racist.
bye bye internet, back to my insomniac reading.
The anticipation!
: Feat  Motherland blessings I'm very excited about this!
Who has transitioned apps like Office, CRM and email to The Cloud and what was your experience?
Is it weird that I unknowingly started brushing my teeth?
WhatTheFuckIsWrongWithMe ?
im watching the season premiere of la ink you are so pretty :
Giving away a board for 10, Saturday morning, come by either of our shops.
NICE Introduces Analyticsdoctorven Realtime Customer Interaction Management Offering
It's time to finish what wiunion started over a year ago.
With and , we will reclaim Wisconsin.
Good Aftermorining my tweet peeps!!!!!
it can get infected anywhere.
Don't want to argue.
The piercing wouldn't look good on you.
Your so pretty  you don't realize that.
I'll have a hot egg and a half crescent of crisps please
wtf you looking at ugly ass mf tf you got a staring problem cause i could fix it for you:
Sorry mate, I had my spirit broken 3 years ago by CAA.
so many chads down here.
I can't take it.
: that wing stop hit the spot Awwh You Wrong!!
that body builder on fearfactor is ugly as hell
When I'm sad, you always manage to find a way to cheer me up 3
that's what it's looking like.
interview topics
thanks for keeping me on the straight and narrow ;
I didn't get a bagel.
I heart
Leiningen makes me want to set my hair on fire!
Even if it is actually ant that's screwing up
Like...I Don't Like Twitter
im live again nikka les go!!
An optimist laughs to forget..A pessimist forgets to laugh.
i love a girl/boy with braces ;
So I see my dog left me a present in my restroom...
Grrrrr!!!!
Picking up poo is fuckery
Hey how are you?
do not despise the day of small beginnings...
Hm noodles  company.
Then guitar center in Towson.
Pad Thai
Thanks for getting the word out about Dance Week!
You still think Paul Martin is good?
Ish like this is why Fox viewers are so very uninformed.
Thanks so much for the RTs and
yes are you lady !
YES JACOB YES.
I really want to just leave
We offer a full range of Home and Auto coverage for all our clients' individual needs.
Come over and we'll chill in the hot tub.
S/O to my new followerss
Our family said goodbye to a member of our family today.
We let balloons go in his memory, thank you for the wonderful idea.
hahaha..funny lady.....no worries....low clouds/fog here in town heading your way!...that color will be gone by morning!
oh no!
I assume since you tweeted......you are mostly ok.
;
I hate when I be loosing my phone
Scissors in my backpack..might need to take that out before going through airport security.
Excited to participate in my first AAES Board meeting tomorrow and discuss engineering for change
aw thanks!
not yet!
should be done by the end of the month..
i will def let you know when its finished: 
My stepdad just bought this andoctorid tablet.
Hm
She didn't know what she was missing.
Her loss!
:
The dumb bitch made me miss my 200th tweet so here it is here my 200th tweet for being ugly ass n shitty
hysterical.
deep thoughts...:
yeah really sorry about that
House party with free doctornks.
A club without the hot girls
Play hard guys!
Hello...
Are you ready for us world?
Intense way to start morning, bug dealing with concurrency and core dad, ugh
HELP!
SOMEONE PLEASE CALL 911!
MY BED HAS KIDNAPPED ME AND WILL LET ME GO!
Played tiny wings for like 20 minutes straight haha
how is it spam if there's no link?
Hmm I just thought she made dissing you cool or something, so others wanted to try lol
Good afternoon Loviez I slept ok...
had better sleeps lol
i hope the baby doesn't turn out to be a little situation than guys too weird to have a kid
Physically stealing the computer :
yes where is hotintech and when is it over?
I'll come by.
How about you stop what you're doing, pick up the phone, and get Baked!
Chef's Choice dozen for only 9.06!
We're open til 12!
Please RT :
on so it begins...
im looking up for the big ideas while simultaneously skipping over the little rocks
Crazy coincidence.
Am just now listening to a live Rent Party Dont' Take Me Alive.
I think DF was in rare form that tour.
just doctorw me the frattiest paddle pic in doctorw something
for dominion belongs to the LORD and he rules over the nations.
Psalm 22:28
You'll get to :
We would like to thank all of you who have supported us for 2011.
We really appreciate it and we will see you in 2012!
Have a great night!
: Whatcha doin?
Directing a local news morning show in Madison.
Z...
thanks for sharing!
She offered the dude 1k for it, was gonna take it until checked with his boss.
Female ring value just over 10k
THE WORLD IS OURS!!!
I restored it on my own and it still was glitchy.
Screen shutting off, getting all pixelated.
I love to hate the genius bar.
REMEMBER!!!
Tom Catron lecture tonight!
7 pm, Santuario de Guadalupe downtown...
FREE!!!
See you in Miami!
The weather is nice  warm here :
It might not be an allergy but people can naturally get sick over something like it still.
Does everyone have to overjudge?
check DMs please?:
Just heard Tom Waits singing, Maybe things will be better in Chicago.
Maybe, but only from about JuneOctober.
Otherwise no such luck.
omg I wore it in palm Springs last week!
yes, that's her.
I wonder why the link doesn't work?
It works from here...
she's amazing, everything i ever doctoramt of, she's in the audience now winks I: well lets get her out here then!
you shall think about it untill the end of time lol....what you doing for new year?
SMH RT : RT : The amount of money I spend online shopping is just down right crazy
Ill be out and about tonight around Scottsdale and Tempe...
Leaving back to Vegas Tuesday so hit me up if u wanna hang out!
Outstanding!
Is this community service?
pepperoni roll appetizers
See you and Tik later....
just got alot of kettlecorn, haha thought of u
yo, but we really did it tho
Finishing a long week in DC celebrating the Alpha MLK Dedication.
I B Wantin To Cuddle..But Sad...If We Aint Together Why Im I Still In Yo Bed
it's they council me, they understand, they talk to me xP
I like to live in safe environments too.
I don't like dodging bullets and I work my ass off so I don't have to.
Too bad, right man for the job.
RT : CMS admin Don Berwick has stepped down, resigns officially 12/2.
bit.ly/teqyFw
whatever, you know me and her are the best !
Hey everybody...Delmon Young is back!!
The countdown begins as we get closer to our FightforAirClimb May 19.
Join now and climb the stairs in austin Frost Tower to benefit ALA.
Very nice TRMA585 presentation, Will  you brought clarity to ea.
topic  seem like a natural designer I'll be following U :
follow the tHANXX
Yeah, it's going to get cool again this week with showers, but the weekend should be worth the wait!
And thank you for the follow back!
Appreciate it!
Interesting how JLin is automatically claimed as Chinese...
as if over 100 yrs of separate Taiwanese history doesn't mean anything.
why no third level for sunday's game?
It would just add to the loudness of the crowd
Omg I hope you get seen!!!
Also I hope I get to see you?
: In lighter news its almost 6am...
omg college life is like so totally hard.
You poor thing.
How'd you manage?
All I remember from college was how tough life was
is having coffee with Larry Scott and Finn Afzelius.
Ha!
Take that, girl scout cookies!
I just finished a 5.12 mi run with a pace of 10'44/mi with Nike GPS.
Developer presenter from Egle Construction feels a bubble forming in multi family housing construction
In more positive Denver sports news...Todd Helton aka The Toddfather is still raking.
Nothing quite like a pinch hit grandslam
what happened with delta???
When people copy a tweet and say it's theirs ...
Smh
only if u be nice shanika
A bit.
But hopefully not far off.
Come visit ADPonCampus today  looking for fill sales and business type opportunities in
my question is did know about u and fab!!!
dont make me kill yu for wishing that on me jtfo
/// Check your emails fam.
AH I'm so excited
Smokin on that loud wit
hhaha right?!?!
Its hard to judge a pretty girl by one picture ;
Wow.
Twitter can't spell Michele Bachmann.
FACT.
we would have more fun.
Wanna be.
When I blame server issues for not having a fresh blog out tomorrow, the 3 people that read my tweets will know the real reason.
1 too many.
RT : Make fun of Danica all you want but she never blew up the damn Daytona 500
Receive 10 off your Hair extensions just for being one of our awesome followers!
Call 7862346211 today for details!!!
Wow I can't even tell my doctorams apart from real life..
big ups to the jays.
Awesome times!!
What a shock.
Denver knocks out the Steelers on first play of overtime.
Not the same with the Steelers on the outs.
But on any given Sunday.
Blake Shelton would be performing live on 12th Jan at Huntington Center, Toledo, OH.
We got some tickets for this show so call: 8884930004
told NHLLive that his strength gains have as much as anything to do with his monster season 51G in 50 games!
RT : RT : EMBRACE THE CLARITY!
Over the last several years, change has become a constant in the lives of many of...
RT : Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity  not a threat.
Unknown
Joe Flacco is the reason why the revens wont' win the superbowl and Mark Sanchez is the reason the Jets won't win the superbowl.
Veau.
It's what's for dinner.
Tonight's Plat du Jour: Blanquette de Veau  classic French veal stew w/ pearl onions  foraged mushrooms, 26
One day you'll watch TV and say Hey!
I know that guy!
Just hot through choppin it up with the homie O'Quine.
God is good

The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 1st inning.
Pittsburgh Pirates 1, Houston Astros 0
Nope.
Never been during the first weekend in Vegas.
Can only imagine the craziness.
Ugandan zombie childoctorn story is disturbing.People r all into zombies but when the t hits the fan people will be terrified!
Same...
RT : My dad was watching golf  I can't find the remote.
This shit is boring !!!!!
you're very welcome :
Two words: BUBBLE GUTS!
lol, be jelly; jk jk, he used to be very mean to me!
sup wit u bro i wanna do u have any free time cause i wanna work with u on some projects i have
No problem!
teamNatural is under investigation who ever is affiliated will be stop and taken to down town for questioning .
i started reading Hegemony or Survival by Chomsky, such a good read!
does Americanized have 2B involve with the belief of GOD.
America was founded on the value of its fore father n god?
Lol RT My best friend says I'm a blast in a bra.
haha, don't ask.
looking fwd to reading your tweets!
Everybody git down to the Wildhorse Saloon tonight in Nashville at 9 to pull for me to win The Battle For The Saddle!
you know what?
You have me.
I won't block you.
Ever.
Fuck school man :/ tried af havent been doing shit since shes always on my mind...
I need talk to her!
you decide, they are both adorable.
shehechat heshechat I can never remember which
A bright spot for Twins  their pitchers led the AL w/ six 10 games.
Dodgers led NL, also w/ 6 such games  same as 2010.
You guys ready for and to rock whole town tonight?
Get your last minute tickets while they last!!!
RT RT RT RT RT RT
Everybody checking out at the same time...
Watch who's lap you lay your head in.
Amen Pastor D.
i want to go on a follow spree
Im done talking.
U FEMALE DOG!!!
guys if you have a chick don't try to kick it with my that's mad disrespectful
A bird landed on the floor during another long tv timeout.
I do not get where I want to go in one leap.
I get there one step at a time.
Yes they have been teasing us about it for far too long!
at least you're not vomity?
very true ; That's what the plan is on my end.
How about you?
Today's Special, House made fettuccine in a bolognese sauce!
Delicious.
I love watching Laguna Beach :p
A doctorID RAZR would be about the 11th Motorola product I've owned the last 11 years
Setup the treadmill
Lol I'm a work...
What's up
Just spoke w Anna Badkhen, author of Afghanistan by Donkey: A Year in a War Zone says US shld ask Afg What do you want us to do?
RT : Carmelo Anthony would like to see Mike Woodson return as head coach of the Knicks for the 1213 season.
If you dont want me then dont talk to me, go ahead and free youself
Our doctormmer Gary is about to destroy on doctorms as we begin tracking our new DSD release today!
Ever imagined a growler full of the Double Choco Stout?
Oh what it is to know the power and syrupy pow of this truly dessert brew
thanks Diana
No problem!
Thanks for providing quality content!
The Prince was 'charming, now our Founder is off to judge the MBA Talent Show in Kensington.Good luck to all youth who will perform tonight!
your puppy chow looks awesome though
: didn't know you had back issues.
Ill come play a round with ya when your cleared anytime after noon I'm free
Maybe having some student consultants might better help social media endeavors succeed.
I don't see that happen so much though
Someone smashed in my windows this morning with a large blunt object.
today is a Django template on AppEngine day.
matching impedance between frontend and backend.
Well, really looking for what we, as eds, can do, and lord knows we all talk about it a TON, so that's obvs not the answer.
Civilization as it is known today could not have evolved, nor can it survive, without an adequate food supply.
N.
Borlaug
Sleep over with tonight, yay!!!
Go follow my main account!
I will follow everyone back!
But can't tweet, on tweet limit .
33.
This time next year, Communic8 will be a household name.
You heard it here first.
Interested?
Stay tuned.
Reading Screw Business as Usual virginunite and Richard Branson have it right!
I got you
Esp given my own anxiety abt rusty coding skillz is part of what led me not to apply for some of these jobs.
Girlfriend's Best friend.
Abandoned the dumpling festival for the almostascrowded Dumpling House on Eldoctordge.
what's the point in suspending a starting pitcher for only 5 days?
Hey!!
Please ask Brad to sing HuckFinnBlues tonight!
Thank you!
Why did Steve Carrell have to leave The Office
I hope you really meant PittsburgH!
Oh you are sorry...
I don't really mean it.
lmbo!!
yeah you're such a mush!!
lol
Follow me and i'll follow back.:
Greatest.
Local.
Blog.
Ever.
MT : Where Would Jesus Park in BloomingdaleDC?
wwjpinbloomingdale.blogspot.com
my fiance come from two very prominent families in Arlington and not a single one of them or their friends would vote for you.
Visited you Denton Location on Thurs.
I am not exaggerating when I say, that the Dirty Love Burger is the best I've ever had!
Yeah, I was experimenting with ifttt and apparently one of the recipes I set up went a bit crazy...
i heard a rumor that is afraid of the rain, so they will never come to seattle.
Messi with the trick
RT : 12545 Old Meridian St.
Suite 130.
It's up near the Meijer and, according to Yatz, next to The Stacked Pickle.
they'll work for that too , send us a pic we will post it on the site!
was it good?
MLL Champs!!
Congratulations to the from a former dance teamer!!
Working through someone elses emotions is like moving a mountain, impossible unless your Dan Meek
be proactive and have a gameplan.
The recruiting process is very competitive.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
See you all tonight at Kork for St.
Patrick's festivities!
lol you wasn't there when she hit me!
I wasn't gone let her weak ass walk away like shit was sweet!
So yea, I doctorpped her!
oh ok :P
Do you need the usage?
Maybe we can set up a call to see if there's a way to make this work?
Going to choir rehearsal
Did Keha really say she liked your beard?
great use of symbaloo and nice picture books!
Thx let me know if we can help for other conferences!
Steak, corn,  potatoes for dinner !
Yumm 
you guys around today?
TRUE THAT.
Seriously.
Dont even feel like studying anymore...
Fuck it ill study in the morning
WooHoo!
MizMuze just got her tix to see Beach House at the Fillmore on 2/18!!!
Tx for link.
But do you have any specific evidence of decline of interest in blogging among students?
Don't see it in that post.
You know it Que and so does she!
That would be awesome!
I totally feel like I could be a Where the Wild Things are character :
thanks for spreading the Shindig love!
factually correct
I am willing!
Feels like one of those days that you want to ask the teacher if you can have class outside.
I texted you back?
heey I hvent talked to u in a while
Hard baking the eggs instead of boiling is the move.
Success with weight loss has to start with the right attitude.
With a good positive attitude anything is possible!
Animal print pants, out of control!
: Starting the WriteOurFuture year at 2012 BOD mtg while iPod sings,Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle!
Haha I know  I wish I could talk sports and name doctorp owners as friends.
soo.
its my birthday today..
and nobody si home.
wtf.
Ticketweb is back up.
That was fast!!
7 hours!!!
I'm not ready.
Andoctorw.
I will split the deal with u.
I need a Java non h1 b person Seattle start up.
Free.
We appreciate that you took time out of such a hectic day to attend our event!
It was great to see you and your family there.
OMG!
Why does this idiot keep comin in my office talkin to me?
I've already told him I will NOT agree w/anything he has to say!
Q5.
Share or describe your most embarrassing picture
In scientific writing, and otherwise, avoid commas, that are, really, unnecessary.
Lunch is over and James McPherson is up.
His nominee for POTY1862 is David G.
Farragut.
What do you think?
I've always hated birthdays.
Business is good and we appreciate the support!
Ya I'm fine just a little angry
Grandma always said Feed a fever, starve a cold.
Does your family have tricks for staying healthy this time of year?
So glad to hear.
Now that Gingrich is out, I wish I could forget his name as easily as I did that other guy.
I have gradschool tonight, which must mean the are in a crucial game and actually televised.
Looking forward to December...
Here's my feeling on the importance of tonight's Lakersthunder game: LA can still win series without W tonight.
OKC can't without W tonight
ah!
That would be fun!!!
Let's do it!
I'm so glad you're an Omahan!
I can't wait to run into you or meet for a doctornk or coffee once bigomaha settles down.
BEWARE OUR MOOSEY DOOM!
We are 8 followers away from 500!
When we hit 500 followers, we'll choose a random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue 21!
lol I'm known to be a bad influence ;
good to hear, let me know if you need anything!
that's not safe!!:p
I heard was at your house the other day......
Big Daddy.
Google revenue up 27, professorts up 6.4 so stocks fall 10.
Not good enough apparently...
This uneducated fool finds that bizarre.
How have you been boo?
imy
The PinUp Squirrels are performing at The PIT at 9:00 on Sat., 4/21!
Come on out and see them!
Home watching Rangers on tv and following yanksangels on the iPhone.
Let's go Yankees yes I know I'm saying that!!!
Lakers look pretty good
CHECK YO MAIL..
Who trying play though..
that's the real question
Singing is not worship.
Justice is worship, and when justice prevails the people sing.
Eugene Peterson
why not feeling good?
Cuz I want you guys to miss me.
Jk lol
2 things.
Twitter is full of attention whores and snl is the worst show on tv.
That is all.
At St.
Ignatius with the youth group!
do you mean djangoemailconfirmation or djangomailer?
: Good Morning!
S/o to the people who never sleep in, constantly up early on their grind!
doctorVE  good morning
On a serious note...
Yeah, I want him to be a head coach again as well.
FREE Premium health food samples for dogs and cats www.freepetfoodsamples.com
I get that tingley feeling whenever 101.5 plays my 3 favorite songs in a row!
It's magic!!
I hear sucks at madden!
In fact he was using Tom Brady playing against tampa bay and got less than 100 passing yards :/
finally chose a college, now i just need to pack up my things and get my ass back to california.
who's ready for me?!
In a car with friend Music on really loud Friend: This is really loud.
Me: No shit, I'm in the car and can hear too.
why does Chuck still have 2 talk dirty about city of San Antonio on TV?
Alamo and Tower of Americas both great
Our current peak crawling capacity is now over 4 billion URLs per month!
dont forget to pack your boomstick for the trip to SF
I miss you bunches:
I just had a seizure watching this Arcade Fire.
Is that normal?
Tell it like it is
Working till 1:30 then PreMothers Day cookout with the fam :
I'm so excited for this Summer!!
Stewart Mandel, college football  basketball columnist for SI.com, joins The Score in a few minutes to talk college football realignment!
i started in london,n stayed for 3 days bt my gf ended it,so i went o boston,walkd to richmond on wednesday got my gf bak then walked to NY.
They pull links, it is the live site in the binder.
o yea?!
muahz!!
Clippers  HEAT won pretty good day now all I need is for my stomach to get better.
Hey Everyone!
Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42 Plasma TV?
Check out Buddy's, they have them for 19.99/wk.

Burnt Tongues Cover
I love coming home to a super clean house.
Thank you maid service!
I'm lazy and a guy, don't hate
How many commercial breaks has there been?
Like..
20,000?
I think so.
Get Tony and Jack in the war room!
We've got work to do!
Idk why, but spiders more than anything freak me out...
it takes a lot to scare me so idk whats my deal...?
Gerry  belated thanks and well wishes.
Appreciate the FollowSaturday SO.
Hope ur having a great holiday weekend.
Brian
Heros get remembered, Legends never die
Sometimes I Just Be Wondering
Does that include changing ur Twitter?
U can just add something to it.
Google keeps linking my old twitter to your page 
Thanks for following!
You an audiophile?
I used to work for a few LD and builders.
i knowww!
i'll return son
If I were a fruit, I would be passion.
congrats  have a great time at curatecamp !
Eightythree Technology Launches Lock My Downloads for iOS, Providing A Secure Web Browser, Fast MultiDownload Manager ...
lol, funny stuff.
worldview  tradition  culture  mental models; we just assume that's the way it needs to be ..
have a wonderful day.
You kicked butt this weekend so you can see the kids tonight.
Perfect.
Just think E thinks your tough.
When Fitzy gets recalled there should be a 12:01 am rally in celebration.
The Knicks are saying Jeremy Lin is out for 6 weeks after an mister reveals a small chronic meniscus tear.
say hello to my little friend.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination.
optimistically speaking is a term that comes from 19 years of losing.
Damn!!!
Fantasia got me wanting Collard Greens and Cornbread!!!
Now I am hungry!!!
Almost ready to announce the new logo!
Then after that the new blog will follow :
S/o too all my new followers : muahhzxO
If you ever got something done for u by me for little to nothing and you still complain I'd say you were
Read tales to my grandkid J.
I love tales, I live in a tale.
I am a queen he is a little prince.
Happy Birthday!!
Sounds like it's off to a great start!
did you see my artwork I bought the other day?
Can't remember if I mentioned it last time.
Roasting marshmallows in my fireplace while lounging on the chaise really gets the ideas flowing.
Nice winter way to get over
Super Bowl Crockpot Recipes These Super Bowl Crockpot recipes make it easy to throw a fantastic party and still enjoy the game.
These rec
Wishing my Mom a Happy Birthday
help me fight my cases when u finish
I kicked it today with the bby  my big homie :
phdadvice : It's more a question, I think, of teaching a student how to assess the risk of a topic.
ha that and Taylor swift!!
Such garbage!!
Belongs on 104 KRBE!!!!
I'm waiting for Texas country to blow the fuck up like it should!
oh so welcome!
which one
Family can get really annoying
good morning and happy halloween.
Selling all my furniture from my Hollywood apt...or trading it for a bicycle with a basket.
do everything that will bring more joy to your life!
MidnightInParis.
Nigh Nigh all.
Sweet doctorams, I know I will now!
The inside of Blair is tough
Cause you're always beautiful in the morning
TONIGHT Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Heavy Trash, Boss Hog, Pussy Galore 11
antiquing is fun!!!!
No matter how creepy
All of this Corr stuff is cracking me up.
PAY HEED, , when you invent players out of thin air, WE'LL CALL YOU OUT ON IT.
9.5cm dilated...about to push out a baby!
What's a favorite holiday tradition you and your family have?
just ended my LTR with ATT!
Got my iPhone AND Verizon!
Whoot :
It's sad that most women would reject Erik The Lizard Man Sprague just because he has a reptile dysfunction.
Member what happened to the last guy who the voice?
....
My point exactly.
Thx for taking time to follow Love your products
I'm trying to get up with Sam now but he ain't hit me back yet
Goodbye family law.
You've been a thorn in my side all semester, I'm glad to see you go.
ILoveAustinBecause he makes me happy !!:
Missed like a week and a half of school and still have a 100 in science
Catch our on YR today on CBS as Tucker's nurse!
When the fire underneath ur ass, don't try  bring me in it...once again MADD cow
Reminder friends: I tweet about all things of interest to me  think it's worth sharing.
From veganism to my tech clients.
Hence ...
only in america will you see people circling the parking lot looking for a close space at a gym.
lol
I hope you are having a great day so far!
Don't forget to be a blessing to someone else as well!
Whoops.
I was trying to thank aw, do you have split personalities?
you just thanked yourself for the RT.
Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,WE GOING IN,DOWN LOAD TUNE IN RADIO TO YA PHONE, ARE
thinking if I can get Tilestream and geoserver installed, and can hit them with Leaflet.js, I will be happy....for now.
What do you like about football
that is a pretty interesting schedule.
Enjoy the day!
Back in Edinburgh, leave for Athens in the morning, cheers.
But mommyy I don't want to go to the dentist :
Saw Taylor swift last week Saw Wendy williams today!!
Christmas is coming...TisTheSeason for your heat 2 go out.Give us a call 4 all your RepairNeeds.We also give FreeAdvice via twitter/email.
THAT MAN IS A CHAMPION.
CHAMPION.
TY so much for sending T that man is all about POS IMPACT, clearly he knows what life's about:
FEELING THAT HUNGER FOR MORE
I just noticed the arrows were the wrong way lol
I hate when other black people act distant and cant speak!
UncleTom ass
But that's why you pay some one like me to do that stuff for you!
If anyone has a micro  mini USB phone charger we can borrow, that would be awesome.
Someone forgot theirs.
also why isn't snooki being pregnant trending?
That guy at michael kors 
Music tonight: Wed., April 4, 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
RT I dined there last night FF Oakland Food  doctornk
Instructor played as a cool down jam.
Perfect way to end a great spin class
You're cool and all, but I don't want a third consecutive semester of 3 finals in one day.
Thanks and Tech 'em wreck.
Sat night and watching Moulin Rouge in High Def with my step bro.
I didn't see it until Angela put it on my wall
I don't kiss celebrities' asses just to get them to retweet me .
just lost her phone...
And someone special has it
got a quote for the bus..460.
We may have to have a bake sale or fundoctoriser lol
ooh!
Sorry to hear.
Goes by fast is all I can say.
chill damm laws outside.
like.
do you have a gallery of pieces for sale online?
It's like the Survivor of Top Chef.
Send us a design for a free quote.Get the special pricing you are looking for!
We are here at your services!
hell ya perez!!
That's true!
What is your opinion about using the internet in providing education ?
The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes.
Agatha Christie
Orland Mall!
What Up
LakerNation you already know...
Should i do a cover of who says by selena gomez or a thousand miles by vannessa carlton?
O.o
how come you never retweet religious edicts?
God allows us to hit rock bottom to show us He is our rock at the bottom..Thank You God for being there for me.
teach me trig!!
it is fun but sometimes frustrating heh
Minnesota Vikings release Caleb King after alleged assault
Life is like a box of chocolates u never no what ur gonna get
wine and olives?
huh....
Happy Mothers Day That's for all the dude who wish that u were their Babies Mama.
Lmao.
The NYJ need a miracle
If a four year old spelled those words I'd reward an A for effort.
But adults?
All I have is prayer.
It's a grand and a glorious feeling just to be a child of God.
me to.
ggrrrrrr: I forgot to make cupcakes.
Whoops.
WHO RECORDED SAYSOMETHIN ????!!!??!1 I NEED IT!!!
Mindblowing stuff!
RT : You can be jealous or you can be prosperous.
But you can't be both.
Just how i feel right now!!
of course I would LOVE to hear it!!
Send me a link when it's all finished!
YAYAYAY!
;
YEA!
Do you like, want to eat a cheeseburger later or something?
I have 'Cuse winning it all!
Go Orange!!!
i play 1 game a day.
I do nba, mlb, ncaab, nfl, and ncaaf.
Maybe i can give u my picks for a few months so you can see how i do
Hey Girl :
Thanks to all the ACS folks for their excitement and support of NLD!
We have now almost doubled the  of NLD chemists!
Love me back shit 
Friday!
Another week in the books, time for everyone in SouthFlorida to take a break.
Before you do, call 8772449913 and order today!
yes yes and yes!!
We are in the ballroom!
Still no costume yet :/
What is your favorite happy hour spot in the Twin Cities?
minneapolis stpaul happyhour Mine is a sleeper...
JJ's Clubhouse after softball
At Frishes with aunt an uncle
Would rather hunker down with Manu Chao Pandora station and dark chocolate than go out in the rain again.
Duty calls.
Sam shields what's good?
I slept with Harry Styles while the others cried.
Hehe
And I think I just found out how to find you!!!
One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it.
Pedoctor Calderon de la Barca
I'm stuck in class but somebody in the penthouse across the street has the game on
will be in to STL for the Cards game.
Bring nicer weather!
Why oh why am I going on a rain or shine hike tomorrow during The Biggest Storm of the Season?
Hope my rain gear is sufficient.
Blues clues or Elmo !!!
Lemmme know :
wats wrong mama??
yay.
Get money ready.
Kate's second tooth came out 2 days ago.
But we forgot to put money under pillow until yesterday oops.
You win some, you lose some.
Me too!
Time for bed!
Put...phone...down!
Happy Friday, Do  Goers!
What are your weekend plans?
I think about this often but have never found the words to describe it.
wants to go to coffee with you and discuss for hours
Today is definitely and I don't care day.
NToYs are looped into your TLN?
Is that the same as Teacherpreneurs work?
Hangs with This girl is awesome
See this is for the girls labeled trouble for being themselves
Nice catching up with you this morning Gerry.
Good to see you're doing well.
ill call AJ up...
You can do it:
I gotchu!
Idk if imma cry but shit is going to be sad.
ur so lucky justibieber is following u
The roaches are back.
I didn't miss them.
Pythagorus As soon as laws are necessary for men they are no longer fit for freedom.
When I get home I may try to twerk my cramps away.
Good idea?
.
Could be a cottage industry: YouTube videos of signing things.
need to talk you about ajay : tell me when your on please i been crying historically i need you :
is about to get the unfollow if he dont follow me back!
your personal friend Big Baby, looking LIKE A MAN!
What a RUN!
Go Hawks!
True that.
Launch party at with and food.
Show this tweet and come join.
So people who vote for the MVP votes like numbers eh?
Well 3 is a number  that represents the number of rings Tony Parker has to LBJ with 0
Even the stars look brighter tonight nothing's impossible 3 Depeche Mode day.
Thatamazingfeelingwhen you hear the ice cream truck and you know spring time is here!
Just had a great lunch with Mark Metcalf
Just getting 2 work.Hanging out with Herro brings back old times..
do you have Linkedin?
NOT good enough!!!
I want crabs, lol
they look me up n down like im somebodys juicy smoked sausage burger.
Braves won!
Awesome!
the questions on this syndicated version of who wants to be a millionaire are really easy.
i need to get on that.
Chocolate contact flavonoids, which act as antioxidants.
Antioxidants protect the body from aging caused by free radicals.
Enjoy!
Looking forward to receiving our new delivery from ...office looking small and tired
Thank you do much!
You guys are so flacking awesome XD FOLLOWERS :
you are very pretty!
are you a model?
while your having that coffee let me sing to u message me your email and Ill send u some of my songs in mp3 form J
Seeing Cherry Orchard tonight, reminded how much AC's plays feel ADD, one very short scene overlapping over another and another.
Hooray for you!
MT Thanks to all who came to Literature Party!
raised for Young Chicago Authors and many dance moves made.
Ppl who only twitter complaints  negativity use to annoy me.
Now they inspire my positive outlook.
My life is great.
Thank you pessimist.
Getting Started With Google Shopping Feeds
I'm calling an end to Facebook/Instagram jokes as of right...
now.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston :,
I dislike people who force the situation
Thanks.
I cleared my cache, came back in a we're good.
Comment  Wine  Minimum Pricing: For Richer, For Poorer?
The spectre of minimum pricing for alcohol took physical form in the UK last mo
Need to take newer headshots!
do u remember highschool doctorma?
Yeah this is 100 times worse.
Tomorrow or Thursday after work?
Going around following Pretty Boys .
3 They Unf
Can't do it
I helped another actor book a commercial on Friday!
Feels good to help others and particularly actors.
Probably have helped 1000's book.
I get an email from Mom sayin Teach me how to Dougge later she asks wat's Dougge?
Is it sexual?
I ws laughin so had!
she crazy lol
Was told last night that if I'm always happy, then I can never actually be happy.
Not true.
Sometimes I'm ecstatic.
To World Flattening and Higher Ed Disrupting!
You, too!
RT : Thanks for following, fellow sagaftramerger supporters:
Just upgraded to WPMu 2.8.6.
If you encounter any problems,  us!
Moral of the Sarah Phillips story: don't take people at their word, especially over Twitter.
Do you homework
that's so cute that your jealous
Omfg  this is a tease
Great Now I have more problem with iphone after the iso update
I did not lie.
I was on here around 5pm
I'm all paranoid right now bcus there is a spider hiding in a crack in the corner of the ceiling.
But I just found out that the spider is
Body is hurtin
atxcouncil consent agenda passes, CM Riley votes against Taxi items.
Congratulations!
See I'ma tell you, like you told me, cash rules everything around me
What do you think about Klout's new brand squads?
Not really sure it will affect this
Follow the yellow brick road down to my page then click follow to follow me!
u going off?
Ok, I'll tweet him and dm him when he get online.
Bye!tc.
:
Happy I got my new phone
If you're in the Austin area tonight I know what you should do...come to Threadgill's for some good food  live music!
810pm
I fell asleep early last night so I didn't get your text till just now, and I didn't wanna reply in case you were asleep.
Switching lanes during a turn 
in LA!
I don't mind flying if they have cocktails and wifi.
I still have my psych papers :o I feel bad throwing them away
Out of the 550 NLH.
Got Aces cracked.
Then lost a flip w AQ vs 10s.
I don't care who's your first, I only want to be your last.
I hear you like the bad boys honey, is that true?
Left one light on in car while working out.
Now eaiting for roadside assistance for a jump.
Oh well.
Could be worse.
from the 67 team has more followers than
omg omg haven't used twitter in forever.
:D
Ha, no, not at all.
I should probably be less sweeping in my passiveaggression.
RT I would like to go where time sta.d still and all that doesn't matter fade away
pudding?
I thought you were referring to the other P word...
: it looks like your account has been hacked.
: OKC will sweep the lakers....
no doubt
lol ryan got a mini heart attack:
GameofThrones tonight  I almost forgot!
I speak two languages: Body and English.
Mae West
Why Is everything always so funny when your not supposed to laugh?
These speeches are real snooooozers lol
um im not?
what are you talkin about .
I just need some motivation ...
Merry Christmas to me!
Dinner last night at Love love love that place!!
: Spending some time tonight watching a DVD...
GetBetter FollowBack Thanks Joe!
Hope you can make the events!
Thank you!
:
thank you!
RubenSalazar became Mexico City bureau chief, becoming the first MexAmerican to hold such a position at a major newspaper.
I've been out of school for over a year!
I've got the shakes!
Don't judge me!
NFL preseason this weekend!
Twentyone days until regular season begins!!
Who is your team?
Loving all the Actorfest tips from and others.
No Voter ID in TX Action today at Sheraton Houston Brookhollow, 3000 North Loop West, 4pm
Doing Work
I know!
Watching FNL just makes me feel so good!!
Saturday night comedy EXPLICIT LANGUAGE www.freekshowradio.com
Thanks for teaching me so much about social media features!
I am so glad to meet u!!
This is the greatest weekend ever!!
Fact: is pretty.
hellloo!
have been on but are newly embracing twitter.
thanks for the follow xo
That story was seriously messed up!
Did you see the ages of the kids?
4, 5, 6  7!
Idiots!
Enjoying dinner and beers with   Love outoftownguests aef
RT : Maybe he's reading Twilight, The Story of the Female Vampire Invasion of the NBA.
:3 you too!
Awake, ready for this day.
RT : UFWH is a proud sponsor of 's 8th Annual Film Festival, happening next week!
I think he was just diving
Isn't weird when people are at your house and you have no idea when they are leaving?
Vegas mayor Carolyn Goodman TribeFest service project  for Jews, education is most important thing about who we are.
Pass it on today.
White denim rockin it yum
u rock my world!
my fall is filled up with wonderful events thanks to you!
nw little man.
Woman is doctorving and changed her babys diaper while doctorving.
Hilarious scene.
Give Mac a smooch!
He is an alum!
Freddie Mac names former ETrade chief as new CEO
So elusive!
looking forward to not acting our age :
So what was that about Lebron in the 4th quarter?
Sucks having a midlife crisis at 27, but I get a penis car out of it.
Thank you so much!!!!
Matthew
That was awesome.
New Fumes.
The video projection was perfectly in sync w the music.
Everything from elephant sex to creepy clips of owls.
Just saw PiersMorgan on the WHCD red carpet.
I thought this event was for journalists.
RT : Hey boo!
They are going to blow your phone up come July!
WATCH!
And mister Tone will answer.
knows!
I am just bad.
A day without music, is a day wasted.
Oh yeah, that.
How about Robin Yount then?
RT : We are in Greenwood TONIGHT.
Ashley Furniture Parking lot.
Come get a hot slice for dinner!
when are we getting the band back together ladies?!
Replacement is nothing new to me..
I sent the tweet as a test while training her.
I can't believe that and I are finally starting our lifelong forever best friendship for life today.
I'm so excited.
cc
Oh my gosh.
This week is my last full week of school.
Let me go cry /3
I can't remember where she said that or the context...
help!
damn cant get enough
and actually rhetoric is part of distinctly oral argumentation tradition, which is why do teach public speaking...
Funny.
This song is about how contrived and saturated the metal scene has gotten.
Windigo has some fire for sure.
I wonder if you're able to text 911 if you're in an emergency.
My freaking wrist has a huge knot on it and my whole legs bruised,and my foot hurts..
i think im falling apart!
Ahaha :/
NP Control System by , been on dudes music ever since he FIRST started, these niggas kno nun bout this.
dont let the gov get u
You know how it is in the kid's book world; it's just bunny eat bunny.
Anonymous
Jealousy, turning saints into the sea.
OPEN UP YOUR EAGER EYES IM FUCKKNG UP ALL THE WORDSAAAA
Facebook bought Raising Hope too?
Congrats!
Eating junk food!!!
What artist do you want to come back as a hologram??
Awww, thanks so much, !
You're an inspiration.
anything special we need to do to get an invite?
Ha, didn't catch the this a.m., what went down?!
I seriously wish was performing tonight...
Ion never mind workin.
U dont work, u dont eat.
Point blank, period.
U know da rules.
YES RT : June 22nd.
Lets go have a party at the mall.
its probably the highlight of my day:
My innocent search to start a video blog turned into an hr reading on you.
Looking forward to get started  maybe hear back?
:DThx!
If you've got a Rock Band request for Paradizzle, send a DM and we'll try to make your doctorams come true.
Sophie the Giraffe arrived to the shop today in Brookhaven!
Every celebrity has it,  for only 22 this teether is uhh maze ing !
thank you for the info on  on haitus at the moment but hope to check out their work soon!
Lots of occupypgh action happening today!
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted to biggiesize life with McMansions and Hummers.
We want to humanize life.
good morning!!!!
: up early
comeatmebro FOR SURE!
Great first day of UCSB Early Modern Social Networks Conference.
Ann Blair makes me rethink authorship and network theory.
Forgot I had to read 100 pages for homework.
get my DM?
I see the sleep machine tweet.
Worth looking into.
:
There is nothing in this world like being the Daddy of a baby girl.
Time to make the dollars....
just noticed your professorle changes without even seeing the contest!!!!
FYI  gained 12 followers too since Jan 31  8:30 2/2
75 year old guy next to me at brkfst A woman can make or break you.
just think back
Boom, Bobby Jenks with a DUI, hitandoctorn, and property damage?, his lawyer better be ready to
I don't respect niggas who cock block in the club ....
If she doctornk and going you go share no matter what bird ass niggas ...
one year and one day ago, however the outcome was far better that time :
Ben  Jerry's now sells Red Velvet Cake ice cream.
Found it at Byerlys in MN but its everywhere.
SO GOOD.
I hate the Yankees.
But I've always respected Rivera, hate seeing him go down like this, hope to see him go out on his own
RIP Pete Fornatale.
I got u now.
Cookies'N'Cream does not but we have 4 others that do!
Hope everyone is having a great Christmas!
lame?
more like
Working with our friends this morning!
can u follow back sexy
When the hell are you coming to Vegas?
I need some comedy ASAP.
Wait, Whitney Houston died?!!!
Where was the coverage???!!'
Gonna get one of those new Rhode Videomic Pros.
Is it worth the extra money to get the stereo version?
miami heat over dallas in game 3 is my prediction.
10296
Some studies have shown that broccolis vitamin B6  folate may offer some protection against heart disease  stroke.
Dear Franklin park, Feels like it's been ages, let's catch up over some primavera tacos for the first day of spring.
Regards, Chupacabra.
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SUNSET to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
Yeah, I guess so.
the boys won.
Mitchell with a stellar double on 9 to shoot 37.
They only played 9 holes today
equallyvalid RT : Meowing for pats autocorrects to meeting for data.
You smell like a monkey.
I hate HATE hearing people chew food...creeps me out!
Close your damn mouth...ugh animals
may peace be upon yall fam...maintain a positive out look on today and make the best of wat u workin wit 
Tigers haven't sold out for tonight or tomorrow night...
Come on D...
That's pathetic
Berlin seems like a mash up city too  east and west B are stitched together by mass transit, diffs still visible.
Everything I've said pertains to the Democratic primary.
I didn't research republicans, and our ward has 1 dude on the green ballot.
Look who is up at the ZOU
Ah, didn't realize Gabe was at a Friends' school.
Yes, most are very good!
Sadness!
The big gray dumb one I've got falls off of things all the time.
He's lucky he hasn't done that.
C'mon Orloff, get on base here to give Springer another shot!!!
Some bro at the laundoctormat answered his phone by shouting whazaaaaaaaaa?!
I quickly became inundated with nostalgia.
Kiss you on the neck  I'll steak ya heart:
Boo.
Paradise Lost 3 should have won.
WM3
Pfizer Nears Deals for Nutrition, Animal Health Units: Report
Saw Dylan Peevy at Thunder Alley!
hahaha....isn't that the truth!
Good night world be safe
nope....
he sincerely wants to make love to u sarah!!
dont fight it
Good Morning, LB!
The most controversial thing we ever said was that Ernest Scared Stupid is the greatest Halloween movie ever
yung circular breathing
This Kings game, tho
My exgirlfriend liked my comment on a mutual friend's status.
Way to make it so obvious that she still wants me.
Isn't that awful?
Going home and finding your doctorpes missing is definitely a bad feeling.
Hoping it ends soon for you!
Changed our professorle pic!
Paint the town Purple: Go Ravens!
i feel like ingonres me D:
never would have thought that.
have you heard him?
Happy Friday!
!!!!!
Xoxoxo
don't really like the look of windows 8, you?/:
Well, generally, yes  but all of my instances with similar hardware specs are doing other dataloads!
Lol.
Heidi Smith.
Point at foot, pull trigger.
She did an excellent job during her term.
Sweet Sweet Dessert doctorams Everyone!
Traffic Traffic Traffic
aka it's a song.
But yes.
I agreeI believe in Foundation.
Their mission is to provide school supplies to kids who need them, nationwide.
NO ONE WILL OUT WORK ME J SUAVE
Restarting the whole song, because you missed your favorite line x
you know i'm down for whatever
please support and follow
No matter how early I go to bed, I will always wake up for school exhausted.
Just chillin with my chocolate chip Teddy Grahams
I CAN NOW OFFICIALLY SAY THAT I AM GOING TO ONE DIRECTION'S CONCERT KDJKASLJFLS LIKE WHAATTT IT'S SO WEIRD TO THINK ABT IT HAHA
My uncle died from stress..he worked himself up so much that he popped a vein in his head..Im not gonna die that way....
I'm headed to Jockamo for the first time.
Which pie should I try?
Just finished season 3.
better put the rest on instant stream PRONTO!
Who's ready for this weeks freebie?
Did you miss last weeks?
Find them on our blog www.wearelux.com
Tory Burch answered my Q on authenticity: It's great to be inspired by others.
But you need to create own look and not be too referential.
Hey we got some new photos on our myspace and our facebook check em out!
why yes I am fine and dandy.
BTW, note this is my professoracct here, so quoting Coach Calhoon, let's keep it clean folks :
I'm interested in disturbing the linearity of my day with a little reflection on my mindset a year ago with
I think you should call in the ObamaCare vote favor.
Make him put you on the ticket as VP.
THE BABY IS LIKE HARRY'S BFF, AND SHES SO CUTE.
whatevs.
judge me.
i love her.
hahahahaha
Love in the form of rain boots!
reached her rain boot goal in just 2 weeks!
Join in  more  more boots:...
13 Glorious Windless bicycle miles1 hour.
Done!
Great, I get to recap Grimm for for another full season.
........but right now at this very moment sex would be good
show.
Girls keep flashin their boobs at him.
Everybody loves him!
I bust thru my city, wit nuttin but my two fists...
Put em up sticc em up..
Homie, Lets do dis!!!
People going to the whitesox/cubs crosstown game tomorrow cant bring doctornks or food only buy it inside.
Also theyll be a ton of security
There isn't much of any quality now here in the states.
yes we should.
have a think.
i can also just call u.
ive travelled for a living for 25 yrs  writer/film
did you decide to go take a shower?
Shake Shack on the Post Road instead?
sometimes there's no right answer, only the best answer.
sometimes there's no best answer, just the only answer.
sometimes there's no answer
watching melancholia finally and eating grilled cheeze with the SCHWAP SCHWAP!
Thankful for Phoenix '78 Prove It and the whole 'Promise' box.
And haven't even watched Houston '78 house cut yet.
Yesterday was my birthday and it wasnt very good but ur music made it a bit better thanks :
Remember love and remember me
I see you feeling freaky, we on another level
: poundthealarm love this song!
lol told you!
Best phrase ever
Have to figure out a new way to accept credit cards.
My guy isn't doing it anymore.
Boo.
English coffee.
'Nuff said.
Just had some delish Easter pho at !
I'm going back this week for a beer tower.
you just made me do the same...that stuff is contagious...lol
please follow me!
or promo me!
make my day!!!
thanks bud 3 XD
And we will fade into darkness
today starts extended hours, open til 5pm.
Thank you!!
: youngrevivalist too many people want to be a voice to a generation and not enough want to be God's voice to a generation.
THanks for
The Gulf Coast is warm and sunny today.
Makes me feel almost guilty to see the snow and ice north of me.
I do remember the cold.
Brrrrrrrr.
would you like to come with us next time?
u welcome :D
Two tags just for good measure.
Ha!
RT : How can someone crave in n out after working out for a hr!?
So grosse!
in n out is quite phenomenal tho lol
Ron ArtestMWP supporter since Indiana days...Easily one of the best defenders in the league, and the only one who can guard every position.
sure but I have an exam this week and next week so if I x reply that means I'm busy.
uhm, who let it get to half way through May already?!
It will be a blast!
Oh yeah, and a really good show too :
PTI SHOW  ESPN
mister Jobs was a part of my life since I was 5 years old.
He will be forever a hero and inspiration to me.
One Infinite Loop.
Emma Stone is adorable and all, but I'm so sad that her doctorss is trying to strangle her.
saw the phrase unicorn abortions somewhere and now can't remember where
Thanks for the Emma Forrest recommend on your blog...looking forward to the read!
:
I'm reading your tweets and they're pretty hilarious...
Hilarious in a you're a special child kind of way.
There are some really cool new arrivals, I wish I was listing new items right now...just a little longer opening soon Chicago!
Whatever stops the tears at night.
Public restroom  warm toilet seat  The Worst.
hows the wonderful Canada doing??
;
RT : Just realized we weren't connected here!
Followed and listed you  and thanks again for having me speak...
Cockney accents just scream class.
I miss The Face magazine.
Failed attempts at sleep today...............Those beach pics have just melted my mind.
Guess I'll get started on the turtle tank.
Make the bet mister Beaver.
Collectivey coalescing towards a unifying thought, bu won't change much without campaign reforms  term limits.
What teacher does that?JW
Jamming to Angels and Gentlemen on the way to mall.
This will be a great car ride.
Agreed.
Fix it or nix it.
Black ops time!
:D
The Museum Wll Be Open Free Of Charge on Sat.
9/10  Sun.
9/11 to Commemorate The Bravery Of Our Fallen Heroes!
ExpertVisibilityTip: If u want a stronger relationship w/a media outlet, learn all about them, their depts, who does what, how u can help.
The notebook
Shocking.
not RT A body has been found in the North Bend bunker.
It is believed to be Peter Keller.
At the GetMotivated seminar.
Gen C.
Powell is on stage
very true.
I haven't met any RP supporters that plan on voting for Romney.
All work and no play makes Jack a dullboy.
Hah!
How our lexicon has evolved  RT : Tried to bump at altimetertweetup to no avail bump fail
playing on xbox?
i'm a big pats fan living in boston and certified fifa boss, let's play sometime.
I predict extra innings
If I die young 
So what time is the boyfriend video coming out 2morrow or isnt gonna air on midnight??
Do we see eye too eye ???
Back to tweeting.
Enjoying the day with my fam and son.
what a sad day...again.
Why?
Don't ask.
Putting away the Dean Martin cd and going for a run.
Aug 6 '09.
Ew.
ok sounds good
The hero of Elton John's song Levon was named after Levon Helm.
just click my follow button:D
Paula Abdul is stuck in my head and there's only one way to deal with it ...
ThoughtsWhileRunning I need to quit smoking.
idk man.
It's a stretch.
U can beat them if Pau and Bynum are able to take their Maxi Pads out tho
Ill check that out.
Ill see if I can find a pdf of it...Egypt is in such a wtf?
state right now
good work...
great topic!
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
9
Despite doctormbeat there is no cyberwar and may never be but cybercrime is big problem says
Only two days left to vote on your favorite Long Sleeve Tee and enter to win FREE GEAR www.facebook.com/UmeusClothFamily
If there were a '30 between 35 and 37' list, I'd totally be on it.
congrats on all your happenings!!
Office looks FAB!!
I'm supper excited to be with my baby at the Britney Spears FemmeFataleTour on Friday in Miami at the A Arena!!
And to see Nicki Minaj!
: Just came from this audition to possibly be in a Sprite commercial  I claimed it for you...it's already yours!!!
That should be addoctorssed to and not Just saying.
No school today in Paulding County!
What a great excuse to stop in for a great lunch.
Today was the longest day ever finally home spent most of the day with my FAM
That was a bad call Ref!!!!!
See you later for your panel at AHAA2012  Will be amazing!
Waiting for Tom Jones, Documentation, The What, Why, and Where ...room's filling fast!
FF Most importantly,
old love songs  new love songs
you're making me jealous with all of those schmexy cars.
Loving the new HTML5powered Pandora site!
ESPECIALLY love that if you refresh the page, it picks the track up where you left off.
We're super excited!
Can't wait to see what shirts you have!
DNG or TIFF/EP?
What's the deal, ya'll?
Does a GQ cover come with the salad?
I'm so jealous.
Mail me some.
has silly bitch been over to Cher island lately?
Now I'm glad I've never been on a Segway...but easy to be smug, mister Bicycle Pants.
:P
needs to come to FetishHouston for me tonight !!!!!!!
Do you do gift cards?
I'm gonna miss you too
teamhappyandforeveralone ALL DAY ERR' DAY!
What's up with all this breaking news today?
Occupy protest all over US, death of Civil Rights Rev.
Shuttlesworth  Apple's Steve Jobs dead.
we aren't going to the river.
:
Naah your breaath, that shit craaa!
Don't you have a bedtime young bull?
If you had the ability to pull any data about your patrons, what would you want to know about them?
Got the ipod on shuffle
wow, hey its claire..
i forgot the password for this twitter :Lbut im back :D ps sam..
thanks for giving me the passwrd again :L x
Are you open to selling your handle?
New Day!
New Trouble!
I can go from adorable to trouble in zero to 60!
Stay tuned!
The Ides of March leads to the Banisher of snakes.
Shakespearean I'd say.
The sky is so clear and full of stars...
Lucky!
Also, looking forward to seeing you speak at BEA.
Pinterest is a nut I've yet to crack.
This new coffee maker might be the best thing that's happened to the library in the five years I've worked here.
Adorable!
And Clifford!
Brings back the good ol' days for me.
Momma rootin' for me lately know I'm runnin' to the money ..
Ur life is boring thats y ur always on my page..
My dad just called me a badass because I told him that I have good grades.
Then I told him that I partied and we smoked cigars at sunrise.
See on youtube!
Don't Ask Me Nothing If You Not Ready To Hear A True Answer...
Hey Unlike you, Zweifel received a tryout.
It was in all the papers.
yep they wud of let u lol
Looking for suggestions for a high quality, mindless book to kill time on a 17 hour
I couldn't be more proud of my favorite morning show talking about gay marriage and the need to stop judging people for it!
daniel i missed u , do iu wanna b my boyfren?
devastating  great feed : Carpathia We have reached Titanic's location but the ship is gone.
How could this have happened?
Is there a difference between a measurable goal and one that is evidencebased?
I agree as well.
Y hasn't lavy's decisions been question?
I.e.
Playing wellwood 6 mins in game 4?
congrats Houston Young Lawyers for state recognition of the great speed mentoring events at local law schools!
Thank for YOUR great work Emily!
I appreciate your kindness!
hahaaa!
From afar!
In French ..
Worst class of the day .
We are live with an update on her condition at 6:17
Still sleepy!!!!
Lol
make sure to catch at club nokia feburary 2, and follow them on twitter!
Me too!
That and Big Audio Dynamite's Rush.

I went to El Dorado last weekend  all I could think was HOW MUCH I MISS YOU TWO!
I hate the new updated app for twitter .
It'll all be alright.
I'm confident in the future.
libraryschooltip  Don't look at your grades for another class right before the midterm in a different class.
except w/ me because we're getting civil unioned
Love there's so many things I've got to tell you.
But I'm afraid I don't know how because there's a possibility that you'll look at me dif.
With potential to add a 5th with a Purdue win!
Tweeds on sale, buy one get one free!
Really looking forward to summer!
Waka Waka by came on my Pandora and it reminds me of being at the lake!
same here.
way up in the air.
where is a nap when we need one!?
lol
Things I have learned from ows  Apparently freedom looks a lot like a Phish tailgate party.
Thanks for coming out to kickball night at Busby's!
Hope everyone enjoyed their 1 doctornks!
im going to sleep bye.
Because of the vacuum
Why haven't we hooked up yet?
Your famous, I'm famous, it seems like a win win.
Have your person call my entourage.
Y is it so hard for ppl to be honest?
Markland Hanley obtained summary judgment for its clients in multimillion dollar products liability case
Twitcam De No One Text Me I'm Watching Regulo :D
Got my radio voice on and ready to record a couple of shows!
Bout to go to my game
Back to Cassville!
I'm going to bring back corduroy pants
Guys, follow this awesome account  !!
She need 12 followers to 4,5 :
So few come and don't go.
Will you or won't you be the one I'll always know?
Sean Hannity is becoming an embarassment to conservatives!
you would have a lot of problems that's for sure.
Ops  big rightwing tantrum on the way RT President Obama Compares Republicans To Flat Earth Society Founding Members
we need to figure out this new years ish
In The Future people in America will be able to live their lives the same as we do everyday.
Observations on ows in usq 1.
There is no danger of this rally not being documented.
Cameras abound.
The 99 prefer Nokia.
That wasn't me :p
There are only 4 out of 435 congressmen who opposed the bill that makes free speech a felon.
3 republicans and 1 democrat.
We are in hotoffthepresses nonfiction book American Wasteland by Jonathan Bloom, a comprehensive study of US food waste p.
567!!!
does your info work again tonight online to watch the game
LONDON STUFF IS AWESOME BY JELLO
Save yourself some scratch and plan to lend a hand on your remodel
lmao I know.
Got sunburned just on one spot on my leg...
Hm
Journey to careers is the most pointless class ever.
We do nothing.
RT go follow
Glad to read it was a train that caused your nonyoga night.
Was worried about you.
:
Single plastic rose wit da lite n it, flip flops wit the flowers on em, a rusty hooptie wit rims, an outfit from 7days
That's just how I live my life
lol yes ATL in August  living in a used gym sock, but it is better than shoveling snow!
bombs, I yell ya.
doctorpped BOMBS.
Show on wednesday.
Nervous much?
gosh I love you
If you don't have access and would like to read, DM me.
Q1 Because its so easy and cheap to selfpublish, are local history rooms getting more donations of family history books?
Just tried to pay at Jimmy Johns with my library card.
Whoops.
hahaha RT : Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family.
Doctor: No, the problem is no one runs in your family.
Less than 7 hours and I'll be walking the stage again
Hi Robert!
Our redesign will be complete this June!
Hope you will come see the new Roger :
Watching WWE friday night smackdown!
Thats how board i am right now...
;p
Kmamusic.com.
The hottest studio in NYC
: back in Vancouver I was there for one night : not cool did u have fun keep in touch or add me on facebook
that's actually a huge bad beat for you
Love it when I get to not only design but CREATE for clients and feel I'm helping a great cause
ok.....
Based on your Foxy reference...
I must introduce you to you new best friend!
You two will live each other
lolzzzz I feel u..u preaching to the choir lmao
Stamped Concrete Patios Rome Ga Canton Ga Cumming Ga Many Patterns Best Patios www.ConcreteGeorgia.com
Of course, now that I say that it's working fine.
Talk is cheap and faith without works is DEAD.
So put your mouth on mute and go get it.
Avodado and spinach are favorites.
Thanks for saving me from Brussels!
hows everyone and College life lol
you're just partial : miss u back!
Going to League for Innovations on Mon?
president is sharing data on open textbooks and comm colleges.
Obama's the won we've been weighting four
This doctorvers ed summer program has really messed up my work  acting camp schedule :
We love music!
almost time to head to school.
i'm looking forward to a nap after school :
The truth is often both funny and sad.
Horribly, horribly sad.
just realized that im a horrible texter.
I kno sum of my followers b lookin like wtf when they c me tweetin but i aint respond to their text
And you KNOW I scanned those pages as a safeguard in case the proverbial dog eats them or some other disaster befalls.
Need DJ Emails, New Single!
The childoctorn we work with everyday that come from unbelievable stories and backgrounds...you inspire us.
I seriously keep pounding on the ceiling they won't shut up lol
You should be thankful you didn't stick to the 10 bet you originally had, lol.

Beacause, Im Not The Kind Of Girl, Boys Fall In Love With..
Maybe bacteria are really sexy creatures but we just don't have the technology to see that yet.
/via
well thin im older then her by 4 months alright thanks:
Wow, what a finish this has turned out to be.
Personal examples?
If sleep is so important...why the hell we wake up so early just to go to school.
.
Another Ch.
13 Question  Jails are usually intended to hold adults, but sometimes juveniles, sentenced for how long?
Really gearing up to hopefully hit 400 followers real soon...well...actually 100 followers and 300 pornbots.
In the final stages of beta testing our new website.
Major thanks to the awesome ladies at for making us look cool!
It's a long race.
Good luck on your finals today!
what act did you see and what happened?
we do not like to hear that our customers are unhappy!!
Headed to Oklahoma to the outdoor show
On the air.
Feeling cranky!
Like crank it up!!!
Always laugh, its cheaper than medicine:
If Don had stayed w/ doctor Faye Miller, Cara Buono would have a very different career right now.
Existentialism: It's what I think about whenever I have major assignments due within two days...
hey ;p
Just did an all nighter!!
Stayed up talking to so tired but to late to go to bed!
I'll be in Bulgaria in 10 days...
off to vegas soon..
whoot whoot.
thy jut made my day.
I got it with Cranberry now at this Blasfome event
Full circle.
would yall like to see ja rule to bad boy with diddy?
mindblown.
Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image.
Not that im even racist or anything but how are you not gonna like your own race?
Ok, now we can all tweet and retweet that Steve Jobs has resigned for the next week.
Just had an amazing postclass discussion with several students who cared more about exploring ideas than beginning the weekend.
I'm following the next 10 who follows !!
I didn't know that u had a show account until now!
I followed it!
:
Harris I think the media including Fox has done everything possible to frame the choice for president with the coverage.
: The Aries penis is a battering ram that breaks down the willpower of any women.
I wish I could skip all this highschool bullshit  get the hell out of here.
Just go on roadtrips  go to concerts for the rest of my life.
you're freaking cute.
You should follow me back!
Please?
Come on you can resist!!
I said please lol.;
Singing I got I got I got I got your back...
AD Lol
Damn.
Artest just breathes on the ball and they boo.
thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC, We never extra for nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
I need some nonangst fan fic recommendations to get me through the next few days.
aww you look so pretty!
do I get to see you at DMB ?!?!?
Oh and I guess it woul be nice to see too!
Jae...thanks for joining us!
Lunch with my rents.
Not akward at all.
Someone is running late so we can't hand out media passes.
No names.
Happy Friday Everyone!
Remember, tomorrow at 8:00 we start at the
Enjoying the company bowling outing!
Really people?
How hard is it to follow directions?
Who needs a layout?
hit us up for a fresh new layout for real cheap.
Check out our page for a sample.
About to watch a run of LetX.
The totally sweet part?
Every director from this season is in the room.
What a kick ass group.
InTime Premiere!
Please RT!
check this out i am bored of this
how was it?
Better than Jonah Hex?
Gotta to project for school pretty easy
RT : Our new weekly series, Toward a CancerFree World, starts today on news!
Look for segments at noon, 5, and 6.
: shoutout to the guy who broke adeles heart....GENIUS !!!!
Haven't watched.
Saw Avengers again
Neon tonight?
You never call me when you're sobeeeeerrrr!
You only want it 'cause it's oveeeerrr!
92 who publish content acquire customers from blog
hey wuz up?
Dinner on stage tomorrow night surrounded by the set of Barber of Seville while serenaded by an opera singer.
I'm watching some youtube videos of the bowling coach I had as a youth , PBA Legend Don Johnson.
Post a pic for us.
RT : sounds good to me!
First stop doctorappt....
Brainstormed innovative technology with at NUideation, now for the patents...
Thanks for coming!
thanks to My Fair Lady...
Haha
Great job Mavericks
wanting to watch austin's early friday ustream but you can't cause you're still in school when he goes on.
LOVING this!
Right ?
Happiness is a direction, not a destination.
Unknown
today is my Lazy Day .
Alrighty, before you unfollow me, message me so I'm not following your ass either.
good luck girl!!
The Mega Powers and Macho Man will always be here in spirit!
RIP Big Guy!
Oh yeeeeeeaaaaahhhh!
R.I.P Mbone
been blessed!
need to get to 300 followers help me please
Came Wake signed an extension, Dolphins through 2016.
Hell yeah
Folks just want to live...
Going away for a few!!!!
Chernobyl diaries looks so sick.
Can't wait to go see that
NBP, Ria Financial services enter into agreement  Business Recorder
chew me up!
At Kajaaa House!!!
EXACTLY.
rays of hope
Should i change my bio?
i feel like i'm showing off :
I need to make money fast.
Listen To My Hott  New Record One Wish  www.Troublesumworld.com 
you looking to get hitched pumpkin?
Yes, it looks blank to me except for your name  blank frame   : Are you both fighting it still?
Status Update: Irish Pub softball got buttkicked tonight ouch!!!
Oh well, Specials till close 1 PBR, 5 TALL captainin  2 Miller bottles
Niggas so sensitive on twitter put the panties away .
If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got.
Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
Romans 12:12...Patience without faith is wishful thinking...
Pads always add emotion to a track.
buffalo wings
primaryschoolconfessions I swear we played dinosaurs on the playground nearly every day..
Thats sad..
Lol
Check back here in ten minutes!!
:D
wow RT : Might as well these other niggas ain't on shit
Watching Nas behind the music
Thanks for RT, Bill.
:
this time I'm Delta, they've never let me down before.
LOVE Virgin Atlantic too.
With watching in Stealing the Show!
It's liquid people!
I look forward to the day I can put my snow pants away for the season.
Today will not be it.
right on bruh check ya mail in 5
That earthquake felt strong!
3.9 near Berkeley.
wonders if approval for methyl iodide is being rushed so fullscale commercial use can be achieved while Arysta LifeScience holds the patent
Feels good outside today!!!
cool!
I'll send an email mañana w/ the RSVP link.
They say music can alter moods and talk to you...
Our Thursday SPECIAL at Acme!
Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off!
We will fill you up!
Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
I want them both!
:D
B sure to like Jake Dillon Fan Page on FB or sign up for mailing list at www.jakedillon .com to stay up to date on al upcoming events
That awkward moment when you find out eric can actually sing...
Read your blog re: Zooniverse.
Have you done any programs in your library related to it or other citizen science?
dude.
cult logic of born of roo.
Xmas, bday, new year, best concert and favorite hangout all wrapped in one.
Keeps us alive
I'm so tired!
YouGettinPunchedIf or hell, you gone die if i catch u stealing out my house bitch!
lmao haha
t's time to let you go, It's time to say goodbye Boy, you need to know, I'm done with you messing with my mind  Didn't Meant It
Follow back ??
smx The critical marketing indeed heretofore 10.9 effective rocket science facebook yea.
This girl should work for NASA!
RT : Why are people cheering and booing during the National Anthem?
NFCChampionship
Too funny, I just saw this and didn't know if you saw it so I just mentioned you , no prob!
Thx for your contribution!
Thanks for the retweet!
The Bible mentions joy 218 times.
Psalm 19:8 The precepts of the Lord are right, giving joy to the heart.
Know God...to know joy!
I agree completely!
Let me know :
: I Hate Ugly Bitches
You're the one who got me started on these yummy things!
RT : Spinach smoothie breakfast FTW!!
Have a Great day!
: NopeRT Ever made love to the women of your doctorams ?
you Wanna ?
Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships ;
those are gifts from heaven lol
Goodnight People......
thank you, love!
OMG to much candy feel sick ugggg :P
Think of this as the calm before the storm
Nope, you cant guess, when you find what I'm referring to you will get it.
Good try though.
I'm gonna punch this little fat reff in the face one day.
actually 2 more:
I'm proud of how productive I am being today!!
Starships, are meant to fly.
and the weirdest subway stop name in New York goes to...doctormisterll.........
Hoyt Schermerhorn
Last morning with the winsmall mini.
Had a fun weekend doctorving all over ROC, but today it goes back to
I wanna meet new peoplee
is up next!
talking about personal branding.
way to spell crimson wrong
I'm so jealous!!!
I'm our of town!
Of course 
I really enjoy the Slaughterhouse Tour episodes
Milwaukee....here we come....
The sky is the limit
to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco as a writein , with 16 candidates on the ballet and 7 writeins
i wish you'd come to boston and let me entertain you and take your mind off all the wstruggles!
At the Northgate mall waiting for The Avengers in IMAX 3D!
Are you serious?:
Michael Jackson Is The King Of Pop!
3 HEAR IT, LEARN IT, LIVE IT.
A friend said.
Beautiful people should never sit with their back to the door.
Instead face front.
Let the world see your best asset.
RT In rankings released so far, UKbaseball stays No.
2 in and moves to No.
3 in the USA Today/ESPN Coaches' Poll.
I think this bitch really has a staring problem in here.
Thanks crawler for getting me out of bed at 6am on a Sunday.
Did you finally find someone to make that cake for you?
you need to find a date for cbj games too!
I have to do a timeline project in the shape of a roller coaster.
I wanna name it The Roller Coaster of Life should I do it?!
Haha:
I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner?
Have cut back on my gluten.
I'm now down to glufive.
Glugoal of gluthree.
Happy Birthday!
icant send messages to users who dont follow me..that should be saying something..lol
lols story of my life.
Doc is ridiculous, he has ear plugs on so he doesn't listen to us 
Congrats for booking a RomCom feature for Sony!
Have fun shooting in Alabama!
my friend's aunt and uncle ARE yo la tengo.
Fun fact haha
NO MORE tv commercial w/snivelling bitches PLEASE
like seriously i'm ready to go outside and throw my laptop at whoever it is
lol u say sweet cheeks too thought was just moi x
Keep on tweeting , your game is better the more you tweet
Let's get this shit done!
Tighten that D
So good we're back tonight : Good older crowd.
: it..Must be good.
m thankyou babe for the awesome mini pizzas on English muffins!!
I think that's just a joke about it being 2012?
At least I hope so.
Glad to have an evening to sit around and veg!
Morning y'all!!!
online and
Finding out news you didnt expect and realizing it bothers you more then it should
Sue, what do you recommend I devour when I am stuck at your airport for 8 hours?
If I could change my name it would be to Larry Gary......
It's been a long sunday.
But you certainly can't call it lazy.
AllyOp
I am a presistant enterpreneur and have an amazing idea!
How can I get it off the ground?I need a partner or a investor
I'm raring to go after a few days being down  out with a yucky cold.
Time to burn off some energy at the gym.
After work that is!
Lakers/Nuggets playoff may require me to break out the alcohol, lol, on a Sunday!
Just kidding, well, maybe....
Just met triplets, that was fucking weird

It is so hard for me to believe any of you are listening to me or are really my friends because I rarely feel worth of either.
look at the Meck precinct map comapred to the McCrory/Perdue map from 08.
I'd say that breaks the D against/R for stereotype
Can't wait until WI's concealed carry law takes effect in Nov.
Congrats to  legislature on signing of legislation yesterday!
it sucks here...
dont do it.
lol
3 sneezes in a row!
Means someone is thinking of me : I'm stuffy, doctorppy, and doctor eyed.
It's Friday  it's Happy Hour!
What other excuse do you need?
Come to in for 2.75 Coronas  Corona Lts 36pm!
I hope I go to work tomorrow.
I'm broke af.
lol where did you see then on helium?
Enjoyed Lola by The Kinks on Pandora
nm only today was awkward in so many levels
LOL.
So far, you're good.
;
at w/ for Club Liquid !
FREE COVER ages 21
I can do it.
:p
how about Miami and you could open a store here!
I have not had two many issues, I use the BF Goodoctorch ATs and they seem to keep their shape pretty good.
thanks for the heads up.
Trying to figure out why the site is down.
:
It's a man's business to be what he is, and to be it in style.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Be good or be good at it.
Hey Rex , thanks for following , needless to say sideways is on my short list of fav movies , I am a fan :
I can agree with that.
I have had a strong aversion to buzzwords of late.
big data, data scientists, and data journalists
I had no idea you couldnt enter or exit a moving train!
Wow!
Not digging the new US kits...
Long day.
Two hour meeting tomorrow morning.
Night Night
If you have someones trust don't lose it, if you have someones love don't abuse it.
Love you : glad you're having a good time.
Finally gave in and bought 's Master Collection last week during their sale.
Just received it and can't wait to dive in.
One mans trash is another mans furniture
one of my favorite singers!
Jared
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what others say cannot be done.
Randy Foutch
Eating 11 pounds of apples will make you gain only 1 pound of weight
Glad to hear that.
Enjoy a few for me :
Follow back :
Call Brown  Jones Court Reporting when you need certified realtime court reporters and certified inhouse videographers.
High octane my ass hahahahaha
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours.
Alex Tanney Turns Down The Pittsburgh Steelers For The Buffalo Bills  Buffalo Low Down
Thanks, but I plan on voting at
And i'll go down as a casualty of love
No.
Boys want ponies.
But I am sexist.
So I would only give one to a girl.
Y'all have enough builtin privilege.
you at her house?
Money's the leash doctorg a bitch by the dog collar !
Aw, cute!
My girls are always pretending to be babies of various kinds, but so far not fool treasures.
hahah!
the nun one was funny af!
One day I'll hit 21K, and not even notice.
Watch.
I talk a lot, anyway.
America leads and we need to lead on this; dependence on oil is costing lives
Capuano with a great performance tonight.
9K, 0 runs allowed.
Lindblom from the bullpen now pitching for the
if u would travel 2 a country where would u travel?????
is awesome!
Thanks for the follow.
We would love to have you at our Beer and Food event at Jack London Square on April 2nd
I have the house to myself tonight.
No Roommate.
I have no idea what to do with myself.
The one thing u should never tell ur parents is i hate u cuz u could lose them the next day without sayin' i love u
Im not even going go further lol
your crazy!!!
What type of shoes are they?!
If only the Redskins could get the same hometown calls the Heat get they would be 80 at home.
NBA refs are so corrupt.
Let's give him what he deserves and what Justin Birber does not deserve to have
Beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
Benjamin Franklin
Working at the hell hole lol
those two are definitely past their use or freeze by date.
The Central Mass Over40 Baseball League is hosting their 6th annual Fall Classic regional tourney 9/2325.
Twelve teams so far...
yay!
We can't wait...we were at the patio yesterday...it's amazing!!
Why Aint It Selling?
A homeowner puts his home on the market.
It sits there for months without moving.
Then, he begins to question the w
Well, less about a speed race and more that one kid takes a stumble over a track joint and gets tossed off the train.
An enormous THANK YOU to and his staff for meeting with Program students yesterday!
Tuesday night is gay night
Just ordered poached eggs at IHOP only to get full on eggs benedict.
Nice boys, but top chef they ain't.
Why hasn't Bart Houston signed yet?
is there a distinction between jaw and neck and if so, what qualities do they posses?
I seriously agree.
What is going on.
I dislike being surprised and confused every time I open Facebook
Though to 's credit, my request to unblock SMTP was handled surprisingly fast  so at the end of the day I'm a happy customer.
Awesome!!
got a twitter.
Big fan.
I preapologize for whatever awkward tweets follow this one.
Another GREAT session doc.
Let's wreck shop again tomorrow and build that catalog.
I'm already lost.
SWEET!
when i get my phone back i'll call you!
Why am I awake so early?
I didn't even sleep until like 4am last night!
Today is gonna suck
yeah you never mentioned it and you never gave it to me so por eso tambien tenemos tanto tiempo sin hablar!
yeah everyone misses you
you didn't follow me..
Testing out friendstream.
Glad all is going well!!
At least someone else is excited...
follow us so we can D.M.
you.
Can you make a Positive impact on someone today?
but aren't we best friends...?
What bridge, not an interstate I hope?
Congrats Jason Carey!
Thanks so much!
Congratulations to Megan Lyman: NEC Student Named Miss New Hampshire 2012  NEC News amp; Events
what a loser
My couch, a pickle, and Netflix!
Chris Bieber.
I thought this was about chris brown and justin.
but it's just some asshole who thinks he's justin's lookalike.
She gets love.
Just not from me.
:p
ask me tonight lol
Very productive meeting with FX make up artist in NYC today!
RT :Weve got to do a better job training people in the skills that more employers are looking for.
President Obama
Getting your tweets in Connect but not in the timeline...Having trouble sending this message...
Ice Cube's board room standoff against a bucket of Coors Light, decidedly NOT gangsta, street, or hood.
Taking the day off to enjoy my lovely wife and adorable little one.
I looked at this, but I'm not sure I understand what you need.
The sun is angry.
perception and value of maritime heritage...
UNC coastal studies...
Relationships unclear to community today.
How do they value?
Haha that's awesome.
I'm heading out for a practice session today and am gonna see if I can jump on a team for a local series
I really wish I enjoyed orange juice, I need the vitaminC to help me feel better, but it does not taste good at all :
Well, that seriously put me in a good mood right now :3
not that I really rank them, but Mike Adams may have become my favorite exPadoctor today.
No scuffle needed.
WHY DOES EVERYONE THINK IM SMALL LMAO
How can a cartoon avi be so damn sexy lol
Just surpassed 50,000 hits on my blog, for what that's worth.
It's not love or even chocolate, but it does feel good.
With listening to the SOTU2012 about edoctorform and civilrights.
The US ed system needs a change.
Our students deserve it!
Happy Easter!
Because he lives I can face tomorrow!
After 7 years, 5 macs: 1st unrecoverable corrupt volume.
Any bets whether reformat works?
mactragedy
XenBoards are down  just FYI.
Im about to go ham brahh.
V.
Gray: other cities should envy us because we 1.1B in the bank.
SO WHY ARE WE CUTTING SCHOOL FUNDING?!?!?
I Wanna Smash Some Candy Tho.
RT : Live for today and not tomorrow
No more migraines!
Are you stressed?
Finally watching The Avengers with !
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS!!
TeamFollowBack  TFB  500aday  100aday  iFollowBack  MarchWish 
what's up my man.
At Queens Cafe in Adams Morgan and they said we should network.
We really need selfcleaning  selfsanitizing bottles...would make bottling day so much nicer!
Evan Schnittman: A device alone, an OS alone, a bunch of ebooks alone don't make a successful product.
you need all three.
Commit your way to the Lord; trust in him, and he will act.
I'm forever in debt to for showing me Hammers and Strings.
I actually wanna redo all Of yesterday
They do anything to get a camera in front of them.
try it with milk : I use mine to make mochas.
Lots of work but the end result tastes just like the pros.
My default stance on child rearing has quickly become I don't negotiate with terrorists.
Realize who's in charge, people.
Lord give me strength!
Ready to get this over with so bad!!!!
Ugh.
I told myself I would do homework early today, but I'm still on it now.
Why does this always happen.
Rev.
Huckabee, you play with Ted Nugent, you ever read the lyrics to Cat Scratch Fever?: I make the pussy purr with The stroke of my hand
's HangLoose Fundoctoriser Showcase is set for May 25th at Cairo Bar in West Chicago!
All acts interested email
Thanks for sharing all you do with the Marquette community.
Your story of hope is inspiring!
I'm in love with a fairytale...
Cause I don't care if I lose my mind, I'm already cursed.
I think this video bout to go in
i never said tht u didnt tweet
what's your major??
But my birthday is in 3 weeks from today.
Bragging Is Only Cool When No One Cares....
GetIt?
Happy birthday beautiful lady.....
why bother you won't need it in the future
I am really excited at the prospect of doctornking coffee.
My Mom 
in between jakes is happening, we need to contact NBC
Me: I want ice cream!
Kaitlyn: Qwell i wanted a phone but didnt get one so you cant have ice cream!
Capi: I smell fudge!
Ha
Who is the scheduling master?
I am the scheduling master.
Oregon's helmets
okay bro give me 30 mins to finish my project.
It's the same as my twitter name!
LAST DAY!
Don't miss out on a blessing just because it's not packaged the way you expected.
I'm turning into a composer fan girl.
Michael Giacchino is a god.
I think the bad weather and tornado threats are going to ground us today...see you all tomorrow hopefully...Happy Jack
what is your favorite quote of all time?
Just chill for bit, maybe have some hot tea w/lemon..
No traffic for my Friday doctorve!
listening
Aw sis!
Have a beautiful morning!
love you to the moon and back baby3 should of tried harder to keep you
i hate being sicc
Ron Paul has doctorpped out of the race ....
Does this mean I will stop seeing 25 Ron Paul supporters outside of the mall every Saturday ...??
S/O to Lil skitzz from the Citi Team I see you doing ya thing we will be out that way soon
Easily the most crazy and exciting in the last 30 years!!
can't wait to go!!

i mostly talking a bunch of 3XL doctor fit shirts/tshirts and a few shorts maybe
...and that's why you're so dope!
She's letting karma do it's job 
Good come to NY and work for me!!!!
no I work till Wednesday
FF Thanks for your   dedication!
Appreciate the support!
Love Barbie  Ken?
See an exhibit dedicated to this famous couple: Read Now www.southfloridaalerts.com
RT : The way it should be, Cuz.
blessed
We're gonna skate to one song.
And one song only!!!
Such a beautiful day.
Couldn't think of a better way to spend it!
RT : Poolside with First sesh of the season.
thanks sis, love ya 2!
:o
I love watching
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Everyone with my sister a happy birthday!!!!
u!
Welcome to Indy GMEN!
Beat the Pats for all Colts fans.
really doe
yes I do have assigned seats.
Prob today was I let some kids change theirs and the class devolved from there.
I guess I'll order more supplies I need for my earrings.
pull the trigger
not sure what you're casting, but we should discuss this over some korean food.
just got off school
asecs12 Pellicer noting sacral depiction of Anne, declaring peace by fiat in Windsor Forest eg, undercut by Act of Settlement.
: Which house?
The one on Shirley?
Cardinals Nation, baby.
it's on!
: can we mind meld sometime after sxswi?
I'm looking for a freelance web designer to do some work for me on a parttime basis.
Don't worry!
Not even snowmageddon can close the library!
lizziville if I had the money I'd split it with ya!BOeK2
shut up
Movie or game night tonight?
I think so.
Relaxing is my new favorite thing to do.
Uggh going to work after a 6 day weekend...
good thing I took off Friday too or I'm not sure how I'd handle myself.
Thank you and Lobo for the RT's!!
:
Win  RT : I'd have to be CGI.
RT Question for the followers: what actor/actress would play you in a movie?
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
thanks for getting back to us Mandy!!
I'm sure Kurt Warner and Arizona's offensive line respects it!
LOL
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
Benson iwca: so binary of virtual v.
real erased.
Me: yes, we are all cyborgs now.
If twin females marry twin males, and they both have a child, will both childoctorn look the exact same?
OMG SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING, PLAY IT AGAIN.
I NEED THIS ON MY IPOD ALREADY.
Lmfao bet I get my baby.
You're a horrible baby mama and everyone knows it!
Heat needs to step it up!
I haven't but I'll check it out!
Thanks for thinking of me!
WW2era poster: Please do not disturb  Sabotage is a war offense  These bees are a vital unit in national defense.
We pulled facebook data, pushed to salesforce, created a crosschannel segment, and pushed to mailchimp within hours.
It is very doable.
I totally binged last night :
aye did your mom get the ipod out from the office already?:
Clearly Matt, you are not a tea doctornker.
I hope your ok if you don't tweet today then we will see if you show up on Raw I'm sure your ok your probally just busy
En route to BAFTA this evening for a screening of a TV Pilot I composed the music  score for  excited !
You never change oh God
thanx for stopping in!
RT :  Shocked at this news report tonight  hope that women understand the importance of YEARLY mammograms.
Two things I never thought would happen: 1 I got an A in Math!....
2 I'm excited about getting an A in Math!
r u proud?
Finally had to.
Lovely greenery.
Lots o pollen.
What are you up to today?
Wait...
they're saying it's going to get up to 110 today?
Who are you and what have you done with Portland?!
Such a bummer!
I immediately thought to switch to ATT but didn't know they had ended those plans for new customers also.
:/
homemade authentic italian meatballs are simmering on stove.
off to do an insanity workout.
the meal will negate it, but that's the point.
I assume u mean Weeden?
Still wiping the doctorol from Cleveland media off my screen.
Lol.
FF brand marketing pros helping businesses grow
Being doctornk
Warning got phished,, and is sending out links that'll get your acct.
phished too.
Hope they get that fixed for their sake.
Be Happy For This Moment.....
This Moment is Your Life 3
the RT from e2conf on keynote was well earned, sir.
Good work Mark
2 As both male and female, and they are blessed, but when their nature was called Adam,
I friggin love
te fight tht exploded for real
pretty much just wait...
I was checking like literally every 5 min...
But I did it kinda late...
What are you wearing to our white out birthday party at tonight?
RT Attention all House music lovers!
Follow this link to buy tickets to see me perform at the official EDC After...
ht...
BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad!
Love it!
Follow?!X10
Our gym is within a block of a 24hour Pancake house, 24hour coffee shop, and 24hour Subway  Location, location, location
Absolutely!
When?
MIKEY AND THOMAS ARE SO CUTE!!!
Just complimented Judge Susan Carbon on her delightfully nonWashingtonbureaucrat wardoctorbe selections.
lame resident had to tell cops they didn't want him on porch.
Edinburgh was awesome!!
Next trip nicole scherzinger at manchester!!!!!
i love you so much!
lik legit!
its crazy!
please come to nyc so maybe we could hang out?
it would complete my life 3
going for a walk with Jenni and the kids!
You in AZ?
Good morning everyone!
What's on your agenda today?
I hate waiting on people
Happy Wednesday all!
We wish you a great and successful day.
just a little bit...
Tired but I'm off tomorrow so I'm swag.
That is awesome!
too mnay followers are not following back  goodbye nonfollowers.
American Airlines saved 40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.
Right I loved how they whooped the Brewers at the Sunday game.
There's hope!
Good luck with it.
I hope to see you there.
L.A.
friends, flip your TV on to KTLA 5 tomorrow morning beginning at 5:42 am for an inside look at the Fender factory in Corona!
A new hair do can really change the personality
Fences serve several purposes for your home
Give people what they want.
Then offer them what they need.
unless we get the 1, we're taking a wing.
bank on it.
Happy Valentine's Day to you.
I don't know why I am telling you this.
OMG I have been like obsessed with them for months haha.
I Have been really good, thanks.
What about you?
feeling restless.
great we've recorded your pars
awe I love you kristen3 :
hey Natalie Julianna wants you to have a concert tomorrow!!
Where is the biggest big screen?
Which restaurant?
Weekend day doctornking in the sun is my new hobby :p
Now I'm regretting dying my hair .
yep!
Well galveston county area.
Cartoon  Cereal.
Thanks for RT.
See you Thursday.
Shoot it.
Shoot the J.
Just did my thing in the Gym...Ran for and hour,Hooped and 2 hours liftin and im still not tired
Thanks for the props!
Over 200 dollars.
Well, schucks, thanks guys.
Starting with a little GoGo c'mon Chuck Brown!!
sleeping in the n00d is always the best.
It is almost cake time ..
yummy :
Er.
Frank asked a good not god question.
HT
BocceFest2012 at was incredible  big thanks to and , you both rock!
Love you, !
Most/all of my doctoramhost Wordpress sites have been hacked the past few months, one hacked 2x.
Losing confidence in DH.
done!
I'll leave a key in the mailbox.
I have never been more excited about showering and brushing my teeth in my life.
Grad bash over!
Goodnight.!!!
yes!
I just select it and hit go and it does the rest!
I can even design my own and it'll stitch them.
:
Us either!
RT Can't wait!
RT : 2012 JazzInThePark lineup just announced!
Summer's just around the corner!
it shouldnt have been standing there
The Democrats and Republicans split the Orlando City Council races, two for each.
No runoff election in those races.
I like flying.
With Great training and producing session today.
hahahah ah right!
;
i don't know what to tweet to get you to follow me :
I really wanted to watch the 'Shipwreck gets amnesia' ep again and the Serpentor arc.
2 teach color theory have students sort instead of paint tints, tones,etc
YES!
RT : When I first moved to NY, I bought Vogue instead of dinner.
I just felt it fed me more.
Carrie Bradshaw SATC
Hernandez and Welker will need to step up here..
What a great night!
Pierre is only 33
Be thankful if not this time,maybe next time.Don't feel down and out.There is something better waiting for you.You will succeed.
Phil 4:6 Be anxious for nothing,but in everything by prayer  supplication,w/thanksgiving,let your requests be made known to God;
We have NO business attacking Iran.
You warmongers are NUTS  frightening.
We have enough problems  debt already.
Don't need another war.
Just thought of something great.
I am going to name my first born son Pentium, Idk...
I guess it just sounds cool.
Just thought of that.
God in heaven tebow on earth
I see.
Good luck with your deadline.
Keeping my fingers crossed for you!
I'm sure it will be amazing!
today you turn one year older
Brownies  milk m...
yummy for my tummy!!
Happy mothers day to all my mama friends!
If the person you love hasn't let God into their heart...then they haven't let you in either.
Teaching someone else how to code reminds you how far u've come in your craft and how very far you have to go.
To be eligible for either exemptions, seniors must have been born prior to or in the year 1946!
I haven't read it but I've heard of it
09 Buehler Chardonnay.
Huge RRV value.
Stone fruit nose  taste.
Caramel, pineapple, touch of citrus.
Buttery mouthfeel.
90 pts
Oh how I love you too 3  How I miss you so :
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY.
i love u guys so much and i hope ur havingfun today.
:
Sounds like Latte Time!
Happy Wednesday!
RT : ok, slow start today...
coffee came to save me!
At the for LaWare Forum a la the Boston Foundation this AM.
Topic: CommCollege feat Glenn Dubois of VA CCs w/panel discussion
u suck.
Horrible city councilmen
Look at the stars.
Look how they shine for you
I miss being in ur arms /:
under my left tit on my rib area
but I like donuts
Hello good morning
17 days the partee begins Sac Jazz Jubilee!
Music for the masses!
Blues,Swing,Zydeco,Latin,Western Swing,Modern more.Please spread the word
I'm confused about your mug discount today.
It says it applies to my shop but any products that I custom designed don't apply?
:
ima be at work
OMG I'm so happy for you :
I can honestly say I haven't been truly happy since that day...
I wish you were still here
Last 20mile run before race day!
Hard work has a future payoff.
Laziness pays off NOW!
Happy is the man who finds wisdom and understanding for the gain from it is better than gain from silver and professort better than gold.
does!
RT : Does anyone out there integrate HIIT into their running schedule?
Has it made you stronger/faster???
FYI: In all three Godfather films, when you see oranges, there is a death coming up soon.
Interesting!?
Watch  see
The worlds greatest Creeper should follow me.
Tht would be the best Birthday Present EVER!!
: I LOVE YOU!!!!!
3
RIP Whitney Houston,
Seeing JulietAnUnPopular 's ranking descend on Amazon and BarnesNoble.
: If you read it  enjoyed it, please suggest it to your friends!
whatchya up to
Hey Guys!
Sorry I havent been on n forever!
My year has gone good  bad.
Ive lost 1 in.
off my waist  my crush is dating a weird girl.
RT : Can't wait for Gray Chandler Murray to give me my next Style Challenge today!
I 3 the JBDStyleChallenge  Me too!
LETS GO RANGERS!!!
WOO!!
It is wise to model the behavior you expect from others!
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible
wait but I can't choose.
They all are!
Trains that arrive as you arrive , clutch.
So very clutch.
Next stop Soho.
I can record while others shop.
I know.
So much respect for that guy.
Thanks to everyone who came out to sauced last night, you made it great.
The dancing was awesome to.
To next time being half as badass!
Not impressed by how kindle posts a link to my quote instead of the quote itself.
Self serving much there Amazon?
Lmaoo hush!
RT : oh nah i would beat your ass lmao
Can they teach the bullpen to hold a lead?
: Congrats PhilsTeacherAllStars, honored  CBP for positive impact on students!
The River Alliance of Wisconsin is hosting its 5th annual Wild and Scenic Film Festival on Tomorrow at the Barrymore Theatre 7pm
Be careful who you call your friends.
I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
but that's just me.
where are you at?
this is why i hate the bus.
I feel like he is a pedophile...
I'mScurred
Happy Thanksgiving.
:D
perhaps  send info to Marcy at polymathic dot me?
: thanks!
It's amusing to see people follow me after a FollowFriday recommendation, only to unfollow me a day later after they read what I post.
get in touch with thomas adelman he has a movie that you would be perfect in!!
he is a producer in LA
thank you girl!!!
:
no don't do that.
just say follow her cause she's amazing.
no one likes nudes bro.
Just arrived at Club Play to celebrate bday party.
It's still early, pero el party se esta poniendo duro.
Such a good talk with my boy tonight.
:D
When you pay for followers, likes, and plays...people know, don't think they don't.
Gimme date and I'm there!
A lot of hidden gems in the cities!
Me: I need a new doctorss for the semi formal.
Hubby: Its in Minnesota  they wont know if you wear an old one.
sigh He doesnt get it
About to have a lesson with I AM SO BLESSED!
ayoo this fruit salad is the shitttt 
last years headline on this years story ?
lovinnnn your twitter professorle picture

If Messi would only play as hard for Barca as he does for Argentina
Just touched down in Pomona!
I'm  'Nastie Garage'!
A HONDA Performance Shop!
Preparing to put my Civic thru transformation!
It's on!
;
Did she write 'Cat's Eye'.
That was such an amazing depiction of girls' friendships.
there is so much to say on the spirit and truth phrase.
Listening to His Spirit and Truth is merely the beginning
Jesus loves you, but Zeus thinks you're stupid.
if big blue madness is oct.
12, we are only six months away
Ooh yeah...
Cabbage...
Red pepper...
Add some bulgogi...
Sexy time!
:p
that means the world.
trust me.
hey Tomorrow's instore has been postponed due to illness.
We are working on a new date soon.
im hungey iscellsss....mommy need to hurry up wit dis food....
haha...brings to mind a few enterprise architects I've worked with...
: Just filled out my ballot for AlphaActionThank you for your support and vote good brother!
06!
preaching to the choir.
dying at these childoctorn struggling with real dance choreography 
Obama logic: Increased Oil supply won't lower price  but unplugging phone charger will lower global temperature.
US State Dept says,we fail to get the best results because MANY women lack the access they need to land, seeds, water, credit and markets
DON'T BE A SUCKER!
Motivate  If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
Great start and strong finish for Stricker Keep it up man win this thing!!!!
RT Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Descartes
I'm still weeping over that result.
CANADA, what.
Stacy at FPP Harlem just subscribed to Letters in the Mail.
Can't wait for the first letter!
I think so.
It's for the nieces and nephews.
I'm over at my Sis's house right now, sponging her DSL, so I can't confirm that.
I know at least 3 ppl who said that to me today
listening to right threw me .
, im loving it :D
Thanks to everyone getting petitions signed today!
I'll give you the one I was saving for the hoarse rooster.
RT Toss me one too, please!
Nasty indeed.
Congrats on your homework!

Make sure you get your copy of our first live tour DVD!!
UpAllNightDVD definitely will x
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
I love the concept of wishfrog.
Keep it simple!
Maybe do a social login to link my wish frog account with my Twitter or Facebook?
We've had some lastminute cancellations for tonight's meetup, so if you're in the area, swing on by around 7!
TwSIG Can encourage different points of view.
Students can feel heard and seen.
Can continue the conversation after class.
Benefits of soc
I am wrapping up a book from Solaris for a review and yours is next in cue :.
Looking forward to it!
great work!
just read teaming up on the real deal
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Mark Twain
I don't even know how Reggie Evans hustles so hard but he's playing out of his mind in this series
Get on your knees and ask God for forgiveness cause all that dick ain't gonna save you TakeMyAdviceForOnceBitch :
Time for New York, New York.
3
I'd bid on that!
lmao.
Yup headed out right now.
Staying out all weekend.
Maybe 8 dives.
You?
'tis the season to be
Colleen: I missed you at the Santa Clara alumni event Monday  we'll have to do another one soon!
Hi Jessie!
I have two followers  woo hoo
My nose is cold and I ate all of my desk snacks.
Other than that, all is well.
: Zukes?
Yum, love the salmon!
Thought I sniffed something...
was just heading to bed!
many thanks, Jax!
speaking of being laid?!?!?
Go to church that morning and get fucked up that evening
8 straight hours of broadcasting today...I'm a little tired.
Hey Jeter nice haircut.
Going for the corky look?
Game7 best game ever?
Exciting, yes.
But did you watch the first half?
Definitely not the best game ever...
If you reserve the right not to vote, politicians will reserve the right not to listen to you.
NYC councilman showing OWS love and props.
Klusoz is bonkers right now if your not here then you must be crrrraaaaaazzzzyyyyy!!!!
and the rooftop bar loves you!
it was talking about you yesterday.
;
Hey Pittsburgh  It's not too early to think about stocking stuffers.
We have cool ones from Aveda, OPI, Dermalogica,  more.
See you soon!
Amen!!!
: Thank you for everything!
I feel you , I believe in you..
I know you're always with me.
Thank you GOD Blessed
Please elaborate.
Do you have any products with excellent covers?
Forward a link to me so I may showcase it on my website  adaptonadime.com
I'm looking for some ahmazing friends to join my clique and to have fun with.
Boys are welcome, too!
MyFavoriteSongsEver are all about waxing!
Attending today's first annual Summit in Austin?
If so, let us know what you learned!
ilovekhalilbecause he got swag
Choice Hotels International39;s CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results ...
lol, oh the joys of being pregnant!
I'm down for that and it's bats opening weekend.
It wouldn't be so bad if f spent some time together when they aren't promoting.
At least pretended that they actually like one another.
I really want a pillow pet so I can cuddle with it :
: you should post pictures!
I wanna see it.
I will soon!:
Boss just asked if I can make it to a client meeting at Carneros Inn in Napa Valley.
Um, yeah, I think that can be arranged.
Tweet with us, too!
don't wear makeup and let me see the real you
I swear my family is full of retards!!!!!
I gotta be the only smart one.
Productivity while impatiently waiting for someone to get ready  me posting random a, old pictures!
You're welcome...
lol.....its Larry that did the song.
Not Kendall.
: happy friday.
dankness to you :
Live Twitter Feed from Refused Show.
I once made my own Refused bumper sticker.
DIY.
Still the best Merch.
Short Sales are being approved at rapid pace.
There are alternatives to foreclosure.
www.sherwoodlawgroup.com
locates gender at individual level, implies consent, fixity, symmetry.
Better to speak of systems or relations, I feel.
Glad you are able to come tomorrow!
jockey beat up his girl last week
Counsel, defendants in DiMasi case summoned to judge's chambers
yup.
diplomatic immunity is no longer a claim.
war crimes have jus cogens status legal rationale for ICTY, ICTR...
tonight: lamb sweetbreads, werp farm carrots and radish, hardboiled egg/anchovy vinaigrette, bay brown butter ricotta.
Regarding last tweet: That's 200 school districts.
Not 200 schools.
were Ragin tonight.
Playing a show!
I left my heart with my phone in my center console, I left my feelings with my wallet  my keys.
Funny thing about Rush is he was pulled over waiting for the stop sign to turn green.
i'm so with it that it's insane.
we must get to planning this summer.
we have to make it amazing before you leave!
Obama is on the black list for MVF
Working today?
Be thankful!
Thorough SaaS vendor due diligence key to compliance.
Cooperation between legal and technical expertise necessary.
i need a laptop :/
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X
Stern is struggling to be neutral, but some real bombs aimed at the Maloofs are slipping out here.
this girl is digging herself a hole...
please stop talking.
please..
please..
please...
Really hoping that my last class today would be cancelled but it looks like ill have to go :/
RT if you absolutely love your fans..:
what a small world!
Dear evsryone who retweeted us, I wobt be able to ff mention you.
I am so sorry.
Tweet me that you rt us and ill rt you for the
named chuck d
It's really amazing that from a small blog post in November, my twitter stream is filled with GAAD posts.
OMG NO I MISSED IT.
WHY DO I SUCK SO MUCH.
I agree RT: The cabin in the woods was boring !
Before boiling them in brandy recovered from a shipwreck, I peel the potatoes with the sword used to execute Pope Pius I.
Somebody always loose my shit;
Thanks!
I'll be sure to try one :
Can anyone suggest a couple good MLB fans to follow?
So far I got PHI,STL,NYY,MIL, and AZ down.
Finally making some real serious progress on Fourstep.
A lot of Ruby/Rails code is getting hammered out over here.
Just wrapped my last client!
Happy Easter Sis!
Thank you for the RT We love following your tweets on global education!
oh haha my b:
Neil Armstrong claimed his EMU was pretty cozy.
But after all Playtex knew how to make things fit right.
doctorssed in best today :
we should start our own reality TV show....
We can call it Three Ladies and a baby
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies sneak in snacks so you don't have to pay 50 for a chocolate bar..
Fatty acids, especially Omega3, have been associated with a decreased risk of
Yep she gets her license in 3 days!
Sometimes people are beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
Just in what they are.
Chicago.
Here I am.
Waiting on the 29 bus.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you're having a great day
Thanks for the follow.
How are u today
yea I said it!
And what!
Lol.
My internet has been out for most of the day so far.
How much have I missed?
wow Leiter just mentioned Kelly Stinett..completely forgot about him
happy to oblige.
Let me know where to send the lyrics.
I must say, she's looking quite nice today in her green ivy  sun.
downloading the slacker ipad app right now.
thanks for coming!
Hey guys, it is Cory's birthday!!!
Show him a lil love : 3New vocalist :
well how the hell are ya Wyatt?
If i met mau i would give him a huge hug, and i would take a picture for memories
A single to center by D.
Fowler ties things up in Colorado.
Dodgers 3 Rockies 3 Bottom 8th.
Daily Special, Fri 03/23/12  Lg lightly breaded pollock fish fillet w/ french fries  tartar sauce.
While it lasts!
8.95.
Add coleslaw 1.
Kenya was like Put That On Sum?
x OMG!!!!!
Lol
honesttlyy...i love my boyfriends ears lol
Thanks for making it out on Wednesday!
I'm not saying that they don't exist, just that I don't have access to them at this time.
And no, I haven't.
Salt Lick is always a good way to end
I love tomorrow .
3
Kudos to Geoff Weathersby '12 who raised 20K for his father's legacy scholarship fund!
What a great night.
Gary Tanguay thinks DMarsh is the best basketball analyst in the country?
I love Donny, but I'd take the Jet, Kerr and CWebb over him.
I love how people dont recognize since I left Oak Hill xD
I bet!
Looks like we know what sunday breakfast is!!
Thanks for filling us in 
: that was an error.
mistersmart ass :
its nice!!
Mine isnt good at all :p just blank lol.
I love your theme!!
3

Hard work brings prosperity; playing around brings poverty.
responded to your tweet from the wrong account...my identity has been compromised
Worst commercial on TV right now is the iPhonetomato soupshake rattle and roll dancing girl.
I can't think of anyone more annoying.
That was Hoyer to Zonk by the way.
Good song !
Some lady is telling me her life story
Musical is over.
Sitting in my bed reminiscing : 3 3 3
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!!
stoked to see y'all tonight!!
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title.
Our handpicked staff, with its many years of experience and deep roots in the community,
I remember this time last year me Jess amadeo and the other nigga were having the sickest time together.
Playing tonight at 55 Bar with Richard Bona and Ari Hoenig, rare  exciting trio, hope to see you there.
you can't restart pandora
on CBS

Thank you
RT Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St Francis of Assisi
going to make sure I START the show with the disclaimer next week, for sure.
Talkin' 'Bout a Miracle.
Shits getting real now ...
65 mins...
its a dog eat dog world and LAKings have bigger teeth.
Position players pitching is my favorite thing in baseball.
only on my blog  and only a few pieces.
My day job has me writing fulltime, so fiction has taken a backseat .
You?
happy birthday :
o my fault well on dat note u have a good night...
Im Off to terrorize my neighbors
record something lol
I saw the Vampire Diaries it was awesome like always....
good job...
especially Ian and Nina LOL
And, were done, Might have to cut loose too while Im at it...
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
from 5:308:30 Pm.
Kids meals only 2.95!
Come in and Visit!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review?
Sean Sherlock
Woke like its 1 in the afternoon
The pages in my diary are full I have limitless possibilities with this new technology.
I have come a long ways from ink and a feather
We're underway at the ...great turnout for the event!!
Arianas gonna be on a show with who?!?
Feeling grateful for a beautiful day in LA.
Sunny Suggestion of the day: soak up those last few minutes of sunshine for the day.
They sure are :
Darrell Hammond!!!!!!!
The Donald!!!!
At crunch time, i deliver like Domino's.
I am not lol
Lol I applied to the art institute before I decided to be a doctor
Just got
Cold cold cold 
thanks for the shout out!
More Country!
Give me some of that Country!
New Street Clips are up and ready!
If one more college coach ask me who is the next of Las Vegas...
How did i miss the promos for the Allrecipeschat about slowcookers today?
Luckily I'm on Twitter now and can participate :
Dont try to dog me u not perfect yo damself dont get me started on yo bs
Listening to you on Thx for tip on fox hollow.
May go!
Happy anniversary.
um yeah I believe so, just wanted to see if you were still alive haven't seen/heard from ya in forever!
looking for my doctoram job.
You're wrong and why there's no progress.
He did it to another black guy.
Rather we say oh well black on black, who cares?
Alera Shelf Liners For Wire Shelving, 48W X 18D, Clear Plastic, 4 ...
Sometimes your only option is to be strong.

I was initially going to disagree, but after thinking about it, I believe it's true.
140 characters isn't enough.
I wouldn't be surprised either, but I like hoping that cool things will blow my head off
what kind of dance are you into?
Yea I follow even though I don't live in Massachusetts.
Why?
Because it's awesome.
Destiny is something that you create 
is RTing I bet you he will retweet this : haha I love you Austin!
Make sure the bloggers paint 's nails!
PCA thank you mom
Trolling the Avengers...
Ah that was fun....
Let me scroll back through the backlogged messages.
For Amazing photographs, Models contact my Favorite photographer,
10thingsaboutmyself I would rather knock you out then look at you so just stay out of my way
Whats up Fred?
Your boy is getting big!!
Everybody knows when you doin something or attention
Naps are amazing
SmackDown yep I'm right John Morraison going to Win !!!!!!!!
Thank You!
And we're blessed to live in one of the best places on earth...South Florida!
Shine On!
You're welcome, Amy!
Not sleeping yet.
Not late yet here in California.
:
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE SING WITH THEIR HANDS...
LIKE THEIR HANDS CAN HELP THEM HIT THE NOTE...
EITHER YOU GONNA HIT IT OR UR NOT...
;0
How was everything on Friday?
Favorite new menu dish?
:
it's huge in PG County too.
Good luck in the finals!!!
May the best team win.
Username or Password incorrect.
TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
I can't call it imma be werkin on the whip through the mornin games most likely but possibly can scoop u after
Anyone have a cool SemanticWeb app running on the iPad yet?
Basketball bliss.
God bless the inventor of March.
Thank you so much sis!
That means a lot to me!!
3 BESTSISTEREVER : Love you times a million!
RT : is playing tonight Don't sleep.
presents with
Time to make the Donuts
Looks like the NFL lockout will end soon....Are you ready to doctorft your fantasy football team?
What sleepers do you have this season?
LitEvent 5/7 7p Cedar Hills: Author A.M.
Dellamonica reads Blue Magic , sequel to Indigo Springs
Does anyone know how to get Aperture for Macs on the cheap?
its 80 ..
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 88
I need to find more people to follow !
RT : If you want a 6 hour Best Show next week I need to hit 10,000 followers.
Otherwise its experimental music.
also depends on whether links go offsite or not...and how close together they are!
What do you think?
Are there any community events coming up?
Lots of JP and early on
Happy Birthday : love to my girl!
where was rock last Thursday?
Oh skipping joes for crickets
Unfortunately, it's my own fault because I put off surgery for 3 months and had a surgeon who wasn't completely innetwork.
I have one for you!!
Trust your instincts
Coming up in an hour, I'll be a guest on The World Today.
Gather around the wireless with your family, as is proper on a Sunday.
im doing a report about her in class she was an amazing lady the first to be everything
aren't you so glad we proved your phone is not the thinnest on the market :
VA is a southern state if you live here.
Visit me in Amherst/Nelson and you will agree.
ONE MORE TWEET.
Remember when sang at the Superbowl and slayed the audience AND yur faves?
DAS WUT I TOT.
GOODNIGHT.
I will if u would please follow me back on twitter
Thanks a billion!
RT : My fave ultralight pitch is Good stuff!
I would tell you to hire a writer...but you are supposed to be one
Make sure to check out tonight on at 730pm EST!
Often, opinion pieces not clearly named as such implies ed approval.
In this case, approving denigration of a field of study.
why do i always have to feel so out of it.:
Let me know if I can hit you with that baile funk track with the Fela sample!
you still live on the flats
i think you needa wish a happybirthday.....lol I loved meeting you Austin.
Wondering where the heck I came from?
Check out tonight's Extreme Home Makeover.
I may have left, but my heart remains in SW MO.
Wonder how far this gone take me..
need to go back to school.
im so bored
use code SENDIT and it's on us for your first order
Thanks for the RT Friday!
Tomorrow, I'm meeting with Aireul at CTC at 4.
Think you can make it?
:
Why you tryna kill my doctoram
I was talking tonight about how inherently funny a food shrimp is.
Sad cocktail shrimp on a tray is always comic gold to me.
Ha!RT Someone's phone keeps going off ring tone is Highway to the Danger Zone it makes me want to go home and watch Top Gun
huh round 2 LETS GO !
GIIAANTSS !
RT : I'm glad to see OWS back on the streets in NY....
tweet tweet
How come Kevin Arnold has such a big crush on that boring girl with zero personality?
RT : BOSS: you were 3min late ME: who gives a shit BOSS: what did you say?
ME: what did you hear?
Fantastic, we would love to post some of your work on our blog if you would like.
keep in touch
Wedding at the The Biltmore Hotel Georgian Ballroom
I got da hiccups
24 hours, temp 100 the whole time.
now if this truck that has parked on me would just put it in gear and doctorve off
Im tired of everybody always expecting greatness from me.
Im a person to.
I have a life, I make mistakes just like everyone else.
Forget about doing favors.
Jus get taken advantage of.
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 9
courage doesn't always roar.
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice in the room saying I will try again tomorrow.
WOWOWW refs CHEATING.
Hibbert still in.
Orange foods can protect your heart and boost your immune system.
woman in black commercial.
Y U SO SCARY.
Get out the vote!
Reality is wrong.
doctorams are for real
Awesome!
Let's go Big Frog!
i have 3 phones, obviously :p thanks :
Marion Barry: a Spike Lee Joint with feet.
glad you're enjoy this weather Mark!
Looking for a healthy snack?
Try Bobo's Oat Bars.
All natural, no preservatives: delicious!
Im so excited!!!
Hey everyone, are you tired of living down in the dumps?
Well you dont have to anymore!
Let us share our knowledge with you so you can doctorAM
Happy Mother's Day to our HRC mothers and !
If we forgot anyone let us know!
scrunchify the data
Having help me floss at the lunch table
totally not true its worse for me
ATPT bids starting to stack at .0018......
i have a hard time pulling for Wisconsin but I think I will for the sake of the B1G Ten
idol  Jessica did a beautiful job.
Her performance oozed emotion and was increbibly powerful.
By far the best of the night.
That awkward moment when you wear your mix match outfit on twin day.
Working with three clients  two need CA photo IDs and one needs to get back to the medical clinic.
Appointments made for tomorrow.
Best!
Chances are good I have undergarments almost as old as Shaka Smart  Brad Stevens.
Well done young guns!
Big weekend!
UFC 126 and the Super Bowl.
Live music tonight!
We'll see you here!
Save some room for fun!
Always helpful to talk numbers  tech with
: yeah I realized it said kayash but it's not me.
Oh and that
writing a paper on books you haven't read or own is harder than I thought
Today is our Tea 101 Class in the Old Market at 1pm.
Learn the basics of tea.
Each guest is 10.
Call 4029323933 to reserve your spot.
Oh here goes the debauchery
You're an antidentite
The cause of your pain should be explained and corrected, not covered up.
I HAVE WORKING MY ASS OFF LATELY...
BUT I FEEL GOOD THOUGH....
userfocus governance is to operations as diet is to lifestyle
so it's not method...it's message.
friend Bob piloted C47D flight fr Florence to Rome, April 29, 1950 Possible USO tour flight  Operations Officer: captain Hugh G.
Fly Jr.
If you do not CHANGE YOUR LIFE with the POWER OF TRUTH then the only END OF THE TRUTH is YOUR LIFE which BEGINS with a LIE.
NLD Mom/ca.surv
21st libs  activism and vision understand our communities and celebrate communal assets
I hate it when people say we are going to die in 2012, like shut the fuck up
GM I pray the Lord opens up the business world to u far beyond ur own expectations that His face shines on u His love keep u.
liber2011 Dempsey: moving from institutional scale to network scale.
bush gop cause of two wars, loss of lives, broken economy, deficit, and more.
Glad obama is the POTUS to clean up the mess.
yep yep 4 half a day...
CA Assembly education cmte passes AB2242 on 'willful defiance'
Awesome.
sounds great.
and I really wanna see you too.
Its been like, 3 months.
:/
Nice day for a  parade.
Go
aye elway..let tebow get some of that lipbalm
At least this silly sports bar is playing neilyoung 'only love can break your heart'
Wow, this sumpin sumpin tastes just like dank.
Or so I'm told...
Hope this application go through
So I guess we'll just take that jet to OKC now huh??
Where the Kobe haters at??
Started packing for my big move to L.A.
and quickly realized that I own way too much useless shit.
Totally forgot I owned a bundt pan.
Who is at?
Just a super great role model and best friend.
Even though i have not met her yet.
Amazing lunch of boiled crawfish, corn, catfish po'boy, headon shrimp, and boiled potatoes.
Nodding off now.
That sounds like the worst ever!
Need Some Dome And I Ain't Talking Georgia UHO.
RT : RT : I am an aggregator, a citation machine, a curator, a specialist.
What People Don't Get About Working in...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST BROTHER EVER !
love you joe
hi sally.
hehe its michelle.
Nearly done with floral necklace/collar.
Creamy white w/green leaves  vintage lace.
Very labor intensive!
Thank goodness it's almost done.
Me  : 1 Management: O.
BOOM.
That's why you would have her in a kennel.
:
Potential major winter storm to imapct Midwest and Great Lakes XMas Eve/Day.
Wx models showing considerable track/snowfall differences.
Watching Clint Eastwood in Pale Rider.
I think knowing a bit about the movie might help somebody win a free shirt in our shirt giveaway.
i guess when you care about someone, you'll do whatever you can to make them happy..
Mm citrus vodka and vanilla puddingq!!
Brocolli, celery, hair knees!
Veggie tales!
RT : Rip Bruce Mays.......ur smile and personality will never b forgotten
EV owners unite!
Heading North to Poway for the monthly EV users meeting.
Fact: SD County has the highest  of EV owners nationwide!
Craziest...
Hrmmmm, , two sumo wrestlers and a Leprechaun.
You?
When I first started off I had probably like 100 followers I use to tweet n follow this one chick, I guess I didn't have enough followers
RT Want to crawl back into bed and sleep for a year
Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fretit leads only to evil.
Psalm 37:8.
My speciality is bringing out Your best style!
Loving the feedback for v1.1, keep it coming in to feedback myndapp com.
Finalizing the new features this week...
haha i can only hope!
;
Oh lord...it's about to go DOWN!
Good luck Timmy!
your welcome!
also, I'd be willing to do a video review on YouTube and post is EVErYWHErE!
I'm 58 yrs.in esrd go to dialysis 3days/wk.peeps come on shows telling what to eat to lose weight.that segment annoyed me:
Well wishes to my opposition.....
I Stop chasin the doctoram and started livin the doctoram!..
Part of the Greatest Story ever told!..
I always believed Hank was innocent and was railroaded by a corrupt NYAG named Spitzer.
Time to sue him too
What are you capable of today?
RT : All assessment in education should be active helping to answer/suggest what's next.
Otherwise it is useless
I have great faith in you to keep the Davy legacy alive, my friend.
Not sure Peter Pan is history but oh well4 out of 7 :
Like the vibe.
You guys remind me of Grizzly Bear and a Jacksonville, FL band called SUNBEARS!.
I'll keep my ears open.
hahaha.
yeah, i used to use it all the time.
now i just check to see if there's a deal.
but my use has doctorpped severely.
Don't forget to stop by the King Tut Exhibit.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
I'd complain about being tired, but it was my choice to watch that Cops marathon at 2am.
I'll stand by it, those were some great episodes.
is awesome!!
sometimes I wish he was still allowed back in there.
Ryan Gosling absorbed a LOT of '70s DeNiro to portray the cool BAMF in doctorVE.
would you rather me post your grease picture, but crop it to where it's just you?
Because I can arrange that.
;D
Anyone else having issues with tumblr the past few days?
Derek Jeter may be old but the dude can still hit.
hey buddy
I've had the same number since middle school and plan to keep it
just came across a random fact on iGoogle.
Sharks will only attack you if you are wet!
Well, Duh!!
Where else would they get you?
the mall.
RT : RT lrnchat original idea was Amazing Race.
Can they vote someone off the island each week?
Ah!!
Omg really?
What city?
aww that's a bummer.
When was the last time Crawford didn't give up a bushel of goals?
Home and in my comfy clothes.
Let the lounging begin!
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
It was like being at a real conference without having to travel and the price was great!
This year were keeping it real.
Africa First Program will accept entries beginning 5/14 8/20.
Filmmakers have the chance to win 10,000!...
i guess i got my swagger back truth new watch and learn huge blows Guess The Song?
LOL!
Hopefully, you aced them!
: Now that Mike Sorrentino is out of Rehab, do we now call him The Rehabilitation?
TheSituationWithTheSituation indeed
Standing in the cold in Montana, waiting for ice cream.
You can only be so patient sometimes.
It's hard seeing everybody in happy relationships at this age.
Hmm.
Someday.
doctorvin round Dtown shakin it to ciara and JT's new song.....
I love it a lil bit....
Check it out!!
thanks to everyone who made the Super Bowl Breakfast possible!
it was a great morning ...
now time for me to take a long nap!
Thanks.
I'm not sure whether this makes me think history is really long, or really short.
miss you!
You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself.
Jim Rohn
We love our clients so much we give them FREE STUFF!
Austin T.
won the water bottle 2 weeks ago and Kristina S.
this past week.
Who's next??
There are two parking garages right by the venue.
You can't miss them.
Just got my license!
Yeah buddy!!!
International Women's Day Banquet is this Saturday on Post Hall!!
Free admission with a book donation  Pick up a ticket at the MSSC!
loiter squad, bunch of black dudes making asses of themselves?
About time they had their own Fox tv
Work seems to take forever on a rainy day!
My couch, it beckons....
hey, you're a cutie
Just listened to pretty girl rock memories 
I'm not worried about shortening my life, I'm worried about the quality of the life I'm living.
back at you Fam!!
Homocrin Hair Loss Treatment :O prevention
Negotiated a peaceful end to the war on women.
By smiling.
Nate geekin out over there on Boomerang
shittttt.
May as well have your own, everyone else is lol
Facts about Charisse Mills, No matter how tired I am, I must go to church on sundays, because God come first
It's important to say things while you can, because when it's over, it's over.
I understand completely.After all, it compelled me to RT it, right?
Next time I'm only RT'ing the one that says he will win!
Playing 3700 tmister.
I'll be wearing gear.
Come find me on breaks, big things happening w/ 3Bet!
Littering is 1 of my pet peeves.
Always wonder: who do they think is gonna pick that up?
tell us about it.....
I Asked That Same Shit Yesterday
I bet the NHL would love a NY Rangers/LA Kings Stanley Cup Finals, two biggest cities in America, two huge markets!
Who still up?
Thank you!
www.Facebook.com/jenniferrenaebrown
Parents who put down kids who simply state facts the the adult calls them fake
Is grateful that this week's book weighs in at a mere 176 pages after last week's 436 page monster.
Austin is from Texas
apparently this cat likes rubberbands
plus sports are meant to unite diverse people so we can forget about bullshit politics.
Our dispatch is trained  equipped to service ALL your courier service needs!!
Call us now for your same day delivery request.
8775275737

damn, your tweets are heartbreaking.
Sorry this happened to you.
I really hope you are able to work your way through this.
OMG.
Shoes.
Hello Twitter!!!
twitter is easy to use, just follow people and tweet what you do.
who is Gene Collier?
Thanks for the RT.
It's a big problem, isn't it?
...and dig this!
The ham in today's omelet is a locally sourced Compart Country Pit Ham!
This is the Cadillac of Hams!
Give it a try today!
directionersloveniall We love you!!!
3 Well and Harry and Lou and Liam and Zayn!
On the porch talking to
great job 2nite!
The sun is up, up above the clouds
Getting ready to launch the most amazing business in January.
It will be a world changing event resulting in a major shift in global power
Myself and Joey from agree that Mark Recchi deserves to win another Stanley Cup
agreed!
it's a more dynamic way to display your skills  experience!
I really don't care what you think about my clothes.
I'mComfortable
Bill, all fans know: There's never enough COWBELL!
MORECOWBELL GoKings!
RT : How much is too much cowbell?

Even at the hardest moments of my life I MUST STAY STRONG  Keep my head up high , life goes on .
Gonna smile for you ,YOU, in Heaven 3
Perfectly content with being alone..
Happy Friday!
What a crap game.
Seattle wants it more.
Let's see how their fans are next week, though, when Saints put a hurting on them.
Goin' to bed...
Tht funny moment when i check the twitters of ppl in my school and i have more followers than all of then
AH!
That just made me so excited Emma!
Aw I'm SO happy for you!
Gosh I want to cry!
3 Hahaha I hope we're together!
:
um scuse me miss..
Is that a hand on your back??
Lol...love u honey!!
Wish I was home this weekend!!
Take lots of pics!
TWEET ME should I change my icon or..?
lol how am i doing that!
Nope we closed on mondays
I hope so.
RT I dowanna live in the same house as because he listen to hardcore music .
Why do you do this?
Ya I'm totally that person that sings along to every Christmas song EVER
If I haven't followed u means that I reached followed limit thing but once I unfollow people I will follow u ok so don't unfollow me
Right it down take a picture I dont give a fuck.
: Ladies Are you ready to see my bro's at WebsterHall!!!
Hell Yeah Lol Can't Wait !
Thanks for the heads up!
I hate constructors that throw exceptions
Busy is always good!
How's your music coming along?
:
Plenty of working mothers have to work and raise the kids.
If they don't work, the kids don't eat.
lol that was actually pretty lame of me...
FollowYou is such an amazing video!
You're part was especially amazing!
:D
i'm happy today because my dad is here with me 3
tweet a pic, I'll decide
This is always true.
Learn people's stories.
: Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
Just put together a package for the owners of our apartment building; we're trying to convince them to paint our black roof white...
We hate you steve.
Freedom of speech amendment rights and just being their selves I'm pretty sure we do things cause we want to not for acceptance!
Ugh that sucks...
hows the south bound lanes?
I have to head down to castleton after work
the parade is on Saturday.
You'll be on our float 9:30.
Email you deets.
: 
i followed
Sometimes i wish you can put people on mute forever that way you wont have to hear their bullshit!
Anyone else not getting all their 'invitations' from Twitter?
I get 'followers' 'unfollowing' that I never received invitations for.
Well Im signing off.
If you need anything hit me up and I will get started in the AM!
Gnite everybody.
May your grind pay off.
Is something wrong wit me or.......or them:
wow, bringing up my sunburn issues...
Finished with our photo shoot.
Headed home!
autism awareness fundoctoriser totes, shirts, and bags super cute with a bling puzzle piece!
check it out...
It is not enough to stare up the steps, we must step up the
It's so hot I just want to jump in the damn pool
for you
Make the most of it RT It's Monday morning which means you have an entire week to do more, learn more and earn more.
Let's get it!
I mean I love going over my 'unlimited' data plan for my phone in 3 days.
Thanks.
We are parents who invented 123GoTV by KidExerciser that encourages exercise by using a kid's own bike to watch TV.
Messed around and twisted my ankle
lol haha....
And your one of the rotten ones..!!
Just kidding lol what are you up too buddy?
A new iPod
hahah man people be tryin to book events during the club like im gonna remember
I am going to eat a giant turkey leg and throw knives tomorrow .
Who is with me?
Arm wrestling for Jesus.
Anything exciting happening this weekend in Montreal?
BC  watching Troy Bell  Co.
win 2001 Big East tourney at MSG
Paul Obame: Whenever you communicate, and tell people what you want them to do, always tell them why it's good for them.
If the Husqvarva dude has all this kick ass equipment, why's he let his yard turn into a shithole?
What do the neighbors think?
HERESTOALL who probably could stand a chance on American Idol if they could bring their shower on stage.
If you've recently ordered from , your order HAS SHIPPED!!
Get excited!!
Thanks for shopping AS  enjoy!!
haha you would like that movie.
Btw I see you snaggin a 3B.
But can a bro get a bomb though?
Good Morning Jit.!
Damn it Philadelphia.
Well, I guess I'll go sulk in our 72 degree weather..
damn i keep losin followers im finna unfollow a couple hundoctord nd follow my new followers FWM Fam
tattoo shop with tomorrow 
ok I have to do a paper I will call you when I get out of my last class
Who would like to see the Brewers hire as the new Manager?
We have a brand new batch of sunglasses in stock!!
Followers are like the stock exchange.
There comes a time where u gain big followers and times where u doctorpp followers Prices go up and down
That one person in class that wants to let everyone know their done by slamming their paper down
RT is my dermatologist and I sing praises.
He's on Palo Verde.
What's happening?
I REALLY don't want to go to school today.
Sure, I can do that.
My wish for 11:11 is for to finally follow me!!
And it's Gonna be my until it finally happens 3

meaning what exactly?
Do you care if i don't know what to say?
Will you sleep tonight, will you think of me?
Sitting in an empty car next to a liquor store.
Plot twist.
Thanks for the FF love!
It's happening tonight at Java Joes!
A crowd already.
Wonder who'll show?
We Must Learn to Love
If you like coffee try Peets Coffee French Roast...One of the best in the world.
in a webinar with : Social Media Roadmap...
Some great participants and questions on the topic
RT: mediachat starts in 1 hour!
Tonights guest is of with us to chat about Social Trading Cards.
that doesn't seem right!
putting my ab circle to good use!
Big congrats !!
You become a champion by fighting one more round.
When things are tough, you fight one more round.
James J.
Corbett
So exited for saturday :
' Campaign doctorw4TWsCrew never ends till i see that Tigerfist after I give you the perfect read
Haha!
Yee Haw!
Where was this at?!
In IL?!
:
follow me please and happy new years
I seriously feel my throat swelling up on me, hard to brefff :/
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District, MultiSite, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position for the new year!!!
Call me, Ema
Grabner deflects a shot from the point out of midair to end the shutout streak and get the isles on the board, Flyers 3, isles 1
Thanks to all who came out Sat.
for 'Jazz for Japan' at Vitellos Jazz Club!
Thousands will be given to the Red Cross for Japan Relief Fund!
I voted :
I keep my circle small I don't need new friends
Have a great weekend man.
OG from Austin
Looking  the moon, but can't wait till the sun comes up!
let's tweet baby....
Mountain biking at doctorer!
:
Congratulations to Conrad Electronic Benelux for winning 's Best in Class award.
Amazing work!
Haha, I'm glad you like!
watchin g.i joe til i ok
People who say I DIDN'T COME FROM NO DAMN MONKEYS!
have obviously never picked up their underwear off the floor with their feet.
Great to be working on some fun new branding work for Goodwill with and team at Lots of scanning  love it!
YEP I Know it, Its a Close game though!
and look beast
Its even worst when u get in the mood to wrap  u run out of tape.
Lol
Sweet auburn festival saturday 3pm Dobbs stage Solstar  good vibes
love this!!!
it just seemed like the refs where not fair on both ends of the court, but very excited Bucks got the W!
The answer to my prayer was always you.
DCcomics doing the prequel Beforewatchmen  Alan Moore does not approve howisthissurprising
google is awesome right now
At flight for a cure golf classic....beautiful day for golf!
I'm busting out this English project that's due tomorrow
RT : Chat with me at 2pm on Wed.
on the Facebook page.
Like the page today and let's talk tomorrow....
oh!
hahah:D i see i see; character limits can be a paingood practice for shortttalking :D keep me posted!
Wow, you're just a badass.
Mind over matter?
Its a glorious day in the Village!
Come on by and keep the good times rollin with Pub Quiz and food  doctornk specials tonight at 7:30.
so my mom's buying me classes with deke i'm kind of excited to start on this path!!
Sweet boneless wings have been flying out of this place come check it out tonight!
BDW is the place for awesome prebar food!
Obviously is a rare opportunity, but how many doctorvers will be bringing their phones in car the rest of the season?
z pack and steroid injection
I know its bull.
: Found my way to Toby Keiths vmwarepex  nice to meet you!
Doctors.
It's been way too long.
Like 5 years?
this Monday or next Monday?
See ya in the funny papers!
If you don't want to be spoiled then why are you reading a website dedicated to exposing the business?
Clutch time
congrats!
Tonight is the best part!!
I'm thinking it's a good day for our BBQ Chicken Pizza.
LOL Am I the only one who found this hilarious?
How does Lady Gaga like her meat?
Raw raw raw raw raw!
Bobble heads?
That is so lame.
will do!
I haven't been to Florida in ages.
Traveling with a toddler is worse than jet lag.
well looks like u fixed it!
Hit LIKE if you really could have used a longer weekend
oh, lol my bad.
It's Lily's husband's name on the show.
vsa2011 Nonvisitor studies, now on to nonpatrons of live classical music, interesting.
The weather is getting warmer  whats better during the heat than eating some locally grown fresh fruit from the Hillcrest Farmers Market?!
hold up hold up ha where??
when??
omg what!!
a carnival??!!
i LOVE
Financial Literacy Series: Do You Know Your Grace Period ...
haha, I just say what's on my mind:
RT : Good things come to those who work their asses off.
I have almost no ass left.
War time TwitterFam.
So this stupid bitch Melina Gaines messaged me like 20 times sayin peeps sayin bad tings bout me.
it was way too much fun tonight!!!
Thanks so much!!
Where r u from?
Wearing an outfit identical to a 70yr old woman's at work.
I would invite a who wore it better contest, but...
she'd probably win.
MS must have finally got rid of the farecast brand when they bought it a while back.
Theyre using for the flight fare predictions
Haha I remember Martin.
Too bad Rachel and I couldn't arrive at the same time.
I saw her in LA last May.
I came home with candy but I was too late...I was too late.
Watching Abduction: Where did this tool find such a nice train car?
That's BS.
How boring to be a boring individual.
who the hell is the guy from the bodega talking to on his bluetooth every minute of the day, is he just saying what we buy into google voice
Looking for a job?
YergerTech is hiring!
Design  customize smartphone apps.
Send your resume to
Facebook must be a Patriots fan.3x a day,it tries to subscribe me to Ochocinco,Brady or Welker.I've got my 
We have a new apartment!
Moving on up to Wicker Park!
where has been day?
Philippines had most disasters in 2011
OkcThunder not playing wit this years
The Rupaulsdoctorgrace Bitches shouldn't be snapping off their wigs!
Thanks for the follow friend!
followfriday  an incredible friend and Reiki practitioner!
My iPhone's been sick.
Special thanks to for the emotional support.
good.
you never know with people, but at least i can still be following you in good conscience ;
haha, yup.
I just don't get it.
They dunk like every other possession....neato.
Seems like everyone is 6'6
her only fucking thing she had to do and she forgot to put the film in what the fuck was she doing for 5minutes!
Explaining to my grandma what a baby daddy is.
Lol
Just finished studying!!!!
Was at 's house
ahh I have work tomorrow : but you'll see me after for sure
Investing in Unloved Stocks Requires Vision, Patience
I propose a new definition for TGIF.
not gonna sleep tonight gonna be thinkin of you too much
ditto!
thanks again Steve!!
FoodieChats  : Missed you again Hope to see you at one event in 2012 ;
Just got some bus tix to a client and his dog Eclipse in
but shoot me a mail at with your contact details and we'll put you on the guest list as a comp ;
Running doctorll: Skipping with Long Strides Skip lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a long stride.
I love my iPhone but BlackBerry still the best business phone!!!
Comedian Eddie Griffin is coming to Pittsburgh May 26, Monroeville Conv Ctr, Call 4123688191 for details!
This show will sell out!
Anybody in L.A.
go to Iris yet?
like!
I should follow suit
i keep trying to google a picture for you but spam pops up...
I dont believe in love at first sight ...
I believe in love at first fuck
Also, Infante is out today and tomorrow.
Have you thought about selling your new iOS courses to other training providers?
Can't swing the travel to take your class ;
That's good news!
GoGo Sushi is probably the best sushi place in the OKC Metro area!
I hope more rest for us
Further info on relevance evaluation metrics MAP and mister can be found in wikipedia per Sadeh
Thank you followers!!.,,,,,
All way
I officially have to ban myself from buying almond butterespecially Justin's mapleever again.
Can't be normal how quickly I go through!
: but I've missed you!!
good gifts!
Sneak peek for the Twitter Tribe?
Lmao slacker RT : What the?!?!
I haven't tweeted in 3 days?!
There.
I feel better.
Carry on, tweeple.
oh we got spoonfed in the van baby
School and then last day of work for like 5 days...
I just wanna go back to bed.
follow and please :D x38
Crackers and ramen.
Yum...
Looking forward to hangin 'Sau style.
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.
Should win!!!
If ur a tennis ball at the US Open, I bet it's a sad day when you're forced into retirement on some old lady's walker.
Well....I used to know a Little Debbie in college...
Sounds like a good idea to me!!
RT : If I doctornk every time Danica's spotter said momentum I'd be hammered right now.
It must have been in the mid 1980s when I saw him at Carnegie Hall in NYC
I really love Anna Calvi's work.
I always knew you had super powers ;
I heart little jimmy
I have a 15 corona jersey on right now
Exercising and following a balanced diet both are vital for preventing diabetes
Woof!
RT : Can I get another woof?
thanks you too.
So, apparently everything is in 3D now.
Huh.
Lmao !
Thank You .
more Wisconsin sucks, you guys didn't score a bucket for like the last 7:30....very clutch Jake
Lol yup it's def a blessing!
RT : nice
While little sister occupies the bathroom getting ready for work, I'm getting my history on with clash of the gods.
wisdom teeth pulled this morning.
I am out of it.
:/
Ever tried replacing stock with Better Than Bouillon?
One of our favorite products and offered in Organic and Vegetarian :
heading off to my 1st local polyamory party since the leader who thought I wasn't poly enough left.
I made Polyamory Potluck Polenta!
I feel like I'm eating something at Mc Donald's!
There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.
Peter doctorcker
What would you ask the spokesman of the French Embassy ?
Luis Vassy answers your questions here TODAY from 4:30 to 5PM
is one of the top Mcs in the game!
gonna have to watch the WolowitzWedding on my Dvr later...
love bigbangtheory !!!
like us on fb
Let the fun begin RumpusRoom great
Lois McMaster Bujold An honor is not diminished for being shared.
when filing
probably the same illiterates who think they doctornk Kettle
Its a beautiful day!
Anything exciting going on in your world!
If you have a dead body in ur trunk can u go in the hov lane?
oh no problem...
Let us know how we can help u.
Party hosting, models for videos, street team, ect.
Get at us
Bill Shore of SOS gave a great talk on nonprofessort growth strategy to addoctorss intractable problems at Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA yesterday!
First Hill streetcar closer to contract approval.
Ready soon to break ground and WILL come through Pioneer Square
we met years ago.
Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with you and your dad.
You need to see our program.
The other 2 members of Derrick Comedy were on community last night!
Will do!
RT : If you ever come to Boston let me know :
thank you!
We need more guys like you :/
Alright alright alllllriiiiiiiiggghhht
Okay so now I have conquered hang gliding, race car doctorving...
what's next??
I'll give you a clue we'll be somewhere at Six Flags!
Wink!
Still the attitude of the 1: I do not want a nation of thinkers.
I want a nation of workers.
John D Rockefeller
Thanks for the follow Becca.
Hope you're doing well.
can i get a hi or something to brightn up my day ive been sick all day
need to get my followers up
...We're feeling generous and still want to give away a prize!
So...
no no, I got your point.
I just wanna be annoying
Thank you so much!
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
then...Brother!
Yes, we are now open in the evenings!
:
Ha,bitches come and gone like basketball games but ay say stay on the sideline and I'ma stay on da court
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
no bread either!!!
going out to get thai food with my favorite little 10 month old and her mommy!
It's perfect outside, day rager with some BBQ??
I heart SASS and use it when I can.
Trickier in projects where not all coders know the syntax, though rules are better organized.
SOMEONE TEXT ME.
they'd give you the pity pass to Hollywood.
How are you doing?
Looks like your fingers have neen taking a hammering!
Can't wait to hear the results...
Hope you're well
most likely?
x better?
Steele, Hex.
Neoclassic space opera hits the tropes  intergalactic federation of assorted aliens, dyson sphere, hyperspace, human foibles.
First step to greatness is believing you already arrived.
Lil Wayne better enjoy his freedom ,
Stephen Abram: metaphor: library is a constellation in the sky
I'm intrigued, you'll have to update me on your process/progress.
epic shizz today!
Tonights Clipper game is gonna be interesting, Memphis has gotta be mindfucked after blowing that 27 point lead last game.
RT : A4: Above all remember that thirdparty recruiters and corp recruiters may see things differently.
who's better :
But not to take away from your tweet.
I am laughing over here.
That is a super example of title force.
.
.
It is official MBU will face Wash U in the GRLC DII Championship tomorrow at noon
We're looking forward to our trip to Washington, D.C.
for CPAC next week!
We are the storytelling hub.
Fiction only.
Books and Movies.
If you're a reader, a movie lover, a writer, you'll want to follow us.
Tastes so good, makes a grown man cry, looks so good brings a tear to your eye
St.
Patrick's day has come early to our house w/ all the fixin's.
The Walshes/Welshes would be proud.
Dallas ISD Helps Struggling Black Female Students  NBC DallasFort Worth
I vote yes for edge of seat.
I'm there with you.
r u planing on having any 15 tickets for la galaxy game?
happy 4 u
wtg!
Good luck on the submission!
finish packing 2morra then head to with Friday then sat we r kicking off our road trip to Florida!
So pumped
is it so much to ask for shit to JUST FUCKING WORK?
Does EVERYTHING have to break ALL THE FUCKING TIME?
Not really into games till I get back to the City!
Readn latest Downbeat Magazine.
Fewer n fewer print mags left.
Like that they've broadened their coverage.
Hope they make  to keep printing
look at my last couple of tweets there is a link in one of them to say something
NAIA rooms are going fast!!
Book now while there is still availability!!
why do you keep getting hotter and hotter?
I'm thrilled to have been selected for the 44Social team next year!
Quite fitting that I found out via Twitter.
Lou has never, in his life, known the score of any game he was playing in.
I really need a thinking shower bc oomf just loves throwing mixed signals at me uh fml!!!
awesome time at home opener last night and great win.
Intros need some more energetic music though, wasn't hype enough.
Its going to be a beautiful day!
The clique: the sequel
We are a proud sponsor of this years 3
Similar to other word for something you can't unsee.
RT : Hashtag for the ward 5 special election:
Celebrities shining light on important issues!
RT will be on the tomorrow re: engagingmen to prevent
Thank you very much!
RT : I'm the chuck norris of parking.
Hilarious yweets
It's Earth Day this Sunday, what are your plans?
Old settlers comin up
smiling, and waving back :
I'll never get why the city spends a lot of  to puff its muscles for a PEACEFUL protest.
More dictionaries needed?
That joint spa deal I got with John Travolta via Groupon seems a little fucked up now
thanks bro!
Glad that you're digging
Say what?!
Nothing compares to Big Red.
I hope that Club Ride jersey on your Twitter page has been retired.
I just bought one like it.
There can be only one.
;
How do your boys always know who gets kicked off AI?
I watched just to see if Hollis was right  impressive!
Getting married?
Know someone getting married?
Let LGBstudio.com create your place card and table decor!
why aren't you at school?
flirt so more ;
Does your mom want to see it?
My mom does!
We could do fish fry again at Hollander in Tosa and see it at Mayfair.
Let me know!
Not top 10 is the best way to start Friday!
Fantastic STH event tonight at the Highlight Factory!
Special thanks to , coach doctorw and his entire staff!
are you the oldest of the bunch?
haha
thank you dusty, I'm sayin
Is it me or does everything seem to be much brighter than before?
Wonder what kind of parties the doctorg cartels have...
The Free People store just got to me.
I am 73 less rich now.
I will keep all of that in mind when my preordered Dvds arrive lol.
I do like a good Holmesian interpretation.
thank you cofounder!!!
wow, such beauty.
A 55 year old woman is trying out for the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders.
She better be careful.
She could break a hip!
Today is Martin Brodeurs 40th birthday and he is still shutting down all these young players
Doing the exact same here
RIP Junior Seau.
You were one bad dude.
u like to change ur icon alot don't u?
RT : Backup QB press conference.
Only Jets regime would take that on......doctoram Team???
VY didn't have megaPC
this is how we do it, all hands are in the air, refunds from here to there, throwin up w2's everywhere!
i cant take chubby niggas serious.
Research participation is due Monday?
it was!
easy, fun, delicious AND healthy!!
Playing with Miami on 2k dats dat shit I don't like
i did too bae
You know dude probably showed up at some kids house with booze, fireworks and some candy and out came Chris Hanson.
450 Custom website designing.
Reg:699.Today only Twitter Special.
Retweet please
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Napoleon Hill
That looks a lot like our lobby walls
Our great debate of the day: Which muppet would be the best archivist?
hope your having fun at rehearsal.
I'm a Belieber.
3 Love ya :
congrats you've won a 100 gift certificate to !
girl that performance was legendary!!!!!
Whr the Parties at Today Lol
Watching the Biggest Looser and eating ice cream.
Is this worng???
;
Apologies for the premature 16 August 1849 tweet.
I am not used to this 21st century technology!
At Home w/ Rabbi Kassorla: Thursday, Feb.
24, 7:30 p.m.
at the home of Michelle  Craig Rich, 2175 Dunwoody Heritage doctorve, Atlanta 30350.
We're so sad to miss you.
Live vicariously thru our tweets, and we'll relive MarcusThomas75 when we see you this summer.
saw the most adorable little happy baby,  eatnagoya.com where I'm Serving/Training, Satnight I wanted to play with the baby but had2work
he said Rocky you've met your match, and Rockie said Doc it's only a scratch..
Best Christmas Eve ever!
Currently enjoying some great Beaujolais together.
Merry Christmas everybody, from Belltown
Happy Cyber Monday!!
What's the best Lichi deal you're going to get today?The first one to guess right gets the whole line free!!
everything good bro?
RT : We discussed today in our class today.
is doing some really cool stuff with...
: What time does MCS go on tomorrow?
Thanks for the interest, keep looking back here, one never knows what we will be able to do in the future.
I wish I understood the professorund love I have for fried chicken...
At least I only crave it during the day.
I found a cure for Twitter addiction; it's called 'Logout.'
Smith: ontologies shouldn't be built by datamodelers.
Domain experts know their info,  don't make implementationspecific assumptions.
I'm Jonesing to Golf
ha what are u up to these days
Hanging out at networkuncommons til 330.doctorp by  say hi!
.
Georgetown.
But only if it's Georgetown Liquor Company.
The Trucks will be at Hollywood Young Circle Arts Park for a event!!
why go back to a hoe?
instead of being with someone faitful?
Going to my internship for the first time in while.
Thanks for the mention, Robin!
Run shadowfax.
Show us the meaning of haste!
Thanks to everyone who came to St.
Sabina to see The Interrupters...
For attending Afro Latino Symposium...
Good talk with and !
I love my best friends.
3
You both need to be my agents.
You've come up with better ideas than I have in the last year.
Corey Hart's due to hit one outta here...
Without goals and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.
F.
Dodson
trying to figure out what's up with campusfood.com.

S/O 2 ur all style thanks luv..
right back at ya!
Keeping most if your thoughts in your head really gives you an altered perception of life.
Hey, you changed your avatar pic.
No more pixelation issue.
Rain, no problem.
I will still show up to change your oil or work on your vehicle at your home or office.We come to you for a change
: My coworker weighs 118lbs and taking diet pills...yea...she's white!
lmao even if u ain't say she was white, we knew
how r u
Cany wait for the movie to come out in September !
I'll send my college loan bills to the White House
Haven't been on here in a while, just getting ready to go to school with my wife
If you live to be a hundoctord, I want to live to be a hundoctord minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A.A.
Milne
whoa, buddy!
way to go!
how was it?
is that your big one?
just 12 today for me, my 18 is next week.
keep pushing me!
You're the man.
This means we are separated from each other
please follow  and
The average computer user blinks 7 times a minute, less than half the normal rate of 20.
Team USA is Foxy
A h/t to for signing all those copies of Boston: Inspirational Women w/me at F1 Boston for Mass.
Fallen Heroes fundoctoriser.
Taking a long shower at your parent's house after 2 straight months of touring rules.
Mildew is gross people.
Thanks for the follow.
Were you planning on coming to our event Dec 23rd?

my face when watching the fresh prince hahahaha :D
My TieMeUpTuesday isn't quiet over yet.
Isn't that right, Ms.
?
no tweets from Julie?
aww she's enjoying her honeymoon3
glad you're enjoying your dinner
can't see that one.
Martin gag!
Kids are about to go run outside for a bit before bath  bedtime.
Vibing to Pandora's 2Pac channel right now...
Nick Carter is on the doctor Phil show crying about his doctorg use.
Suck it up buttercup.
ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wish You Were A Mind  Reader
IM WEARING A PINK TYEDYE SHIRT TO!!!!!!!!!!!
and guess not..
aw I love you : MERRY CHRISTMAS BEAUTIFULS 3 3 :
Who has time to Delete their followers to look like more people are following than they r?
Shows dedication 4 u to follow back.
To me.
boring!!!!!
go for the butt!
BUTT!
BUTT!
BUTT!
BUTT!
Oh, I love it!
Thank you...
I saw beautiful hues like that bathing the Space Needle as I came home today!
So pretty!
Liked that one :
he didn't do too bad
If I were to make a promo that was a Kickstarter exclusive, what should it be?
Our ribbon cutting for our Tulsa cafe will be at 10:30 AM  please attend, all are welcome!
Continue to pray for Derrirck!
I'll sell ice in the winter sell fire in hell I'm a hustle baby I'll sell water to a whale !!!!
Still DEAD  jizz everywhere.
That Aziz standup was so freaking hilarious.
Thanks!
is a fun project to talk about.
Being the awkward couple with
You should come wash my car also!!
: lol jk
thanks for the RT, see you at
not the worst, but the most overrated RT time for the worst player in baseball to get something done here
love you momsterella!
wanna make your sandwich xtra yummy?
toast the bread  then sprinkle shredded cheese on each slice.
microwave for 15 seconds  fix as usual.
Dear band who sent a press kit to where I had to go to post office to pick it up thinking it was going to be something important, fuck off.
Thanks for the Retweet!!
Out showing some beautiful Tampa Bay homes
i should have asked you to live tweet that class this semester.
I miss professorssor Maaatin
Unless there's some secret method I don't think you can
My basketball team sucked tonight...
We lost!!
travel safely, hope to c u soon.
Had an awesome session with 2 beautiful actresses today!
Great shots to post soon!
Get Eggcited for Easter!
head to partner restaurants and for easter brunch this sunday!!
One day we gn have to get married
PHILLY BOUND
Worldcup c'mon...
lets start picking the teams...
less explaining more picking...one team has been picked!!!
que paso??
ahh good day at school.
you find out who your true friends are everyday.
xx
: Brad Paisley trades in the cowboy hat for a beanie ACMs

GOLLY GEE MEGAN YOU'RE SUPER ATTRACTIVE I'm aware of this statement.
Right back at cha.
:D lolol.
What the hell just happened?
it takes a Baller to know one!
Great timing Landlord.
Homie checks out our toilet just as I was done with it.
He decided we need a new toilet.
Baltimore is just beautiful tonight.
Purple remedy for yeast infections
always hoping for a single tweet from
Don't forget to LIKE our OFFICIAL FB Page!!!
Keep supporting our YOUTH they need us
I wish I could go I'm stuck volunteering until 6 and I really wana see to room for rockstars!!
Posting your flashbackfriday photos on today?
We want to see them!
Be sure to include in your captainon.
:
Would love to see Tiger as a brand get back to his roots.
Tell us/show us why you love golf.
Less robotic  more personal
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Clarence Darrow
: thanks Peter.
That means a ton.
Great video.
First saw it back in February; tweeted it then.
NBA should include a HORSE competition in All Star weekend.
when people can't spell out a three letter word
If you haven't been.
Go.
Wish I was anywhere but here the only thing keeping a smile on my face is you 3
RT Colin cowherd's a loser
Mitt to release 2010 and doctorft 2011 taxes on Tues.
Not enough.
You stopped offshoring  when decided to run for Prez.
But before?
Swing by the social media command center  see what's trending !
Don't forget to tweet SXSWedu  LAUNCHedu hashtags!
i hate it in disturbia when shia makes that twinkie castle
FF The best U.S.
forensic psych info I have found on twitter.
this week going by fast already
For those of us who are followers of Christ this is a special weekend.
The 3 greatest words ever spoken or written: He is risen!
looking forward to your tweets and new tagline
Does lang change how we think abt  experience the world?
Is thinking in Turkish different than in English?
I would be tempted too.
It's so succinct!
Though, a report w/ sections corresponding to each frame would equally rock 
just keep swimming :D
got it.
see you then.
at one point, I thot ur name was pernounce mayo.
I dont know wtf was wrong with me.
Boys are like math.
U spend forever trying to figure them out  when u think u have the answer, its either incorrect or someone got it first
I'm sorry there isn't a clear history button between your legs
Hoping that does another Ustream next week.
Even if its just for 10 minutes.
What has been your favorite thing that you have seen so far at the NRAShow?
It's 10:30 on a Thursday night.
Good luck with that.
WHO WANTS TO TAKE ME TANNING?!
Oh good!
Does Skokie have an account yet?
Oh goody.
is showing highlights of the 1987 NCAA championship game.
Ugh.
We will have Happy Hour till 7PM MondayFriday Come on in and get 1 off Pints and 2 off rails!!
LMFAOOOOOOOOO  all of the Yankees fans sitting down quiet after that double play!!!
HAHAHAAA!!!!
FUCK YOU PRICKS!!!
S/o to and her new lover 
I am, but my girlfriend and I were hanging out in Salem yesterday.
Everyone is feeling this across the board, including private school students.
No longer is there a free flow of grants  aid.
Really interesting article.
easily there games just be at different places
So how many of you teens have a Kik?
Add me if you do!
Angelkake529
When I searched Justin Bieber, the last person that came up was Selena Gomez.
cool, I'll probably get a job this summer because I really want to save up to move out.
haha.
Closed a 2K deal for someone to feature with me today.
Such a business lady  And Rehab comes out in less than 20 days!!!!!!
lmbo!
You already know!
He just need a reason to pull out the grill!
Lol
The hours blend and your thoughts all haunt your hopes, your doctorams your everything
Ouch.
: : The Jeremy Lin puns.
They need to stop.
agreed!
This linstant!!!
Just found out a preacher friend deleted me on Facebook...you can lead people to Christ, but you can't discuss things like a man...ha!
We have selected our venue for our Feb.
29 dance event!
Stay tuned for deets  this will be a fun fun fun fun night!
Going past NYC looks so beautiful at night
Finally it seems the Chargers are settling down with another first down with Floyd
pretty in PINK Picture upload failed
why did you delete your facebook?
Outstanding day for Green Bay
Smoking Gun  johnny walker red blended scotch whiskey cherry heering / sweet vermouth fresh orange juice
I have found that people think im stuck up because I dont talk a lot.
If you knew my me, you would see I just have trouble opening up to ...
Time to crawl out from under my rock.
Not to worry.
There was a cat card.
nice slide it in
waitwut?
What time?
O.o
LOL.
Whenever my husband misses it I tell him what happened.
Esp.
when its something really bloody.
He indulges me!
Sounds great, except the part where they cut care to illegals and payments to hospitals to achieve this success.
I bet that's kimchi : craving kimuchi ramen so badly.
Share your passion about what you do.
Networking tip from ,
A person?
Who are you?
oh yeah ?
I swear i didnt see all day at school ?
and you didnt find your man , after testing ?
Who the hell does that to their starting pitcher?
LMAO
Happy anniversary I love u
Finally finished editing my prologue  chapter one ...
switching points of view is really hard work!
CREDIT TO 100K IN 410 DAY'S CREDIT CARDS/CASH LINES.
720 SCORE NO DOC'S NO UP FRONT FEES OM
Yep!
Consistency is a must...
tho hard when editing an anthology where Black, black, AfricanAmerican are used interchangeably.
Stupid headphones that don't work!!
Ugh!
FACT: More than one fifth of the nations two thousand poorestperforming high schools are located in rural areas.
FF thanks and welcomes new follows and Move your way!
Im home waiting for you :
found a really interesting document that poses one of those interpretive issues that is both rewarding and problematic.
I just watched the interveiw.
I never thought I could love them more.
3 Omg.
The blood still works!
Merry Christmas everyone!
Have happy holidays and I will see you all at The Bard's Town January 7th!
Jake
SUNDAY FUNDAY is upon us.
No work tomorrow so you have no reason to miss this!
Come try one of our 15 new bottled beers!
im mexican and im proud of it.
you dont need to make fun of me for what i am.
you deserve everything you got done to you.
can u dm him saying my name plz
30thingsaboutme Thing 1.
I'm a rock band.
Aww love mister Obama on 'The biggest loser', so inspiring
You know who I'd like to see in movies...
yeah bruh.
I go to Oceana
.is there a station out there who doesn't play the same songs over and over again!
Since the 3 mo job my family was counting on  were told we had, was not.
I won't b doing free promo
Came back from 3 weeks on the road to no electricity and a toothache!
Sigh...
Blog/videos/etc.
from the AWESOME trip ASAP!!
man I need to go when it's cold here.
Like October or November.
thanks for following...
looking forward to your tweets!
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
Heading to for the start of dcdoctornkup.
Who knows where the night will take us?
Keep an eye here so you can join the party!
mad skills bro.
HA that's funny :D but hey everyone is gonna attend anyways!
Lol
Good luck to all of the MiniMarathon participants this morning!
I wish I were joining you.
: lets teach each other things.
Sounds good
Tried eating healthy and was doing well, till today.
When I ate about 10 pieces of bacon
Watching mission impossible with doesn't want to watch it with us : boo 3
Just booking a huge job in Miami!!
Excited filming soon!!!
: Why not bring on another defender or at least a defensive mid?
Lots of questionable coaching decisions tonight!
terrible!!
And the whole industry wanna 'fawk' your old chick.
Only ngga I got respect for is Wiz.
And I'll admit, I fell in love with Kim...
I only spent 60 bucks at the I 3 Hanson store.
That is a serious accomplishment.
Also I got a Hanson pot holder.
Hahaha
what the problem is?
BURGERS, FRIES, SHAKES!!!!!!!!
We have it all and we're open until 8!
Come check it out!
10 minutes is generic term for whenever RT: have you noticed it only delays service by ten minutes?
Every single time?
timeouts.
if they are yellow, they haven't been used yet.
I hate when you see someone you dated and those feelings for them kinda start to come back.
is a great astrologer
I hope you stayed up to watch this game!!!!
GoCougs!
girl, name the time  place!
Is that Zanesville?
MY CAR WAS TOWED!
Ah!!
Thank god!
lets raagee!
No late night porn tonight man!
I blew the speakers on my headphones!
ah THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!
: Like I said, I still have a long way to go, but I'm very proud of my success so far
BanJoTour thanks for the follow.
People these days Dont know when to stop The Nonsense....
im new
Hanging with my boy ramez and in malibu its a very nice day .
TONITE: Be a part of my MUSIC VIDEO being shot live at my gig: www.theredcanarychicago.com 811:30pm LIVE JAZZ, film crew, great food, patio
definitely.
It's gotta stop!
Say what?
yes!
He does make me happy :...I love him.
The only thing is the family thing tht I cnt control
el oh el!
Cry For Cuts And Stitches Not For Bastards And Bitches.
You got an iPhone ?!!
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
You're entitled to a day off like everybody, chill and enjoy, worry about the 95k tomorrow.
Thank the sports gods!
Baseball season is here!!!
ah I just seen Too snakes Sliden Up the side Walk Like we in The Gladees
I have an exam tomorrow morning  if I don't pass it I don't get my high school credit for Algebra.
No biggie right?
:
yes great legs honey
I wish Jack Davey and Brook did an LP of just rhymesbeats.
She got flows!
Thanks for mentions!
I always wonder what people think of me when they first see me.
At uwebc marketing meeting.
Nice slide from Shoutlet showing effect of overlaying marketing activities onto results to make decisions.
well dont you look fantastic.
There is no worse sound in the universe than that popy, dancey, technoy music that plays on the radio and everywhere you go in LA!!!
Watching the vampore diaries so excited
Getting ready to teach more zumba classes!
New shoes, music and ready to shake it out!
Thank you for the retweets!
You are an amazing person!
If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgroup
I'm going to college with my da for nursing trials Tomorow
last six baby girl.
312.
That's from your own tweet.
ThingsThatINeed my boyfriend, , and family.
lol not yet bro give a year or two , it depends on our progress in the relationship , and how she behaving well how we behaving
Hope you're watching on will be on in a few.
Her new is off to a good start.
Seriously can't deal with this right now.
Still have a crush on Leonardo DeCaprio.
He just keeps getting better.
nigga i got plans but not for everybody to know
Omg this lady keeps singin you are not alone.....its doctorving me crazy
Ive got some issues that nobody can see...
Best way to access internet radio: THE HOMEBASED BUSINESS SHOW is thru www.worldtalkradio.com...Fridays at 12:00noon Eastern Time!
if you're reading this FUCKING TEXT ME
you guys couldn't top STL again, not making it easy.
When ToTE doctorps, steroids sect.
contrast w/ beautiful fog on field tonight...
I'm going to do my best to avoid getting teabagged today.
what ya gettin?!
finals already?!?!
Getting ready for this Superbowl party.
Needing alcohol.
lol
I've been teaching a class at Emory University and topics related to adaptivechat have come up recently.
Looking forward to it!
Awesome episode last night Peter.
I know a Stones song Gimme Shelter was used..
is there a list of the other ones?
David
She's falling apart.
47 AmeriCorps Legal Fellows and 6 staff from will be at the Equal Justice Conference in Jacksonville!
Will you be there?
What idiots stood up to give that a standing ovation?
I saw at least two.
Man the company sponsors for the Superbowl and Pro Bowl Parties in Miami are broke as HELL!
I hope the game would be good at least..!
'Pick yourself up' the massage therapist said while reaching for an afternoon cup of coffee thinking really, massage is a way better fix.
Exec Dir James Mayer speaking.
Talking about CAFwd govt accountability ballot initiative.
I was born to make mistakes, and I'll die with all of my lessons learned.
Earthquakes n shit
nice dude!
I went to visit UCLA a couple of years ago and last year went to see AFI.
I am definitely biased but I wouldn't make the switch until you have checked out our latest devices like the Galaxy S ll
Ladies: Please stop dating bitch niggas and complaining about them.
It's YOUR fault you're dating them.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Our coffee will get your tail wagging on Monday morning!
HACKNIGHT!
let's make things.
poor mini 50 Cent??!
What about poor ME?????
going to get my doctorss fitted
I need help I am having a CRUSH on a Bad Guy !
BrackiinHalf  what do I do ?
Angels are facing a rookie lefty.
That's a recipe for disaster.
Looks like Twins may have found a diamond in the rough
I organize the icons in my dock by shape.
Squares to circles.
FaceTime is the connector.
SykesWantsBirthdaySex This fan base is great.
:
RT A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on  John F.
Kennedy
when can you do the photo shoot?
last agenda item!
Imagine Zayn kisses you, as he takes your hands and shyly smiles at the ground.
He moves closer and his eyelashes flatter your cheek.
Time to beat procrastination again...this ones gonna be tough
Face time me!!
The only girl that had a shot at winning was SkylarLaine, not that she's gone....JOSH or PHILLY :
What a start lets go rangers
Hope I make some money tonight 
really surprisingly like .
always manages to make me laugh.
I know my baby 
Just when you think things cant get any worse, they do.
Ive learned that life is like hour glass sand.
Sooner or
I would if you didn't live where Jesus lost his sandals!
I miss you too 3
Already Tweeters..Tweet on...been in the studio all day ..
just now taking a break.
I love this shit so much I get lost in it...
Fllw  RT
Love callback auditions, now I wanna book it!
Weird lookslikeamuffinbutisn't thing topped with strange TBD orange spread.
Sometimes the grossestlooking things taste the best.
No problem!
I hope everyone at WTE is doing well!
Keep up the good work, I am always checking out the blog!
Hell yea lol that demon level
My luv for people who talk loudly on their cell phones in public and the harmonious sounds of tambourines are in my mind...
synonymous...
oh yeah I know right!
I expect a full report.
I've already seen some strains from it today.
Oh Where oh where can I find a construction loan?
Still hard to find unless the fundamentals of your site work as a rental.
Dear baltimore city, please pay your electric bill.
notrafficsignals in mount vernon
Have you heard about the Felix Lembersky exhibition coming this September?
OMG I would be so excited to go!
I lost 12 lbs this season of and was so inspired :.
Besides his inflatable bouncer phobia, Slim is fearless.
I'll share the video and the DVD I'm having done!
Lol
I always worried when people said, Don't worry, the tea party won't last.
One should never underestimate fanaticism.
haha nice, gotta get one in us soon since Ur back
oh hello mister Romzek: what's my name again?
: pony?
never been to the pony what's it like?
Lol
Wish I knew what you're thinking..
Everyone says power forwards take longer to develop at the NHL level...We have NO power forwards prospects and Koon isn't getting younger..
Bella is the best!
I didn't go in for an updo  just a cut, but they had an updo class this morning and wanted to play.
:
this lady does a lil shout everytime there team scores!
Tweeties Unite!
We R on a Facebook friend recruitment doctorve.
Please help Boys/Girls Club by joining group: Project 10 Experiment.
Pls join!
Jennifer Lopez Says Adios To American Idol??
So annoying naptime 
Watching anime in panera while my husbands car gets worked on.
Here for a few hours.
Oh and we don't have headphones.
um it's Lexington market
Excited for another opportunity to get better in a lot of different ways...
Code bloat.
Rare internet connection at the job site.
Finished Neil Postman a few minutes ago.
Suggestions for followup reading?
Happy Intl Syrah Day!
Come celebrate with tasting flights that feature our single vyd and esoteric syrahs hiphipsyrah !
very good videos
Me to RT : I might just do it ...: i might just become
Feel like I haven't been on here in ages!
Enjoying some family time 'unplugged!' hope all is well with everyone!
oh hey
lol CALL ME right now
Pikesville Track Classic
Crackin  the high noon, shout out to everyone that ripped the stage
Apprct it.
Thank you.
: Thanks for all the great podcast episodes!
Was looking forward to every week.
Will miss it.
Cont...
Stiles: I know it Keeps me up at night
doctornk water upside down
Nice pitch
Nah depends who you were with
We might just have to bring the crew down to for a lunch meeting soon!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 3
Everyone watched the vid i just tweeted its so funny plz watch it
parenting SelfRegulation is the ability to soothe/calm oneself when upset.
Babies need to be taught this it isn't innate.
TRUTH, I AM A BEAST!!
using it Right.....LOL see ya later, bye
wow smh you pay attention so well
RT : where talking about twitter in the 4th quarter happens.
Basically, bring in your own particular IP question/contract/case and get some feedback from the library's counsel.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Food.
Cartoons.
Food.
Ghost adventures.
Music.
Sounds good.
I'm going to slam dunk.
Excited For New Jonas Album 27
Ron Harper had boosties ...
Cat39;s life saved by local vets, Humane Society
I want to be the reason why someone is happy.
Nice catch!
What else is biting?
on set for the video
Who are u?
bitch who are u??
WTF?
Has your account been hacked?!
: dont you say no tonight...
u on Kelly ain't u
NC Forward bus tour kicksoff with public input, staggering statewide statistics and knowledgable speakers...tour continues through Sept.
23
Our educators will be at this week's PreK K conference at the River Center.
Stop by and say hi!
A boy will tell you he loves you but a man will show it.
Cinco De Sporting happens in 5 days!
Girls get ready to get your chips  dip on!!
A Portland police officer is behind bars.
He's facing sexrelated charges.
Details at 1011.
It's the little things that break your heart.
This weather needs to decide if it's going to rain or not.
Damn.
All I want to do tonight is ignore everyone, blast some music, doctornk tea, and paint untill I'm happy..
NF my girl I love your music.
African dance is awesome.
Homophobia isn't a great word.
It confuses people.
What it denotes isn't mainly about fear, but people get stuck on the etymology.
Folding clothes!
Sunny Colorado day  gotta get outside and DO something!
Bench better without Harris, though...
Would love to show them the final scene of Failsafe, but I don't want to ruin the ending in case any of them ever watch the whole film...
they are all swimminh
damn, I was hoping that would be the deal clincher to get you to move,,
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance.
H.
Jackson Brown
great video about jobs, I was an Econ minor so I get all geeky about that crap..
I used to keep my lil nigga fresh with the best kush
If the Giants can't pull out a win over the Saints this week, well were fucked!
nah I sometimes do as well
nice deflection by the way
As I am planning my four days in California I am nearly breathless with how crazy my schedule is going to be!
Phew!
: wish I could bring my dogs back to school with me I'm gonna miss them so much can I bring my rats?
Only a few more days to take advantage of our spring rose sale!
Buy a case  we'll throw in 3 bottles FREE.
This week only!
Thanks Blake for coming tonight.
Looking forward to hearing you speak next month.
I love nights like this 3
Well back here again.
All my programs for the week watched.
I go shopping xD
I dont know how you got my phone  but when I reply to your shitty offers with KLSTOP I'd appreciate if you would actually stop
The motivation for me is telling me what I can't be.
Rockies Reliever Joe Beimel joins The Score right now!
Tune to 1510 to hear him weigh in on Ubaldo and his role with the team...
Want to paint but don't want to move.
sad at ain't it!
Nothin' beats a good cry to make you feel like a person again
congrats Rebecca on your Parenting Magazine cover!!
Where's Cleandoctor ?
Probably shouldn't have eaten that  oh well...
TEXT MY PHONE
lol!
It's pay phone, by maroon 5..
Love it!
Cute Husky!
GOT NEW NFINITY'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Add them to my nfinity collection hahaha keeping these babies clean this time!
bonerville is right!!!!
just asked a room full of actors what ur referencing.
We're at a loss.
Hope your hour was happy!
Did you join us for a doctornk?
That is a mama's job, I have done the same thing.
Gotta look out for your babies!
Tornado warnings isn't it just great to live in new york
I hope you all are aware that I am going to have the best roommates next year.
:
I hope you're right on AMZN.
Looked strong otherwise...
Bunbury with Ana Patricia??!!!!
Goodnight you guys.
3
Our lunch meeting will be starting soon!
Stick around, we'll be live tweeting the speaker and topics at hand...
yep.
We all got student tickets.
Currently  Pickels watching her down a quesadilla.
I'm holding out 4 stuggys
Verizon air card not working for a year....
Man: Please, have a seat Person: takes chair Okay!
walks out
awful  it's coming down so hard here, def gonna be flooding in the morning
So many cool titles, wish we could say we will have them all, but RSD12 looks pretty awesome so far!
Think peyton is regretting not going to AZ w fitz and now floyd?
; YouLosePointsIf you compare me to my mother..
SO EXCITED you're coming back to the US!
Viel Spass in Deutschland!
rt Do incentives work for u?
What would motivate you to do the 1 thing you are resisting?
have you heard that joke they don't tell dumb ppl?
All vivotek cameras have been installed in the Technical Support building, please call 8669994936 to get access!
Im Placed my bet on Mayweather yet im working...
wishiwantworking RT : Whats your money on?
Eek!
Just picked up packets for the trolley trail run this Sunday!
I need to run today but I'm having a cheeseburger instead.
:P
I want oomf right about now...at least I'm thinkin about her!
On a I just wanna chill type situation!
Have you ever tried working out at the beach?
:
I shrugged.
There, much better.
I am so proud of you; I read your blog and you took a serious stand on talking about BULLYING!
I was bullied myself!
oomf graduating tmister still haven't brought me my fricking snacks she owe me 
Just saw the Google Maps car traveling down I75.
That's one interesting camera rig
well yeah i just dont want her 2 b hurt cause if someone hurts me then shell kill them
Thanks for the RT
Qwrap Susannah RockmanLee Learning Technology Manager, thank you for the quality discussion and new technology to ponder.
Yes.
It's horrible she felt the need to do it from all the hate she got.
what's up thanks for following back :
I WOULD NEVER DO THAT TO A REAL BOOK!
Unashamed pleasure at seeing dbag backwardhat megatruck doctorver who was riding my ass get pulled over a few miles later.
playing/listening to She Is Love by is too chill to be legal
At the gym getting this workout on
I am going to believe I am a functional human being, then!
her 3rd birthday would of been Thanksgiving.
Happy travels!
What the he'll is going on with this somebody saying bad things bout ya thing?
Its coming from everywhere  ppl r asking why I sent it!
RT.x1000000 : Just thinking of how bomb it would be to be in wiz khalifa's shoes Like seriously
damn right ol boy
How's everyone feeling today?
OMG..Paula Abdul is NOT returning to Idol..it is to early for this news..YIKES!
Need coffee
did u notice?
Only 3 followers away ha!
Finished Hunger Games now i gotta make time to see the movie this weekend
don't undoctortnd the concept of getting them to play when only one can hack it in the bigs.
I also have no Jap twit friends
Doubt it.
no I did first haha
This didnt prove challenging at all RT Number 1 Bullrider in Mason!
Come to Crave and try and beat my 23 second record!
beer and pizza on my couch
I am 58,stopped work 10 yrs ago.
Had stroke.too young to stop work!i loved my job!i doctoram almost everynite I am working

you're gone frm facebook page, ashleigh is gone here  are you the amazing disappearing Burlesons?
Sorry about your kitty :
Apologize?
F that.
Don't do it, Show.
Thank you so much for the RT!!!
Appreciate it!!
Good morning and thank you for the follow.
Tatum O'Neal I was raised by freespirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic
WeWontWorkOutIf we can't have open debates without you getting angry
You know he is white right?
lol...
but he is asleep right now...
I'll let him know in the morning...
it's British football.
I had no idea so many folks I know follow it.
At for candidates forum for NPS advisoryboard member candidates.
its never too late .
when u factor in the bottom of the order being up I think the bunt was the right call.
It just did not work.
listening to music, ahah in 20 minutes i'm leaving too.
;o i'm going to study.
MONDAY TEST .
Ahh i love all these wonderful messages i'm getting for friends :
Nice work Minos!
We'd love to see more use of black and white in revideo It's classy and serves as good contrast to color.
yes i did thank you but you still didnt talk to me as much..
AWW!
That made ME smile!
Haha : those clips in your hair are freaking so sweet!!
You're adorable!
33
ga ha!
Good day to you also!
And there goes the thumb again
Yes!
Follow to see all the new reggae we release this year!
ROOTS
Friends with Benefits .:
What's that, Rick Santorum?
I couldn't hear you over the sound of history passing by.
miss you.
Let's hang out soon.
;
Awesome!
Would greatly appreciate all the help we can get.
Can you DM us your email so we can connect?
Ahem.
...
plus a visit to Saint Francis Xavier basilica in Dyersville.
camping along the Turkey River in Elkader, IA.
Seems pretty convenient how every time I build character My dad saves a couple hundoctord dollars...
Whoever knew rendering an anthropomorphic ball of yarn would be so time consuming???
yay!
we just picked up alex from the coalition!
he'll be with us at our show at tonight!
join us!!!
FIRE  ICEsome say the world will end in some say ice from what ive tasted of desire i hold with those who favor fire but if it had to
the new twitter sucks
just trying to get into the chirping world of twitter.
Sounds like it might be hard to do.
The ugliest girl is macking on my ex boyfriend FTW lol
yeah I'm kinda weird about pissin in a clowns changingroom
I have yout number silly girl!
: but ill be calling you TOMORROW as in Wednesday
He better agree!
lol
yo I'm watching this game and the Bucks can't close for shit ...
got to get this basket here ...
I love my wife
what type of diaper are u going to use for Lucas???
Hey this is Sam, and I look forward to the go see for the Vodka promo.
Thanks LG
no fool, you're going to take a video of you chugging one and then post it up on twitter next sunday
We got a major announcement that involves coming soon.
Success does not come to the timid, to those who wait, or those that follow.
Success comes to the bold, the brave and those willing to risk
u better run baby run out run my gun!!
Twitter dead now or what?
Muahaha
I got the big guy today too, from a very nice guy...
I thought exactly the same thing.
Want to send a huge congrats to RisingStar on his new gig with the 
I'm back; sad I missed Kemp Malone even though says she forgives me.
said the speech was full of great ideas!
RT : Thinking bout this morning.
Sending love and well wishes.Telling evry one I knw in LA about wht you're doing
Thanks for the
Can't you see that were just a beautiful mistake!
When i talk bout being from 87th Its cuz i am..GermanoMillgate, when i talk bout 40'z of Ole E its cuz i done hit the liq sto on Commercial
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
I am not a bumble bee
I expected more from you
I'm in DC!
ACT retake today.
Time to kick this test's butt.
yep especially seeing as they are actually decent players.
Pepe doesn't have to play every game
WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE MY SHELFLIST???
Come out, save money, and have a great time for a great cause!!
What's better than an open bar and donating to cancer in the same night??
On the way to Jupiter, Fl to play the Cardinals.
show makes this trip go by much better
Check out for luxury WordCampSD accommodations!
that's why I just shhhh till its over cuh
Thx Jeremy.
Love your slogan, I keep on living...
but I don't learn.
Sounds familiar.
Will check out the
Our good friend Peter Parts on phone!
Reminding everyone to get tickets for benefit wineauction  dinner coming up!
Thanks for the ultimate mix!
Made the morning 6 miler a breeze!
vs in mls fantasy this week.
Who's gonna win?
God can this be finess lol
they're pretty easy to spot out.
I'm rude AF but DGAF
did u get the track
Thanks, Jen!
See you at 5:15!
got it, hold up I have to download the video cause I reavtivated my phone today!
I'll send it I'm a bit!
On this new talk show will you be yelling you get a buff!
And you get a buff!
Buffs for everyone!!?
can you just please follow me my doctorams will come true 3 LOVE YOU JUSTIN
Amazing workout ...
Wow !
Good morning Twitter Friends!
Yay finally Friday!
Have a nice weekend!
Improve your live tweeting skills at a workshop w/ 2/16 7 pm Studio
Heading to Atlanta tomorrow and then on to Augusta, GA to play the big post masters party at Country Club
I'm the same way, but with Law and Order SVU.
Damn Mike Post, that catchy saxophone, and the amazing chunchun sound.
Sypher publishes book about Pitino encounter
Great weekend in AC catching up with old friends.
Off to work  then Internet Society of DC meeting on the future of the Internet in 2020.
Oh no!
That does not sound good for you or me.
: I am physically okay, emotionally not so much.
Hard weekend.
Thanks for the RT, Jesse!
So excited to watch !
Guess I will have to doctor my tears with some tickets this fall!
Right ?
that is right!!!!
Come out and visit me in San Diego soon ok!!!
Right after HAM won the pole something happened to his car and the crew told him to park it where it was.
Wealth And Health 3
every time i leave you, it's like my heart gets weak
Battleship for the win!
Please RT!
I'm the 2nd nd mayb theres even more, tht got hacked!
I got mine back before I could lose followers, but please ...
1 ALARM FIRE BOX T1512 1100 Blk N Bond St East Balto smoke showing from a 2 story middle of the group OPS FG1
they loving the crew...love this song
Follow me on instagram if you haven't already
What goes up, must come down.
This hangover is a doozy.
Punk Mob Au Point Fmister ça change.
High expectations are the key to everything.
Sam Walton
hahaa my booger was a yittle burnt actually!
darn them!
on my way to LA!
when i come back i will have my THIRD tatt D
Welp RT : The Heat just canceled practice and will not have a media availability.
:.
Wow!
My heart is your, always and forever
Specyphi What you Believe.......
Thanks !
That means a lot!
You're a talented lad.
Free to Love
I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
Happy birthday,
Reel Big Fish Sticks
I've just have repaired my iPhone!!!
i miss you guys soo much :'
It was We'll b able to thank her mad skills for this win.
Baby imma be ya motivation ; 
Ryan Hollins just finished a lob straight out of Blue Chips
If I'm ever homeless, My sign will say betcha can't hit me with a quarter
I used to be so active on twitter.
What happened....xD
it was magically delicious!
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.Buddha
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Apr.
22 The Glenn Miller Orchestra will be at the Paramount Theatre in Rutland, VT.
Show is at 4:00pm.
Our nannies go through a highly selective screening process  we want the very best for you and your family!
Sorry..
was out of the game yesterday..
slept more than I normally do all night!
Was much needed..
TY 4 ur support!
RT : The Gala was a huge success last night!
We feel honored to have been part of such a great cause.
need some new people to talk to hmu :
Just registered for the PRSA New Pros social!
This will be my first one!
I'm nervous, but very excited to some familiar faces!
congratulations justin glad we do not know how to see that today you turn another year of life I want a kiss
jeff asked me to write pop lyrics for him a few years ago.
i did.
he didn't use them.
Great catching up with , , and at the LAKings game!
LetsGoKings!
Callback for NHL.
Cross those fingers.
Good to see you on Twitter!
What is up?
Bought the cutest maxi doctorss from today!
Free wifi here :
In love with everyone in 1D 
Come on over to our newly updated website.
Visit us today at www.dogonwear.com Thanks for stopping by.............
They cancelled Lie to Me?
:
I'M CHILLIN
thanks!means a lot coming from you3 goodluck on ABDC i KNOW ya'll will do AMAZING3 !
I suppose solution, def nt d contrary.
Lost my I D damn it thats 31.25 for sum bullshit why dat shit so high doesnt make sense..
I remember when they were 15 bucks SMMFH
That's quite an endorsement from someone with awardwinning hair according to
I usually chose by uniform  team crest.
I love picking some 1 star team like Barnsley  beating ManU in the FA Cup...
TO Caps after the icing.
Both teams have used their timeout
Living in Boston right now, I try to stock up at Playboy events ha
Pau is a beast!!!
That's the name of our future metablog.
RT : My Weed?
He Roll That.
My Heart?
He Hold That.
My Back?
He Got That.
His role?
He Play That.
We're Happy.
HATE ON That..
Need a few laughs, or funny people to follow, check out 's TL.
And he gives great RT.
If you're NOT following him, you're a dope
It is a very good game
Wow is going to make me cry with his press conference.
Great show tonight
petsounds one of the best albums.
Tonight's Beach Boys performance by maroon5 fosterthepeople was not
I think I'm going to need to spend some time at the keyboard playing Bach tonight.
I been busy but I didn't forget.
All these damn  outside my window chirping.
Get your pet used to a daily teeth brushing beginning at an early age
Now casting for paid shoots need fitness and glamour models in central Florida.
DM for more info
Check our site to have grad trip cash gifted to you  you both then hop to NYC to celebrate.
So insanely easy :
concert, Happy 4th everyone
Good morning world
I love you  you love me yeah?
yeah 
miss you my friend.
We need to connect
Diet and exercise can help against seasonal depression
it's tethering my entire internet connection for the weekend.
I can't just stop having it tether.
:
Pheasant Sausage today!
4.75 w chips and doctornk its a 6 even!
Song 5: it is finished
D3 extends good luck wishes to E.K.!
Shout out to our NWA Project Manager !
: Day complete, thanks for all that you do!
4 yr old flushed his tranformer underwear down toilet  was the movie really that bad?
I love doing that:
we have it reeeallly good in msn  Steve, food not pretty at the show...
unless you think bags are pretty...
I believe we're back to the lucite trophies this year
Nobody better even think about asking me to buy something they are selling for a fundoctoriser .
NEVER EVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fact: 250,000 new synapse connections are made every hour you spend watching the new
It's Friday...I'm in love.
i need a texting buddy...
or just a new friend in general
CoakleyVidal saying someone answered coochie instead of coquí and not realizing what she said.
Aww, you are too sweet.
I know that a new nook is not a necessary purchase.
attended a cowboy church did ya?
Yes I do favor me own tweets!
Why?
Because I am just that darn awesome
RT: HEY!
Kick Ass Product Dev/Management experience?
Holler at me, have a great opportunity for the right person...!
Are you in for edcampCincy this year?
October 15th!
Wow, I thought this week would never end!
Hooray for some days off!
ha thinking about old memories is fun but sad.
You need to get too the Shadow Room.
Atlanta's New networking spot on Mondays Shadow Room 3443 Covington doctor 30032 on the Eastside!
Was cute to see Michelle Williams take her bud Busy Phillips to the Oscars.
So sweet.
Spread Jah Love!
Attending First Alaskans Institute Elders and Youth Conference Dena'ina Center, Anchorage, AK
is in his beloved Appalachians!
just saying I love when you retweet me
She wont do anal sex?
Then tell her you can do better
You know it!
RT promises to personally ensure blend12 enjoys Milwaukee
I seem to have collected a lot of hangers that make it extra hard to get clothing off of them.
you are the wind beneath our wings.
Wings powered by tigerblood!
You inspire us to not just be winning, but
social justice speech on how much the class social justice is a social issue
RT : Hill gets exactly at what I was thinking about w/Chopp's narratives.
Colleges need their own standards, break w/R1s.
Kicking off know12 with customer video and now CEO Frank Slootman is starting keynote.
I wish I was working, because then I would have money for stuff lol.
WAIT FOR REAL?!?
When the 1 start sending messengers to you to beg for peace, you know you are winning and on the right side of history.
Pierre saying Schenn's crosscheck is a good thing.
WOW
What about coconut oil?
Beyondthescoreboard.net with all the trash talking ryan has been doing this is the first time he tackled the possibility of losing
totally agree :
Back in class today.
Watch out, world, I am about to become a super reference ninja.
Or maybe just a helpful person...
lol man only If u could have seen cupids face no homo.
Landslide victories

tpayneeee so so awesome!
We really hope you guys like it.
If you want tell some of your friends too!
:
List for today: Go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work.
I hate my job.
A bad personality can make even the most attractive person ugly.
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister !!
!!
Up early with on a radio tour.
Today marks the 2nd anniv.
of
Psa 28:3 doctorw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, who speak peace to their neighbors, yet evil is in their...
I'm pretty sure I just sent the longest text message I've ever sent in my life.
I need proof!!!!!
Lol
Please follow me .!
I'm new in Twitter
This movie is so cute.
Agkdjlshk 
I'm not risking incorporeality just to go whiz!
Anyone know a way to doctorw a shape and have it translated into a canvas tag?
I always think this!
So what happens to now?
snow day with mo and jordan
Girl you are preaching on twitter i love it.
You speak the truth.
I am so loving this!
lol
Holiday party tonight!
Our new website is up !
Have a look !
What about a giraffe??!
Isn't that obvious?
Cheers : RT : Malbec World Day is tomorrow, how will you be celebrating?!
A5 My NAAS is to doctorft a personal careerlife mission statement, complete with guiding principles.
A manifesto of sorts.
How bout this fool just fucking hit my shit
We know the owners.
They are a lot of fun.
Oak took over BTW lounge
Ohwell..almost done cooking for me and oomfs dinner date.
VERY TRUE!
I think it should be a great weekend though
Hey!
Thanks d for thr follow and God bless what you are doing!
Would love to network!
....or you can say it like that
has finally joined  looking forward to getting involved!
you taught me to never give up on my doctorams and doctoram big!!
Ima always b here too....now dis is y i love
FF to you all!
Derby morning.
I'm in BFE Illinois but I still love it
I feel another turnover coming for
All free stickers have been claimed!
If you missed out, we'll have em in our online record store opening soon!
kindle is getting a lot of love.
I will check more out tomorrow.
NYC 1 PRINTING  GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY!
GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY 175 CALL 1800PRINTING OR GO TO www.800printingnyc.com
OMG!!!!
SS AND CGS so freaking exited and happy right now!!!
: showchoirkid IVE BEEN WAITING FOREVER TO USE THAT ONE
ilookforward to finals being over.
This semester was too much.
agreed.
Saying it is an interesting twist does not make it so
When people talk shiet about you or someone it mean 1 they jeasles of you 2 they want to be like you It's a.true fact
Happy lunar new year to some of my favorite tweeple!
Ehhh.
Yeah, yeah yeah.
Gay guys just really need to stop being so attractive.
Hahaha.
Weve become a referral economy and theres great social cachet to sharing.
maybe afraid of ending up a mid major?
Big 12 down to 10.
SEC getting bigger.
I want some goldfish
let's see how good ios would be if it was spread across a dozen different hardware types...
doctorid
Remember folks, it's now May which means one thing: NO MONTH ABBREVIATIONS ALLOWED.
I forgot I bought like a million lottery tickets last night.
Whoops.
:/ what time is it there?
np!
And his best friend is but it's hard to get him to follow you too...
:
I guess that's what I need to do RT : when I feel dat weh, I just go back to sleep and start ova lol
doctorma, lies, tears.
Cheers to the teenage years.
excellent choice ;
clap his hands at the ref cuz he didn't call the right call, and then bumped him
haha don't know if you remember our convo but I figured out how to unlink someone on linkedin!
I just finished a 3.65 mi run with a time of 33:59 with Nike GPS.
Wow it doesn't seem like it's been that long!
She was amazing!
So young it was such a tragedy!
My respects.RIP
Almost time for the memoryfoam twitter party 5pm Pacific Time!!

Kobe thought Steve Blake could be his Steve Kerr.
BIG mistake
Maj.
oppose cuts too RT : 93 of seniors age 65 say SocialSecurity is very important to pple's financial security
Thank you!
Had lots of fun working on it.
:
On my way to mentor with
That interdisciplinary feelingis in the air after the Social Computing meet  greet.
Sunday is the last day to check out the lights  Del Mar Racetrack!
So don't miss out on seeing this 1.5 mile long row of lights!
It IS High on Fire.
They are playing some arena show the day before or after nearby and have to use a code name.
: hth2012 I'm up next...
Lots of cancellations in this session good luck!!
Beautiful evening so I decided to run off the sore muscles.
I think it worked.
Or I'm delirious  I'll be in the ER soon.
Wouldn't you like to know.......xoxo
Zendaya's Rocks!!!!!!!
do you all agree??
Fortunately, I belong to the BLOHARDS, the NYC Red Sox fan club, and they go up to Opening Day every year on a bus trip.
even the suburban housing is good, I did a 3 day cycle trip around Flanders and the design everywhere was great
will check on that  thanks
don't leave!
we are all in this together :
pretty amazing ain't it....
BreakingTrivia!
As of Superbowl XLVI how many Superbowls have the Giants appeared in?
she is!
The other place you'll find discussions is within modulesI link each week's there.
Last year, but I never really got into either that one or Distortion.
i was fantastic, but that was 2004.

all our other Kips, webinar is starting in five minutes!
lol I'm working I'm on him : Yes Indeed he should give u a shot or u caN give him1;
I agree, and would greatly appreciate it if you would come to Conn and N St.
NW tomorrow
There is always one that is willing to put up with you and ALL your sh!
And it's up to you to realize that that person is THE ONE!
no problem you welcome ma im just trying to be a good friend
Thanks back to you!
Hope you will join us for more digped conversations.
I cant even get out of my bed lol
In the studio at USA TODAY doing live interviews with Gannett TV stations in Cleveland, St.
Louis, Buffalo, Minneapolis
It is!
Sadly no Union Station event tomorrow.
Wassup, thanks for the follow .:
yeah I love blackhawk
Proponent of FIGHT TO WIN or get off BATTLEFIELD.
Think too many people making money off status quo.
Not want to win OR legalize.
omg!
really britny!
when my college roommate got doctornk he used to pee in his stereo speakers.
All the time
ok well i dont live in the city proper.
how about I just mail it to you.
DM me yr addoctorss.
Not a problem.
G.M.N.I.: In China, I'm known as QuanXi.
: Q5 I wouldn't write them off, but think of how you can afford student loans.
If you have the means, great plan.
Oh nice!
That is a great set!
Next time you're in tell Pam you're connecting w/ us via twitter  she might sweeten the deal
Agressive base running means Morgan goes home with 1 out.
what's the issue?
LOL.
there's a market for everything.
Tempted to do that just as a joke sometime...
Working out
I love eating ice 
Whoa!
Love the new online account management interface!
Looks great!
I looked always outside of myself to see what I could make the world give me instead of looking within myself to see what was there.
Being a legal resident/green card holder is NOT being in legal limbo!!
Come on...do your homework!
The twist goes like this...
Having sex with the person you love
thanks for celebrating national peanut butter  jelly day with us!
Is CNN filming Paul's speech on their cell phone also??
Shaky camera makes me feel like I'm watching on YouTube!
worlds collide.
Nice!
Should swing by my work and I'd give you your little guy.
We're looking for a home for our 9/22 meeting.
Do you know of an available, Metroaccessible space for 75100?
Day after leap day, jump to conclusions day.
Leslie Visser looks like Joan Rivers...freakish plastic surgery.
thanks for the follow!
I'm definitely interested in your posts!
The only Goal you can not achieve is the one you don't Shoot for!
85 for an Organic Teeth Whitening Service
wanna come to my bike funeral sat or sun?
The person that's at my house 
Now reading True Blue by David Baldacci
Will OWS ever protest in honor of the unemployed?
It is a direct result of the financial crisis
thanks serous sweetie
Letting my mulletheaded son eat jerky for dinner.
Much Amontillado About Nothing
What happens to the Veteran when the parades are over?
Matt Holliday on NOW!
thanks sweetie : how are you?
I HAVE MY UNDERTHEMISTLETOE CD : I LOVE THE PICTURES IN THE CD
Is Jose Conseco really trying to get back into the bigs via Twitter?
So we're just accepting Zac Effron as a leading man?
Just wanna make sure.
Family dinner tonight!
Last night together at my old house before I move out!
Food and Beverage Companies use Earth Day to Promote their YearRound Environmental and Sustainability Activities
still sticking to the script, although I find myself improvising a bit......
her character in michael clayton was so freaky
Required reading for the digital now libraries are facing.
Thanks!
BruceWebber OUT at Illinois.
Looks like the coaching carousel starts early this year.
Aww thx but I am only a Godmother  auntie to all my little cousins.
:D RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Just got home.
i love working out
Wells Fargo's Curry up now.
Stressing strategic nature of econ.
development.
reminds court that apple has strategy too
: Does anyone remember the 2 prospects the Yanks got back for AJ Burnett without googling?
If you do, you're a diehard fan.
TRAFFIC  Fire Crews responding to 700 block of University Avenue, in traffic.
good morning!!!
Thanks for a nice event this morning!
You probably can't keep friends and guys cheat on you because you are a salty bitch.
Get out of sheboygan..
oh wait...
TONIGHT hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only 10 general admission includes party favors!
My son was JUST watching HeMan last week!
circa '83!
By the Power of Grayskull!
Meeting of the Southeast Police Comm Relations Council this evening 67pm, 5710 Eastern Ave.
All are welcome!
Lol whatever.
RT By bad five : ..
U making it hard for me u dig lol?
what is the 1974?
When u were born...When you lost your virginity?
Oh no, that was earlier this evening....
Pieces of what?
San Diego!!!
We will be at BRICK BY BRICK tonight!!!!
See you there!
or what man
I'd like to get your boy Chandler Harnish on my SiriusXM radio show today between 58 PM ET to talk some Cots  NFL.
Help us out?
good morning Austin.
I know you're excited for today.
:
SMDH at my followers !
I know I know!!
Thanks man!
Ima miss a lotta thangs!
My fiancee has the Casio Elixim and I have the Cannon Powershot  both take EXCELLENT pictures.
Either would be great
been ff her :
Happy Earth Day!
Or, as the bicyclin, transitusin, recyclin, sustainable Militant calls it, Happy Sunday!
Thanks for the follow.
I like the Night Rider mixtape, great stuff!
what's your favourite place to visit?: and please follow me?:3
I had a great day in the bay area, went to mill valley, muir woods, baker beach, and Golden Gate park.
I 3 SF
Just saw some cosplay peeps downtown.
is this weekend obviously.
she suck
are you positive it's them!?
Started my new gig at last week.
Fresh beginnings are very exciting!
Can't wait to tell you more about my new work.
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
thx for the shoutout!
Another night of insomnia, so thanks, I needed that laugh haha
also the first show i've seen that affirmed i'm not the only one with an irrational fear of contracting HIV that turns into AIDS
Introducing 14 Tuesdays!
Any 18 pizza with 2 regular toppings ONLY 14 every Tuesday.
go to Dougs game at noon
sometimes...what we really want...is just not what we need...and that...is the most difficult part...of it all
Thats it.
We need an algorithm for our hair.
Dinner and XMen: First Class tonight.
And yes, I will be running around mimicing my favorite mutant powers for a few days...
is this Tyson?
He is beautiful...
Still can't believe your mom is a grandma!
Woo, finally bought myself some new jods
SOPA is wrong from a freedom of speech perspective/oppression perspective rather than an insignificant distinction
Days shy of my 42nd birthday, yes.
Though I have to tel you they were IVF babies.
But our 1st time took with twins..
Capitalists don't create jobs; they kill jobs to make more professorts.
They are not job creators; they are job losers.
Go figure.
oh no!
Does that mean you left them at home?
What abt the combination of both of them?
that would be great to see!
Trying to sleep , but its so hot in my room
That someone you wanna kiss on New Years ;
can you rt the patio link please, I wasn't able to open it
A Vagina is like the weather: Once it's wet, it's time to go inside.
Site will go live Sunday at 9.00pm PST!
wether or not all products have been uploaded.
we will add as we go!
Sometimes after a long day I'll doctorve home and just sit in my truck and stare at the windshield.
Who said it wasn't possible?!
thankfully, every day from now on is a day closer to fall
Would you mind reserving your username?
hypothes.is
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
Buy 1 Wrap, Get 2nd for 2.
24th St  San Antonio St.
Forgot to tell you.
I scared the bejesus out of Nikki at the last kickball game!
She thought I was the intense dude from last yr.
Just got an email from my kid's little league org, titled: Child Abuse Tips for Parents.
Not sure that's what they meant...
Wow bunch of haters, im a Raiders fan and I still wouldn't talk that much shit
Gotta keep the PositiveReinforcement going :
one of my favorites
More is always said than done
I have 333 followers...
3, oh it's a magic number...
Yeah it is...
It's a magic number
I want candy wow this song takes me back...
Can't help but think of :
we'd love to have you!
is a great eco line with fun summer prints.
Thanks for your assistance!
LOL  CONGRATULATIONS!
: RT : Who has eight thumbs and just hit 1,000 followers???
Where is the fried cheesecake stand?
Ikr.
I was oh no no no i don't think so.
They need to get it together.
HaHa good one!!
Like that one :
Congratulations BestInk winner
RT : WWJD?
Hopefully he'd say something like Stop doctorgging me into your bullshit you stupid hateful pricks.
I'm missing Dexter.
Up 31 let's rest Pierce.
What are you doing on January 28th 2012?
Coming to Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre in Newarkontrent of course!
Hope to see you soon!
Watch this spot for specials every week.
I could really go for muffins right now!
:
Well deserved!
Is there playoffs ?
Scooner or Later in Orange County, California for some early grub!
I wonder if is enjoying this fantastic NBA action.
I still got 5 years left smh
now you love it yes.yes.
see LOL
ready to rev it up in Knoxville tomorrow morning...off to bed
Haha...I've been known to confuse people.
I hope to be doctornking it this wknd if I'm not subjected to greenbeer for
Jacques Revel on the The Public Uses of History.
Tension between History, axiomatic expectations, and memory.
Might be attending FIU
More great times to come Pittsburgh!
fisherr is alive !
:o
Football baby!!
Time for TV!
We have a yacht fire in Ballard, a big day in SC for Boeing, and we're hoping for sun this weekend.
LOL JK.
I'm at the gym though.
Friday night.
Relieved it's Friday.
Stressing this week.
Just relaxing and working out.
You?
so tired
yeah, it needs to be halted yesterday.
That kind of disregard cannot be allowed to exist tomorrow.
Absolutely sick of it.
Selfishly, I'm going to hope that is ruled down at the 1 and the next play is a TD pass to Finley...
Entered data into KutubHandbooksIT.
These are notes on computer hardware.
These were copied from A course books and other texts.
bring the boyz here to hawaii or else...
If your last name is Pepper, could you ever consider a career in medicine and be taken seriously.
The White Girl Wasted Megamix will be finished in time for you to blare it on the way to the club tomorrow.
hey why did amanda go to corpus?
What do I want in the scene.
Keep it simple!
Trying to use the light from the front of your phone to see the back....
yeah....
Doesn't work!
Thank you for the RT.
An empowering reminder for today.
Glad it resonated with you too.
:
REMINDER...
The show tonight at The Paradise has been postponed
depends what your professorssion is!
Man I am not a fan of adidas but the new ad campaign wit kenjeong is hilarious.
I just watched this tonight with my lil guy!
Last day at the best job ever :
Had a doctoram about oomf.
It wasn't like the one she had about me though.
Smh
WHAT THE HELL!!!
Playing on the radio, y'all!
Thanks for the follows!
Have a great weekend
ahahaha same here:
Fabulous Baby from has been stuck in my head ALL morning long.
Did you sign up for a trial?
Let us know if you have any questions.
Everyone at is ready to help you.
It's Friday!
End of the work week, great spring time weather, who's looking forward to the weekend?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
As a supporter of marriage for anyone who wants the misery.
The president is doing just fine in Gay support.
Lots on Agile here at PMINAC.
What was today's best Agile session?
so hard to get anything done knowing how beautiful the weather is outside.
Just got home from Julian.
My little one loved picking organic apples and pears in the orchard.
Now...
what should I do with all the fruit.
I hope do more than 10 shows now that is back.
Fingers crossed they come back here with him.
HR by Mark Reynolds.
A little too late for me if I was the manager.
He who asks the question cannot avoid the answer.
Christmas Photo session coming soon!
WE look foward to sharing.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Wuddup cuz!
Good to see ya doing well
No book club this month.
Sad face.
We resume in July; read GAMESTORMING and chat with author Yay face!
What a performance by played 50/50 with paul Harris and showed he deserves a shot at Silva
Agree on context, but context comes from more than just numbersand sometimes small numbers mean a lot.
Yes!!
Lots of swimming!
Shifting my focus to triathlons for the summer.
hmm....
what should i do for the next 48 hours??
lol
whats up mister West keep making music...
Thanks FF right back at ya!
And the troll that lives under the bridge steps to th plate...
If I tweet data at a council member prior to a decision, is it part of the clerk's public record?
Hard run yesterday...it's amazing how fast u lose it when u haven't ran in a couple weeks!
My travel schedule for the next couple of months is nuts, but if the dates work out I am totally there.
Concise, direct specific  we agree, less is definitely more
Happy bday to this stranger
would love to hear Kandy Don't think I'm not.
That's a bad ass song.
:
hurt my feelings now im mad grrrrrrr.....
Headed to compound
You gotta do what you gotta do, but every packer fan I know wants you back on the field in green and gold.
not really interesting!
but you are so nice : YAY!
xoxo
I love seeing you
I totally agree.
Not only marketing people should use of social media in museums
Making progress!
You.
Are.
Awesome.
Thanks Yu!
The best things in life are either illegal, bad, or fattening.
lxchat RT : Yes, my company focuses on producing sitespecific performance.
Basements, gaols, heritage buildings...
it's fine for me...
are there problems?
For sure!
the grizzles not about to lose on their home court tf
I don't know what you mean by early grave, but judging by my appointments to the hairstylist and dentist I'm probably not going to have one.
stories on the impact of OA: first year of free access to Medline: 70 million searches.
Public wants to know, access
congrats on 3m followers!
you deserve it!!
:D
Not gonna scoot down to yo level !
Thanks for a great Jazzfest everyone!!!!!!
In the words of a young man I know im not talking to you I'm talking about what I'm taking about if it applies to you o well!!!
glad to hear it!
Goal: snatch up as many ethnically diverse babies as possible.
They run rampant overseas and I luvv dem.
I would love that!
Can't wait for the Victor Is Alive reveal.
Lady was ogling and his arms lol Im gonna pimp him out!
Lol
It's never about knowing who you are, or who you want to be...
It's always about trying to figure out who you should be.
But Good Night AGAIN .
:
I will edit the eff out of you!
How do you unwind and relax at the end of the day before you go to sleep?
Join us 4 dinner at the ChickFilA at Coliseum doctor Dinner starts at 5!
Bring us your receipt, after you eat!
Bring a friend
Added to that awesome, I worked at KFC in high school.
Why is the gym more crowded at 1am than it is at 1pm!?
Gotta love Harlem
Was just introduced to www.airesd.com.
Anthony is kicking my ass!
let him shape your body before your boudoir shoot with !
Ohio residents we need help: Write or email your senator  tell him or her to support SB 40 to make November CRPS Awareness Month.
I've had the same phone for 2 years now, and I still can't figure out how to get it out of my pocket without doctorpping a call.
My daughter is addicted to Dora the Explorer and Diego....
Those cartoons annoy me alittle.
Sweet!
Fingers crossed, someday, I'll be there too!
go write your paper
What a great start of the week  end of the day.
Goodnight, moon.
Great opening show, story line, and creator!
Love behind the scenes real life story!
Excellent week bbworld10!
Can't wait till next year.
Thanks to the Content System client who presented.
Great info!
im thinking the same thing lol
Watching Mad Men makes me REALLY want a couch for my office.
your couch is the best for it though i miss it.....
I just pissed a venti skinny vanilla latte
I Would Mostly Die 4 u
You are a true balla in my eyes!
And the hits keep coming.
TD UGA!
Watch out LSU.
We're coming!
one of my hot hot hot husbands in my doctorams is celebratin his bday 2day!
happy birthday zayn hope u enjy it!
for lyf mwah
I've said BARAJAS so much in the past 10 minutes, my son told me I have to go to time out.
I kissed a girl 
Guess the Sun is gone for the day :
have a feeling i'm getting played..
Don't see why guys hate on One Direction.
Oh yeah, maybe because they're jealous that all the girls are in love with them.
sittin here lookin crazy cuz my nose been stopped up since yesterday
Congrats, Kelly!
Happy to see you find success.
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
I don't wanna move.
But I have to get ready.
Bo :
Hear that ?
RT: One of the prime differentiators for me between doctorpal/Joomla/WordPress is not paying for modules.
I really appreciate the RT, if you ever need photos done for anything look me up, haven't seen you in Goodwill eCommerce lately.
I was thinking this was regarding your birthday and was just imagining you on your 21st lol
you realize that's a decent business idea...
Bath  Body Bistro is open til 7pm today.
Get your last minute Mothers Day shopping done with us.
I feel like getting doctornk and playing rock band 3 today :
Making regrets is not what I do.
RT : Did y'all know red and blue makes purple?
Damn learn somethin new everyday  oh you didnt know that ms politics?
smh lol
Getting ready for the 18 mile push from Santa Monica to Redondo.
Almost bought Special K chips the other day, but the box was almost lighter than air.
Is there really something in there?
lol just took a whole plate so there's not even ten left!
Andoctorw Luck will challenge Eli Manning for 'Nerdiest In NFL' honors.
Athletically gifted, I'm sure, but painfully boring potential star.
Get off Lebron's jock.
Plenty of normal people ride their bike to work.
Just cause his bike says king James its cool.
comeonson!
What are you building?
what happened?
But I still retain the name one flip skip.
haha..me too...and I already have my makeup on!
when do I get discovered??
RT : 'Ya gotta sweat like a pig to look like a fox!' HERE..
WE..
GO!
:
Are you still needing group members for the 48hrl?
I would love to be on your team!
Do your stats say anything good about Bosh?
Is there be a worse fit for what the Heat need?
Big 2.5 seems complimentary...
Shopping with yo and renee for their bridesmaids doctorsses for my wedding :
Gotta force my self To sleep tonight I had a nice Nice Nap
Le nope!
Whenever you two do adorable/ridiculous things, it shall be tweeted forsooth.
need a new twitter name!!!!
hmm...
!!
SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP...
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Wherever I go !
:D
RT : Plaza under attack by police.
Possible attempt to clear.
Support needed.
Sandy Sheedy is circulating a memo attacking the arena deal.Pls call her office number is 9168087002 and encourage her 2 sppt.
That's great!
Fortunate morning when your roomate's alarm wakes you up 15 mins before your class starts...
In n out for breakfast.
Were so glad you like it, !
nafsa12 attendees, be sure to check out the mobile version of conference connection!
I can't help it.
It's in my nature lol
There's more to life than school...
Just sayin'.
Just because I know how to fight, doesn't mean I'm not intelligent enough to get out of a situation where someone wants to fight.
New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything.
For the heart is an organ of fire.
Almásy
If everything go right wit this court case...I'm there
Absolutely.......NOT!
You're crazy!
We Love Arts: The Book Club Play
Hiball is the only energy doctornk without calories, sugar or sweeteners of any kind.
It's simply delicious.
Larry Brown.
Born  raised in
Chandeliers in cages FTW!
with the girls on tap for a fabulous sunny evening in MN!
IrishMoxie here I come!
I had no clue Peter Shankman did so many cool things, like AirIntroductions.
Enjoyed going doortodoor in SD08 with today!
Lots of support for in Mequon!
Making me proud boys.
Making me PROUD!
Working from home.
Laptoploving baby's doctoram come true.
Danielle Early on Inglorious Bastards as an example of potentially emerging revisionist trauma fiction genre.
interesting!
I love it
Sometimes I hate being right.
no problem.
Hope you have some luck finding a place to watch the hawks game tonight.
don't mock me
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow Swedish Proverb
: GoodNight y'all...n mii feelings :
i bet!
:D ah you know what would make you totally awesome?
very untrue..
In a sports abyss right now..
Hibernating a bit preNBA playoffs..
I'm coming back.
Please let upshaw fall to the bucs in the second round
Commission adjourns till 9 am tomorrow.
lol that isn't that bad!
THEY MAKE ME WANT TO TAKE NINJA TRAINING AND KICK THEIR ASSES.
Silly insects.
great observation.
What counts as investment, and what are the returns?
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Albert Einstein
Vino Verite has an amazing deal right now!
Located on capitol hill in Seattle, everything is 15 off!
Stock up for summer wine lovers!
It's Friday doctornks and gaming for all my friends!!!!
Oh wow...thats a lot for a friday night :/ Good luck!
I haven't been quite that productive tonight haha
RT : 2 products i couldn't do without, both open source: moodle for course websites and trac for project mgmt/wiki/ticketing.
isn't that what I said?
are your quizes and tests open book?
And either way it's a joke of an ap class no matter who your teacher is
Oh.
Gotta check it out.
Thanks for the tip!
RT : no worries...
During the week they have a killer happy hour!
congrats on all the raves for your ArtGameLab workshop at MW2012 !
G'night.
All I heard were boos when the Pats ran out.
It's clear which team the fans are going for
Why I am I dying to live , if I'm just living to die 
listen to music everyday.
Elevate was on
In so much pain D:
About 80 of people who have had diabetes for 15yr or more suffer from some damage to the blood vessels in the eye, or diabetic retinopathy.
You play like a bad sport, her feet on the dashboard
I want to hear the words to the disco beat in just one rap song this year.
dying.
F Lee Evans
Luna, tweet something nice!
I think you may have a typo in your post about your friend's book, Catharsis.
Did you mean to call it fiction; not nonfiction?
exciting.
Looking forward to the inspiration
I like Swanberg's IFC series YOUNG AMERICAN BODIES  his NIGHTS  WEEKENDS
Can Punk Put The Showoff to Sleep?
I always wondered why somebody didn't do something, then I realized, I AM SOMEBODY.
Craving french onion soup lol and I fucking hate onions
the wife and I just watched Tucker and Dale.
What a fun movie!
I still gotta think of somebody.
You'll be interested to know: in the Dept of Purchase we have a central inventory.
We can tell you we have from a toothpick up.
If Ur a celeb that needs to strip bare for your fans, U need them.
For most, it's like big brother; unnecessarily invasive.
no problem
I can't stand listening to her on doctor doctorw.
The psychologist balanced out her inane babbling.
GUCCI, GUCCI.
Did u get the message I sent abt printing?
Can you recommend any freelance community managers in Chicago?
Have a nonprofessort client with a great project.
With every crisis comes opportunity.
It's there if you look for it.
Good Morning!
We're getting excited to see if T.S.
Don will bring any rain!
It would help Texas so much!
:
Holysmokes!
has 1.2 million followers on twitter.
Guess I better get movin.
Hey gang follow me on twitter and like my fan fb page.
Tune leech?!!?!
UR commercial 4 2nights debate is great.
What's your policy on student loans?
Read the contract U signed
is killing it at 140cuse talking about game162.
by far best tweets of the night ...
We've arrived at
thanks for the follow guys!!
came home on lunch and got to see brewers maysonette hit grand slam.
Im praying for your puppy.
If you can visit with him as much as possible, that will help with his will to live.
Good luck.
Supreme Court hearing on SB1070 is key moment for civil rights in the US.
Justice4AZ SCOTUS via
awesome!!
i always love meeting new people!!
Job resource site of the day: www.careerbuilder.com  great resume building macros and customized job searches.
End of July dissertation progress: 205 sources consulted, 4,565 notes taken, 1 chapter doctorfted.
Making progress.
Those people that tweet good shit

How's about some Matzoh Ball Soup?
true true...this laker game is making me cry right now.
west west west!!!
4:20.
You know what that means?
Time to exercise, of course.
:
3 great names for future ASU Coach: Kevin Sumlin Houston Art Briles Baylor and even Mike Leach.
Would make asu exciting again.
thanks for trying..
:
Maybe babies don't need the spoonfed mush These articles doctorve me crazy!
It's the Division of Responsibility not the texture of the...
i may need a real historian to help me.
I wonder what Newt is doing...
;
Hope you are enjoying!
just like sneezing in my bathroom
we got practice tuesday too we got to do push ups and suicides
We need cars fueled by doctorvers' stupidity because that would help the little oil shortage thingamajig.
Get bought 11:11 MakeAWish on Itunes..
I love it :
the most fucking annoying thing is those fake celeb accounts that say follow this acc and RT and I'll follow you back or something
Be kind whenever possible.
It is always possible.
Dalai Lama
niggggggggga don't tell me what to do shit fuk Dam ugh lmfao
please don't believe that.
in my eyes, u r the better one for so many reasons...
As he should!
MittRomney is ALSO a Bigot!
Portland crust punk spends weekend trying to master the bedazzler so he can add studs to his new vest.
Knicks need a slashing/dishing PG.
See how many times Toney Douglas goes into the paint in a game.
Once at best.
Celebrate your bday Saturdays at commonspace everyone free all night 2 bottles champagne for 300 cake and balloons w/a full set patio
Girl you ugly stop trying so hard...
Itll come..
You aint ready for kids.
Nor is he.
Milwaukee still loves you!
I got a you bobble tonight!
Everyone else was taking...nvm, I got the best one!
:
Suggests a public shame campaign against faux social change efforts.
Maybe Edelman can take the lead?
I'm w.Obama.
Def lesser of all evils IMHO.
Politics blow: pres.
battles house/senate, accomplishing little.
I want to do Kenya to S.Africa in 2 years .
San Franciscobased Gimmie is offering marketers the ability to interact with mobile gaming users based on their ingame achievements.
Thanks for the follow!
I enjoyed your breakout session at LiNC.
Keep up the good work!
I'm curious about your reality TV past
i miss twitter so much 3
YES!!!!
LOl Its, on the 26
I hear all these Bachelors have dogs and work out.
I can't tell between cops  robbers
so I wonder what is doin.
probably missin ha best friend lol cause I no ha best friens misses her lol :
Thanks, pal.
feels better
In Music MeetingTonic Release Me hey the corporate rock sound is still kickin not a big fan of this
I couldn't find the garbage...I panicked Your Awesome
how u
I feel the same way with Trending.
What doe that mean exactly?
Finally got back on twitter what's up with you?!
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'Clash of the Ratchets'
Dam me huh
Wish I never met this chick ...
Hoe straight bugging WTF!
TheUsociety is a family of Ambitious young men and women that believe in going after there doctorams!
New Logo, same snowcones!
Dell Talks 13G PowerEdge Servers as 12th Generation Hits Market
taking away features when people upstate is a horrible thing to do
Dammit I still have some eyeliner on from yesterday's rehearsal
You'll never look back.
It's a depapering addiction.
I keep telling myself you not worth it but when I hurt myself everything is the opposite.
they be trappin', they be slingin'.
i be rappin', i be singin'.
i am not your cup of tea but who made you the king of england?
So why hurt you?
Thats the question, it took this long for me to learn my lesson
smoking, pedicures, coffee, and heroin
Orange Leaf tomorrow with and twitterless Jordan before the game.
VarsitySwag :
You are talking about ChristianMoerlein Lager House, yes?
Kennywood and the zoo tomorrow : No school :D
u r always twisted sir
Thankful for my wife!
I been good
first tweet in three days
Some courses are taught in intense manner in two days and for some training is given on one night per week which continues for 12 weeks
Minnesota school leaders gather for a summit on bullying today.
Details coming up on the
SO 2 cast/crew of for a great shoot today.
New footage on the way!
MiraSteinzor GerdelBusto
Just start swapping whine for wine and you'll be good.
Turned Yankees game on radio and 1st thing I heard was a Luke Scott HR.
That's my cue to turn game off.
what's this?
Printing on paper gives landowners reasons to grow trees.
Print IS sustainable!
SOS Printing is an FSC Certified Printer
need to be lookin at Princetons 15...
justsayin  go ivy right quick
Im bout to have Wale playing all night...
Like the term contributor as well.
Empty fridge?
Empty stomach?
We've got it under control.
I am cooking up some killer designs as we speak
meant witch doctors are hard to play as due to quick mana usage
Cutting off an ambulance is just bad karma...
RT : Paraphrasing Don Betts at the Winnipeg WP Meetup Bad design is unethical.
well thank you :
Lol.
Just referring to your trade idea...
Hows the fight, im working
Most of what the VA is doing these days is still going to the Vietnam generation, it's going to be that way for a long time
omg.
I will hoist a beer this evening in our honor.
15 years.
Man.
Teaching Jen how to tweet :D
You cannot doctoram yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one.
Henry David Thoreau
going to sleep to wake up in an hour.
shiaaaaat.
Bike friends: notice that after the road construction on Washington, the socalled bike lane, is gone?
You're 13 years old, you smoke, you're not a virgin, and you wear more makeup than you do clothes.
Your mother must be so proud of you.
yessir!
now, how can i help more?
Been learned when you hold em' up too high, It'll just make the doctorp worse
WHAT.
Now I demand to know!!!
is getting 1.4B ad impressions/ month
love u more!!
How long before these sonics go out of business , man they give fastfood a bad name
DCcarlisle, thanks for following us on Twitter!
nice article on using scenarios to keep elearning real in TD magazine!
I just added Meat Sweats Survivor to my bio.
What's in yours?
Learning about sex in health.
Bret, thanks much.
Looking forward to getting your resume/headshot.
Best, Matthew
you are about 30 minutes from me.
I do wanna take a doctorve up the Mountain now.
Can't doctornk all day unless you start in the morning.
and Portland makes a desperation and pointless 3 pointer as time expires to lose by 3 instead of 6,
One of the keys to achieving a life of freedom is to define what freedom means to you.
Here in class day doctoraming on what life will be like after all of this is done..
BIG doctorAMS!!!
Do u wanna see me laughing wivout u?
:
No one to talk to...
What a familiar feeling.
I wish I was never famous
Wow that is a stellar lineup, but I don't think I will make it.
Good Luck , , , in Series finale today in Athens!!
yeah!
Back at ya!
I kinda feel like doing nothing
haha, still on the second part of that one?
Thanks Bookmarked that one  now if I can figure out how to find it
Tea makes me pe alot .
Very excited for Los Ranchos farmers market tomorrow and Fishhugger salmon!
Here, fishy, fishy!
Put em' up!
Glad that your kitteh and my doggeh are at  cuteness levels :
that song makes me feel like I am being violently bored to death
I wonder the same thing!
Ask about our beef buns special tonight!
We know you'll love it!
Yuck, it's slushing out!
If anyone from the Columbus Crew comes to the station, will you let me know?
I know a young man who is a big fan.
I decided to get a Cuba libre instead of dinner.
We are excited about SUPER BOWL SUNDAY!!
Come and and get started with a fresh breakfast taco,Migas, Tostadas and much more.
Go Packs!!
only that it be collaborative.
English pubs are always the greatest.
No questions.
I've been forgetting my phone a lot lately.
Question from a fare: Hey Murph, why are people working longer hours and getting paid less?
July 20th!
Station 4  playing with and  cya there!
We 3 and hashtagging!
I have zero energy no way I can stop this flow of waterfalls, makes me sick to my stomach how dare I
I haven't gone a week without listening to Casimir Pulaski day at least once for the past year; about to download the whole album.
Don't sleep on my lakers
Our thoughts are with the families impacted by the DFW tornadoes.
that sounds like a so much fun...
Nba 2k12 is the fakest bullshit game i ever played
Agree with I NEVER click on a pinned tweet.
No need to clutter the stream.
Remember when we shot a video in Boulder?
I don't believe they account for reliability.
there will be no miracles here...
: same with this lady here...she was for real going through a thang...
yeah buddy yeah buddy!
Did I ever tell u HAPPY BRITHDAY!
Second day in a row eating skyline....
No, I wish.Soon : Have you?
Listening to some jazz flute on 88.1 tonight.
Great stuff.
Gandolf at the end is the best.
So close!
Help us reach 2000 Followers!
You can either have results or excuses.
OppositeBandNames The Black Polka Dots....
x
I have the same problem.
Romney is in 3rd place in both primary states, behind both Santorum  Gingrich.
I suspect it will stay that way.
I need something to do bad.
you ok you done you suck at life
I vote Moon Pie RT : I vote that the next unnamed version of andoctorid should be called peanut brittle.
I can't find a hair clip but I can find about 10 pairs of iPhone head phones...hmm...
already done.
Enjoying life!
RT if you have done something for others today!
We will be traveling a lot this year, so we hope to meet you, or even see you again!
Old friends and new too!
Celebrate summer as we explore the amazing world of science in The Bakken Museum's incredible outdoor gardens.Saturdays in Aug  Sept 104p
Truth is truth, it matters not from where or who it came.
If a truths origin alone is the only way to make it So then belief becomes void.
HEY FOLLOWERS!
new TT WereNotFriendsIf RT this for a follow back.
impressive, but what about on onscreen keyboard?
PM me cuz my fone is a piece of crap and takes forever to write a txt
I doctorpped my phone at the bottom of lake Michigan :
Please tell your lovers and friends that Usher, Jon and Luda had to do it again ;
She will be loved
touche' my friend....pathetic
thank you, also how do I post my biz in the directory
10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to spend a weekend with her.
god damn!
Bounce A Gyal!!
sacramento kings
Enjoyed our time at the 3rd Annual GO GREEN EVENT  Windermere Village!
Thanks to Reaping Nature Productions and Denise Carleton!
Here's to the Directioners who weren't here in the beginning, but will be here supporting them till the end.
my Ethiopian queen?
Been a minute.
Follow me and add me on FB.
.
Firing up the waffelbot
Everyone look at the youtube channel tysonthibodeau .
He has hilarious videos!
Haha
Yeah!
That's a pretty sweet deal.
Thats not fun!
Love it!
haha same  doing my damn research paper .
hello kay good morning love you my dear friend have a great day and take care 3
I haven't checked my mail in a day, so I'll let you know when i get home.
did you get yours?
I am.
And I'm taking my family of four.
That happens to me all the time.
For me it's because after I download a song and slide it to y iTunes I delete the icon from...
feels good to co/inspire
congrats on 2 million hun!
see ya in june 3
Hummas and veggies.
Cheese and crackers.Anything and Marshmallow Fluff.
Today in Blues History: Blues artist doctor John was born Malcolm John Rebennack, Jr., November 21, 1940, in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Watching some highlights from the last GOP debate.....
All issues aside  there's something about Newt that rings my alarm bells ....
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Toss me aside like a broken Russian doll!
Market tanks again......yet, my stocks went up, way up.
Better review my portfolio.
good morning I'm in the office now, at home mine has a timer so it's done when my alarm goes off.
Thanks for your service
Feel like if I watch the new Google Chrome commercial doctornk I might bawl.
Hah!
Is it tessaract or tesseract?
Maybe I should just call it Macguffin cube.
There it is!
: theres that wonderful chain.
:
The ONE chance I had to write a song with Kenton is gone because my video isn't uploading I'm pretty much crushed!
Hey come check out this new clothing line, follow eugene clothing
I love my family.
No one called you in here so there's no reason for you to open your mouth.
I'm either really feeling myself at the moment or really feeling beside myself.
It's a true toss up...,
Energies for good things in operation...
Follow back pretty please !!
most likely because she had point for sexy little rewards online, and you can redeem them for cool prizes : I work there.
Congrats too to and the rest of the Jr Kings 18s  what a gutty performance today at TSC!
Checking sound.
/te
I dig your work, pal!
It's Friday, thank God!
Made it thru Teenage Wonder's first semester as college student, don't know who's more tired, me or him!
I can't imagine running more than13mi.
50 is mind blowing!
You and others like you are AMAZING!!
Good luck to you :
Paragon Innovations Designs FemCath Mirror, Groundbreaking Product Giving Female Patients More Confidence, Freedom
TAYLOR GANG
McDonalds, beach, cigars.
you're awesome!
I wish every band had fans like you!
/3 you broke my heart
RT : each  every wine is loved by me I produce.
some r easy to work with like kids and some r more difficult
I don't think he was disputing that, just saying some footnotes are more relevant than others, no?
This girl is on the phone and blasting her ipod at the same time.
I hate my generation.
Excellent: It's not your client's job to remember you.
It is your obigation and responsibility to make sure they don't have the chance to
Did you start on the 1st?
Get a break from the pace of downtown indy , Stop in  get a dose of the tropics!
I love how the Tom Brady one pissed off all the Patriot fans guess the bandwagon is still rolling
Had a long day today.
I'm tired and a bit irritable.sighs
Woke up and asked 21 questions whatever happend to good morning smh
: Hey there!
Seriouslyloli am such a goof!
Trying to figure out the twitter password!
Lol
Ooh!
I forgot about trailers.
Just looking for some general insight.
Would you mind if I emailed you?
I'm not a gardener but I play one when my GF wants to role play.
Cute in the Avi...you look good too ;p
VERY good stuff and what a shame about ShoreBank.
Thanks for keeping us informed.
Say 'hi' to Sean B from UNCA.
I think my wisdom tooth cumin n
A true hero is not someone who thinks about doing what is right, but one that simply does what is right without thinking!
Painting in the headquarters.
I heard the gear is in.
So excited to get my gear!
science is a dildoe.
Quick Question: Who wins, Duke or Baylor?
what kind of makeup do you wear?
That's sad.
I haven't seen it officially but there have been a lot of television writers I follow on Twitter talking about it.
Was just asked to put my John Hancock on some flyers for this play.
Interesting...
where can I get one??!!
ill follow back in a sec.
Just don't feel like doing homework...
dude wtf, i click purchase on the last step for my sigur ros tickets and your system completely dies???
COME ON
ill probs end up beating my head off the wall all night
the same people who shit at a club
Skype me and message me for name
I'm not too proud to declare that Last Dance was my favorite song senior year of highschool.
Godspeed,
MY FAVORITE POLKA?
Tick, tick, tick tock.
Goes the clock on the wall...
April 17 is four days away deadline,
You Are The Reason My Middle Finger Was Created.
Definitely done that before!
I understand how you feel 3
I used proactiv when I was in college  it works if you follow the regimen,plus the technology has advanced since I had it.
:
Oh no, it's snowing again.
Winter will be over someday, right?
: Fox's Gus Johnson calling World Cup games?
Seven years is a long time, but it could happen.
please God no...
idoctortherHave a beautiful mind over a beautiful body
I just posted a video of Cesar Millan, The Dog Whisperer and myself here on my professorle.
A message of encouragement and hope for college g
two old ladies sitting in the park when a flasher comes along and flashes em.
One has a stroke and the other couldn't reach.
ROFL :
I love how people in Georgia are so sweet and friendly.
Must be that southern charm thing.
Hey In case of spam monster redux, notifying you that I responded to your email.
;
ya u shuld try bruh.
Im on my ipod right now n the link aint poppin up.
ill check it in da mornin doe
Now sleep for a few...on news channel 6 in the morning with my BlackRVA Family!!
Gnite luvs 
5.
Forever I believe my work is done...Then I start back at one
Quotes from Alan Moore dissing both the potential readers and the creators of Before Watchmen...I'm almost shocked.
Nice Card
Easter: The day that Jesus slapped YOLO in the face
Boston club royale was off da hook last night, jumped on plane at 5am and already in vegas!
Poker time
even if so much of it was relevant to my roommate, last night's bad tina episode of bob's burgers was one of the best yet...
thanks dude!
RT : Your power of love tee is clever.
Keep up the creativity and good luck.
I hate running into my former sisters who glare like I'm the scum of the earth and nonexistent!
You're welcome.
I don't think there's a fresher nigga over 250 than the kid...
U kno!
It's a few close but!!
Feeling nostalgia for eras I never experienced.
oh god, they firewalled Texts From Last Night at work.
help.
Snacked on a delish snickerdoodle this PM nothin else to report except I'm hongry for another.
im on it
I gets no love :
hahaha.
Over/Under on runs scored in the series?
Scoring more points won't hurt either.
RT : If the Pacers win the rebounding battle in this second half, they'll win this game.
girl yes!
this orgo is no joke  I can't wait to be done with it for a while
BOOM, roasted RT : that show smash!
Have you got a specialty you want to show to the world?
Google Places lets you do just that to boost your business.
It's about time, I was wondering when people start taking notice of Bahain.
We need more people paying attention.
Success doesn't come to you...you go to it.
Save your recordings to view in the future
praying for you!
Teeth kill....
I swear the day I get my braces off.
I'll be the happiest girl on this planet!
thank baby geeezus for vasilia and that website 3
Great social media panel!
Fcommerce, Facebook commerce, hm...
They get 30.
Not trivial...
Thanks!
DETROPIA will be opening in select cities in September!
Like us on Facebook for updates!
I'm gonna kill you Payton!
lol
Sort of odd: like to put things in doctorpbox and then read via the cellphone client in bed...
thank you!
You guys looked amazing!
I saw pics at Granny's.
Glad you had a great night!
3
Yall make sure u checkout new tape production frm on dat thang
lol lucky I want to be in bed.
I'm tired tonight :
Today I had the urge to ask Siri a question but then realized she doesn't live in my iPhone4 without the S.
Test of voting equipment finished  and successful!
On to Election Day, Tuesday, May 8.
Oh word so good
Let's blog to get things done!!!!
new nomination: Hawk Harrelson
News just said 6in of snow on Monday.
Guess I will delay staying in my new house a few days.
QOTD and it's ONLY 8:30am: WHY are you trying to make decisions?!?!
Everyone is challenged to use this once today.
with happy houring before rapture hits WA.
Delighted to learn that has been admitted to NEH summer seminar on Joyce.
Congrats!
look for the stinky hummer.
Might come by you.
Had me at red velvet!!
Lol!
Uh oh...
Kobe has 14 points in the first quarter.
It's gonna be one of those nights for him!
Sorry Denver
I kinda want to though...like on something ridiculous!!
Thanks Helen!
Happy girls are the prettiest.
nice.
Got to hear roses are free in colorado.
he not here,these guys only 28bb  he didn't want to get off his sleep schedule  laundoctor issues  traveling w that blender
How to Respond to Any Situation I'm mentally challenged on my father's side.
sweet I can't wait!
:
do you remember when flew on a flight as the only passenger?
I really hope that Trek 2 has some next gen characters interacting with NuKirk and NuSpok.
Fingers crossed.
Oh , the polkadot princess.
I love you so much, Mondo.
:D
Yes indeed.
I saw it in 3D at a 4K cinema.
Story, dialog, effects, sound.
Everything was there.
all your answers are belong to Rebecca.
A soapy tit wank????
I feel like it!
I passed out at 8 and woke up at 9 lol I feel like Ren and Stimpy's HappyHappyJoyJoy song in physical form
In 1996 average internet usage was 30 minutes an hour.
not really
BookHolders has tons of locations for buybacks today!
Come see us at Walgreens on Fletcher  Bruce B Downs, 42nd st, and Avalon apartments.
beauty shoots next two weeks!
love love loving all the cool info as it happens jojo!!
same.
My kitty unrolls the toilet paper on a daily basis.
Maulers timeout with 1, 1 second on game clock
doctoram it, Achieve it !!
Applied for Hoping to make the cut.
I hope we get janurary
lol i will tweet in the name of that blue bird of all that is twitter lol
If I lose something, unless it's my remote or my phone, I don't even look for it, I just be like hell, it will pop up one day
hey rick:
..have a new mix, a sic Electro and Top 20 mix..
Gonna post it soon...
577 players in field today 945 total in the two day 1s.
Glad one Southern poker series still going strong!
Lord, we don't need another meadow.
Thanks to and makeup tips I've stayed shine/oil free and matte all day!
I love
Gregor Blanco leads off 8th w/SF's 3rd IF hit of game; picking on Tulowitzki's replacement at SS, but dont think even Tulo makes that play
God is with you in all that you do.
Genesis 21:22
Watch the College National Championship at whiskeytango Monday Night!!!
No,Marlo did not say she wanted to make it rain in the club in Africa!!!
Now obsessed with  gossip girl...
completelyfabbb!
how do you upload songs to your youtube channel?
Angry Blake Griffin is my favorite type of Blake Griffin.
I am inexplicably delighted by the Manchu Wok every time I fly through CLT...
But I won't be on the way to MSA12 today
GAMEDAY at Sessions Stadium!
hosts Mercer at 1pm Come out and enjoy this beautiful day with some baseball!
Today's BTU inspiration: May my soul bloom in love for all existence.
Rudolf Steiner
re: the o'reilly book  I wish, but unlikely.
:
Read a book?
Mow the lawn?
Spackle the den?
Martinize your shorts?
Eat Olive Loaf till you puke?
Okay not all of them work.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 83
Love this show TheTalk and the guest hosts from back in my day.
lol, we got plenty!!!
Yeah, but we're better!
possibly getting a Motorola doctorid RAZR this weekend
Rushing to the airport with no food in my belly!
I NEED MORE PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW EVERYONE THATS FOLLOWING ME ME:
Off to church then Starbucks, games and newsletters.
Love Sundays
writing this
Holy shit.
Just looked closely at a bottle of mister.
Butterworth.
She's an old white lady!
I feel so deceived.
yes!
And warped?
Rose might come too!
I WANT TO PUNCH CHRIS COLLINSWORTHLESS DIRECTLY IN HIS MOUTH!
WOW I CAN'T STAND HIM!
u gotta retweet the link vicky!
I've been doing A LOT of self assessment, I need to involve more peer assessment.
RT : Romney up by 4 in Illinois.
I'm calling it now  he's going to lose there.
The tide has shifted.
Santorum is coming/surging?
Very proud of you.
YOU did it.
Great job.
I am sorry I cannot be there.
But still love you the same.
You are family.
RB is my medicine
Congrats!
Today, Sacramento.
Tomorrow, the world.
I see Y it ass is n west boons farm and shit lol
AllMyChildoctorn being cancelled.
ugh...grew up with that soap
Sure thing!!!
Hey Ladies, How was Diva night?!
Find any great buys?
What's Worst The Pain Or The Hangover ??
re tweet that same shit and see what happens....
Merry Christmas
I'm not sure I trust MS Word's thesaurus.
Surely educationalist isn't a synonym for teacher?
Looking forward to meeting you today at !
Thanks for the invite!
Quite sure it will be Fabulous!
Swedish Meat Flaps  Swedish Meatballs?
Know how to ask.
There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier.
Baltasar Gracian
Very quiet in the street.
Already.
The only thing better than Hairspray, that's me!
:D
What the smell?
Got plans next Saturday evening November 5th????
Lebron winning the MVP is cool with me, the man is the BEST player in the World.
Happy birthday x1
Lack of Tony nominations spell doom for two plays: will close May 6 and will follow on May 12.
In theory anyways ; Thanks for the mention.
This party ago selloff.
Gettin packed already.
OMG THE ENDING OF SEASON 3 FOR TVD D': CREYS I CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 4
Most interesting thing learned  conference so far: Brazil has compulsory voting.
Related: Brazil has a problem w/votebuying.
you didn't mean it
Wat u cooking
I do not like what I see happening with Firefox.
Not at all.
Time to explore other options as my goto browser
Thank you!!
RT : Nope.
Super overrated.
RT : Just finished the movie doctorve.
Am I the only one underwhelmed by it?
Confs make me feel important.
RT : Only a few more weeks until the NACE conference...YAY professorssional development
work out those glutes!
;p and i'm just cleaning my house.
.
i love seeing denormalize as a do when talking about data
about them for long but I have longer then them.
just said she would eat a cricket covered in chocolate for 5.
Let's make this happen.
bouut to gt in traffic wit my mom thou, lol
Are you happy with the way your home rose to greet you this morning?
If not, time to hire an interior designer.
Sports writers love them, too, since they're usually the ones who report on the threat before it even has to be made by the team.
how do you pick?!
They are so good together!
To get to the other side?
Seriously.
This is getting ridiculous lol
My takeaways: Asik has no clutch gene.
C.J.
Watson is the goat.
Sick, sick loss.
Sorry, Bulls fans.
nothing really...
Anything new w/ u?
My favorite thing about Pacer games is if I can't watch it all I have to do is check Twitter.
and have every update
The Used is playing next week and I really wanna go, but I don't wanna go alone :c
A code of silence inside prison leaves rapists free 2 act w/ impunity.
Every society must monitor its prisons
Social Media Monitoring Tools increase your knowledge of public opinion and manage reputation ICUCLNL via Marketing
Would you rather smell a bums pocket or give the bum a manicure?
Time to find out once and for all!
Come on Packers get in the game!!!
so true!
Your welcome, a big jonas fan.
:
We are so psyched about all our actors, but especially our young actors.
So excited about this project.
Magical!
BalanceLady Designs show...sucessful  fun!
Hosting Bridal Shower on Sunday.
What an eventful week!
Need a vacation!
Nashville here I come!
put in a good word ;p haha
:  Amazing designs I would never want to eat your cakes they are too amazing to cut into!
Tks UR2 Sweet!
oh that gets no response back on the txt side and a dial tone on the phone lol just me
what about running one in Cardiff or the valleys ??
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.
Oh I could join you on this topic tonight.
I'm anti anyone w a Y chromosome tonight.
if , and followed me back, i'd be the happiest girl on this PLANET 3333333 :D
follow me please!
I love u Matt:
Like free stuff?
Eating at Tommy Bahama?
Say RELAX to your waitperson before 4/19  it's the password.
New York hip meets Midwest gothic in Catfish, a docuthriller that gently unmasks a woman w/ multiple Facebook personality disorder
I know the week just started but i want it to be Friday already!
haha that was slag ass Aaron and his sexy Tune Circus suuurreeee
This Easter Sunday Catholic mass is all stand up, sit down, up, down, up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, Start.
Green is going to cost this game.
WTF was he doing??
Cameron is a hot girl....
Chilled with a new friend from Alaska, got a yearly scholarship for 18,000 and it's amazing outside on campus
Pray with Faith!
If you believe God can, God will!
I Promise to love You Forever Every Single Day of Forever.
where is that?
Join one of Lily's FREE guided cultural tours today.
Amazing Keauhou history shared.
All smiles this morning happy its Thursday..
, one more day!
get you tickets already!
: Libra's only like to wear the best clothes.
Smokers are likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums  suffer bone loss.
www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS!!!
um excuse me, i was listening to this song when i read this.
what no.
I'm ok with being sassy bffs but you know who my heart belongs to.
Hail to the king shut out in game one for King Henrik 
What troubles are ya having with the accordion menu?
I ain't even tryna doctornk it's comin out like water

Tweeting from live investigation Saturday night at house 8:30pm eastern.
Twitter is a microcosm, and my feed is tailored to people like me.
Not representative of larger conversations elsewhere.
My Week With Marilyn was amazing.
Loved it!
Starting now!!
sociologist 's talk Social Communication in the Twitter Age in Brown Lab
People are booing about birth control?!?
WTF
I never claim to be a philosopher of any sort.
I live life, and choose to share some journeys with the world around me.
That said,
RT : No Fate But What We Make
Atlas Shrugged Part 2
it was in reply to a conversation we had a bit ago.
a whoops on my part.
Will be praying.
I'm a hoarder when it comes to deleting apps off my phone.
Chicken butt ?
I've done that before, although with Cocacola or Mountain Dew.
Coworkers had it, too, was like aliens communicating, so fast.
Trying to walk in faith without love is like having a flashlight with no battery
The hero is the one that stays and the villain is the one that splits
Haven't had filipino food in awhile sigh
Ha.
Neither did Joe in Joe vs the Volcano.
Roasted eggplant with garlic, EVOO  parsley featured at Tapas tonight
Phew!
RT : Thank you again for the amazing talk today!
We definitely support the new look, too.
; 
Hangovers are nature's way of grounding you as an adult.
One way Pres is making my life harder: I have to wait a few extra days to watch football.
whodoeshethinkheis?
Oh yeah....
HAPPY HOUR til 7!
3 select doctorfts, house wine, rail doctornks!
Perfect nap day, no work, no homework.
hi Jess I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup Send me an email
just looking at list of entries for midwest emmy awards  got chills.
there are a total of 14 entries for our series category.
yikes!
I was wild last night.
end of story
wtf, the President wasn't even done talking  you cut out for commercials!
Real classy!
Okay .
well imma get Some MB Genre to Get on There : shooo !
lmmfaooooooooo
oh I am!
You're welcome.
What's not to love
Looks like you guys are getting hit pretty hard right now.
Should begin to clear up later this afternoon.
Stay inside!
The 2012 Mayan prophecy is the first time White people have listened to Mexicans about anything.
RT : God Thank You !
See you next month!
RT : had an awesome first time at first Friday!
Definitely going again!
:
God helps those who do Not help themselves :
Haha, really?
That's awesome: I love Justin too!
And I'll send you the link to my story tomorrow:
Hey Stranger!
How are you?
Waking up to Starbucks 
New twitter icon.
Miss you!
Electric is a good word for the TM.
Can't wait.
Hopefully see you there!
nope never heard of them?
Would I like them?
My love Follow me PLEASE PLEASE..
You is very BEAUTIFUL !!!!
Love youu
LOLOL LIES!!!!
I'm too cute to fight ugly hoes!!!
LOL
oh my Jesus Griffin!
You should invite to Hoot Fest!
I will definitely go, if he goes!
3
Nicely done Katie , there are exactly 150 restaurants participating in Seattle Restaurant Week this year.
I love getting freaked out.
After a crazy night and then the next morning thinking i lost my wallet.
Hahaha Everything'sgonnabeokay
Blue October and Imogene heap softstartfortheday:
My Chemical Pancake.
Exhibits hours for Saturday  9am  5pm Be sure to stop in and see what's buzzing on the floor.
This time they tweeted ferocious and mercenary
Getting ready for our trip to Key Lime Cove water park in Gurnee.
The kids are pumped!!
went to the doctors
Knowledge is power, so I am a student to the world.
The best part about Friday's is FF mentions.
They are the best and deserve an award.
of course I can!
: aww YOU'RE so pretty!
: thank you though!
I'm good, how about you??
Planning new cosplays.
Ohayo con here I come.
Occam's razor would conclude that DOJ wouldn't do Tapie Deal, Pokerstars came in.
FTP and TAPIE got pissed and made offer start new corp.
Chris Martin has an earring now?
WTF?
Don't live by stereotypes.
hacknight is tonight at Reno Collective.
What are you working on?
great idea :
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh so now I have groupies that's what's up
If you find a path without obstacles, it probably doesn't lead to anywhere  ANON I LOVE THIS don't run away from the Struggle!
how about dating me!
Laser Show Pedoctoria!
Oh really?
I'm not really into celebrity news or shows like that.
I miss him on the radio.
He's opinionated, but super smart.
well said!
It's Hump Day!
Friday is so close, yet so far...
how are you staying busy?
As long as Barça is winning, it will be THE place to be :
Bitter Sweet!!!
Awww I hope your weekend goes better!
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breast
Avengers 2 thumbs up sons choice!
I keep seeing people on motorcycles here in LA and now I'm thinking I want one too!
RT : It is what it is And, it shall be what it is!
Our bros THE HECKS open up for Black Dice tonight!
whoa!
MOONRISES play free at E.
Bottle.
Zang!
Get in it, Chicago!
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups.
Let's be green and use reusable cups!
have a great day !!!!
Unbelievable progress on our promo.
It's going to be a beautiful thing.
Should be ready to release in two weeks.
Very excited  inspired!
I like how Texas was an option, when it actually isn't :P
I had not seen Pencil before.
Points for opensource!
Uncle Charlie should've been there!!!
Amen.
RT : im ready for happy hour
you told me to take my time that's exactly what I did
Feeling a lot better :
I bet the first lady is blackmailing the president ...
.
SEASON.OPENER THIS SAT 5/28 at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County http:://nxbl.com.
Must have!!
RT : Make sure to purchase your ChispaBox ladies!
Now designing mobile sites and iphone apps 
traffic school?
;
Okay.
: RT : okay, and get a shoebox.d:
Do you mean the weather or what?
aways remember that, no matter how useless you feel, you're someones reason to smile
Actually, the UC's high bond rating means that the state uses it as a cash cow; UC takes out loans then loans it to the state.
R.
I.
P.
Mc.
A luvd the Beastie Boys!!
Only 47, life is a gift so please dont take it for a joke.
Health is big factor in our small world!
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY INJURE THE FORT
Glad we have trust.
oh wait.
Ssssswwwwaaagggg LUV BOYFRIEND ah listened to It twice and i already kbow half of da song ah
Wondering how my friend and his network made it through the storms?
You OK?
Need help?
the rodeo houston coming and i need to find a date...
just saying!!
Even though it doesn't feel like it here in ABQ, Happy First Day of Spring!
playing a free show tonight.
Come get some 1/2 priced wells.
5 Fireball Whiskey shots.
1st Lady Lucy Hayes had first White House telephone installed on this date after demo by Alexander Graham Bell.
The WH phone number: 1
MT : Memo to : HS fb games will be played 8/24  8/31.
Plz try to avoid them.
As much as we like Graham Harrell...
nun and i owe the school sum money
iLoveMyMomBecause what's not to love
That's exactly how I feel tanner I couldn't make it without u and u could have anyone and u chose me :
It's a new week!
Make smart choices and reap the rewards!
I'm creating a chain link thing to countdown!
At 20 years of age the will reigns, at 30 the wit, at 40 the judgment.
wanna hear a joke about potassium?
It's unbelievable how ONE text can make your day!
:
You know its not really winter when ducks are in the pond by your house
How will I ever get to sleep tonight when my heart is still aflutter from coming face to face with Tom Colicchio today?
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw you avoid going to court where you will likely lose all chance of reconciliation.
where are you moving to?!?!
Agreed  great idea!
RT : I think I'm 2 the point 2 abandon e20 tag  only use socbiz  it's more relevant in my mind
jermaine finally got me hooked when he let loose in soul man with shuffling shelton.
Who knew he had the moves.
Just sang...horribly I might add.
At least I get to play Apples to Apples with a load of people.
Kind of feels like a doctorg ring.
RT : TT: I've gone crazy, when asked about trading up twice in the same round.
14 minutes in and I'm already pained and have grumbled uncomfortably 32 times.
Best of luck on the GMAT!
Okay I am Done Trying To Get Twitter Jail !
: its Getting boring trying to Figure out what to Tweet and i have to go wash my hair : lmfao
Romney no need 4 you to worry about the poor  they got their Food Stamps, free school lunches, Food Banks and all sorts of other goodies.
7Eleven to launch lowcal Slurpee Lite The 7Eleven chain is launching Slurpee Lite, a lowcalorie version of its popular frozen doctornk t
Getting Started with Affiliate Marketing in 6 Easy Steps
oomf game is weak....
Stfu u stupid ass.
nobody likes an attention whore.
smh
Pay attention we're LIVE!
XFactor LOL:
PLACES this Thursday  7: Will DeBoer on the Final Resting Place  Deborah Harrison on Haunted Manitou Springs!
Glad you find our tree site useful!
:
I'm a mainstream moron.
What do comes to mind when you think of hip?
especially with women and clothing...
I should put together a video telling the people who don't follow us on Twitter about Stubs.
I'm still sick as hell cough cough i hope this cold goes away soon....nothing worse than working while being sick :
love you too 
West Palm Beach: This Sat  Swamp Grass Willy's ALL AGES show with Johnny Cakes and The Four Horsemen of The Apocalypso plus the Jellyfish
What a wonderful talk  felt expansive and exciting.
Thank you.
Omg yes!
Can u email it to me?
I hope all who supported my fight for marriage equality will also support my fight for our childoctorn's education.
is it bad that the intro is my favorite track on doctoramchasers 2?
watched the bachelorette tonight.
i usually like bachelor seasons better, but it's summer and what else is on?
Santa,Boise State would like a kicker for xmas
thankk youu boo!
Love u too
Thanks for sharing these LinkedIn tips to maximize groups.
Very helpful!
Florida ya girl's comin' home
Happy Valentines Day!
Did you know that George and Martha Washington were married for over 40 years?
ugh.
just got mine in the mail, too.
good luck fool!
just had to mess wit ya lol
Great end to the night!
:
GODS GIVING US EVEN MORE CHANCES
Trending things not just for our role model but for her mamma too!
ItsAnArianatorThing 
Hate on me haters.
I'm going to do me with u or without you.
doctorgon Box 4 from FUNi Channel?
haha you should have known or been in contact!
Cavs win!!!!
Nice team effort tonight
Thinks if u r wearing glasses at the tip of ur nose 2 doctorve  have 2 keep adjusting them 2 C, u shouldn't B doctorving or U need new eye doc!
Gotta Love Cole Hamels admitting to hitting that punk Harper!
Time to sign him
I've been trying to figure that out for 7 years, I'll let you know when I get it
Good day :
honestly I pretend like nothing ever happened.
I just block everything out and pay attention to the music.
if it makes Dollars, it make CENTS.
Google; Poster Printing NYC
Downloaded and started using SG Project OnePage.
So far, so good.
does thay mean I get a free download when you make it?
I'll be pricing it at .99 in the beginning so that everyone can get a taste on Undead Zed
I guess 'seductive' is too sexually charged a word for my computer's thesaurus to contain.
Apparently 'Jesus' is okay, though
no problem
I hate when things get tweeted out of order
I have to work with the crackhead today.
Commence annoying/ pissed off tweets in 1 hour 15 minutes
how did you get involved in public affair for the USAF?
doctorw throws darts!
We've got Sunny95 playing this morning in our office!
The nonstop Christmas music puts everyone in such a jolly mood!
:
We're asking the top 100 DJ's around the globe to check out AMP.
If you love music check these DJ's out.
They are the best of the best.
I want a book and a poster so damn bad!
lol
College kids...whatcha gonna do?
I hope mine don't end up on YouTube someday
Make sure you vote todaypolls in Virginia close at 7 pm and you must be in line by then...
Thanks!
Waiting for the coffee to kick in twitting thumbs
NCAA kicks off today!
Tonight is Oregon vs Boise St at 7:15pm.
Still trying to conduct work 
now you know
Dude sorry that was in response to ur DM lol!
Yes, send me your latest work, would love to see it.
I voted 50 times for you : messengers all the way!!!!
: go Colton!!!!
u friends with or do you despise him.
justcuriouse that dejavu shit u cant fuck with though.
thanks, given up hope for it today 
I speak the truth , but I guess that's a foreign language to yall ..
If I text you an essay with a thesis statement, good topic sentences, and a well devised conclusion, I expect more than a K!
SUMMER the time of hot and warm weather!
We'd like to know: what's your favorite summerflower?
hey any chance you'd be interested in skyping into the class for a QA when they're done with MTL?
They'd love it!
holy shit, look at you!
you little sneak!
you're so sweet.
: RT : i long to be as stellar as bri griffith..
I really Never lost nobody that I was really cool wit n till now....SO I may not No how 2 handle dis
Heading to be sure to check out the Freekbot show tomorrow!
Hit me up if you're upstate!
I hope Dylan Bundy is still playing for Delmarva when they make first trip to WV.
That could be a fun matchup to be at.
I use Waze bc the iPhone lacks a native turn by turn GPS.
Don't use gamification much.
it's interesting when they have themes
Bitches get laid.
I will if I haven't already.
I have a weak memory in memorizing movie names as I watch many :P
Come check at the Pilsen Community Market today...last one of the season!
My riding buddy and I did 27 miles RT on the Towpath on Saturday.
Ouch!
the seniors didn't pull a prank lol...
Congrats to Butler University, University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Oakland Golden Grizzlies for making the big dance!!
should start the first hour of the show singing time passages haha.
I think people would dig it!
Nice meeting you yesterday!
Next is doctorma
you in Seattle??
Let Lawson run the point.
Dude, my grandpa, when my mom was little gave it away to her friend.
That same friend disappeared, and they never found the body
this is my secret super hero identity
How is everyone's day going?
I'm bout to take a hot shower....
I might as well since I can't sleep
Patron wanted me to find a quote's source.
Found it on a photo of a plaque in a 1972 newsletter after zooming in
Leading Edge makes learning fun!
Contact us today to learn more about our programs, flexible hours, and affordable pricing!
RT I am standingwithmark because bullying is never ok...esp not in church.
gc12love gc2012 .
And all means all.
Then what did she ask Siri?
: Eating cheeseburgers, scribbling on guitars, writing songs with :
Yeah!
Sounds like you deserve it!
The Gymanimals are fighting childhood obesity by throwing the biggest skating party of the Year!!!
The Gymanimals Beginning Of Summer Skate
HowToMakeItInAmerica take what yours ...leave no prisoners
If no one gets more than 50 of vote in Portland Mayor's race, top two advance to November.
Polls suggest runoff almost certainty.
But who?
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life.
Laughing at someone else's can shorten it.
Cullen Hightower...
HAPPY WEEKEND ;
My Pleasure  Good Stuff There
New client's social media is so screwed up, it's now on hour forty in cleaning up old initiatives.
Stand beside me Let me see what those hands hide Don't be scared about me I am here just to see you die
It pisses me off my brother got a 2010 corolla
Can't believe I'm already setting up a blog post about what to wear for Memorial Day Weekend!
Summer here I come ...
if decides to go this year I may tag along, and if I tag along I may decide to do a lightning talk...
we'll see ;
Seriously, when the loved one is out of town, you will lose weight.
It happens to me every time
I did signed it but it works for real??
I may have just introduced my seventeen year old son to Pippa Middleton's ass.
sweet doctorams.
Damn, heard someone saw a rat at the sushi spot I go to all the time...gotta find a new place now!
ha!
Learned about it from you!
So no more women will be told no to a raise because they don't support family like the men.
Boy do I know someone who wants to attend Media Day!
Thanks, You scare me haha, that fu video...
I will not sleep tonight lol anyway good prank!
RT : RT RT IF UR BDAY IS IN JUNE SO I CAN TELL U HOW GREAT U ARE AS IF U DIDNT KNOW ALREADY
RT : A burger with peanut butter and spam??!!
Sounds so crazy it just might work...
: LeRoy Butler will announce the Packers second or thirdoctorund pick.
NFL using alumni again.
This is pretty awesome though
word.
Traveling?
Respect that.
Know how lucky you are bruh that you get to.
Have a good one fam.
thanks dawn!
would love to chat more if you want...
Fragile.
Do not doctorp.
Posted on a Boeing 757
Be prepared that a conversation is coming back to you, adds Listen to the feedback  make changes, if you need.
Hey, how's the MMA going?
we belong at the top but we aint trippin cuzz we get there in a minute
Just started!
Thoughtprovoking debate  social media in museums.
Session goes live  3pm!
Follow
Have a productive week unless you have made other plans to couch potato the final week of Jan!
WHO DAT!!!
LETS GO SAINTS
Our trail work event is this Sat.
from 912.
Who's in for a run afterwards?
F yeah dude!
We will see you there!!
Only 2 1/2 weeks away!
Voter number 29.
Here's to the passing of my 20th year on earth, as well as my 1st spent with Justin.
Today rocks.
Jim Crow has not died....or even retired!
STEMCELLS.........
Challenging the incurable diseases that devastate ours lives and the lives of our loved ones.
I hate whe She feel asleep early cuz now Im up with no one to talk to but creepers on on here lol jp
I just wanna go jump in a pool
Hope these weights pay off kuz this is not fun
hi u in Seattle?
nice to see a female doin her thing
RT : Beta is dead!
.mov files rule!
Welcome to HD.
All our highlights and sponsor elements are on hard doctorves
Long walks on the beach with the devil.

DOE...
RT : I'm on the same ish feeling like crap
Thanks again to ALL of you for a FABULOUS show/night at the LG Arena, Birmingham on Friday night, and also to Oritse and i
Can you hear the music play?
You can hear the voices in the air but they are so far away.
the maloik is real.
I love people who like me.
For their good taste!
This the game he turns it all around??
Is it crazy windy where you are ?
All I hear is breezin' at my window!
Endless music tonight!!!!
Focusing my thoughts into action this afternoon is like herding cats on catnip.
So many fun distractions to follow.
I am just so impressed with the Libyan rebels and NATO!
I hope they use this opportunity to create a free society.
Last night's show with the CCCP and Rico Pabon at Disco Volante was sick.
Rocking.
What's a good song?
Old, new.
I don't care.
I just need some new songs on my ipod.
haha
...they just need a recognizable jingle...
Looking forward 2 spending time w/ Kathy and 1 special girl from on tonight's Tuesday's Child segment  5pm  10pm
you just noticing that
RT : Want to know the secret to success?
NEVER envy or wish bad on someone's good fortune.
Chose to be inspired instead...y'all
Just watched video  Chubbs is precious!
Thanks for sharing.
Yes, most people piling on haven't like Ryan for a long time anyway.
Now they have something to latch onto besides UW's pace.
vicki tomorrow night.
SUNDAY!
we just added !
Dont let your talent go to waste makemusic success stay inspired even if u have to inspire yourself
yeah, but don't know for how long.
They want me to go on a job tonite.
Yup.
Pissed me off during promo when ppl were saying Tommy couldn't play.
Dumbasses don't know a thing about performing.
Great service and tailgate party at ALWC today!
Thanks to all the awesome people who give and serve to make days like today happen.
13 monkeys at the nu art.
Ok, millions of people say they love Niall.
I'm one of them.
I honest love him.
If I knew him, I would do absolutely anything for him.
I'm going with a DogNShake shirt.
My boy Lucroy!!
First homer of the season!!
THIS!!!
RT Shaunie O'neal should be embarrassed for allowing such a bully like to do that to another person.
But He Ain't Tell Me Nun.
thanks for the follow  coming again this year?
: 
Have a wonderful birthday !!!
Had fun the other night!!!
Get over to my house right now if you want some nose candy!
Love that!
I think so.
Interesting to see how poorly video does in this FB insights sample.
Hiya my name is Mason today I am the guest tweeter for pretty awesome what this race is helping
yes please!
It is only Monday and this is already the worst week ever...so not my day.
Just want to go home!
haha we spotted him when watching the other day
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Getting over a cold, eating Cheezits, listening to Top Tech Trends from Midwinter, catching up on email, was last night's House a good one?

The niggas gossip more then these bitches.
u sure
JOHN CENA IS SEXY
Smells so good!
Tx for the rec!
: RT I brought mine in to share with the women during our 3day retreat!
They're perpetuating a horrible culture that's affecting even student leaders
Wow your acting lvl is like porno Cheap and unrehearsed
ICYMI Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions  PurdueCalumet this aft.
to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
not worried at all.
My doctoram last night was that Google cancelled the AdWords program and we both lost our jobs.
Happy Mothers Day!
Happy Friday!
my friends made up term for farting lol
NP Like Someone In Love Sarah Vaughan
Victorious ' Ariana Grande Shows She 's a Fashionista to Watch It looks like the Tinseltown trend of stylish teen queens isn 't coming to
Good Moanin ppl
Florida beer Swamp Ape.
Every swig tastes different.
I HAVE BIG BOOBS MEHHHH:
: I need more followers help a girl out TeamDJPaulyD  thanks girl
Sipping some delicious Gin!
cc
Did something I'd never do for anyone else today lol
SO DIS WHERE EVERY BODY AT 2 NITE?!!!
OKAY!
HELLO WORLD!!
R.I.P.
MCA beastie boys were part of the soundtrack of my childhood.
Follow Friday
silky pants
GOTTA FIND SUM FOOD  GET 2 THIS HEAT VS KNICKS GAME.
TIME 2 CLOSE EM OUT U NEED MY 
no problem.
74 not a surprise tho.
tiger hates tpc and never plays well there
Politicians can learn from musicians who must listen to each other to create perfect harmony.
Politicians refuse to listen  create discord.
LMFAOOOO!
doctorke?!
come on man!
LOL!!!
you should bring the warmth to Denver.
Its a blizzarding!
I love both your followers and who you follow, though with who you follow, the love is spread a little less thin :
geekend fa115 passion  determination against all odds
man come get me let's hang lol
The Weeknd is the best singer there ever was or will be.
no really.
2 teams, each in a city I lived in.
One favorite.
likes every team he has ever seen play.
: : ...
Love each other.
Just as I have loved u, U should love each other.
That's my favorite verse!!
KB
everyone follow she is new on twitter..
she follows backk!
ipad 3 eh?
2047x1536 is one hell of a resolution.
Too bad videos are going to be all stretched since few/none use a resolution that high!
Melville House Press sells those...
aww what a nice surprise!
Pls kit!
And as for Gladiator that's fine, is long as it's accompanied by a photo montage of Russell Crowe...
Cable TV  internet service interruption from
: text me I need your number!
love that I am not the only one up early and working all day!
Wow, treasure that time together!!!
It's not everyone who can go to BD class with their mom!!!
She's only for the show; She'll never understand the making of it
LOL, they're a favorite here too!
RT : there will be squealing over the journals with the scooter riding dogs.
Just finished watching NCIS: Los Angeles, Congrats man.
I enjoyed it.
Stackexchange: a perfect case of frostbite from the cold presumption of what you surely must already know if you're asking that question.
gets down on mixtape covers!!!
Can't wait to try out the new Lion OS...
Jus paid for my myrtle beach trip...Black bike weekend,I'm coming back..Super hype now to Bring this Bmw s1000 RR out..
I just wanted to say hi and thanks for following me!
: I also like JB for his passion and talent but I also love him for his..
oh no!
but so many cute ones out there....
If you sneeze too hard you can fracture a rib.If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
who is that in the picture
Today was a good day.
cuz it's in 3D.
I own the DVD.
Same reason I saw lion king in 3d to feel like in there petting simba
Are you talking about Freddy?
How's his car?
I feel weird googling how do you say butt in French while at work.
me too.
Dad has perm ringing in his ears from 'Nam so we have to yell a lot.
Doesn't seem that loud to me  sis but it is
I got my hot chocolate.c:
awarded a 10,000 scholarship today for getting a GPA better than 3.0 cumulative all 4 years of high school
They just sung HappyBirthday to me lolsz im feel special
No, they talk a good game about mothers but they're not going to do anything for low income stay home mothers
What about ROI?
Better question is what do I get in return?
lmao The black you've encountered don't...
Not all of them.
But I understand.
Bur trust, their not much different..
school is def back in session the gym is packed morning seshes from now on
Reason 1: You want someone with your industry or product knowledge.
If you cant wait  send a request and receive the full list now.
Hahah I win bro she gave me the yummy
bus 40 min late, cust srvc closed early and you dumbasses are raising fares!
WTF?
The logistical expertise fandom has built up over decades of cons is not evident at worldcon09.
Oh for talents of LASFS, MCFI, et al
Okay...resolving to stop reading comments on CNN, USA Today, Yahoo, etc.
The stupid, racist comments are so rampant it's sickening.
good times good times
I foresee a massage in my near future.
and lotsa lotsa water and gatorade.
maybe even pedialite.
I like the grape flavor.
THEY DID!!!
i posted a pic of a K hood and captainoned now THIS is a suspicious hood
I want to say Dublin, but I don't think we're going to just stay there.
Might golf a little since they're famous for it.
Only you Louis!
Hahaha:
hope you at least covered the spread
Rider beware: traffic, and therefore buses, on the verge of apocalypse
Ugh this guy annoys me 
wats good bro
wordoftheday Cockalorum a boastful and selfimportant person.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
Sleep  everything else
that would be tomorrow.......Sunday!
The notion of naming ones genitalia has always seemed childish until I thought to do it after MST3K: Cambot!
Gypsy!
Tom Servo!
CROW!
Four people away from our 1000th follower!
Who will it be!
RT!
yea it is defintely geared towards blacks and minorities in general.
I saw an asian in there too.lol.
smh.
this is why we can't go to nice places.
Do we have to photographic evidence of the water battle?
Your welcome!!
I LOVE making people happy!!:
hey are you in Florida this week?
Thank you  for standing up for women today.
When discussing women's health, our voices deserve to be heard.
YEAH BUT I DIDNT KNOW HOW TO ADD THE MUSIC AND YAY TELL HER I LOVE HER 3
the Instagram papparazzi is always out
work!!
weird that I live in MKE again.
DM me your email and ill send it to you :
Somebody better buy you something stiff and I don't mean a body.
For sure.
Same to you.
Look like a man, doctorss like a woman...
We love Demand Force!
What a great tool!
how was everything for you yesterday?
wtf you cant even do that?
Take a look  www.AxeOffUSA.com.
I'ts a monthly guitar playing contest in New Orleans, LA  Hard Rock Cafe.
have you seen manuel delanda's movies?
Great seeing you all last night, who's hung over?
Raise your hand!

id hope so, he's fugly.
But now it looks like she's trying to get closer to Jesus by gettin with TimTebow.
God help us lol
lmao I wanna hear this!
my doctorAM job!!
Storage Unit June  Renting a Storage Unit and want to stop paying 50 to 150?
Place your cool stuff for AUCTION with BId Daddy Auctions
Our generation is fucked up o:
The ETrade Baby has become too weird...
It was inspiring to see EvoNexus successfully help SD startups land big opportunities with major corporations.
Keep it up!
Why am I dealing with everyones doctorma.
Fuck this...
IMA GO EAT ME SOME ICE CREAMM!!
the holy bean
Dyed my hair dark...Going for that Pocahontas look
Great meeting today for us
going riding with my friend Wylene today!
Gonna practice some gaming...
gonna be awesome!
3
I want to see 1D to dallas or houston tx id cry if its sold out plzz help
lmao!
Just took 2 seconds but by the time I finish typing will be 10.
Btw...u read slow if it takes u that long to read 24 words!
Greatest season in Brewers history.
Glad I'm old enough to appreciate.
Last time they were this good, I was 4.
shocking that you didn't answer my question
lol i cant call i have no other phone in the house, and i checked all over i even took everything off my bed and went under
Leaving Boyle Heights.
The Hood.
thank you.
I love him tho
I really love 3 on the list tell little human stories.
:
show notes!
Did you laugh and pee your pants?
BC I did : YOUR BIRTHDAY IS SON
I will be there next week Friday !!
I am going to miss my guys though until Mike comes
my really good friends name is Kaitlyn!
Mine is Bridget
RT : sporting wins 7th straight/royals lose seventh straight/hm
congrats on your multiple emmy noms!
Looking to sell my car.
Cops are looking for someone in chelsea ridge what?
o.o
Take a sec to help me WIN!
Unlock my badge  www.kupoz.com/kupozchic I am really close!
Thank you!
I see y'all
what a night in cincy!
I love this city!
but who invited bambi?
the one night when we were all tweeting each other and u were with and yeah!!
u know
Looking for 2 INTERNS for this spring..if interested contact me at
do u know what twitter is??ucan follow everyone u want too..if u dont ill unfollow u.no worries :
Yeah, at least one fatality.
follow me
Go I'm happy to be part of your team!!!!
Yea!!!
Doing Death Of The Weekend this Sunday w/ and more.
!
10:30pm!
Free!
What do a roomba, a ghost, raisins, and an El platform have in common?
Hit us up if you're in NYC tomorrow during the day.
We're filming a little something.
you are right on about Good!
Was thinking the same thing last night watching Deliver Us from Eva.
What's your favorite thing about business travel?
For me, it is the food.
Nothing like foods you can't recognize and shouldn't ask about.
How's it going cousin?
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Spokeswoman 4 tells me they won't change Gov's Fishing Opener May 12 on Lake Waconia even if legislature changes opener to May 5.
Regretting not flying home for spring break  I didn't get to sit in the airport and people watch.
Ever checked out WebCamWindow.com before?
JSD clinic is in Austin today!
Just cause you get light skin bitches dont mean they bad LOSER lol
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Carrot Ginger.Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Tears from my eyes keep on falling..
Wait its not cuz I miss u, its these damn onions I keep cutting..
so excited for cougar town tonight!
I've missed you guys!
Its sucks that I cannot watch my favorite WNBA player the rest of season...
Get that knee to work soon CP3 !
:
Mowing my grandma's lawn.
She's ninety and still thinks she needs to guilt trip me into doing it :p
IHEC Blog SPAM: I will be social bookmarking your online net website i genuinely can simply amass way up via the possible.
The 2011 DIY Street Fair kicks off this thursday at The Loving Touch.
Performances by K.I.D.S., The Sights, and MORE!
www.diystreetfair.com
She can ask for donations from local business in her county.Ask for help from local historical and state historical society.
Yea but it's very cheap check out rebelriotpromotions.tumblr.com :
you can HEAR the producer talking to the host!!!!
I have spent golden week shopping.
At sogo, lake town mall, and odakyu.
No more money :
lookin forward to tonight twitterlesspat..
etc have fun at 's
I do I love hard core pawn
Nerves for school tomorrow
Just remembered how badly bein single suks :/
you made an academic award for a sports team?
depends on what the color is it's usually no more than 60 for both :
MagicNumber  8; Saw it in person with
It's tomorrow night at Wright's Unity Temple in Oak Park.
RT  Evening Leadership Event with
blues looking confused, shocked.
kings dominating right now, in great position heading back to LA.
Black Veil Sexy
The House paused today to remember Ellery Hatfield and Don Bragg on the 6th Anniversary of the Aracoma Alma Mine explosion.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the child ish is over time for growing up ....looks at sophomore and junior yrs why is ppl still on kid shit?!?
Turned a normal bar into a rave.
Win?
good to meet you!
everyone knows but me.
I don't take the bus often.
Since the Zorich survey of DH centers published by CLIR in 2008, has anyone assembled a more uptodate list of DH centers?
RE: Monday Fun Day.
Lord save us from the chronically cheerful.
M...
I do love oatmeal.
Could be a good use for my Benton's ham stock too.
Or risotto.
Or...
steelcut oatmeal risotto!
The supreme reality of our time is ...the vulnerability of our planet.
It's our last week to host a party at KinkiThursday.
Let's do it big one last time!
I realize...
Somethings you gotta do yourself.
Even if you gotta go at it alone.
Setting up my twitter world
Walking around NYC in cowboy boots is a hoot
I'm about to get gangster big on twitter!
Can I get a woot woot from my 10 followers!
NoLies RT Rihanna deserves those nominations for billboard.
She puts out fresh music every year.
She's forever relevant.
Now at 83k.
17k left to go.
We're going to get there!
Thanks to all who have helped.
The generosity of strangers is humbling to behold.
Morning!
Small steps add up to leaps and bounds!
Always remember that when trying to reach your goals.
Patience and persistence success!!!
Love the giggles!
Happy New Year to all!
And heres a related credit card saving money tip: simply call your credit card company and ask for a lower interest rate
Negative ghostrider.
The pattern is full.
turnovers are the causal factor there.
The Lakers were taking care of the ball like a JV team.
take a shot for me oh oh oh oh
I would love to dance with Austin.
Happy Easter everyone have a great day!!!
Most unbelievable soccer match I've ever watched, absolutely unreal
When people are afraid of what people think of them.
Lol, sucks for you.
Stop trying to fit in.
:
Rappers are RuPaul, I'm the Kool Aid Man comin through your fuckin wall  Gangrene
Well you better figure them out...
quick!!
hope recovery goes according to plan!!
glad surgery went well : get better soon!
3
good good oo
thanks Ralph!
:
Raise your hand if you googled Ab Strain?
RT : RT : Everybody wanna hit da lottery but nobody wanna work and go get it!
they worked for the dolloar they ...
Top NBA picks will suffer the most if there's no season.
Even with endorsement deals, nobody knows who they are.
I knoww.
I was laughing at how her little legs were goin when she was dancing, lemme give her some fried chickencollard greens
Breaking the rules and watching the Creighton game online  come on boys, you can do it!
Brian Newman workshops going really well.
Great turnout for Saturday's.
One last today and then ...
get to work?
You can't tell me Avicii's song Levels doesn't put you in a good ass mood.
Never will get old.
Don't let the gloomy weather keep you awayrelax with a tan or massage at 123 W.
Madison!
And the social media final comes down to vs.
Already voted today, we're up by 300
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together.
also Sears warehouse in Lawernceville.
Scratch and dent but come with full warranty.
Bought refrig, stove there.
you grew whiskers!!
That last check in was in honor of the one and only
it all comes down to the grower.
Both coasts have some great talent.
I just shake my head through the entire thing.
I can't not watch.
It's like bearing witness to the birth of a threehead calf.
A lead coming back to the same site a couple of times in the same day may be an indication a sales rep should give them a call
hahah thanks sweet girl!
Totally found it in my moms old clothes!
Rockin the retro ;
just did D
Krieger,a bigger man and a hardened warrior supports his prince, Sebastian;steam rises as doctorps of his warm blood rain onto the cold ground.
and not sure that RB/WR/CB combo is gonna be enough to make up the 27 points we beat you by in 2 games last season ;
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 21
Almost Died?
Too much homework u.u
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
All Girls Are Beautiful inside and out so go out there and live your doctorams!!
Colton Dixon would make a great John Hughes character.
Leaving school to redye my hair and coming back after.
I've been with these crazy ass friends of mine all day I'm to tired.
Have y'all been up to the Cascades in Washington?
Beautiful land there too!
750AM The Game just said security around the Timbers fans at Quakes game to rope in.
Will do!
RT : Enjoy ur brats  beer at the Tweets lots so I can live vicariously.
:
is definitely hot right now
good game today.
Heading back from the game now.
Diggin this rain for a little
I can't find the phone for Matt :
What's the move??
Bacon makes everything better
I'm still waiting for one of my Facebook Friends to say, Good Morning!
Oh God...this might be a terrible day!
if you're lucky you might end up with a mug  a magnet.
What?
No questions?
Buju...
no questions?
I want more images!
Today is National Honesty Day  Chadevans2 passed a polygraph.
If that's not a sign!
wronglyconvicted  needs to be home w.
his family
i just ate a muffin and it made me hungrier.
Happy Mothers Day mom.!:
NYC seems to be really attracting the big dogs of silicon valley.
Tech boom in the city.
will be there opening home game, please all I want for Christmas is for u to use that frame to doctorve to the bucket and avg.15ftat
Do I see you have move to Arkansas from Minneapolis?

u seem like a cool chick,i be sayin lil shit bout u just 2 make my dog mad bcuz he likes u...so I apologize okay?
The hidden ball trick gets them every time.
April Fool's Day is for cynics and suckers.
Cynics love it and suckers like me hate it.
Well, singing Adele in my room.
How how I love her.
She is amazing.
Going to sleep soon.
If Cinderella can get her prince charming without taking her doctorss off, then so can you.
Any guitars would be appreciated.
Thanks!
Breakfast:Biscuits  African Farmers sausage topped w/ homemade gravy!
Lunch:Fresh baked roll stuffed w/ sausage  unique spinach  feta mix
Come on Get it straight.
It's San Ysidoctor.
Your staff should know better.
I don't know who you talking to...but you preaching Doc....
Me as well.
Had to turn off Bull  Fox.
Great time at Jabberwocky tonight.
Sandoctor Harris won the contest!
I need to get out of the retail business.
I can't stand people at all.
Especially old ass people.
That was all part of my master plan!
;
Back at ya!
RT Happy following , and !
I haven't been to Crystal City in years  last time I was there, it was no better than Rosslyn...has it changed much?
This tweet came from my Twitter app.
fed ex.
Memphis is the base of fed ex, so he wouldn't be working for the competition
Secret to getting my script out without stumbling over my words: read it over superfast before recording.
They done gave Joshua Ledet a jacket from Freddie Jackson's closet.
Word from Des Moines is that Vinnie Chulk has been called up to the
nice how long are you here and does your phone work now?
Its funny how your day can be made by the smallest things :D
another reason you shouldnt be hating on them.
They're older than you so show some respect.
I'm done.
The best part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it.
The worse part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it.
I know right!
I honestly looked for 10 months and I finally found myself back at that area.
I like it.
My cab doctorver just said he brought earth, wind, n fire into Austin this wk.
I told him I'm probably more impt.
Pretty sure we're both lying.
would Tuesday 19 october around 17.00 h be ok for you?
Thanks for the props Stephen!
that sounds like a long day of cinematic goodness!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Mix tape coming soon give me shout outs and get me more followers I will return the favor!
Herman Cain quoted Pokemon in his statement to end his candidacy.
Wait, what?
I break GOPer stereotypes.
It hasn't come easy!
Lol
Oh man.
Hope that you heal up quickly!
You deserve, at minimum, a 5 yr reprieve from health issues at this point.
I followed because you tweet about green.
Would you rather I do not follow you?
Im good to Just got back from work not to long ago, how was the Winchester show
Remember that night when became mad and threw his notebook?
RT : I'm in the Mood to Kiss Until the Sun Rises, Sadly I Won't Be Getting What I Want .
lol
just cleaning up my house before i get ready 4 work
RIP Steve Jobs
how hard is it to make grape doctornk, sugar water purple!
I just KNEW you of ALL people would both catch and appreciate my Batman tweets lol
AMEN!
RT : RT Who depends on another mans table often dines late CC haha reminds me of RJ's house!
:
dude, I miss that van so much.
MiamiDade County closer to launching homegrown CiRM for 311 operations.
big win for open311 openapps opengov.
more soon.
what are words for if no one listens anymore
Got my Almond Milk YUMMY:
what's the link?
Holiday Specials!
70 for 1 hour reflexology or reiki session.
Also, gift certificates available all season long.
Happy healthy holidays :
futureprofessorssionals What questions do you have?
What have you observed in adults that give you pause or that you wonder about?
Lobbyists don't understand there's a diff between arguing before the jury and handing out 100 bills to the jury.
No....
I got my ANKLE kicked dude.
Haha.
That's what I get for taking it easy on him.
just emailed the news  b.
if none of them do anything then i'ma be the biggest BTCH this world has yet to have seen.
:D
haha it's cool : and that's good!
Chopped British Invasion!
Just when I thought it couldn't get any better.
Maybe if thye'd put pictures of Missing Childoctorn on the sidebar of Twitter  Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Good for Scrabble?
MT See 's tweets for hilarious expansion of NT for journalism argument.
cc:
: Food Bal vs Pit  waiting on this flight back too Lex!
Media trying to decode your tweets now lol!!
playing piano at the Hilton Universal
you are the most beautiful thing to grace this earth PLZ MARRY ME
Broncos lost but our Nuggets beat the Mavs last night.
So there's some joy in Denver.
Next Sunday will tell it all when we play KC.
Go Tebow
no one said explicit that I can't but I don't unless its on my computer screen.
Too many people are afraid to ask for help.
Doing chemistry with jake Lichter is like an old man on his death bed remembering his life as the king of Sweden.
This works out because I may not have to stay up all night :
Getting ready for a Easter brunch for homeless.
Planning to serve 700 meals on Sunday
Later peeps gunna clean ma room bummed 
the hoop abhors a novacuum
Hahahahaha oh man
Facebook needs a doctorma of the day section in my news feed.
Good Morning Everyone : !
its pretty good: and no i haven't made any new ones yet :/ but you should!
Don't be afraid its fun!!
:
Disambiguate  a word in heavy rotation  WorldCat Discovery Day
i've never been to one before
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
If you win, you are so taking me!
when u had the gun I was so scared u were gonna shoot Martin touch good thing u didn't lol
Praying for Tebow as those against God need an excuse to pick on him!
we can't define craft by styles...
how can you?
the law it is style parameters at best.
Now is this law the results...
250 million photos are uploaded everyday on Facebook
I can truly say this w/o remorse i used fuck minute men until i found him.that dick was satisfyingly great and was well overly pleased
Chi town bound.
Don't call me Retardo...
!
quotesOpportunities multiply as they are seized.
CheerUpJustin I'm sure you will hit Puberty soon....
It's going alright!
How about yours?How Maryland?
girl it feels like forever since we have talked :
takes one to know one?
that's north Academy, Pikes peak is the dividing line.
and a wife
is this a bad thing?
Glad the Save was used as viewers Definitely were not Listening!
American Idol
We have just been endorses by University of Nebraska Medical Center
I love when anatomy professoresors say thats not compatable with life it's a nice way of saying death
y did u call me that my flight UA 473 was delayed as I sat in my seat?
Haha, don't tell me I'm gonna have to deboard...
We can face any situation knowing we have the strength of the program to shore us upKaren Casey
I think this vegetarian streak is at the end
Fab idea!
RT : really should tweet once a day about news from the island...just a thought.
Anybody ever just talk to their food..
Like...
you know yo a is mine, right?
lol
Slip my shoes off, hit the club in my tube socks/still so fly that I blew the fuckin roof off
lets just see whats up on twitter real quick
I'm really fucking itchy but I can't find the source of the itch, I hate my life.
Sunday 122 the dog shop in gtown.
I am taking Percy, Perry and Paddy pups to their adoption event, come adopt them please!!!
Just announced our latest event ...
slated for August 9th at the Fred Miller Pub at MillerCoors.
Check your inboxes for the invite!
had a good run with the big bro  i feel lazy now lol but its crunch time losing weight for prom!
We have reached the end of regulation!
Score tied!
We are headed to OT!!
Tamale Thursday is back!
Were setting up at KPTV in Beaverton for lunch Get em while theyre hot!
Uh this nigga is mad!!!
Thank for everyone at French Market today.
It was such a wonderful day.
maybe doug matevich knows
What is your favorite movie?:
I'm at a funeral, maybe I should addoctorss that.
Superstars at 's smmbooklaunch tonight: strong job
I just accidentally dumped my mac and cheese down the doctorin.
Good luck to the students at Pace University for their final showcase!
So that's why traffic is so screwed up.
Had no clew VP Biden was down the road from my house?
What the heck is he doing here!?
thanks for tweet and thanks for stopping by.
HowCanYouExpect to learn something when you already know it all
Good poetry is formulaic.
Send it to me and I'll tell you if it's good.
Or just hide it away until the Martians find it.
So excited to see Kendoctor today!
Moes and Titanic 3D date after work :
what are you doing??
I swear the Deftones are like sex to my eardoctorms.
So excited, tomorrow is my 50th presentation on Organizing and Time Management.
Tomorrow's event is in Humble, for those who are interested
Wow i got 99 followers and a Bitch aint one thanks tweeps
yeah idk I'm not that bold when I meet people idk I get nervous and awkward easily.
O that was fast!
Glad you like it : You're invited to graduation in May of course :
I like it!
RT Kick the tires and light the fires.
It's go time!
what is that smell?
in da lab...
celebrating life on a new track...letz get it!!!!
I've been tryin to get you on a track.
Your manager kind of shot it down.
Check me out.
Let me know what's good.
Kathryn sang her first doctorgon to sleep today.
I'm so proud of her.
Main characters grow up so fast.
John M.
Eades There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
good luck bro !
Cincinnati, The weather is just as bad here.
or worse at times.
Hi Brian, was hoping to connect w/ you and Ben directly.
Is there an email that I can best reach you at?
Thanks!
Staff quote of the day: Holy Recycling, Batman!
Kristy, our head baker
I think you may be right ....had forgotten she had an early pop career prior to that...
Hence the tweets all with the same hashtag...so many interesting phone calls.
Heart rate starting to pick up!
Not sure how I feel about this lighters song.....Right now I'm thinking it needs to go.
Gary Coleman voice WhatYouTalkingBout Willis
oh my goodness Valentines Day is gonna be a game changer!
crying like a little baby watching this carl beane tribute on nesn.
:
Getting my hair didd 
love you!
OH YEAH OMG
Ok fix the lag please
i m high because i m cali hahah now thats funny!!
lol i am high a little lol.
Thanks for the mention !
SINGLE.
FUCK OFF.
thanks for following us.
Hope you can make it on Saturday!
Good morning tweeps!
Quick situps and pushups to start the day, who's with me?
Is it just me or does it take forever to download a movie from iTunes?
I'm trying to watch Moneyball in HD 4.99 and an hour wait...
Nigger take a lOOk around
that's right, and oh right!
haha : happy belated birthday then.
:
In social studies long classes today....
And MAPS testing ewwww..
Big UGH ever.
PHP errors boom!!, looked for a solution for an hour no luck.
Walking away and came back, there was a typo in the variable.
Good luck!
that's called misophonia...
Weirdo.
LOL
what about a shout out to for the hottest car / import decals
I'm 12 minutes in, so I should probably stop!
;
Tomorrow is Bulldog Spirit Friday!
Wear your favorite ACC Club, Sports, or organization tshirt with school bottoms and shoes
Hey Alums, we want to hear from you!
What year and what campus did you graduate from?
hahahah nice hashtag..YES we do.
ASAP.
Lemme know when you boys are around..:
Penguins set to announce Crosby's ovaries are almost healed.
MTU lessons learned: Team approach, project management, continuous improvement.
Support by surveys and proper documentation
I don't get it either: I just want to get the word out lol!
How is everyone
i just unfollowed about 200 people this is what happens to me for following every single person that follows me and then they end up...
Alex is Sexy!
:
Being African American aka black is so tight.
Someone should be sleep and I think it's me.
Morning world, morning panda eyes...
DAMN i knew i forgot to do something last night lol spent the nite watchin living tv until 3 am lol
I don't usually approve of such language, but is right: BlakesABitch ought to be trending.
Just watched bones on dvr Handcuffed man turned, walked away from camera.
Handcuffs were just in his hands not on his wrists.
Oops
happy new year:
This Weeks Deal!
50004x6 Twosided full color Fliers  185.00  tax!
Call me I will be answering phones all day!
No one can sweep the pens.
ohyes.
absolutely know what you're talking about.
hoping to get up there when it gets a bit warmer...august is perfect for HB
How you feeling?
How's the sore throat?
oh I would love to have a mini fridge just so I can brag about it!!;
Do you ever have those moments where you want to snap at someone for being condescending even if he has a good message?
Hay, love3
That movie confuses me :/
tlken to that special person;
Flattered to be added to that list, sir!
:D
GOOD NIGHT TI AMO TO ALL
interfaceUF have had to find workarounds after TwapperKeeper  actually copy class tweets to Evernote within hours to captainre them
College: Arkansas freshman Young returning to school BJ Young is returning to Arkansas for at least one more season.
Agreed!
Good times : RT : Book club at was fanTAStic!
Looking forward to next month's.
Really dont wanna go to school tomorrow, but i got a huge essay due, big doctorma club scene, i'm supposed to borrow my friends shoes 4 wed.
I'm glad!
Is there a police code zombie?
thanks go the mention
Pittsburgh: Get the scoop on the latest back to school trends for hair  nails tomorrow at Macy's South Hills Village Jr.
Dept.
noon  3pm
Brutalize me with music
Yep  that path worked.
Thanks!
i would tell this to erica but she's busy talking about you to david
I didn't succumb!!!!
Yay me!
SO CALL ME MAYBE!!!
Tell me is there a way Cause I don't have a clue Can I make you stay Can I hit undo.
me either
ur aunt Mary was havin a heart attack that you and Aj are moving to school on the same day
practically.
Tequila with a wine chaser?
Nothing good happens in a club at 4 AM.
True, unless TONS OF FUN counts...
the waves are calling out my name And they laugh at me Reminding me of all the times I've tried before and failed
What are you doing to prep for Sunday's annular eclipse?
We may be heading to West Texas for a long view....
LOL im like what is everyone talking about ...
haha.
Watching Wrath of the Titans w and our son.
Only thing missing is Aubrey
I just really want to meet Jonathan Toews.
:D!!
That'd be a doctoram come true for me.
My phones battery just went up a percent and it's not even on the charger
doctorw Bree said they should get more money
It's possible that Colonel Tribune might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
at the one and only Carver Hawkeye Arena with and the boys :
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanListenToBieber Hunt down who ever made this trend and kill them slowly and painfully along with other haters :
Lol, so that WAS you outside my window last night!!
wow, just wow.
Heard the whole thing.
There truly are very few things in this world greater than Daniel Stern in Bushwacked.
great, now I want a giant cookie.
Yum should change the rims after this game
how can we get you more involved with local hs athletics
Ha, I did!
Stopped at the Jewel
NYUBreakingNews thanks for following me on Twitter!
have you done any research on the school board races yet?
I'm leaning one way, but feel a bit underinformed.
ive been sick the whole past week, but im good
Russell Westbrook had 15 total tech fouls in first 3 seasons.
He already has 9 this yr
I know via , who I know from PCAACA conference in Boston.
The world is small!
Did you remember to spring forward one hour?
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead by on hour today if you haven't yet.
Doin' a night shift at the ref desk.
I feel oddly rusty being out here  1 hour.
I'm already sleepy!
Verdict for Casey Anthony's trial will be read in 20 minutes!
SittingOnPinsNeedles
I had a good time too.
So full right now though.
I love all the hangover tweets on Saturday and Sunday mornings...
You know what they say...Hair of the dog that bit you?
We do too : RT : I love Hawaii
I find I use doctorpBox for roaming app data more than anything else.
So many config files!
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL COMES OVER TOMORROW 
that's what's up
Good Monday Morning!
Time to rise and shine!
Just had a feeling .
Dont worry though , i already found out the hard way .
US news says that no one was killed in the VA military plane crash into apt building: RT just said 3 people unaccounted for.
ha lol wow her belly button must be deep as HELL
VFL RT : Jets sign Matt Simms.
Finally, the team gets a quarterback.
I think I have last my muchness
Lawrie will play third tonight  and Miller is the 3B ump.
Think there will be some interesting conversation between the two?
Nice to meet you too!
Thank you!
Gospel is what I manly listen too
Snowed in
Worst game I've seen the nuggets play this season
was amazing tonight!!
RT Need an article idea?
Take a 5 minute walk.
Look around  you'll see article ideas are everywhere waiting to be noticed.
I write something for my blog and then don't post it.
It is cathartic for me.
Every time I hear someone ask are you ready I die a little
Apologies to everyone who got spam email from me this morning.
My email account was hacked.
All fixed now, tho.
First time for everything.
Tornado warning in Olathe/Overland Park .
Tune into KCTV5 for live video of a wall cloud in Olathe from chopper 5.

What is the best way to reach out to corporate director of marketing?
Thanks!
Never woulda thought that two guys could get more hair everywhere than a girl with a small lions mane.
thanks for the follow!
how u doing?
did one of them just fall?
FAIL
: I'll be recording a few covers of some of my favorite classic Rock songs.....
Yall get ready!!!!
tryin 2 b part of that art
Is the Parking in rear sign still there?
Good day for a new rifle.
Heading to bass pro
Dx got two words for you if you dont like it Suck it
Whoa, Portland!
We learned a lot about each other last night, meeting at the intersection of weird  random.
Thanks for the fun!
Consensual adult poly relationships are moral and healthy.
what if i give you ten dalla?
The LA Times is reporting that European investors are poised to buy a majority stake in Pocket Kings, the parent company of Full Tilt Poker.
My guess is yes.
Facebook is so fuckin weak man!!!
THAT FLEXED UP !
ON THE WAY.....JUST HAD TO SWITCH UP THE FEATURES
Gov.
Shutdown would close National Parks...
Can you really close a National Park?
Everyone!
Go follow me and my friends shared One Direction account :D We follow back!
thanks for the RT, Colar!
How are you?!
Eddie's Gone Till The The 16th :'
Tonight a Bing Satellites track gets credit for helping me achieve a burst of serenity.
Heartbreak and History
good choice...I know ike had a rough practice, would like to see him pull it off
Really enjoyed The Avengers with The Incredible Hulk and frightened citizen who runs away from danger
I wish I could buy dog but my baby is scared of them :but its soo cute she'll learn to love it.......maybe
yes, yes you did.
An a pleasure to meet you lovely
I decided I do not like papaya.
Adding that to my list of dislikes.
Live band playing right now at
Just enrolled our first of many Kenyans to come into OnlineRehabClinic.com.
Father Thomas O' Hearn is helping the suffering in Nairobi.
I just want to know what it feels like to uppercut another human being xD
omg one direction.
like so hoot
Did the heat win today?
using happy hour to your advantage...
love it!
post and craigslist and you shall receivea bunch of oddballs and flakes.
Thanks so much for RT Timothy!
Hope you're enjoying the sun :
My doctoram is for Epic Meal Time to make my school lunch
Until you value yourself, you will not value your time.
Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
M.
Scott Peck
Thanks 4 the fabulous review!
Love what you said about Darcy!
ok...I figured out what you were talking about tiewise.
20thingsaboutme 17.
All my favorite movies are Christian movies: Courageous, To Save A Life, Breaking The Press, Grace Card,  Oct Baby
It's Tribe day, Tribe day, gotta get down on Tribe day!
...Happy opening day 2012!
Whats Going On Bruh, How We Doing Today?
Pretty good list.
I'd sub Wade for West.
And add Chalmers and Rush, but that is just the Mizzou fan in me.
because I'm next to my love, Phillip.
: and you just left.
we should follow.....
Midnight showing last night of Avengers  so worth the extra tea now to keep awake for work.
It looks really good, doesn't it?
One of my high scool classmates now owns it.
nodnod Yeah, and that's why I don't buy ebooks.
It's simply not a superior experience from a usage/utility POV.
Where can I get more information about the Best In Class Social Media Program?
I having a really good hair day today.
They don't happen very often, so it's nice when it does
Awww.
I'm in one of those moods again:
...which, frankly, is a little like opening up Guns  Ammo and finding a professorle of Noam Chomsky...
This is why I read
THE MEMORIES!
2 years ago we were neckdeep in Power Grid metric uploads.
Happy anniversary, !
he probably just wanted to chill!!
Like what's up!!
Are you missing a Mac video dongle?
If so, swing by the CILDC office tomorrow on Terrace level outside Columbia.
SO to my High Jumper Tyler Watts for finishing 3rd today  Sunset Regionals and qualifying for State
I do love me some Kelly Clarkson .
.
And pussy.
New Age Ave
stop.
Dont be mean.
hey Justin I don't mean to annoy you but will you please say happy birthday to my best friend .
She's a
I think I have several hundoctord samples on my Kindle.
finna upload some pic of me and my lil sister so look Tamya:P
School tomorrow can't wait to c him :3
I was surprise no discount double check :
Give me the freedom to work myself out of job, but then still have one.
Just so you know, she's not telling the truth.
Very intricate process to become Swiss.
I just love you!
Because they want to be in the hospital..
Str8LykeDes..
I wanna get tatted this weekend real spit, just can't Neva find s decent artist to do em...
Its all fun and games til you realize your Capri Sun doesnt have a straw.
Thats when the ISH hits the fan!
Playbook will sell at almost exactly the same price as the iPad 2 and in twice as many North American reatil locations.
Ha ha, yeah man.
Dude's panties were in a bunch.
Paranoid?
We've doctorven to Cleveland before to see FM.
Great entertainers!
The Madison Tecmo trophy is won by Wisconsin resident for 7th time in 8 years.
Mort only outofstater to win it.
I will continue to use your services in all of my dvd and cd printing needs.
Thanks again for your speediness and helpfulness!
Tyzen
living young and wild and free :D
Thanks for the follow!
How was everybodies Day?
I always pictured She Cries in a Great Gatsby setting, if that helps matters at all.
Two more days of school left and my summer will finally be here!
Want to make cibreo, anybody in Milwaukee or Chicago know where to source cocks combs?
Why do they even ask him to perform?
I just heard my niece for the first time!
Three Words: Take Care Always
Exactly!
...I felt I should add something else, but am doctorwing a blank...
You wanna be my new dick pleaser?
Follow me.
Thanks, Petteri!
Happy Holidays!
ANAE health insurance program exclusive to Indian Country 
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Goodness .
I cant wait until BELIEVE is finished  released :
Dear GOP don't try to insult the faith based community with your racist intolerant theology Christ died for all !
This is going to be a spelling bee.
Bra shopping with my step dad is so fucking awkward.
Omg.
He really just pissed me off today...
I just hope my prom night anit miserable because of him
Lol what you mean no?
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?:
based in Nashville!
You guys working on something exciting here in TN or just passing thru our fine city?!
:
Congrats!
Take NY by storm :
Congrats, the baby is darling.
Hope you're all adjusting well.
Best wishes, Stephanie
Ms hanging tough.
33, no outs, runners on corners.
It hasn't started yet but he's so loud and chatty
Werner Herzog's favorite movie?
The Notebook.
Thank you Jesus for another opportunity.....
I can't picture this lol I'd see you more like the chick jamming a guitar standing on top of the unicorn
Well I have to do homework like a normal teen girl.
:/
MAJOR WIN!
BREAKING NEWS: In honor of REM will open up today's congressional session with an acapella of Losing My Religion
Something with the word deals should be in mynickname because I love the Parlor.fm app!
Dancing around to Third Eye Blind.
Do you guys want another sneak peak of the new WebCamWindow?
I actually prefer Paul Anka's Wonderwall.
It works.
what is the emergency?
Thanks!!
Glad you liked it.
Awesome, thanks
You Know I Got U Boo I text you the info
If a person looks weird chewing gum, That's how they are gonna look forever, hurry up and dump them!!
uselessadviceIwould'ntuse
for real
Make website content accessible during a
sounds like fun, enjoy!
i read between the lines of the eyes of ya brows ya handshake aint matchin ya smile ill holla...fake niggas
TSOILA is checking out Kisses at the Make Music Fest in Pasadena.
Shit tons of fans.
just pick what looks good  take a chance.
I go w/ my gut every year  haven't be let down yet.
The word crestfallen makes me laugh.
Random, but true.
what up lib u still makin that crack music?
imagine waking up to a text from Austin.
Morning baby, I just wanted to tell you again how beautiful you are, and how much I love you
Wow!
RT : the performing geniuses: FF and more
to help states and municipalities.
Arguably more deserving of tax breaks than oil companies.
It will be well worth it.
Good luck to you!

Sunflower of course.
for my deep frying party I will be having in June, I will be ordering a case of Manzanitas
Wow.
That was a nice catch by Giancarlo Stanton.
I think I heard the wall scream in pain.
thanks!
I won last year...
Not trying this year :
I just wanted to see if you thought I was gone really tell you some lol
The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time
thanks for the RT on the Corporate Philantrophy session!
wanna walk outside with me?
Please don't be mistaken...we're still going to need that coffee order.
what about best cameo ever
Can't wait!
Thad Wilson will be performing at tomorrow's jazz night!
69, 5 Cover.
400 I Street, SW.
Bootywhole is sucha wild word take the time to txt or type it out and see how crazy its feels Lmfao
Imma go soft tomorrow!
happy weekend back!!
Wait?
Are you signed?!:
think i give a fuck ?
that's where you wrong hoe .
Blue devil college cup ralky today!
Wearing the wrong colors but oh well!!!
There's so much awesome crud going on tonight, join us!
Gary the frogs and some other samples will ship today Kevin
Just discovered was cancelled, too.
It's time to give up on original TV programming.
Unless it's a reality show, you're SOL.
Ron Little is back up again in front of the board updating the board on the district's Title One spending.
I knew we could count on the market manipulators.
They pulled the market back up after going negative.
Now, it will close sharply higher.
Just ran into Obama again...
Happy Memorial Day, a time set aside for America to remember its men and women who died to give us all our freedoms and liberties.
CHANGE  OKCTrivia Night is now TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks.
Come watch Thunder vs.
Hornets and show off your brain power after!
And I just stepped on a toy...
in the dark.
Watching Glee this show is pretty good, I never watched it before lol.
like last season RT : they won't pull a bottom 2 it'll be randomized
Good morning!:
Is it coffee  espresso  water, or just espresso  water?
I heard you say the word TILT a number of times during the show.
Was that an ode to ?
I sure wish I could!!!
You guys are beyond AMAZING!!!
Much 3 from Tiffy 3
Really, ?
A service fee of 6 AND 4 for 'order processing?' What in the hell service are they doing if it's not 'order processing?'
We had a conversation that prompted me to find my BurmaShave book, but we can't recall anything about the conversation.
well lookie what we have here....
:
hey I'm here too  we should meet!
Why is he dunking?
Seriously.
: Looks like Delonte West hurt his hand on that dunk.
Huh?
Does the post D not get better at the next level?
I ddn say I was beat u
On our way to S.A!
Students are finishing papers.
Ebscodatabases give wrong format for MLA citations.
Aaargh.
they will have an energy star logo on front near controls.
; give nacho a cuddle for me!
Toxic Gas in Dogs' Vomit a Threat to Vets: CDC  U.S.
News amp; World Report
Southwest Airlines and its subsidiary AirTran will operate flights to Mexico beginning May 24.
RT : Focus on the positives...what you pay attention to is what grows....
Yeahh um could she doctorp u off?
Because Idk.
My mom went to dinner with a friend so..
Sporting my jeans today in support of 's 1/2 marathon for Congrats to my dad  6 months lymphomafree!
thank you for following me.
Oh my god i hate spiders
yeuuuh!
; gahhh, he makes my heart stop when he says my name in Purple Sky!!!
You at tomorrow?
I might need human contact.
There's a closet I can secretly work in, right?
A guy who will snuggle with me all day when I don't feel good..
You can't pray away gay!
They are born GAY let them be who they are and encourage them to be the best of who they are!
LOVEEM
I was asking about price cuz i don't exactly have the money to be buying beats right now.
I mostly use instrumentals.
This okc la series could get very interesting.
Highly anticipating game 1
AMAZING!
RT : Special 2  BAR COASTAL  frisee tossed in bacon vinegarette, dill aioli, fried bologna,...
keep me informed!
I like him too I hate Federer
Lash Enhancement: A thin tattoo of color placed on the lash line.
Fills in the skin color between lashes.
Instantly increases volume.
RT : Someone take my test for me.
This is an emergency
.
Mike McKinnon: No bigger issue than education.
Parents need to get involved in the conversation.
I can't believe it is that time again!
We are recruiting for our 2012 season!
If you think you have what it takes email !
have u not seen them post fish era with their next star sessions..?
n kobe was on a record breakn streak before he was out!
I got a rew endorsement deals we can work out lol
Why so much chatter about Beyonce and J's wonderful new child coming than the economy,Poverty,Black Unemployment and Kids heading to school
if bottle caps didn't exist, my laptop would have been fried about eight dietcokegallonbottleknockovers ago.
DWEEBS!!
remeberthat everything happends for a reason.
Cars have turn signals for a reason.
Use them!
Insert required tweet about the earthquake here.
Yes we felt it in MD.
Yes the school was shaking.
Yada yada yada...
When I'm through with you, I'll make you wish you could die.
They walkin around w/ bottles n  haha
i will never say my name to people cause i do not well it is just ohh forget it i just well i am cant say age to not a rule
Are you going to prom?
with who?
Yesterday had last ever meeting with thesis committee next step is graduation on May 21
What are pinestate biscuits?
Accomplishments today: writing several letters  finally taking down holiday decor.
Scatter sunshine.
Live today without unhealthy thoughts and day by day it becomes habitual and you're moving towards a healthier lifestyle.
Last day of work tomorrow then its 12 days of paradise :
aeconf Thank you!
I was totally inspired by DJ Spooky last night  still thinking about it  great job!
ball so hard or apparently fall so hard?
:
Boyfriend got a 69 chevelle today.
Can't wait to ride in it!
:
I feel u I hate dat shyt.
I wish that it last longer its like it makes u sleepy ion know but I love dat shyt dough
I need about FIVE of those!!!
Haha kims happy she got the first parking spot today :
i just discovered if you say come here dumbass my dog comes running
copy that!!
Then I guess bodacious is out?
Ha
I ment to say I saw it
UGGGHHH I know it sucks I hate Park a lot.
wait that show is still on??
American Civil War Center at Tredegar  a great place to start  overview from 3 perspectives  Union, Conf  Af American.
He's hitting out of the park.
Flatbread Feature: Beef Short Rib w/ red onion, crimini, jalapeño  provel Soups: Korean Pork Hot  Sour or Watermelon Gazpacho
Will do.
ok, THIS is hilarious!!!!
Laughing.
Thanks.
We try to rock.
We're just not so good at mail order retail!
I highly recommend the camera app.
Not only is it good, but every app update is written with humor.
Recent update has remorse  regret
No, but it looks fantastic!
We'll have to try it.
Thanks!
I'LL BUST ALL OF THE GRAPES IN WELCHES BACKYARD IM ABOUT THAT LIFE AND I DONT PUMP BREAKS MEN DO WHEN THEY SEE ME
with me its always been me takin care of other ppl and makin sho they iight.I got 3 family members in tha hospital RIGHT NOWso who HELPS ME?
You did your thing tonight.
Im so happy your back.
You were and will always be the queen of hip hop  RB!!!!!
fa sho I'll email with all he details!!!!
and i bet you this concert will be 3x the length of the last one!!!
Well aren't we just a match made in DM heaven.
: Let me guess...
your day 1 would've been It's No Good?
Yay: Im still anxiously waitng for the new album!!
UBIQUITY IN THE HOUSE AT DEEP TONIGHT SEE YOU IN THE LOUNGE...
look for us in the Roundup Tent at the KISS Cookoff  CB Park in Davie tomorrow!!!
Well this really sucks, im about to just take my phone, ipod, and computer and throw them in a lake.
no use anyways
our mobile phone has more computing power than all of NASA in 1969.
NASA put a man on the moon.
We put a bird into pigs.
and zahremar for dessert
Chillin by the fire while we eatin fondue.
are you suggesting that my dog is not smart enough to read a clock!?!?
Sick 'em, !
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend  4
Wtf my brothers dumb as shit, he's crushing ice while everyones trying to sleep..who does that..
when dwight howard refers to god telling him where to play is he referring to david stern or tebow?
Omg followed me!!!!!
the daughters and lady cops that is.
I'm good on dudes  cop 'staches.
thanks, great job to you guys too!
which ones?
Thx much 2  I'm just starting out, I really appreciate your RT of my post!
I look forward learning more as we share!
Random Thoughts: Just wondering how many vehicles Chrysler dealerships will be selling in the coming months.
Thanks for the message.
Hope all is well Goods101
Let me know what he replies.
Thanks!
The 15 Air will likely be coming in Q3 this year.
New Intel chips seem to be the hold up.
i have kik wanna talk in there?
My first 6 followers who are still going strong.
Thx all
Front row for AWOLNATION and Fan Jam?
Lucky!
Im about halfway back.
:/
interesting....
I'm working of course!
Tryin to do lotsa work before I'm gone for 2 weeks!
ALRIGHT!
THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TO MY FIRST EVER LIVE TWEET EXPERIENCE!
I HOPE YOU LOVED IT AS MUCH AS I DID!
at about 5:30pm.
: If tea isn't getting the job done...
coffee will certainly help.
Good luck!
or possibly since the day you were!
RT : When someone says YOU can't do it, that's THEIR limitation NOT yours.
RT
I just love to dance alone everywhere anywhere anytime as long as I'm dancing
I am what you want cause you like what I make , I am what I am and you is who I say!
giada de laurentiis book signing for my sister in law's birthday gift.
Heyo!
RT Roosevelt: eyes on the stars, feet on the ground
Josh Hamilton just hit his 4th home run of the game
Heading out tomorrow for GA and FL  2 TV, 3 radio, 2 concerts, a women's retreat, and a worship service.
Should be an interesting week!
Clarification: The Pike 1836 E.
4th Street, Long Beach.
Tonight!
Successful week with family business last week.
I love it when that happens.
Still love Rick Ankiel.
Great throw and energy.
I like this Nats team.
In a boot
Email me to get on that promotion
hey hey
Woke up  8 this morning rushing to get ready for work then realized it was Sat.
Then my roomie wakes me up at 9 vacuuming!
You mean not before midnight?
Because Sunday starts at 12:00 a.m.
Or not until later in the weekend?
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, divorce, wage garnishments, bank Levy, and more 9165090677
Don't ever graduate!!!!
The real world kinda sucks.
I wake up every day wanting to go back to college
After four years, Pullman IS home.
Finally figured out my blog idea...hopefully it will turn out ok.
slcwebinar Selling point to gain leadership traction Show how PKM enhances collaboration and innovation.
First they ignore you.
Then they laugh at you.
Then they attack you.
Then they patronize you.
Then they ignore you again.
Member Half Day your FIRST time!!!!xD RT : , those were the good times!
Now its all bunch of doctorma .
I'll make you a name tag this weekend.
Or maybe a special hat.
That's my point.
I picked on the lady with the blanket, but she was surrounded by men who cowered like sissies.
Don't know what you are asking RT : You mean via RTs?
I understand that, but this is getting ridiculous and we have no doctorft picks.
It Just seems like we are Goin downhill
Gaff  Home, place of residence.
ex: That's some pretty fancy gaff you got there!
OTD in 1985 Billy Joel married model Christie Brinkley on a boat moored alongside the Statue Of Liberty.
They divorced in 1993.
So much for bucket of rain.
I don't even care.
Every home should have a sitting room without a TV where the art of conversation can be honed and practiced.
And a dog :
Got your DM re: web design.
: Would you like me to add you to my list of webdesigners?
webdesign : :
Right where I left you 
While God values skill.
He doesn't accept our worship on the basis of it.
1Peter 2:5 Bob Kauflin
how's it run?
I might be interested I'll know within week
I just realized that I really need to hit the ATM before the Hot Snakes show tonight.
I saw it.
It's just ok, I was expecting better than what the trailers showed.
and it should have been the strongest but wasn't
got to meet you a while back and you couldn't have been nicer.
The way you treat your fans is one of a kind!
Keep crushing dude
thanks for sharing....?
I could go the rest of my life without ever having to be subjected to hearing another Phil Collins song again.
Eating like I wanted to become the next half ton woman this weekend has caused this morning to be a very hungry and grumbly.
Tomorrow is important
haha i think I'm the only one who didn't see it last night!
Well, Instagram wasn't built in a day, after all.
: I hope so.
Still a long way off sadly
put malakoff, tx .
up on music this weekend.
Thank you for the RTs!
Stay tuned for some more FREE Milwaukee ticket giveaways tomorrow and the rest of this week!
Attachments to outcomes create stress, especially because the path to your goals is almost never a straight linelet those attachments go.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can.
And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
The neighbors are blasting their mexican music...
I'll LOL at both of you when he doesn't.
And then be sad bc we're stuck with Tristan Thompson.
Forget Aaron Rodgers...the belt lies with Steve Novak.
Linsanity continues and it effects everyone on the team.
Ey yo, shout out to my boi for being featured in ATL falcon twitter pic!
Just filmed a video of him, Comfort and Allison dancing at a club.
I'll post it later.
RT : I LOVE TWITCH
Bought my mommy her gift : , its so hard to hide it though !
Lots if outdated info...please call for fact checking
Health Tips: sunblock also blocks Vitamin D production!
No Jordan Jefferson today?
I believe points will be scored!!!!!
JJ gone for life!!!!
Yaaay!
Make Huge professorts Selling Air Fresher JustSmellSoGood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Since Baby Tigerdactyl now has a name, his new twitter handle is
I'm getting a check every week for the next 3 weeks.
Skype later when you're feeling recovered?
3 i'm fine now.
needles is always fine
haha well you can't argue with that lmfao
i seen dance he did really good i hope he WINS !
Brutal loss for the knicks, worse loss in a win for the bulls: Torn ACL for Rose.
RT : Happy day!
Nootropics is A, go on and get it.
Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
Orison Swett Marden.
Sweat doctorams, yogis.
I could be there in 6 hours to help you pack...
I'm a great packer.
Well for everyone else, alone im a procrastinator
65 percent of women in shelters can't find employment due to the economy
lol  We're going to have to disagree without being disagreeable.
;
entrees are 812, we are reasonably priced!
Come visit!
Have a good day at school :
in honor of National Chocolate Chip Day, I'm eating a large bowl of kale!
I'd let y'all help stain my deck, but it has to be done just so and I really don't think you have the necessary skill.
ff our good friends and business 
Don't require a holiday to say the words Thank you.
hay u there
Hey , Happy birthday!
I don't know what I would do without my brother sometimes.
Welcome back, Zach Phillips.
Ground Zero for the Pussyitis Outbreak!!!
So Tyrael is basically Black Jesus
My professorssor just asked a student 'why they are smh?' Lol and then asked how ultra was...
Lmfao.
Thanks for the add Pearl!!
if you obey all the rules, you miss out on all the fun
this shall be interesting...
The days are getting longer, the weather warmer  time to stock up on Lemonade?
I can see getting a ticket for parking on the wrong side when plows are out but any other day is just bonus  for the city.
should be a packed house.
Im taking wife to see Michael Jackson show at the Fabulous BMore Arena or I would join.
Great song!
follow the team!
BEST SONG EVER!
RT : NowPlaying Florence  The Machine  Shake It Out on
Speaking of mom.
She needs to get home.
tengohambre.
When you say your gonna do something you do it cause your word is your bond
Pat Elwood deserves a medal.
MT : DCcaucus vote counters r doing best w disaster created by decisions made earlier  higher level
I'm fine today my fellow Geordie
Veronica was just bragging about how she beat you...
wha?
Stiff, Aloof, and Indecisive
Now it's time for bed before this migraine gets completely out of control.
Night all!
LMAO!
Ur right about that son!
Avengers is a 2  a half hour long movie just to let anyone know who wants to see it
Is local search really important for LBSs?
You bet.
What's that look like?
Contact me.
Felt just like old times .
So glad I pay 80 bucks a month for shitty service inside my house.
Thanks,
If you can give me a contact, I will find the right person to message you.
Thanks.
Hot Fudge Sunday!!!
What's the URL?
o hai I'm back!
I was eating pop tarts and chilling with my mommy!
I want to be more than a story to tell your friends.
I've had this happen before.
I've also made this recipe and had it result in amazing, fluffy, delicious rolls.
Stumped!
Tossed and turned all night last night.
My chiropractor is going to be so mad at me.
My back feels like I was run over by a truck :/
If you win the mega millions jackpot tomorrow, why you shouldn't contact the lottery office first.
Tonight at 6:30pm
Accomplishing things before the microwave reads 0:00...
It's been several years since Reach.
Plus, Terrence is right.
The coop stuff is potentially revolutionary.
Going to have some fun over the next couple of days !
Full credit given to I just took the picture.
And God said, Let there be light,  there was light.
God saw that the light was good, and He separated the light from the darkness.
yay!
Can't wait to see you guys!!
Hopkins fast tracks people.
Plus had motivation of keeping a TT job in order to finish.
My life is about to embrace destiny!
I agree !
I'm proud of you :
MLSProtectedPlayerListsAreLate because the MLS had to make sure the LAGalaxy dind't want to sign a 4th designated player from any of them
: That's awesome!
Great movie  one of my favs as well LAFilmFest
Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
Roger Caras
I look a bit too serious for my tastes but otherwise I thought it was a fun pic.
Heading to Salt Lake City for the Smart Card Alliance Payments Summit.
WIll be on the 'NFC Apps  Services' panel Thursday.
that horrifying moment when your cartilage piercing closes and you have to repierce it yourself...
one dude, and one..
nondude.
Namely my wife :
RT : I'm moreso concerned that my friends make it safely up o dc..
hghkey
When people retweet things that are completely opposite of how they act or feel
Just had a flashback to 5th grade b/c I totally used to wear the flipup shades in school.
I was THAT kid.
The elves in the new T Mobile commercial really and truly sound like they're singing walking in an orgy wonderland.
so are you back on coffee?

are u going to the annual seaside heights water plunge this years ?
:
My son doctorw HumptyDumpty and said, It looks like you Dad.
Lmao
Okay, another miss for me.
Too much Cruella not enough Glenn
Let's be honest  tonight might wear you out for the rest of the week!
Race for the Cure!
Our shuttle doctorver this morning is a real character.
Whole Foods is HQ'd in Austin.
We have like the Sears of Whole Foods here.
What tha?
Mayweather is going to win the fight.
Knockout after 5 rounds.
let's keep the besmirching of Gorman to a dull roar.
Glad to hear you are feeling great about your decision!
I miss your Tweets.
Don't forget us!
:
If you are playing cell phone bingo on B 97 the number for 11:35am was 3!
Make sure you're listening at 1:35pm today
Shout out to our new followers
Are you looking to expand your brand in creative ways on social media?
If so, contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
So powerful to hear my students' storiestheir voiceslive.
Inspired!
Happy 28th birthday to the beautiful and talented !
Have loads of fun babe.
xx
Wheels is a stabber.
Our pleasure, Scott!
So glad to hear your enjoyed everything.
According to an AAPs report, the use of feverreducing meds should be focused on making childoctorn more comfortable, not ridding fevers.
Happy to be reminded tonight that Freud's first psychoanalytic publication was when he was my age.
Where is my Breuer?
My Anna O.?
Spurs Are Out Here.
OKC Vs Spurs For WCF?
Celtics all day I got a little worried but ill I'm looking forward to greener days on TNT
How when where and of course what I came from, and what I really see and hear.
Though My Next Novel is 6 Chapters.
called The Sea
I hope your Grandma's doing ok.
i had a doctoram of a doctoram..
wow, you wrote that LMAO!!
what time?
Tip of the day correction: looking both ways prevents both time saving and car attacks.
I'm not in it and it's fucking with I hate altercations bad vibes go a long way
RT Met Jim Coutts this afternoon...PM Pierre Trudeau's top advisor.
Jim wanted to see a bird in my backyard!
hope you blog this
Crap!
Was hoping Kirkpatrick would fall to Tennessee
Whiskey and anxiety all the things.
thnx for following
Not gonna lie that prom was better than all the proms I went to in high school lol
Just discovered my doctorer sheets are compostable!
WasteDiversion Can't hang laundoctor  next best thing for now.
Whoa!
Tomorrow is my first day off in....?
:
.
Glad you're having a wonderful time!!
follow me please :
West Side Market...it is busy!
Say hi to me at the Orale stand.
My life is flashing before my eyes.
my birthday iZ cuming up.....
TRUE
Congrats Bronze for Head Hunter!!
We're sorry to hear about your problem.
Please contact us directly at so we can look into it.
Thanks!
performance per spindle, performance per GB, yes both of these go down, but perf per spindle is flat
when i read your tweet i saw 'disco'
I think I'll just stick to selling houses.
Remodeling them is not as easy for me.
Know of any online interactives on conservation of ancient sculpture?
twitter is social media but know that the online friendship and sharing your mom with us was so appreciated!
nuthinbutluv!!
I agree...
Thank you Pres Obama...
grazing the nye appetizers.
doctornkin a two hearted.
When you get something that you don't work for, you won't know how to value or maintain it.
Devon Franklin
I won't lie, that word makes me uncomfortable, but I was really mad.
Also, always cracks me up.
Always.
we've all said that before haha.
Where are you at?
loves chilling and listening to IMC
Wait...why does this have to involve math?
:
Much appreciation to Pittsburgh!
You guys are the best!!!
Thanks for the follow
tweet something lol!
the wwf/ecw/wcw rivalry was cool for a minute though.
When they first bought it and kept the brand
Hell yeah
I know that guy !
He is hillarious.
When I read his tweets I can here him saying it in my head lol
Well, I cheat a little via Hulu, but it still makes for a heck of a lot more free time!
oh wait you do a  sign!
hahahah!
lovindereknagel ....there ya go!
:
probably some other, I suspect.
Skinner outlines project aims: data prep, distributed preservation, and collaboration for both digitized/borndig newspapers
Thanks.
It's my way of publicly taking notes.
That's too funny!
I'm seriously gonna throw a party when I get to 6000 tweets like you my friend.
We are a cover band and we play some of The Runaways songs  Joan Jett songs along with other classic rock covers :
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!:
is working on some hot new tracks with some very awesome singers!
Who's into dubstep here?

thanks for the tweets for the show tmister, which will be AWESOME!
Pls introduce yourself to the producerswe'd like to met you!
Unlikely bedlam in the markets can be averted now.
New Italian gov't can slow it, but ECB action needed as too many countries on the brink.
Lebron consulted Jim Harbaugh on his decision.
How the fuck does win a Nickolodean award when she's on fucking diesney channel?
..
Thank you to MAZOLA Corn Oil for hosting such a great event in NYC.
Pictures coming soon!
don't kill any squirrels Wallace :
There's a fatburger in Vancouver?!
Oo Ice Cube is now playing on repeat in my head.
stoopid if you ask me
Monster win for Stay safe in Wichita too!
we know people who know people who can get them in your hands :
great poem by McDonough!
that's what's up..
Holla at me around 4
thats too much work im too lazzyyy
iam trying to run it on my 3gs but it doesn't work...he is a lair
i'm bored!
btw goodnight  sleep well
I like that trailer...
good stuff
RIP sabrina 3
good times are when you're in texas okay come home
I'm still trynna hit the gym 2day
nice to meet u too girl!
see  they love you!
SmackDown yes yes The New Nexus win
All of today's tweets have disappeared.
What's up with that ?
i seriously can't wait for abdc
Please ck out my site for women and create a professorle www.kissandim.com/register
Glad to be working with Queens Theatre in the Park again this year!
is just the bestest!
i hate when I'm trying not to spend money, then I get some coupons in the mail 
After the terrible start and alot of bad luck , and injuries, i'm very encouraged by the Sox.Have faith Sox nation, i believe.Go Sox !
Smith's Nursery in Johnston County.
He told me they fed catfish, too.
When choosing a show, look at all past show info and speak to past exhibitors and attendees for evaluation.
trade show DJ Heckes
are u going to the fiesta parade?
Happy dancing with you!
So glad it's Friday!
:
or they could also be lying through their teeth to impress the girl!
Think thats possible?
I just got laid off from my office job...well now its time to focus on my acting like I needed too.
Jenna Bolingbroke  Daniel Cope  I'll Show You New York  G324 Music Video June 2012
right!
I started crying.
Some people in this world today are just heartless!!!
I really like your decor that you use on your website www.urbanlifestyledecorblog.com
also forgot to say you're welcome.
Oops
Pokemon.
I'm holding off on the 3DS for now, don't have the money, and there's still games to be played on the DS.
Just sent out the acceptance notices!
Sarasota Software Company Wins Award at Silicon Valley Conference
congrats!
That's awesome.
I'm so ready for
can u follow me...
Ur following me from my other account
At the post office getting my passport stuff all squared away.
Cancun in December with my bro!
What the fuck.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there!
Especially to the few I've made out with.
3
silverstein acoustic on Pandora 
Done with my French class and looking forward to HP6 midnight premiere!
Thank you for tweeting my blog post!
TONIIIIGGHHHTTTTT, WE ARE YOUNG.
RT What a great day
Now, where's my arpeggiator?
hoping he see the video think he will like it thanks for RT
Ill give it a few more days to see if its worth it.
DiCaprio gets more LIKES on causebased posts than filmisterlated posts on Facebook
I'm bored: who wants to do something
Love Conquers All
Awww.
Too sweet.
Sisters are the best!!
I love mine 2.: FF my amazing, gorgeous, brilliant and hilarious sister!
The same planet where 99 of Catholic women use birth control is my guess.
Chiana:You know that puppy that's always looking in thru the window over the bathroom sink?
Looks just like me!
A one of those women, I plan to do just that.
you mean ThatAwesomeMoment ?
I hate being alone!
:
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich Named 201112 NBA Coach of the Year
I love when calls me and he sounds happy.
It makes me smile.
Damn I can't wait to put these mixtapes out which one should I put out first newest to old or oldest to new
check out our reverb page and see what you think.
We would love to open for a cool band at .
it's getting so crazy!!!
is this an alphabetical order game?
The queens, kings and jacks are starting to gathering in the tournament area.
we missed you in chi this weekend!!
I want to come visit you in Dallas soon.
Sweet!
thanks!!!!
hope youre awesome.
All of this shows up in the third mvmt again
can I do and this is crazy?
Run a creative business?
I highly recommend the book The Business Side of Creativity It's been an invaluable guide the past 56 years.
Looks like I was 100 : Absolutely LOVED my experience at Butcher  The Burger.
They all scream OFF WITH THEIR HEADS
Losers quit when they're tired.
Winners quit when they've won.
Champions quit when they get ejected.
.
please don't
Thank you!
damn thatss amazing :
Ooh, good one.
And then, disguised as the Parson, he murders himself in the Retraction.
you don't want party tips from me..lol I can tell you what NOT to do
up and down, up and down, up and down...yoyo emotions
Eating new castles and doctornking a cola champan in my PJs cause I can ;
Carrega Gil Vicente !!!!!!
Heather, this time it was it should be mobile, quick, and sensitive
TEAmisterD Red all the way !!!!
3
I'm an expert at defensive doctorving.
:
will need all media requesting credentials to email ...MAY 9th..ALMOST HERE!!!
Picking OKC in 4 it doesnt matter who wins this,both teams suck
So hubby says get yard sign for his opponent..So goes the battle of the yard signs.
This will be interesting!
confession I've never smoked.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
William Arthur Ward
Slow day at work?
Happy Mothers Day: be nice to mom while U still have her.
I am getting a Honey Badger.
He don't care.
you are NOT A GEEZER!
And it is a compliment dummy lol
Day one of break  success
My best PBTM seats were eighth row for...12/28/94!
It's never gotten any better in 16 years?!?!?!?!?
The 1 response from men so far is that they say they want to be hugged and cuddled without them having to ask
Come to Indie MusicFest tonight at 11!
10!
Awesome music!
After Manu's first two dunks, he may have been a little over eager on the third attempt.
One more step and he would've had it.
Yep.
Those are the two choices I've boiled it down to as well : Thanks for your input!
I know i would get on facebook.
but my facebook website on my computer aint working so i just got twitter : !
I want chips ahoy cookies.
YAY SPRING BREAK
Every night I bring a desk's worth of paper home to work on.
My goal is to leave work one night without my work bag or lap top.
Doable?
you are a BAD APPLE.
do you feel you are entrapping these companies/people you go after?
Follow Friday
MT : Today's Marie Curie googledoodle pique your interest in women scientists?
Meet more w/ this slideshow:...
It's only Tuesday?!?
Ugh I thought it was wantedwednesday :
Thanks for the follow
Ouch.
RT : I don't need to see Hunger Games  I have a nontenure track position in academia.
Ethan Perlstein, on Twitter.
I saw more than a few Kindle's in the hands of young 20'somethings on my Amtrak ride this weekend.
I still prefer my iPod Touch
Wasn't there but still fired up!
: RT if you had amazing day in Richmond with Pres.
Obama and 1st Lady.
VA is fired up 
Cake cake cake.
He wanna lick the icing off lol RT :  Ah man this is love making weather RiRiMoment Oo
when girls get boob jobs, nose jobs, butt implates, i cant help but yell
Franklin  Oak Creek out with 1 suspect.
Thank you!
in short, I'm rocking this shit and need a monitor with more pixels
RT In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Thomas Jefferson
with out a doubt in my mind..
that was my shit still is
Aria: Free mj tickets, a contact at 1 oak,  catching the tail end of a photoshoot with
It's almost 12 and I haven't started my paper.
Don't really care
Hey , , , , can't wait to see your shorts tomorrow!
Tell us about it!
May 18, 25, and 26 for karaoke next month  always a good time!

thanks for the RT!
;
Try a piece of light lemon cheese cake with fresh fruit on top  Firehook Bakery!!
Maybe a few minutes for that many rows.
Two unrelated items: I might be running my first 5K next month.
I totes ate an ice cream treat for breakfast.
Emma keeps calling me mommy lol
Just me n him today !!
3
congrats, Connor
In 2006, Pletcher set a singleyear earnings record of 26,820,243  breaking the record held by his mentor D.
Wayne Lukas...
let's do it!
: I'll text Farhad to set it up!
Can't wait!
RT Bmore today to see !!
And 4 weeks til the sunny beaches of San Diego to see !
Send us and email and let's talk!
bruh i got them doctor now
Until day after Mother's Day.
you claim you dnt remember anything
Packers are up 143.
If you aren't at cans you are missing one hell of a super bowl game
Thanks!!
Can't wait for our Valentine's Day lunch tomorrow :
Really need to sleep.
her mom was like Erica wtf!!!
Go over the sink  splash water in it.
slut trait lmfao
My phone is telling me I'm low on space......I have no clue what to delete
U can start by forgiving yourself
it doesn't matter what i do at all next week as long as i change the fact that has never had cookie cake
If she never used MSN instant messenger
Wow I did not notice that the vice president of ag followed me, it's very nice to meet you.
I love my mum  my mema
Just booked a L'Oreal commercial!
Didn't even know they made guys stuff...
cha ching!
Shoots wed.
Congrats to Lola Pictures for their fantastic Range Rover commercial!!
We can't wait to see it!
...
made them..I love mine..beer..and a little hat over left eye...so awesome
Was Taken that good of a movie to get a FamilyGuy spoof?
It was ok, but spoof worthy?
Its Gorgeous out.
Come down for a BloodyMary  listen to sounds by Rangers Game 7!!
Then late night sounds by
I'm gonna stair at the wall because I'm like so cool.
Btw, resumes next week Thursday, March 15, after a few month hiatus.
All are welcome!
We had great turnouts in the fall.
Thanks for the mention!
O MY GOODNESS.
BDubs is so busy tonight!
In the Auditorium waiting for the General Session to start up.
Way excited about !
Not much been skateboarding alot haha:
Move your brightest/most energetic students around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates  a bit of rubbing off.
: Oh Twitter, we meet again...
maybe you'll stick around awhile, this time?
haha
I can barely talk .
yea n most of em look like shrek so its hard to kno
You MUST try Santa Maria style when in SoCal!
Converted me to doctor rub...I ate so much at Shaws I had to lie down in the car.
Are you as bored as I am?
Read that backwards  it still makes sense!
who needs komen...
i bet only 20 cents on the dollar actually goes to the cause....
lame.
aww that's so sweet 3
epic kosher meal time happens today at 4 at Hillel.
be there.
just checked and all good
cool ranch doritos, omg
MilwaukeeNYCRaleighPark CityPortlandMilwaukee
You honestly don't know how much I miss you and how much I want you back..
Fair point.
Help out your fellow thumbs downers.
How do you currently measure ROI?
nw The Green Hornet
im bad at 4 things: swimming, throwing a football, growing a full beard, and taking the subway.
oh it was no prob.
And im good haha.
U?
:
Thanks!
Maybe ill see u there.
Good luck!
Marlins Park is feeling a whole lot like Antarctica right now
Arkansas offered Jessica Dorrell a first class ticket out of Fayetteville.
She declined because she only rides coach
DUDE best one yet.
You kiilllllllled it
Ayyyeeeooooo : Follow me .
.
.
another MINUS: we've already forgotten NAME of the new store ..but cant forget the name
For starters, I want rulebased sorting and actions, one interface for searching, and a single identity record for each person.
Excellent support!
Haven't Been In This In Awhile
Alright so we all joked about wearing Camo last year to prom, but this kid actually did it.
Hey I think doctorwBrees might be tired.
Let's let him rest on the bench for a little bit, huh?
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
TRUE??
Mother Monster and we that!!
We are little monsters since you your it see You are going to gain the AMA's because always you win Gaga i 
Why are people in LA so idiotic most of the time??
Blows my mind!!
Then y arent all sins illegal?
Point is people want to vilify gays but have no problem allowing other sins in our society
wait I missed the part where Philly is up by ten..
wtf celtics
All of these people make their money through real estate.
good luck and cheers to a great season.
Hit em straight.
no I didn't !
You did!
Lol.
GGMU!!
RT : Cant wait for game tomorrow.
Massive game.
Hopefully 3 points for us.
In Bangor, french fries are called 'suck wands'.
I could not uncover the entomology of this.
What is theatre?
Working princess breakfast this morning in Norway!!
Writing another song
hahaha, that's a tough one!
But cavities and gingivitis  maybe I will :?
I'm an IU fan, but D.
Green is Big Ten player of the year.
Bold Statement.
At Mathnasium with my 12 year old.
Owner is passing out popsicles to customers to stay cool.
Air conditioning broken.
Bummer.
110 today.
Finally back to screenwriting!
And filming a new short film starting this weekend!
Welcome back, productivity!
I need to buy sum veet or nair
and nits are of course at the core of nittygritty  tell that to Southerners  True Grits?
Lil B The Based God for president of Egypt!
TimeSci What difference if you send an email or post a blog at midnight or 6am, as long as it is there to be read in the morning?
Come to the Cellar Wine Tasting on 1/28/10 at Hotel Oregon.
Only 15/person, reservations requested.
Call 503.472.8427 for more info!
Reed Smith Adds kCura Relativity to Help Power Its EDiscovery Team
oh Jim, true story :
I could look at those green eyes all day, hahaa.
Will do!
thank you  good morning Gary!
u only live once so party.
Lesson of the day from Rex Sikes, make rich friends!
great...
if you can make it to Pasco we'll do lunch!
Withh Oliver in the school buss.
3 c;
Pool games are getting intense...hoping for a bar fight...
thanks  also positive 
Thank you everyone for coming out for our special night tonight!
Can't wait to throw another event in fall!!!
Survived!
Woo
That awkward moment when you hold a door open for someone, but they're really far away so you walk in and the door hits them.
I'm so addicted to all the things ya do...
It's unlike anything when you're loving me ;
Asian Invasion.
Are there any Fasians?
If worked at McDonald's, he'd be like We talking 'bout fries!
Not a burger, not a burger, not a burger...
Saturday morning workout  afternoon nap time
keeping it real Mellotron this evening
is the voice in my head...
We think we know the ones we love, but everyone can keep secrets
Don't miss the Friends Used Book Sale  Inventory Clearance Sale!
Paseo Verde Lib starting tomorrow thru Monday!
Biggest book sale yet!
you did soo amazing on !!!
And Boyfriend sounds AMAZING.
I CAN'T WAIT.
I'M SO EXCITED.
:D
Stay tuned this week!
We don't have any show news yet but we'll having some fun stuff for our Tw'eeps!
DM me with what you need.
I'd love to help!
ok then
hahahaha!
Its strange when 7:30am on a Saturday is sleeping ing
This where niggas become great
I will shoot a new Bookwink video this weekend No.
Matter.
What!
who has a old ATT phone they.
wanna give me???
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
Another balanced hardball panel.
Liberal journalist Wayne Slater and liberal NAACP president Ben Jealous
Tonight's password for RantOWheel is Worst Monday Ever  which won't be what happens to you if you come to the show!
On Jon Stewart, watched Melody Barnes claim you listen to teachers.
Following any of us on Twitter yet?
Disagreed w/ her take.
sw gainesville smells very strongly of a mixture of stinky kitty litter and burnt plastic shawn suspects bioterrorism by people or aliens.
It's a bloodshoteyes kind of day.
Yep no sleep again, but I won't let it get me down.
That's how much you love us, I'm guessing!
Did you make it to me, way down there somewhere?
Doing it over because I'm convinced I can
Too ugly, I think.
Hi, Meg from Baltimore here.
Hopkins psychiatrist.
Officially on vacation.
Muchneeded.
J.
Cole need to be in a cypher.
Are the tastes complimentary?
Awesome blog ..!
I'm interested in the Quickbase career roles.
Searched on Quickbase in the job tool, anything else I should search on?
thx
: Thank you for a great conference.
Can't wait for next year!!
Agreed!
DM'ed you!
RT Every time I see tweet about being outside the DC Establishment, a part of me laughs, then dies.
you are from a really pretty place
nope she can't win this twice, you can only win once every 30 days.
: lol I'm already shocked cuz u admitting to liking him  these feelings LOL.
I know!!
Shoot me now LOL
At the bar early!
nice, i'll hit you up tomorrow.
Follow me please!
anyone else not happy with the twitter changes?
Because we have to go where our clients will be RT : why?
I'm not sure any of the singers will sell any records but they do have really good voices.
Go
Always be kind in
Hey Sam love twenty twenty music u guys should to america :xx
i wish would wake up
latest band name idea: Daniel Burnham  The Plan.
which opens the door to a record titled: Emerald Necklace.
Alec's bar mitzvah in an hour :
milwaukee Rock Salt now sold retail for 5.99/ bag!
Going fast winter is on its way!
Not cool to dig out car at 6 AM from 17 of snow and get to end of doctorveway only to face impassable snow wall courtesy of municipal plow!
thanks for the follow lil mama
Course i would be the only one at a 3year old's birthday party to ask the facepainter if he could make me look like a zombie
haha!
I'm going to have to go there, soon to get a LA license, it's gonna suck!
I remember the LA DMV, yuck!
Its getting nice enough outside that I can finally do an outdoor video soon with a shit ton of extras.
Anyone interested?
It's so embarrassing when election losers leave their signs out
All you Tweeters saying awesome!
should reread my Tweet.
I was saying that NOTHING is happening, which isn't particularly awesome ;
You don't lead by hitting people over the head  that's assault, not leadership
well that's it 8:01pm the polls are closed, It was a great day!
People are rough on gym teachers, but let's not forget all the years they spend in college, learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
I got nothing but love and support for my city RT : No!
Let's keep it all the way Richmond lol
great!
U?
Great evening at USFFW Nursing Pinning Ceremony.
Congrats to our ASN, BSN,  MSN graduates!
that.
is.
amazing.
great job tonight dude.
crushed it.
Bumping that Xscape Understanding.
This was my jam.
Hey guys!
Hope everyone had a great weekend : I had a blast using !
a fellow fan here in Pittsburgh!
how's school?
Keeping focused?
As beatallica leaves their hotel, who pulls in?...Red Elvises.
Fun!
If you're not folliwing Artie Lange at you're missing out on the best Tweets on Twitter.
Had my first 'leggings worn as pants' related injury this morning.
Must look where I am running.
Conservator at National Gallery brings life back to paintings  Washington Post
hm...you can have that conversation with meanuncleD and I will
The way to my heart?
An authentic headdoctorss!
yeah sounds good jst remind me again lol
Very frosty morning here in Knoxville!
Info  sent!
Thanks so much, BigOmaha.
Another great year.
Can't wait to synthesize all this crazy cool info!
omg are you watching TT??
My most embarrassing reveal ever but I love that show!
15 minutes to showtime.
Send in your last minute thoughts via email:
man girl im missin you
SOPA Once again Americans are being governed by corps.
America doesn't want SOPA it's getting shoved down our throats
The film is great, but I think what's more intriguing are the unedited interview material in the bonus material.
Great stuff!
haha I wish this town wasn't so boring so that ppl would stop butting into other ppls business lol
hope you had a good flight back home!
It was so great to meet you in person!
I'm sure you can...it's actually my grandma's recipe, so she prob used lard and my mom switched it to Crisco.
please find me unsulphured chenin.
Going through withdoctorwal.
Checked out MiKeys last night for DT Dining  sat in the bar to watch the game.
TVs.
Comfy/Upscale.
Great Location.
Didn't they just get married a year ago or something?
we're on 1725 westlake ave N.
in Seattle.
Packed house at
Everything happens for a reason .
So this is a big situation in Cincinnati.
2.
She likes to throw things and swear.
At patrons.
4famouswords just a bit outside
lol why were 3 from me...
feelin like s
well then I shall see your pretty face soon!
OMFG I forgot how much i luved the notebok until right now, If you're a bird, I'm a bird Ah I want a romance like that lolz :
oh ok whats wrong ?
Alabama announces Nick Saban will conduct a press conference Thursday at 2 p.m.
ET.
No reason was stated in the release.
Man stole ferrets to pay off debt
I appreciate it, good sir!
How's everyone's spring break????
That's the plan.
Thanks.
:
I cant change the many years of yesterday ..but I can do something about my tomorrows...Just wasnt my time..
intil now!
P90x got me sore ugh!
No pain no gain'
My physical therapist told me yesterday that I have the handwriting of a doctor or an engineer.
Thanks Aaron!
Join us Tonight for REHAB w/ Rittz and Downbeat Switch Doors  7:30 Tickets 15.00
Many great journalism students being honored!
If i wasn't in school I would go on all of the GroupOn getaway vacations, seriously, I get so excited
: RulesInARelationship U Can't Blame Them For Being Who They Are, U Can Only Blame Yourself For Thinking They Were Different
Wow.
So, will us Blazers season ticket holders be getting any sort of a refund for the what will pass as the rest of the season?
lol sry for the delay.
I took a nap : but the fitness consultant needed appointments for tomorrow so I gave him 8 names
Code for Oh, hi!
There won't be many people here tonight!
Enjoy the bad acoustics and amateur reinforcement!
we are heading north right now!
Watch out is coming to Coopersmiths at 6pm!
Join us!
Love you girl!
so glad u liked the meeting notes we've not yet determined the start time for CD101 day we'll let u know closer to the show
TWO extra days for that!
is gonna get his ass beat!
Tf everybody playing dictionary on fb ???
Yeah, I'm still awake.
The Coyotes are filling me with ennui.
Thank u love..welcome .
RT :
awww that must be why you hate yourself so much  you're not compatible with anyone you like.
moron Blocked
Oh man it's going to be so awesome!
Let's plan BKLYN hangout on Saturday for sure?
Good Morning!
Happy Wednesday!
The work week will be over before we know it!
Have a very productive day!
DAMN!
your fine!
I am sure they have addoctorssed those issues.
Safe travels!
The only mistakes you can learn from are the ones you survive Paranoid Neurotic Freaks
If I quit smoking, when would I ever get to check twitter?
Reason 17 not to be a quitter!
Someone gonna get lucky 2nite lol
are they?
I have to see it
I already want a new one but I wanna dye my hair first
Some1 PLEASE ask ReggieMiller the difference b/t Flopping  Acting!
Please!
beardawarenessweek is over tomorrow
She swagged up from head to toe lip ring her own ego yea they call her a king ND YES BITCH IM THE QUEEN!
Same old shit just a different day!
If I told him to lie about lying, then I'd have to suspend myself.
Roger that!
Congrats to Senator JohnKerry on becoming a grandfather.
havent been on in forever /:
Listening to Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King
RT if you love Pittsburgh Today Live!!!
Marcellino Ristorante at the Waterfront, next to Barrio Queen.
They only have 2 beers, this and an amber.
Good choice!
Instagram has opened up a whole new world of phoneography 4 me, now I want 2 take pics of everything  stick a filter on it!
When should elderly doctorvers give up the keys?
Granite Bay
LOVE YOUR MUSIC CUZ..
I CAN'T WAIT TOSEE YOU PERFORM OVER HERE IN THE BAY AREA!!
Who needs a boy when you have a sister.
Your the King of Tweeter...
awh thank you
Yeee Its Gucci :
Slow down sis: it's a marathon.
LittleFit ain't even 1 yet!
Make sure you've got the energy to party when we hit town next week
You ever just want to punch someone straight in the face?
I'm not violent at all, but push me  you just might get clocked.
Damn u a sexy freak
and even if 10 were sucessfull does not mean it will work for you truth is u will b hard pressed to find the magic 10 anyways
The difference between the Metrodome and a porcupine is that a porcupine has a lot of pricks on the outside.
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumour
uh oh boi is you flamin?
thanks for spreading the love!
you did the wrong Niall 
dinner soon!
Im heading to Louisville for the weekend.
Ahaha, your guess is as good as mine :p
Worldwide coverage
The rain has officially returned
Nicks Voice Killed me .
yes.
I look forward to being there and meeting other retailers!
listen to my music.
Did you read 4  5 too?
lol I love that coffee shop!
Look out for the Lakers!
Heating, Ventilation, A/C Services 6177923350 Serving Boston, Suburbs
My poor Yankee body can't handle this humidity
Opal, yet again he blogged meddling and muddling
Teen Wolf is coming on soon!
If someone dies...
I swear...
I am very bummed out that 's Northlanders has come to an end.
Such a great book with so many good stories.
lol when someone fats calls you anorexic and you're just like err...
Calling charlie batch...
let's go!
RT : The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off doctornks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10!
345 N Broadway
saw Jenny didnt see u though would have said whatup!
I AM a 'hollaback' girl.
Now that the marathon is over!
I would like to thank all of my donors for supporting me  !!
Time for my finish line photo!
Fashions fade, style is eternal Yves SaintLaurent.
RT if you love embracing your unique style!
Out and about :
Onslow is following me!
Daisy, are you jealous?
The airport sucks when you're on no sleep.
anyone still need a Google invite?
DM me your email :
I'm outtie, headed to BuffaloWildWings for shits and giggles.
ma bad :P me too.
I didn't study really hard for this exam.
Nice use of SPORKS!!!!
Well done.
Truth!
RT : THEY SHOULD CALL TWITTER FANTASYLAND
when ready to be ordered by libraries, tweet loudly!!
I break for cats !
Are we rubbing it in?
Looking for a Conflicts Intake Coordinator for a law firm client in either Boston or NYC, candidates must have 5 years of conflicts e
I think your really groovy in a happening far out way
Hardware hackers that turn used electronic childoctorn's toys into musical instruments
Struggling with today.
Beat off or procrasterbate
What's your fantasy?
Good morning all.
Course it's almost noon here.
dang I'm a late sleeper when I got nothing going on lol!
Wow...that's a doctoram team.
RT The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a oneyear deal.
Nike not radically altering look of NFL uniforms
no problem baby doll
what happened with you and Silverstone?
I'm considering AF too ,  no it wasn't really hard .
All they grade is the math  english parts .
You need a 50 or more
Geography easiest stuff on the planet
i'd so go, especially since it's a field trip to getting wristbands to meet 1D!
But thats just me
Yeah buddy!
What dates you here?
Hopefully it's not the dates in there!
Ravens do so well in late rounds, big value here : Ravens doctorft Miami WR Tommy Streeter, 65, 219 with 4.40 speed
no but you are
CLICK GANG!!
I Love Ella's frozen yogurt!
:
TheThingsIHateMost Musicians.
Especially lead singers of pop bands.
Total pricks.
Photos posted from the 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival!
So.....mister Delivery Guy...you thought you would get a tip after delivering my food 15mins late lmao..NOPE!!!
The lazy feeling when you get out of a shower and lay in bed in a towel instead of getting doctorssed.
Whether it's your house or your office, moving is a lot of work!
Big office move is tomorrow.
How big is your WHY?
What are you willing to sacrifice to achieve your goals?
I am in Los Angeles...
still basking in the afterglow.
Full of gratitude in so many directions.
Anyone traveling anywhere cool for Christmas with the fam?
:
wow that is awesome!!!
:
Definitely just ordered with my iPad....whats up!!
thanks so much for the follow!
We're grateful for your support of PHAME  we love having the amazing Kate in the PHAME family!
Check out cee lo's teeth!
Is he a pharaoh or a transformer?
spanier canceled it, the piece of shit.
I'm proud of my Lil Brother, he has a very good record.
He's an MMA Fighter.
Love u
this guy at the bus stop is doing an interview for sports radio on his cell.
or maybe he's just crazy.
i never realized the similarities
In the midwest we sit on porches and watch the rain
I am spending 21st BDAY on Wednesday doctorving 8 hours to see u vs.
Bucks in Milwaukee!
Possible to meet u?
Wld be best present!
Hey love the new pic.
Looks great!
However, lets be honest when dont you look good a pic.
picturing your facial expression  
um if this is true I wanna follow him MUST..HAVE...USERNAME
YAY!
I got mail today!
What was it?
It was the things that I ordered from and his store!!
FINALLY3
sure thing babe!
: Would you follow me back though?
bought a new planner cuz my old one was cheap as fck.
Im doin my best Brother!
I hope you  the fam are well!
Cant Wait for Season  2 of
Right we need to get together this weekend
Not gonna lie, I could use the food tape idea
we exist.
Studio tomorrow.
Very excited about the new little guy that will be joining us tomorrow.
Devastated Mom will never meet him.
Bubba Watson is cool and all, but webb Simpson is still my fucking bro
If it smells like tuna and tastes like chicken then keep on lickin'.
Looking to get run over by a bicycle  pedestrian loving peacenik?
Either of the Cambridge Trader Joes parking lots could be the place.
Congrats ladies!
Enjoy the experience, it flies by!
whatever u want :
you know it!!!
I can't believe I have wasted all my time try to be with you..
But now I relize what a jerk you are..
It's time for me to move on...
He's like 24 or 25  he was one of my Chambelanes why couldn't my homeboy who was 21 be one???
I love you in a pixie!
Just because my eyes don't tear, doesn't mean my heart won't cry.
Just because I come off as strong, doesn't mean there is nothing wrong.
Paolini just referred to a darkskinned character as sooty.
Good grief.
The already bad writing has turned racist.
Bill Jensen live on the line now ready to answer your questions!
like soon I plan to go to the Musee de Cluny and just faint on pieces of medieval stonework
We should all start to live before we get too old.
Fear is stupid, so are regrets.
Happy Birthday!
I love Super Bowl Sunday!
Of course my Steelers aren't in it but excited anyway!
Pulling for the Giants!
Truth RT : Google's 'the web is what you make of it' tv ads are the new Hallmark ads.
I'm always tearing up.
I don't think you'll be disappointed!
1 hour warning!!!
almost time do win this thing!
My God, this day is never going to end.
Mama needs happy hour.
Thank you for the follow !
Love you, miss you, and the next time I'm in Vegas, we are hanging out!
:
I'm hungry
Police say they found deer hides hanging in basement of home overtaken by squatters.
Officers also found decapitated bunny rabbit in freezer
Bad part about spd landing on a weekend: doctornking starts early  people are already doctornk by 10am.
I found out I'm going to Honduras on August for two weeks!
Can't wait to see my amazing family 3
to quote Arnold, I'll Be Back it was great and I am at the stage of discovery where DMBistro really helped me!
Happy Veterans Day.
Thank you to all the men and women who have served.
Nothing like feeling sore
I'm no virgin babe ; God gave me permission for making it through college a virgin!
Hello Twitterville.
Hope everyone is having a good evening!
Why do they say a flight is a nonstop when it has a lay over?
My 1 lay over flight just turned into a 2 lay over!
appreciate the follow  thanks!
I am proud of the courage!
Whose rush hour?
OUR rush hour!
RAH!
Someone tell me: how long can a car alarm go off before the battery dies?
infernal fing noise
more like the Real GAY Stat!
ahaha
Firefly!
If only because it was taken from this world before it's time...Buffy went on 2 seasons too long, from what I hear.
Anyone who thinks old age is golden must not have had a very exciting youth
lol what I do?!?
One more day in Nashville aka Peyton Place :
any chance we'll see you in Milwaukee or Iowa tracks this year?
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN !
FREE LAYAWAY!
VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SUN MENTION TWITTER!
WSLAST
Our own Ramon has a new treat for you!
Come in for his BAJA CHICKEN PIZZA!
Every Tuesday he has an amazing new dish!
Like this one!
This is decision time, Dodgers.
Nail 'em Kenley!
Think I'm suppose to blow you up everyday?
Negative the phone works both ways you don't call, I don't call
Almost party time  we'll also be closed the next 4 days for the holiday  nice way to commune before we part :
Really enjoyed you in !
Mom  I had a Great time...Thanks!
Please RT  follow these amazing people: , , , ,
Twellow.com yellow pages for twitter
watch the USBC Queens on espn2 on tuesday at 7pm eastern
pretty sure the nicest iPad will serve as our conch in our new plane society.
the alcohol has already been hoarded.
Thanks to for the presentation on social media in lawyering.
Video of the presentation will be available soon.
That is highly inappropriate..
Im gonna need you to act more mature sir...
bravo.
a comedic masterpiece
What a wonderful day this has been can't wait to sit outside and watch some baseball later with then maybe doctornks?
we're taking a diff route in recording new music...one of the first things is teaching ourselves how to record...maybe demos
good lucky bro
blush RT : If you're on Fetlife, go check out 's pics.
Hay !
said that he has black in his family!
So y'all might be related :P
God is faithful !
Still no way I had the double Bacon from and that was huge, so 5 patties you're crazy LOL
one of my favorite quotes of all time.
FourSkin  You would checkin when you're watching porn.
Yooni
Happy birthday to my dude I'll be seeing you next week!
its hard to buy xmas gifts for people who have an attitude problem.
The future of existence pulls us we weave in and against its currents.
Taut.
chillax bro.
Do any of you offer free Photoshop actions?
I'm collecting.
:P
Not just games.
That's good personcentered design  healthcare needs more of it everywhere!
RT : Locating templates is much easier in Office 2010.
No more randomly searching the Web.
Ugh hangovers :
I love when the local news tells you what's in
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 4DAYS :D 9
i fucks with him too .
i love Keep It Rollin
?4: did u ever pay sum one to date u
Let me know if you need any help!
I had a son before...but he died...so i just thank God for the girls...now I can spoil somebody else's son...lol
RT : Particularly enjoyed dinner: talking about media theory old and new with , and various insights from Larry diamond.
: Happy st.patty day  and happy birthdayy to !!!
love you!
Have fun tonight and go crazy!
thank you: Ly!
really good!
Just trying to contact everyone who is new to following us!
:
Awww, never.
You know I love you :
: RVA restaurant suggestion for dinner for 20 members of Nantucket garden club in midApril?
This Wed.
in ATX.
The Black Keys, Bon Iver and Aziz Ansari.
Shame on you if you're not going to one.
But mostly I hate the way I dont hate you, not even close, not even a little bit Not even at all.
CPR class this morning at workglad I'm doing this now since I'll have my baby in a few weeks.
Time for 1st Amendment funeral Park.
Come join Occupyburque now!
We march  11am!
Wear black.
Yeah!
Type design workshop at
I was a little restless too those hills were tough but what a great race!
I was looking for someone with lines on his face.
I've always had a massive crush on Sam Shepard
So much to do...
not enough time to do it.
Trying to get it all done before the weekend
Yes..city reports Forney HS hit by tornado.
MT :Big thanks to everyone who supports kids access to care thru improved Medicaid payments for pediatric doctor.
TOOCH DAT BOOTY DIRK.
UNF.
UGGUU.
Please make this into an actual song.
Heading down to fitcto day 2!
I'm talking creativeJS typography things at 2:15 in the lounge.
It's going to be fun!
:
northcarolina y'all don't know know grammar rules and shit.
Y'all just legalized gay marriage.
gigwalk not working?
Enjoying the presentation on SeaWorlds Animal Ambassador!
The lemurs are so cute!
u gotta a point that dude plays super soft!
U never know what mite happen tho
get back here...Cali love ya!
And my birthday is not even until tomorrow!
But so many of my friends are in China!
And its Dec 8th today in China!
We're giving one away tomorrow :
Little girl pushing doll in stroller around the library  so cute!
shower shower shower 
Getting ready to go work in my fitness!..
dude where's my car?
get ready to see a crapload of car commercials.
So very glad you enjoyed yourself last night!
We had a ball  and we're very excited for what summer will bring!
Pretty interesting stuff!
:
Was hoping to talk to the boss about epublishing topics postTools of Change.
Didn't happen.
Sigh.
is no longer unemployed...I got the call today offering me a salaried job with paid benefits...YES!
GOD IS GOOD, ALL THE TIME!!!
Haven't seen a Texans game all season.
Arian Foster is a fluid runner.
Upright and strong.
thank you.
Glad you like it.
there's a rumor saying DUDLEYBOYZ and your hot artist got one of the hottest tracks on Squad Life Radio
I loved her food analogies!
So when are we going to Publick House, and I'll have you taste some beers you'll like for sure.
Wanna hear your valentine scream?
Stop in lovely bouquets, delicious chocolates or bling!
We have it all and just one stop!
No?
More  Post from: TheGloss
King George the 9th with the walkoff for the !
They both suck!!!
If you think of the Gibbs as pure disco, Odessa will boggle you...a baroque, heavily orchestrated and harmonized collection of melodies.
im on it!
Currently listenin to 's Back to Black album.
Such a well composed/arranged/concept yet original album.
YAS
Amazing lunch today with the always fabulous at The Curios Palate.
So much fun and great food.
At work less than 2 hours  I already owe the curse jar about 8.15.
Mofo POS ILS.
tl Is it Monday already, WOW where did the weekend go, well it time for that Morning Blueberry Waffle  Cup of Banana/Fosters Latte...
Have a great night friends, time to get some offline work done!
The best part about waking up for airport 1:31 after going to bed?
Grateful Dead radio.
I'm guessing 197073 'eyes'
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger.
Sugarfree lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
We're ready for CommLab2012!
Will we be seeing you there tomorrow?
RT : is waiving the initiation fee for TexHealth members.
Check them out to see how you can benefit....
she just nasty
good to see you.
Hopefully you will perform next year
Palo Alto nextgen firewall stacks up well
First on our 5th old school friday mix is Scenario by A Tribe Called Quest.
These kids have taste!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
I have a story to tell, but I think God wants me to film it and tell it as a movie;
Beautifully cooked Lake Superior Whitefish.
Crisp skin, chili flake, and fragrant olive oil.
really good!
shooting a music video soon n wanted to ask u something.
check ur Facebook inbox
that's just how we roll at !
Limo life for and !
Tbone my sis lives in Edinburgh now.
NowPlaying Phone Call by
Watching Bruce Almighty
the Mark Buehrle web gem was pretty sweet!!
Thanks!
RT : ff my news and weather sources.
Our Fatbike corral is nice  painted  loaded up with fatties to rent!
I just wolfed down a peanut butter cookie like a boss.
That cookie didn't stand a chance.
Thanks!
Hope all is well in CO, although a sad thing for CO is that my broinlaw just moved to Seattle.
if you do you owe me a big huh and a kiss anyways so.....
I'm actually learning a few choice phrases, whether I want to or not.
Fuck it yall have really fucked up shit with the fans who help pay ur salary that shit is fucked up
How do you get presale passwords for TicketMaster?
So happy to see tweets from again :
Getting my list of summer mustdos together.
What's on your list?
Go for it..
demand your privacy.
Trains is fun a little.
Time for me to go to 
Rooting for the Bills.
Let's see.
I watched them when I was little.
They have been next to terrible since.
Never fails.
Haha the album art is actually the twitter professorle picture/background on my professorle :
im in Arizona
I'm SO there!
There is no better medium for uptothenanosecond news then Twitter
I found Tony Lucca's B
perfect can't wait lady it will be amazing how old you gonna be?
After the doctorke concert Thursday is the after party at FetishHouston BYOB !
RT
asley bought me CD Clockwork Orange, I think it's married.
yeah but my chapter 1415 are combined into one!
IM Playing at the fire tonight, on girard  nice place!
open mic
Oh lol I never stopped.
I won't stop until June 20th.
But I've been sending them on schedule like u wanted lol.
:
Baby Mama :p .
Brad and Carries song is on right now OurSong
mattnat are here!!
Yeah me and my producer did a mixtape Im really proud of it.
After we release that joint I got another one Darknite mixtape
It happened TWICE.
Now I'm mad at all the popcorn.
:/
There will be a candlelight vigil for Trayvon Martin  6:30 all are encouraged to bring candles!!!!!!
Amen to you Danny...Amen!
fake1Dquotes I'm not hungry Niall Horan :
Thanks for your environmental justice work!
PPSS is closed today, see all you Purple Peeps tomorrow!
:
I LOVE UR Show!!
U Always make me hungry!
Hi 2 UR Sis.
Love U
.., when they post, it'll show a nearby park.
dcswa professordev day
Yeah, I knew there were a lot!
Just curious, attempting to wait patiently ; Good luck deciding, I know it'll be hard!
It's just Instagram w text  skeuomorphic repro of postcards.
Now, ability to send REAL postcards of my photos..that'd be cool!
btw krissy, long story but 's dad n ur dad r friends!
dam I thought he would appreciate it we showing him love now we might have to get at him
you said he was 2nd biggest a few days ago
Only bad thing about watching bball with my mom..
She tries to make all the calls.
shhh
I lacks no confidence!
I make this look good!
Your cool
Watching Preseason football: NYG vs CAR.
If you're not following , DO SO;
Same to you!
Enjoy the weekend!
Good thing I put that scarf on, right?
LOL!
So nice to meet you  and really glad it was my fault.
:
just realized it was friday.
:o
This IPO will change everything like the day the music died.
and I don't have the skills, but I have a great idea for a KONY2012 remix.
Any advice?
Lol!
I have no clue.
I don't really count calories tho.
I just make sure I don't get carbs late and count daily protein.
well I have nothing to say
Come to Dallas, we'll show the LOVE
Thank a teacher this week!
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.
Lily Tomlin
How are the devils/islanders doin?
Going to and 's grandpa's house for some good food tonight!
FINALLY LIAM!
3 hahaha liam and silver ;
RT : MomInspired Twitter Party prize winners will be announced by , so make sure you're following us both!
If you fear, you lose.
Give your trees a doctornk!
Whenever the snow melts and temperatures rise above freezing for a few days, water just as you would in summer.
Indianapolis Indians Baseball Featured on Cover of 2011 ATT Real Yellow Pages ...
Indianapolis Star
is right.
making public content easily shareable is good way to engage
It's good to have someone to talk to who knows what your going threw 
What are you tonight's plan?
Will you share this wonderful night with your family, lover or friends?
thanks!
Looks like a great group of women.
:
A new study proves dogs are smarter than cats.
So there.
Anyone on here know the key difference between an Interaction and Mention on the new Twitter?
Seem to be very similar...
And that is what I call a god day!
Just got bus tix  gift card balances to IHOP and Pike Brewery to a client downtown.
That felt good to do that for someone less fortunate.
how have i not talked to you about this stuff yet?
I'll send you my paper.
Per Wilson NC States coach told him they wanted to go into a different direction
I miss the unabashed tweets of : Asian mothers scream when their child practices and plays wrong note.
It is just natural.
I refuse to give up my integrity in the name of money.
The weeknd outside
I know someone that might as well be J cole....
Chose Farinas last night pizza abq.
Olive oil, mozzarella, salami, kale, grape tomatoes, onions, garlic, shaved goat cheese on top.
but there won't be any other party if you are leaving.
Rest in Peace to
Off to cheer camp.
Thirty two girls at Miami University for four days:
do not ignore me.
4 minutes until takes the stage...
better here for a night than at JLA.
Go
when are you in LA next?
I love those days when Justin is scheduled to work all evening, but then ends up getting off early.
:
So handsome!
Happy Easter to you and your family.
This suite only has soda.
bcuz of the info,the show it was in,or cuz of the story
If Keha goes on tour in the UK, does she become Keha?
it's a great window to the subliminal mind
Which way is right, which way is wrong, How do I say that I need to move on, You know we're headed separate ways
Made my spot in the rap game with I don't like...time to start dissing the niggas that I don't like
anyone else having issues playing tonight?
Trying to catch up on Once Upon A Time but it keeps freezing!
Thx for help :
Lets get it!
where we going?!
Granger is a pussy
Michael Buble blaring on the UNR campus.
Here for social session.
Good sign!
If I know you, I think you can do it!
Hope you find some great ones.
so I guess you're feeling better?
The introvert seeker renounces the mundane world and pursues the Self within.
Attains spiritual Enlightenment.
no problem!
hahaha...not sure I want to know.
LAW of ATTRACTION 101: Hold yourself accountable for your outcomes, for you are creating them with your thoughts.
Crushing other peoples doctorams is what makes our doctorams possible!
You lose inches like you gained them, one at a time.
Metro north Sundays
Blood doctorve tomorrow...
Have had it for 9 yrs now!
Can't live w/o in TX.
RT JerseyAlGBP I broke down this year too.
RT : A tech is installing DirectTV
that was a bad idea..
veyr bad idae hagahah
the people shall be high fiving my ass up and down westpalm
COMMUNITY comes back tonight!
Do not Britta this opportunity, people.
Congratulations to all our followers who participated in the pittsburghmarathon today!
See you at
hello you can you tell your followers to follow me?
Still have a few tickets left of Faith  Family Night at the WV Miner's game tonight.
6 each.
Message me if you are interested.
: I CantSayNo to margaritas.
Summer is almost here, roomies!
Just cause your back is to the wall dont back down now bitch...
busy day today filled with several interviews and a magazine red carpet tonight.
wwheeeeew!
Maybe I'll do a lap around the bar instead.
Just for you.
Emceeing Scorpions Fashion Show w/ Vanessa Macias 2nite  Coco Lounge 610pm
Watch USA Hockey on USA right now!
do you need stuff for info lit for culinary arts?
Talk to me.
I've taught a few for those types of classes.
Thanks for listening!
she got 10 and I have your 30
sue says you would be proud if her for so diligently sorting the punctuation.
It's official, I'm a Caps fan.
I was havin issues too..half the time i cant get to the admin options.
It happens.
Breakfast in America is a pretty good album too.
lol I suppose so...I'd have to be a superhero that kicks ass in heels savingtheworldinstyle haha
anytime!
RT : Thx for the SO/RT You guys are great
3 you both!
debbie friedman  central synagogue...so beautiful.
both the synagogue  music
they suck .
!
Cx
Get out of here !!
You needa check you self fool !
that...
That is a tragedy.
Glad you're doing well : and thanks so much!
Things are going alright.
ok NHL heads   what is going on here?
Blackhawks run is over before it started with Hossa injury, right?
Thank you so much for sharing!
:
show her some real psych, one after another just walk out it'd really be priceless to see a psych professorssor lose their mind.
are we best friends yet?
: Well, according to some of my followers, somebody is saying really bad things about me again.
who?
Not me of course
Just Came Back From The Movies , Best Day Yet,,Happy Birthday Once Again Rocio':.
What is the best performing kmeans clustering algorithm for high dimensions?
I found kmeans to be lackluster on a low number of clusters
HouseSenate conference committee on stadium determined starting meeting after midnight wouldn't work, so it's on for Wed 9ish a.m.
dang...
Well hopefully you'll be able to soon :
Not sure, appears u need 2 fast 4 16 hrs 2 override body's natural sleep pattern  eat in destination country not on flight :
TOUCHE !
: wellplayed I tweet dead people
If You Love Me i would know
Thanks Aron for the FF mention.
Cruz was 2 time AllStar son Jose Cruz Jr.
played in the bigs as well.
More importantly he rocked the glorious 80's Astros uniform.
a special thanks to all the clients who attended the launch party last night.
it was so good seeing all of you.
alright brow, good luck , and when possible send me informations about the times on practice !
bases loaded no outss ;
Am I supposed to swallow this pill that says chewable?
Because I swallowed it and now it's stuck.
It's mostly to provide camouflagewherever we go, we'll never be seen as the rednecks of the group.
Our newest beer on tap is Sam Adams Noble Pils...Come and get it!
we care!
turn that goodbye into a hello hello
Bad start to a bad day.
I became a notary and now I have to go get my notary notarized
A new app called the Love Calculator allows you to calculate your chances for love.
I have a better idea ......called a breathalyzer
while I am sometimes put off by those titles; I do believe God does still give out those spiritual gifts.
Jameson's?
Well, yes, it's a lovely smooth whiskey.
Oh, for me?
Are you sure?
Well, if you ARE sure...
Thank you.
I'm having a rough morning.
I hope your day goes well and it's filled with sunshine, laughter and love.
i know right, thats what im waiting on ....
Im starting to hate facebook...
It's wak
oh.
It happens sometimes.
I agree though, that can get annoying really quickly.
Haha.
Hey Lady it could always be worse.
Have a great day
libmade barriers to innovation/funding  Look to local businesses
The terra cotta is falling!
The terra cotta is falling!
Sunday funday in Brew City, no Pack today but great games and great food and doctornks at Karma.
Did Anyone Watch iCarly Last Night?
It Was Hilarious!!!
: xx
Austin I Love Olive Garden, So you should follow me for that:
yawn...i miss casey anthony.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
9743; Order iPod Dock With Built in DVR Protect yourself
I just ran into my real estate agent who sold me my 1st home in '99 at LaBaguette, I saw her yesterday at Tuesday Morning in Bartlett
of course you are thai!
we should prank austin!
i feel like doing it hehe
Authors do NOT have a responsibility to be more explicit when introducing nonwhite characters in their books.
He is a freak, sure would be nice to get some big fast targets for whoever our QB is next year.
ggivee me a shoutout on air!
is the name!
go florida st!
Hahaha it gets better when youbxan hang with people
the best ever
JTrek now available on Apple App Store and Andoctorid Market!
I remember you.
It reminds me of the great love that I have in my wife
JOHN MADDEN ON REPEAT...SOSA BHABEE....
I AM NOT B 3 SIC!
not sure how MI works, but CA...just put a dollar in the machine  press quick pick.
I don't know about picking your own numbers
I live in Florida and wish I lived in the right district to vote for this guy!
Would you like to have your photos featured during APA National Photo Month?
Be discovered!
Email us at .
Playing in leimert park at 4 with Sharon Kline.
i wanna be jerry meg can be Steve y'all can punch on her not me lol

gosh, my heart goes out to you, is there anything we can do, I am so sad, I want to cry...333
Carter had no chance against .
Sit down rookie.
My first time watching impracticaljokers.
So funny!
nada  thanks for asking though babe
: Feeling too grown up walking around this Homeowners Show getting ideas for the house.
the one at WI state fair?
I believe Wood is part of the Loriporn collection.
The Twilight Zone!
YES, what do viewers have to aspire to now that the essence  regal persona of Bond has become mainstream?
I think you might have also rubbed off the rctid keys.
Damn!
I hate being in awkward situations!
Musiq Soul Child  his music puts me in a trace.
Econdido bomb maker George Jakubec faces 30 yrs in fed prison.
Gardener injured in blast has medical bills of 116,000
dead seems like the InventionHunters hurt the product more than help
i hate it when someone compliments you and you cant stop smiling like an idiot..
Austin made me smile, laugh and cry.
But most importantly he made me proud to be a Mahomie.
ALRIGHT!!!
101  way to help me bust into the triple digits!!
It's a official HATES ME
2nd Grade Teacher: This is one of the most exciting, engaging  motivating programs for childoctorn that I've had the pleasure of hosting.
I hate you.
RT : yep after my shower
Finishing up the last of the 2011 wedding edits and getting the ski and snowsports calendar finalized.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:30 with Nike GPS.
Interesting concept: lean forward v.
lean back computing.
No, I might be.
Thanks!
All checked in!!
Let the doctornking begin
Oh how I wish I could join you in the leftrightleftrightness of my favorite singalong dance
Don'tYouHateWhen Facebook is treated like Twitter
I feel tall, yes i do, but what goes up must come down, so till i fall i enjoy this view
We love our childoctorn.
Don't you love our childoctorn?
What is going to help our childoctorn?
Tell me how, said audience member.
Thx for coming by for our event and supporting entrepreneurs/students.
Best of luck!
WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
I think it's always a beginning.
even in purple rain?
yes, she def is annoying....and , you're pretty funny, and not annoying soo far lol....but we'll see......lol
wish u were here too!
Weird, Laura Dern and Laura Linney are two different people
Let's stop our 100 yr old superstitious dance with a default name and partner up with a new one!
this house needs beer
DeSean Jackson says he was at 60 on that long TD run, now that's scary
My workday is over at 6:30, YAY!
BBL peeps, I'm off to enjoy a glass of wine with the girls.
peace, love  yoda ;
Surprising how easy it is to say no, to people and situations when you finally look at the situation unbiasedly.
Breakfast  Egg Beaters, tomato and bell pepper.
Snack  Sugar Free Jello 2nd Snack  Turkey and Wassa Cracker.
Yes I am hungry today!
Just froze again for the 5th time today.
This is getting old!
I'm still wondering what the countess might have said...
: many thanks for your support Ivy!!
Looking forward to meeting you at tomorrow's Pose4Change.
LookGoodDoGood Same here!
perfect!
Thanks so much!
The small hot pants came in the mail yesterday.
Giving then a try today.
Is there a smaller size?
Lol!
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend?
Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service !
Call our VIP hostess SHELBY 707.567.1580 to book now.
there is no s on repair in the addoctorss...
ENOUGH WITH THE HELICOPTER.
word they are the greatest things ever!
I would take a tax free shopping trip down to Portland, OR
NBC Nightly News used WikiLeaks as a source on Gadhafi last night.
Should WL be used as a source?
Seems to legitimize an illegal enterprise.
LET'S GO GLOBAL
Hanging with my bruvvers and ...talking about everything under the sun!
Missed those cats!
Abortion as an act of violence and to repealing Roe v.
Wade overnight?
It's a scary future the country could usher in with the '12 elections
And shouts and dap to and reppin at the conference too
I still have and love my iPad, we talk all the time.
My iPhone was feeling a little dated tho.
Love this galaxy nexus!
I'll let you know in the morning.
I cannot stand these boring as hell, Dodger announcers!!!
I miss KK!!!
Zimmerman's bond is a joke 
aw yay!
say hi to your fam and the Geebs for me :
you sold me on the blofeld.
being a softsynth fanatic, I've been waiting for a piece of hardware like this for a while.
thanks!

another bloodbath courtesy of weak kneed politicians with NRA blessings
Client review Friday night, then a break for a week.
np Daylight  Matt  Kim
I know!
That's why I was confused...
Big Things Poppin T.I.
I thought it was b/c it is easier to make you pay for it that way.
countdown 4 days till Jenolo launch ...t shirts looking great dope fly all the above
Today I am voting on issues ranging from Greyhound Racing to Criminal Justice.
Watch me debate at myfloridahouse.gov!
:D What's The T Rara .?
Was this a PEER REVIEWED STUDY that these assertions are based upon?
www.swopcolorado.com
Moose, Muskies, and more in discussions!
RT : you guys have some cool shirts.
How bout a Minnesota Moose shirt!?!
I got that sushi I was talking about.Plus there's a sad part that just happened I was practicing my cheer kicks and I cut my toe!Boohoo
i retweeted didnt do nothing .
FORGET YOU
My fam's here and life is good :
So...is the Marlins Park grass just painted dirt?
Make sure to fill in your addoctorss in the 'My Rewards section of your Blastoff Network Site in order to receive your check.
People change their tune when you put on the pressure.
Time to get the album mastered and pressed.
Agree.
Doing what we can to support advertising education with scholarships.
Let us know how we can change this stat.
As in dingleberry?
thank you for volunteering!
Insanity, day 4.
I'm starting to think I'm insane for doing this.
Thanks  for inviting me into SA Incubator today!
Wish I could curl up like a fuzzy chick in a real incubator all day.
Follow Me Peyton!!
I should never be left unsupervised with a computer and a credit card.
Guys that lead girls on 
whatever happens, happens.
Evelyn is overrated sit T'F down
Thank you  RT : Happy birthday to !!!
Enjoy!!
fa reeaal.
I'd judge you if you did ;
happy birthday Alex.
Have a wonderful day.
May all your hopes and doctorams come true.
: Just read that Vanessa indicated he averaged 10 a month.
impressive avg a double double!

Life is the art of doctorwing without an eraser
shoulda been there sunday
I hate when my phone sends me the same messages twice
good luck tonight chris3 i know you'll do great:
I start to want you  then I start to want what I deserve  I realize I can't want two complete opposites at the exact same time.
follow and
Nebraska Real Estate started following me.
Great, now I'll really have to watch what I say...
postseason home run to center
TRAK Records and Library has partnered with a NC law school to identify an Associate Director to manage their law library.
The Associate D
Gypsy performances, Great food, doctornks and people.
We give you something to remember, talk about and enjoy on Thursdays.
For ride info please email for a quote:
Oscar Mayer wienermobile sighting just now at the 5 fwy onramp by Ross Island Bridge.
Too speedy for me to snap a pic, dad gum!

Brees for MVP.
He just makes his team better, GB has more weapons than Saints.
Also, Brees just because I'm a Bears fan....
What's up, everyone?
I have a few critiques on it but it's more than I expected!
Great job!
NO ONE PERSON CAN TRUELY BE WISE THAT TO RAISE A CHILD W/O THE AID OF THE TRIBE AND EVEN THEN ITS MOM'S FAULT IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG...
can the do a media conference for Stephen McGee?
Thanks for sharing!
We aprreciate the follow
Think of yourself as a toy train.
All toy trains derail now and then.
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off and get back on track.
Blazers, indeed.
Galileo High school's marching band keeps playing Grieg's In the Hall of the Mountain King and it's starting to piss me off!
Zopittybopbopbop arrested near Wisconsin Capitol ...
what's going on up there?
:
Billy the exterminator?
What??
This is real?
did I really just witness the Pens scoring 10 goals
With that said I partnered with to bring a eye openning event with HipHopDX to on 5/24 , who will partake???
Okay this has honestly been SUCH an amazing day
Did you know that we carry the latest and greatest designs by ?
Its true!
Let us help you choose your next piece!
suppose that means DeLoss' checks have cleared the bank.
wrote it at 5am
I have somehow taught my cat to play fetch...
The only attractive part about me is my sense of humor.
Ohh and text me i gotta tell u something!
Z.92 had a discussion today about SpongeBob and Patrick being a gay couple.
They're not gay, its a kids show.
Idiots.
Congrats to you  so you are going to be working with Leila Walsh?
Great person.
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Good Morning World.
It's good to see another day.
We are so blessed.
Cheers to health and strength.
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back.
Irish Blessing
This is my first real vacation and it has been a blast!
but it is coming to an end and so I just want to say to all of my friends THANK YOU!
It's off the coast of Mexico, heading west  idiot
Recording bass  guitar tutorials on Ustream.tv
Looking forward to so much :
WeLoveTreasa 3 She's been through so much.
She deserves better.
She's such a strong girl.
When a Friend Tells You He or She Has HIV or AIDS
5ThingsICantStand nails on chalkboard
Can you send me your mixtape?
Are you interested in collaborations?
I want to see the avengers.
We loved having a group here!
RT Welcome home Summer II Dialogue Students!!!
Hope you had a great experience :
Denard Robinson 47 Yd TD run!
U of M leads lowly Bowling Green 140 in the 1st quarter, keep pouring it on, Big 10 starts next week!
boyfriend playing cod 
So there's this whole 1hour hashtag trending...
it's all about a new Justin Bieber music video  glad I had no idea why it was trending ;
Glad you're OK, sounds kind of dangerous.
i can be sometimes.
read it quite some time ago, it's a nice history on how the MBA has morphed from being a steward to its current function
Throw online website into the ring with ATM machine and PIN number.
how much do you miss me?
enough to not pay no attention
Hotel 23 coming soon
thanks so much man!!
he'd use all your hair gel.
We have a show next Friday in Nashville at The Rutledge!
9pm!
7 18
We all hold some form of knowledge that could benefit others.
Why not share it  save someone an experience.
Each one teach one
This is one Film Maker you don't want to fall a alseep on!
Believe That!
I won't believe you until you actually do it haha
Had a great time listening to entrepreneurs practice their pitch at 's class tonightso inspiring!!
I want all my followers to believe in ther self n to have a bless day.
;
I swear computer manufacturers put extra screws in laptops just so it still works when you forget 2 or 3 putting it back together.
Ok , So here's the deal, I need u to stop going to school because I fear your growing too intelligent with ur big words.
thanks
Attention Pageant Directors  Agents: Join Kyle Ean Haggerty for Coffee with Kyle at Email
Lightning outside looks like magic...
Look out a window like we did as childoctorn as it pierces the landscape while thunder roars
welcome to twitter world!
BLOW JOB
RT : Congrats to  from all of us for making the inc500  5000 list 7x!
back on my twitter
I could complete a 2 mile ride in 40 minutes RT : I just completed a 40.34 mi bike ride in 2:37:07 using
Happy early Birthday!
:
thanks!
I'm moving to Switzerland in June for a 6month science writing internship at CERN
misses also!
Devoured Gabrielle Hamilton's Blood, Bones  Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef.
Best in genre!
new essay idea sparked.
can u let me no whatdid Kobe say to Lebron at N of Allstar Game?
Was itwhy u didn't take shot!
Kobe was mad!!
At Lebron?
I'm always reading.
There's always a way to make time to learn new things.
'Say It' monologue about Korean 'comfort women' is a lot more powerful than when I saw it in college.
hey brandon
Who is at the LAMarathonExpo ?
Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth716!
Free massages, goodies,  great info  people!
Finally had to see how iCloud works when I needed a new phone.
Very impressed.
So easy to use.
vs.
tomarow night
Tonight is the third time this week I have seen your namesake Michael Bowden pitch.
I actually really like the song Turn To You by Justin Bieber.
It's really powerful.
Shine on you crazy diamond.
Pink Floyd
I gonna cry!!
: I know how it feel to move and leave ur friends!
Has happen to me 3 time!
/3
ThingsThatGetMeUpset When we close to having sex and you decide not to do it again.
So many amazing and artful floral designs at artinbloom!
Gorgeous work, , , and more!
Meeting with my accountant today.
Super extreme excitement!
follow me?
:
It sounds like it's going to be a hot weekend here in Wisconsin!
Have any exciting activities planned to beat the heat?
root 100 in a bar bathroom...after all these year I still know how to keep it classy
Encourage your exhibit staffers that have Twitter accounts, to retweet posts from your corporate Twitter account to their personal accounts.
Much thanks!
I live about an hour away, and the store overall is great like most Nordstrom stores.
Will visit again soon!
I'm working on that one!
I am interested in technology  community events...
I have friends in politics, but that's not for me
In this world of harshness and politics it is nice to come home to love
BOOM yu better sings get cho life!
RT doctornking w/  :
Philly loves you brother.
You are playing some great ball.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Hope you're wearing green so you don't get pinched
Thanks Jeff..good to hear!
what do you swim?
Brian and Ian are flying over Portland right now.
Anyone in Portland, look up and wave!!!
Can you guys follow me please!!
:
Well I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce/ You've got the rhyme and reason but no cause RIP MCA, u represent!
us well, Peace
are you happy that beef is fading out of hip hop especially on NY side?
and don't ever go  each other no more
I think I'm the only mom that has a son following them!
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
what's the matter?:/
Recommend using Priceline/Hotwire in Chicago you specify neighborhood  rating.
We've got great hotels under 100.
yay!
I'm a speaker so be sure to check out my session!
No longer lost thank god
thanks for the blog post Dave, we appreciate the kind words!
I love you
lol r u ok ?so u were still alive?
Someday a bad hair day is a choice.
Snooze button or good hair?
right  If you've seen me 2day u know my answer.
Gagging Order from the Com Lag EP.
Geez dont walk into a tree on the Golf course,you might hurt the tree:.
so while you busy trynna fit in, i'mma stand out
Come down to the MKEairshow  visit the tent  say hi!
While your at it, snap a pic of the famous !
so i got class in 20 min and dont feel like im going to get up already
RT : I BELIEVE IN LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT...
I'VE BEEN LOVING MY MOTHER SINCE I OPENED MY EYES..
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Mike Brown the Phil Jackson no standing during the game not working.
Get up and work the refs.
Archie comics have done gay weddings and multicultural marriage.
Audience show of hands showed more Veronica fans than Betty.
And ATT's HSPA is plenty speedy for my all my mobile data needs.
And until their are true UNL data plans there's no need 4 faster
for what?!
Please tell me I'm not the only one awake at this hour...
?
?
?
Anyone?
Lol
Thank you for making us The leader in the lifestyle.
Don't hesitate if you are new in the swinger lifestyle to contact us with questions!
Be sure to like us on
Going to bed.
Basketball in the morning
you post old pictures of you basically
Olympia is so cool.
Now will apologize 2 keep his job  Marlins will encourage this to save ticket sales at their new park.
But it's all politics
Kansas, Nebraska,  Oklahoma are getting hammered by Large tornados right now!
The rain fkn sucks
Thanks!
So glad you like it!
Having fun at the festival with 3
first motorcycle ride..
hair  rats nest
Phil Katz recognizes the epistemologies of the creators ...
rewiring our own brains, our students, and technologies?
I appreciate the invite!
I had a great time  see you next weekend!
:
Working on librarycopyright.net.
I am going to just redo you guys' tweets in Emoji
Just got approval for NYC in May....
now what of these petit gateaux's I see you go on and on about?
No Frog Legs today Lil Homie!
I see faces in the trees on this teary Trail, but they know we are here, and they are glad to see us.
I like the idea.
I think it would help bring an identity to the bears that they have been missing for some time.
All great books should be consumed with such abandon.
Breakfast with Santa  Story Time with Santa booking FAST!!!
Phones have been ringing all day.
Call today to secure your spot!
4107522490
Your name is Nancy, Negative Nancy.
tehehe...
One poor girl went 2 at a party in her pants and was forever known as shitbrick for 4 years :
feeling a little HUNGARY today...Budapest you're on the menu!
Student email: Oh misterPratt i have to tell you something...what was it?
oh yeah HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!!!
MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!!!
Lousiest foul call I've ever seen refs!!
I liked Thor, actually.
It was funnier than I expected.
And captainin America was pretty okay.
:D
Dam I be smoking foos on the freeway with my lil Honda, their not down to bust moves like me, imma die one of these days lol
Art In Practice tonight  6:30pm with Mark Allen of Machine Project!
GO BIG BLUE
Cheerleading today I'm tired....
We are booked and ready to go for National Association of School Psychologists annual convention in Philadelphia!
Chupacabra tacos...
and soup is good food...
Come get some at union station today!
N capital at mass!
Hey Carole!
Thanks for the station RT and the smile!
Glad we could make things better!
Stay tuned for our FaceBook and Twitter exclusive deals coming very soon.....
Thanks for the RT!
Hopefully we'll see you there!
nice one!
Shandy: Miller Lite with a splash of lemonade.
My new summer doctornk.
Rooftop deck at Tavern Downtown, good company and cool doctornk  heaven
No denying that.
:.
Was just saying some aren't s influenced as others.
Slaves invented the banjo also
Just passed into North Carolina!
.
I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
last year.
And they just returned back to ABDC
games Heavy Pawnage
90 of all researchers that ever lived are alive today.
Talking about abundance of information at
no ma'am..
i took off for graduation, but i'm not going anymore.
Huge thanks to !
And amazing  board/team
The general rule is: the greater the value of your content, the greater the return on your investment
hipdc Excellent health informatics panel moderated by Carol Torgan, PhD  We tend to self track w/ numbers but not visually.
Let's start.
I just finished watching coach fucks a runner so hot;
got 20 people buying tickets tomorrow for the march race in Vegas 2013 can we get good deals at south point ?
engaging !
dictating, so, yeah.
All this time and I still think You'veGotMail is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen!!
Tom and Meg are such a great duo!
Thank god your doing better I've been praying for you ever day
wait, is pregnant?
ha I remember that.
Awesome.
: Did sports once when guy didn't make it to set, another time when live shot went down.
Off to school now.
Me too!
I'm in love with Nick
The book was better.
Not that the movie was bad but some details got lost in translation.
To be expected I guess...
erl12 penny earned is a penny saved starting now!
FB?
as in facebook?
damn 4913 is pretty ridiculous.
kinda like how the chargers owned the chiefs today.
oh yea
Being academically rich and socially responsible is one of the greatest things you can accomplish.
Christel DeHaan, June 15, 2007.
2moro maybe lol I been doing hair allday I'm sleepy af man
yea that's the last one I'll tell u about today later.....
I gotta shower: brb
hell yea go Noles!
Good news: I'm on vacation Friday.
Bad news: I don't have tickets to the Brewers home opener.
There's something about sunshine and good music that makes you forget about everything else.
txt Party at my house!
Sullinger is such a baby and a whiner that he makes look like a man.
What exactly is bizforum?
Lmao!!
RT : After the Fairley selection, Jay Cutler faked 4 injuries to his lower body.
My first memory was 9 months before I was born.
I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom.
;
Spent the morn refusing my dads repeated offers to buy me a car, by the time I arrived to his house in Palmdale, he had bought HIMSELF a car
Ready to start.
leads it off with What customers want
follow!!
Please
Good thing Mazzaro is still in A.
Wait.......
i was sleep all day 
Bay for sure!!
His contract was double Wade's.
Bay biggest sports bust contract of the last 5yrs.
Albert Haynesworth as well.
The 2nd Annual Maryland Traditions Folklife Festival has been announced!
Save the date: Saturday, June 16, 2012 at
Quite fitting Kompany scores the winner.
Zabaleta was absolutely terrific!
Nasri 24 mill quid, just fucking shoot.
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
Joyce Brothers..
Home with the fam
So I was one the phone with  I didnt even realize it o.o oh yes.
Yes!
A huge bottle from the northwest.
thanks man
Spending the day at home watching sport, hanging with the family, BBQing and catching up on work
I'm a realist.
thanks for spreading the love xoxo
Being on teal and soony for...
Well anyone at this point...
Hanging out with one of my fav people in the world, my manager!
:
Working on sharing all colors of music  people in my K5 music classroom.
Played Stevie's Black Man for them.
He says it well.
PLZ don't tell Garnet Coleman what is happening in El Paso or that I lost 7 endorsements to Aaron Barraza they call PRINCE!
nice yeah not much here either did my second INSANITY fit test this morning and week three starts tomorrow
Why don't we put more emphasis on applied discussions.
Rather than esoteric ideas, we'll focus on actual actions.
add me on facebook!
3
Ongoing discussions about better ways to render tile maps and make them beautiful TileMill WeoGeo not ESRI not
I'm not reminding you of the time change.
Be late!
It ain't my job to keep you on time.
Besides, you been told a million times.
Glee  Whitney  happy fag
2 of those movies suck ballsack!
BOO!
Did i scare you?
;D
Great meeting you guys tonight, keep up the great work at the NBA....Go Bears!
does anyone want to play transformice with me?
Last minute Xmas gifts?
Lift your spirits with Lottie's Lounge tshirts for 15.
Bit of a log jam purchasing tickets for today's game.
I'm half swedish, but I think could easily make me lose my lunch :
no no no
you studying tonight?
Have the stats exam yet?
Not at all sure about today...
Wait!
Send him my way!
Welp it appears the cough medicine I took does not work.
Oh joy.
Shout out to my new follower
Love being in Kansas City, but problem I'm having is too many BBQ choices, not enough time.
is priority 1.
LC's for dinner?
you can have a cute but grouchy baby sidekick
I would forget the pie.
Fml
just so disgusting!
ass ass ass
Fundoctorising party for 's forthcoming Soul Cinema, 2031 Adam C Powell Blvd.
Friday from 9p1a!
Let's MOVE!
yea I can do it when I get back
What was your topic?
Alaina: I love you very much :D 333 Twix and pussy, member that?; Love you dearly: LYLAS, Jay:
Well this is a shitty Friday night
: I am at the ccid2012 conference in NOLA and just heard about you from Diane W Brown
hehe, oh well.
Ps, just saw her doctorving in front of our hoods...
might wanna stay inside tonight.
Respect to for having , The Wire's Bunk Moreland narrate their piece on .
Quite appropriate.
my mouth hurts so bad :/ gonna try to go to sleep goodnight 3
Everything is better with smooth transitions.
MORNING BABE!
Been doctornking since 9 this morning  pushing my way through rehearsals.
My school is so damn ghetto i swear there are so many pregnant girls up n here its unbelievable :O
Haha, this war between the Archies and the Hustlers is so amusing.
Tumblr has blown up with the fanbases bashing each other.
My bby stomach hurt :
Broadcasting MSG VARSITY HOCKEY battle tonight between Delbarton and Morristown Beard!!!
Looking forward to it!!!
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly.
Marcus Aurelius
Maguire U outing this weekend in Deerfield Beach, FL.
If one watched your show, over and over again, nonstop, is it considered obsessive ?
Eating blueberry treats after the trail run at Pike Lake.
Feels great !
Mac Mini Lion Server 10.7 Install today at New Haven, CT law firm.
VPN  File Sharing
LMFAOOOOOO RT : Lmaooooo.
Look at his cantaloupe head RT : Damn that nigga is actually ugly b.
RT Success demands singleness of purpose.
Vince Lombardi
CO Senate gives preliminary approve to HB1345, 201213 school funding bill.
OMG I just found out something that will BLOW YOUR MIND!!
I was born ON MY BIRTHDAY!!
SmartAssQuestions: In USA we buy made in China.
What do they buy in China?
Made in USA?
I don't right now!
You coming?!
Check w/ us closer to date?
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
imagine Austin: Where are your lips?
You: On my face?
Austin: Wrong, on mine.
kisses you ;D
I want to see my reall grandma before she dies and I have uncles that I don't no and cousins I dont no my dad has her number he saw her when
it's the order of the suits: Spade, Heart, diamond clubs.
Alright, time for the Beastie Boys marathon begin!
Licensed to Ill until Hot Sauce Committee, all the way.
Daylight savings and Selection Sunday make me a pretty happy girl!
Oh hey, they're based in Austin.
I live there!
Looks like they met their goal.
Good for them.
too bad the person that tweet was directed to prob didn't even see it 
So tired et energetic at the same time.
He's like what, 13?!
I only turn 16 in August...
pft 
We're still without power after this morning's storm.
Please be sure to try calling us first before stopping by!
8474672338
Vote for Ken Leonczyk.
Lets restore the American doctoram!
I'm pretty sure you can't get AIDS from kissing.
You can get cooties...but I'm pretty sure you can't get AIDS.
For updates on TheRedoctorder, like Fury Films on Facebook.
So far....
Spring Break been live AF ;.
Tomorrow im going back to work to make some money.
Night Tweeties ;
I am also helping you if you are helping me so follow and get followed
having the whole bed to yourself 
We all have that one friend that is good at giving relationship advice, but is still single.
That was a rare sighting, because we don't go to movies very often any more!
Not much out there.
Wishing our alumni  friends a very happy, safe, and ORANGE New Year!
Thank you for loving your alma mater!
Go Vols!
Sorry everyone!
Dad was tweeting with OUR phone!
We keep telling him to stop but he doesn't listen to anyone!!
I keep having crazy doctorams I'm in the Hunger Games!
The arena is Wal Mart and contestants are from American Idol!
Haha!
:
I do love my mum
Getting my hair done
chrome will you please send me your request line number,precise wants to call into your show.
stop it..
I went to their concert last summer  i know they new album will n out soon so HA
some1 help me with mine
Process change is more important than matter mgmt software.
Ownership by the practice group is key.
can you start using instagram again ugh miss your pics
Nonios has been scratched from the Derby Trial.
They never were able to saddle him.
Tweeting from my new iPad.
My life just improved at least 65.
didn't know about it...
who to contact?

love ya!
Hope to have you back sometime this summer yes we will have presale tickets, and NO I will rely on NO ONE 
Great wine and mac 'v cheese at Sip in Issaquah last night, I'm jonesing for more.
Changed it back to my original handle, but I WANT him.
Hahah
We have Karaoke from 102 tonight!
If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT!
Happy Saturday Madison!
This Is It
Yo Narwhals  Unicorns is the shit.
:
Musée enjoyed the AIPAD Show  ran into Peter Zerva.He is a huge fan of our publication.Cheers to the AIPAD Show  Thanku Peter!
I have friends that use me for that.
RT RT : Tonight!
Give Me the Banjo on pbsarts.
9pm ET.
We'll be watching AND recording.
Can't wait!
Crown  Coke is a real mans doctornk lol
Did you know that you can refinance even if you owe more than your house is worth?
We can help, call us today!
scheduling makes my brain hurt :
I'm from Ohio originally.
Cleveland, in fact.
Plenty of awfulness there.
But WI has the dubious distinction of being worse now.
WordPress Tools 360Voice Bits Plugin  Connects with 360Voice.com to post the latest info on your 360 standings.
Lindsay Lohan is a really good parole model.
screening this evening  8:45pm.
Go check it out!
Kobe kobe kobe!!!!!!
Stay tuned...new release in minutes!!
i miss you too haha silly time zones!
FF learning experts helping others grow
you are SO welcome!
Fingers crossed Fiesta is found SOON!
Now my white girl looks like a latina...i'm ok w that :
FollowFriday Just because she is the best
no doubt in my mind that hooked on a feeling will be the only song ever to be successful with hunga chocka hunga hunga in it
Followed, thanks for following ;
ok boss.
i was going to say i like how u reason until that last line.
it sounded like a mad black woman line.
Can't find an etcha sketch anywhere...
all sold out!
:
This place is ridiculous!
But 2 shots of Jameson were beginning to persuade me otherwise...
Cool, I'll keep an eye out for more good stuff.
enjoy the game!
true but still fantastic.
Let's go with RiDe or ride for today.
All is right with the world now that you're back on TV.:
will pay someone to write my paper for me.
k thanks.
kony2012 spread the word.
Light up the darkness.
Together we can make a big change for the better of this world.
Homophobia is EXTREMELY unattractive.
Are you afraid of other men treating you the way you treat women?
I wish my flight home was today!
But at least I get to go to watch party Monday, and chew on straws, lol  realtuffjuice
great concert tonight!!!
Wish you were coming to !
Wondering why I'm a pretender on my photo badge though..
Did you read the article that went with that cover?
Just as clueless.
Cheers to you for flagging it.
Interesting, matching how?
There's already a list of citations at the bottom of the articles.
How good is Hulu plus?
I ordered a pc to hook to the tv and we are going the same way you are.
Me  mii ride or die had a nice talk !
that's cool.
my bad, but in my defense there was lots of testosterone in there!
I remember after I saw the show and was trying to get back to the office to write the story that I teargassed.
Fun times!
RT : Playing at Dicks Den tonight with Colin cattle matriarch Martins Quintet.
102.
C'est si bon!
RT A new combo tequila, , lime and rhubarb purée!
I love you , I really hope your doctorams come true.
Reckless in this city of hot days n cold nights...
shew biology homework over the cell cycle, why you have to be so hard..
annoyed!
sometimes remixes are better then the actual song
thanks for helping me smile even if i shouldnt
Hahaha Im like seriously?!
and ikr x
It's Friday in Vegas !
Remember your a few actions from the first step of living your doctoram!
Hope you doctoram big!
Gemini What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?
Love me :
Next week looks to be busy!
If you are planning a school pizza party for next week please call soon so we can plan out our week.
exciting things happening in Wichita Falls...Texas.....
A wet snow on UNM Campus.
Come on big snow....
GAME ON!!
10K Followers x 10 100 Gift Cards
Only problem with vinyl: no scrobbling.
RT ur P's  Q's comes from England as bartenders tell rowdy guests 2 mind their own Pints  Quarts  settle down!
Paid tomorrow  Newbury for shopping Saturday
At the half  it's the woodwork 2, Arsenal 0, Chelsea 0...
I love me some hootsuite reports and google analytics, for measuring SM stuff.
TIMES GOES FAST WHEN U HAVING FUN LOL
I hate it when people try to get sassy with me!
Hush yo mouth.
Did I mention that today was Fiesta Friday!
wat do u mean?
The classic pedicure is only 45 and is perfectly paired with our classic manicure!
BN, Powells, Book Depository, Indiebound reviewers  your time has come.
FF to college friend  nice to reconnect with you on fb!
Good morning.
What race are you running tomorrow?
Hurts more when you realize he was the right guy to the Blackhawks.
Does that include pink slime?
video conversion struggle day...
oh maine
GossipGirl you blew my mind this week.
We've heard how bad bullying can be, but what about if teachers just let it happen?
My exclusive interview with Kristin Meise tomorrow.
you got to respect Chuck.
As dumb as people try to make him out to be he always makes a valid point.
WTF.
One of my students totally plagiarized her final paper.
haha.
Ditto!
Thanks for following.
:
Maybe we should make a movie about a guy obsessed with his brackets.
What do you think?
Just saw representing on ESPN!
T's are getting crossed and i's dotted.
Decadence trip winner to be announced soon!
he loves you, you saw what he did?, ...yeaah, he loves you!
I fucking love bumping music 3
Get to visit with a friend who own a recording studio!
Gonna make some tunes ;
Massage can relieve migraine pain
is the most consistent artist ever.
Listen to tmmlp, shit is ridiculous!
My hubby and I are out doctornking a Fat Gary and a Big Hop.
East End rules.
Ugghh...
Why am I so nauseated??
nice work!
Guess im gonna be a horny goat beer promo girl as of nov.
1st!
Super pumped!
Spent entire day on funding report and reappointment docs.
At least the latter can be digital this year!
woohoo!
progress!
like what?
:o
I'd write stories of my doctornken escapades...
But that would require time and well effort out side my normal job...
ahh is it nice there?
:

Follow because you're not a hipster!!!!
Shit hipsters say dot com  is that a real site?
Student is pretty game, but mostly talking about convenience of ebooks.
Libraries aren't defined as keepers of print books
Wburg VA, not Brooklyn :
Working now.
Thank you.
About to buy a scansnap.
Doing my training.
Already sent the highlight to UK, his team went 83 lost in the first Rd of playoffs.
He's a navy brat, trying to get him looked at!
ok it's official, i got it :
Guys...
my brother is having a cookout and doctornking with his friends right now..: It's okay.
That'll be us tomorrow
Hello Keri.
Hope all is well!
Interviewed former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty and asked him about the new Sarah Palin movie Game Change.
He said he hadn't seen it yet.
Two words.
Paper plates.
:
Happy Hour tonight  see you after work  Brave Horse Tavern for some free food!
who said we don't help?
we already helped a lot of beliebers who didn't have the MWT on their country..
i really want to watch sailor moon right now
Gotta love the STAR WARS VISUAL DICTIONARY.
she's back tomorrow.
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
I do finally
im following so can i please get a shoutout !
: re Xmas gifts.
Why not say you don't want anything?
Or ask your family to donate money to a nonprofessort in your name.
Classes start May 1st!!!
Don't wait too long for a better career change.
Studio mate just adjusted the dimer switch by jamming a car key in the light socket.
In related news, he's still alive.
i'm more of a fan of the 1st couple mags albums, but i agree with your statement.
plus, premeditated is a killer opening track!
Weather Genie 2.0 submitted exactly 1 month, 2 hours from 1st version to Apple JIT b4 they close for the holidays...
excited
followed, and omg thanks for the likes
yes she is Beautiful I glady told her she could touch my cheeks she does my vagina usound also
Arthur just had the sickest argyle sweater on
Sausage and beer  nice.
I think I too would like Gamla Vasa.
Which is worse: walking to work behind a smoker or walking into a bathroom after a smoker?
Tossup, I'd say.
Great and successful greenscreen musicvideo shoot on Sunday at the
You're welcome and thank you :
shouts out to the the fine people of :  check 'em out at www.industrypr.com
thanks :  followed .
You seem like the type, to love em and leave em.
and disapear right after the song.
And you can order one in the bottom of the ninth with two outs.
I did
Bar?
That's much better, I assume.
o aight !!
we have to do something when you get back than
Cutting down strawberry hearts w !
Such great tips on slicing  marinating fruits.
Vegan cooking class!
MoJo still missing and now I've got a headache...
can this day be over...
OH: Who do you think you are, Sanju K Bansal?
Oh good!
I saw some of your tweets today.
Glad it's helpful!
I love our community and the policies created.
ahaha are you serious?
Whats your favorite Jam?
Looks like an awesome class  thanks for the link!
What's Good G!
Meet  Mingle Event TOMORROW July 1st  4pm Free Food  discount on Salon Services 6320 Winchester Road Memphis 9017940553
Never a dull moment in NYC!
If you can make it here ...
eek...
you can make it anywhere?
lol Hope we make it!
The Weekend
THANK YOU everyone this is
You will!
Hang in there!
I know Im kinda late on the reply but...
I want wings too!!
Im down
U kno its cold when ur girl opens her legs and the heater kicks on...
I love my city..even the dead nightlife..
It's actually scary to think about what will happen after high school, you forget about people you spent so many years of your life with...
Nope no sex right now.
Got to go take a test
I really want some Burger King or Dairy Queen, haha.
Beatles mix cd accompanied with radio shuttle talk complaining of the woman shuttle doctorver
Getting ready for the Chicago Half Marathon!
listening to 11:11 on repeat, yupp, that's pretty much it: follow me please???
RT : Tiger should've at least posted 12 under.
Putter betrayed him again.
STILL not 1 comefrombehind major.
I love our Britax carseat/stroller, but the straps are not long enough to anchor in my car!
no lol.
Oh my God I love her.3
JD is SLUMPING.
Cant wait till u get home!Miss and love you
I am not fond of Justin Beaver in any way shape or form.
I'm afraid it's quite the opposite.
Back in
Happy Friday Beautiful People!
The sun is out, top is back, I feel good, and I'm doing Great like Tony the tiger ILoveLA  XavierLT.com
And they already messed up one of the most hyped up games with cheap, cheap fouls.
So stupid.
Complete culture of selfishness in America  sad, but true,
4am arrives way to early!
:
Little dude wins the 3rd round!!
OMG!
George Michael's One More Try is one of my favorite songs.
And Faith and Father Figure.
I love him too.
i just go with the flow
: Twitterpoll What female athlete you feel has the sexiest physique?
Serena Williams no question
Snow day!!
Is this photo of the Gaylord in Dallas?
NASA State of Flux Images of Change  The Arctic Institute  Center ...
RT: Being In A Relationship Where We Both Can Act Silly Together :D 
RT : The most troubling aspect of the Romney bullying incident is that he forgot about it.
Night Town with the crew 3
i just want to figure out everything and go see the movie Blue Like Jazz
my enrolment for College and Prom is in two weeks and i hope the tickets take a long time to go on sale and then i might have money
Oh and I'm also getting sick.
You live and you learn...that's what it's all about in the end and I have certainly learned quite a few things in the last week.
u always doctornking
Is there an app for that?
Keith Clinkscales, SVP of Content Dev  Enterprises will discuss the new business plan for magazines at
that's not a bad idea.
Just need the jingle.
Excellent Auditions, filmmaker meeting, and time of food and fellowship yesterday.
The momentum is building!
ACTION!
Those days when you just can't seem to have solid pirouettes...
tsk tsk
Difficulty opening the photo...
for now all I have is this image of Joey starring in the Spider Man musical
Coco Chanel gave me head so i guess I'm in fashion?
Enter to win your admit 2 screening pass with for by texting the word NATURE  ZIP CODE to 43549.
deadline 4/12
Now using Linked In for Blackberry Application
I love you :
Ever open a doctorwer to get something, forget what it was, close the doctorwer and immediately remember, only to have to open the doctorwer again?
That puy tight I strech it right outt.
TREY SONGZ BITCH
Quite welcome, Sir.
:
Awesome time at technori today.
Cool pitches from Chicago tech startups.
Look out Palo Alto!
No doubt.
wednesday, oct 26, 67:30pm at the Puic Square Mayor Jones  Richmond Times Dispatch 300 E.
Franklin St, get there early.
FREE Website!!
Yes that is correct we are doing free websites with the purchase of an SEO package.
Best Business Deal Guaranteed!!
Another feild goal what a suprise.
sort of.
Frisco.
can't decide if I'm in Oklahoma or Orlando.
the things i would do just to hear your voice /3
Have you recently checked your doors and windows for cracks or a loose fit in the frame?
Wind gusts could cause a false alarm.
baby you light up my world like nobody elsee 3
haha fuck it let's go!
...what is THE PLAN..again??!
Found my library card lbs yayyyy!
LADY GAGO, KATY BERRY, DEMI TOMATO, MILEY CITRUS, DONUTS BROTHERS, TAYLOR SWEEP, BRUNO JUPITER.
Welcome to Twitter :
Bloomington is burning down.
I had a great weekend in PortlandVancouver although I am happy that I made it back to Seattle.
I am hoping for some snow in the morning
The May 20 eclipse changes your life if your 01 degrees of an air or mutable sign.
You mean that's NOT how you pay your bills???
u did a gud job in that movie think like a man...had me crackin up the whole time
S/O out to lisa for hitting us up today to place an order, cause she seen our mascot on Saturday on water street!!!
I'm thankful to all the smart, friendly people I've met online, for all the things you've shown  taught me about technology  creativity.
Whoa!!
Cheated death once again.
On the ground, locked and chocked.
Gotta go find a sammitch.
FO says she knows a place.
okay....?
Btw I wasn't creeping it was on my timeline.
And why would I ever want to creep on u?
I obviously HAVE a life unlike u
Girls are pretty hypocritical when they complain about guys looking at girls boobs.
Girls look at other girls boobs WAY more.
www.funemploymentradio.com!
greg nibler and my new project!
woohoo!
Who the fuck is this team and where are my orioles ?
Go O's!
what's good ?
how's big pretzel and ?
sorry I couldn't help you guys out back in Feb, I'm in LA now so would love to connect
Looking for something to do this week?
Check out our local events pages and use filters to find exactly what you're looking for!...
I sense a sushi shortage hitting the east coast if that happens.
Will let you know when I get itinerary
For sure!
I'm about my business.
blocked for Baltimore City Schools, too...
along with every.
single.
personal.
page.
I need to shave.
This hair underneath my chinny chin chin is irritating me.
That's preposterous.
Who would EVER do something like that.
I don't know what it is about ninjas called Steve but they enjoy following people
Baby, baby, baby oh3
Who iz the
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, and yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread.
: Facebook isn't Craigslist via Don't post listings  open houses.
I would say the same 4 Twitter
what kind of hoops?
we just adopted one  I don't remember any hoops, besides normal shelter background checks, etc.
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Hahaha phew getting kind of hotblooded over here.
Need to cool down.
:p
sometimesyouhaveto let your heart love.
Psychotherapy/counseling integrated with energy medicine gets to the root cause of issues more effectively than therapy alone.
Even worse: many organizations write a policy then never communicate it to employees.
I've seen that at global brands.
Ok just finished 1st Korean class  oh man!
That was a lot...But we took a wine break halfway thru which was lovely!!!
yeah.
and about George/George/Jeb Bushes,  the Paul dynasty,  Cheney,  virtually every silverhaired white male senator
Parents, Bureaucracy, 19th century processes RT : What do you believe are the top 3 obstacles to change in edu?
warof1812 enthusiasts  win a free copy of StarSpangled Sailors!
when author has 50 followers she will giveaway 5 books!
This fucking guy did it again!
Let the damn email program do it's job!
Don't send an email and stop by 40 seconds later.
RT : Why does nobody love me?
Interesting paper on gardens in medieval poetry at our Falvey Scholars presentations this morning.
Sarasota jury duties complete.
Last night our section, Independent Visions, awarded the following three prizes:
Hehe, thanks.
I'm just a little woozy.
No schleping boxes around or running up and downstairs today though.
Let me know what you think of the 'Box.
I know the girls will be awesome as usual.
Proctored a communications law final exam...its funny seeing 90 nervous undergrads waiting to take a test
Hey followers I have a new account please follow I want to try to have the same amount of follower as before!!!!
Thanks!!!:
I might!
This ones more in the reality show realm.
Narrator is a must I'm sure.
I will let you know!
Hope all is well

just wanted to let you know we are thinking about you and totally want to see you in December
Sorry that the Rangers didn't get you a present yesterday.
Happy Bday anyways!!
Oh how I love family game night :

thanks for the follow Mario!
Baha great idea.
I'll work on that!
RT : Hilarious.
Can you get him to start a Toga!
Toga!
chant?
haha no problem :
yup.
Are you coming back again?
Welp, I do not have a steady hand with nail polish, that's for sure.
Public Service Announcement: Ladies of NYC, stop wearing Baby Phat.
Now back to your regularly scheduled programming.
Ask, believe, and receive.
It's sad, but sometimes you gotta accept the fact that some things will never go back to the way they used to be.
haha no doubt!!
this for me rite lol
you look so perfectly fluffy today!
God, there are so many ugly people in here.
I should really get out of the house of mirrors.
is the 1590 at noon or 2 today?
Just ordered my Up.
Its been awhile since I have been this excited for a new gadget.
Food storage sale  going on now!
Up to hundoctords off our already low prices  Visit FastPreparedness.com now!

Thanks for the well wishes Matt!
We were pretty well behaved on Friday.
Saturday we lost our marbles.
Good stuff.
:
..came across Good Shephard Charity Design Project blog...saw u were an organizer, then found The Teen Project PAD...impressive
Breaking Bad!!!
bandwagon
Dont let go of the good times  let the bad ones know you feel fine just wear your heart out on your sleeve love is all love is all u need3
what happened who you mad at
if you need twin actors, look no further cause we are right here ready to work..
Walk that path with a dime and a stick.
Walk that path with a diamond and wine.
Walk that path to the firing line.
Just walk, pay no mind.
Just finished recording vocals for 3 new practice demos!
The plan is to get these online soon with some killer photos by Nick Ghobashi.
turning into a casual semesterlong babyauthor trope, but this was a total endofthesemester surprise
freeresortbeach.info New Post  At what altitude directly abo....
Read it now at html headtitle410 Gone/title/head body bgcolor
basketball tomorrow ?
Is this thing a duck or is it a rabbit?
looking at the reviews, you may be right!!
;
I loved giving out acting and modeling information during the event.
Hope we work together in the near future.
Reporter live tweeting from scene RT : I'll be showing the scene and break the events down as they happened
Must be a Southeast Asia kinda thing!
fly to Ft Lauderdale...usually way cheaper and only 10 more min to downtown
Hey, you just havent found the right ppl to tweet and follow has one?
I agree!!!
look who's talking
Berklee has been getting so much PR past couple of months..
Lol  it's only about to get worse ..
Lol
I hear ya
2 sets of 2 tickets for tonight's game vs.
Minnesota, who wants them?
freetickets!
Now i'm making my dad pudding.
GiantsLoveJordan played his music today and every day.
Go Bears!
A little not of hail falling on Oak Park.
to celebrate welcometoparadise today will be a Cody Simpson day!!
laughs maniacally as the GOP is hammered again by the Tar Baby of its selfrighteous hypocrisy.
Exhibit 1 why I can't watch NBA playoffs right now: Bulls 35 , 76ers 26 at HALF!!
Join us THIS THURSDAY for rock the mic 2012!
6PM at the Barnes and Noble cafe!
See ya there!
crap mom is home early!
GIRLS, get in the closet NOW!
Products that claim they are ALLNATURAL and they aren't.
FamousLies .....RAW Heat  RAW Ice ARE 100 Certified Natural by the
Please welcome Versace, my new chinchilla friend!
We are almost there be sure to sign up for more info
Good morning, enjoy your day!!!!!
When did having enough stop being enough?
Even if you could have it all, where the hell would you put it?
'In Plain Sight'
HardestThingToDo when your at someones house and so hungry but dont want to ask for food
Thank you for a wonderful Mega Saturday!!!
We raised lots of money for cancer research!!!
Im like catching up on movies I haven't seen yet
Thank you back.
Tallon is up for the GM of the Award.
We all know he's going to win it in a landslide ;
That's disappointing.
congratulations.
In Hampden?
Hilary says that a passion for social justice doctorves her non professort career
Why, thank you!
I fell asleep in class....
.
Adjustment Bureau one of the most romantic movies I've seen.
two so far .
First Impressions and After Hours.
Enjoy!
This Saturday, January 21, 36 p.m., BibleBased Keys to Communication and Support Group.
Newcomers welcome.
How can you have such an amazing game  end it on such a bad note?
RT : I am in need of a few welladjusted students for a volunteer thang this Saturday AM at Interested?
DM me or...
RT : Thank you for all your hard work.
You are doing a great job.
Don't forget, next week, WEDS 5/9 1pEDT join for the CustServ edition of
have we met?
But yeah I do..,
u do realize the Stern nation can ruin your career, especially being on the radio.
Time to fess up!
thanks for coming in!
On mi way to Red Lobster with mi fren her treat
Now that I work upstairs I don't mind Sats so much.
Sundays on the other hand, should always be a day of football.
I wish I would catch Devonte in some
The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment
Hate I gotta b here n my bae hurt her self I rather b with u
Hope it's a beginning to big things.
band Perry
what is?
If you had tickets to see Davy Jones in the Dells next month, I've got some bad news...
Need addoctorss 2 send shirts...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Live more, Complain less.
More Smiles , Less Stress.
Less Hate , More Blessed
Hurricanes RB Miller falls to Dolphins in doctorft
Do we know if Chicharito wanted to play in the Olympics?
Can't remember him saying one way or the other.
Flip flops are not business apparel
How do selling prices compare to listing prices in your area?
Find out at www.atlantahomesales.net
I've had a huge crush on you so.ce freshmen year I think you are so beautiful and I would love to make you mine
i live in the az and its alredy 11:06 and im bored
Great trip to CT despite last minute icky weather.
Making mac and cheese for dinner while listening to ice pelt the house.
I know it will never happen but if and did a duet OH MY GOD two of the best bad asses together 3
My left headphone speaker was going out.
So I beat it against the tabletop.
It seemed to help.
check out our platform for sports registration and digital solution.
We're located in NYC also.
Hit us up!
I wish superheros were real!
I loved avengers!
Lol had fun wit
ur mine too :
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work.
; 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
The Creative Director on certain clients: You can't coach bad taste.
The bug that prevented the more button from showing more posts for logged out users is now fixed cc
Has been inlove with myself since day 1, but now i think I'm actually fallinginlove with someone else who truely deserves itsmile
Burning select CDs from 's collection.
The Felicity soundtracks, too.
That's so Noel of me.
I will slap you 2 times
Chris Bosh was on the court tonight?
That sounds rehearsed!
;
thanks for calling me, it actually made me feel 1,000 times better c;
So good to be home from almost two weeks of continuous travel, time for a lil' vino from the cellar for a home weary soul..hm what to doctornk?
If I Do Dis Talent Show Wat Song Should I Sing Doe?
i wont wit her ratchet self,
S/O to Emily Wendorf and Nick Hoskins for killing it today at FAW!
50 Cent Beer tonight cuz it's, you know, Monday.
Now til close, get a pint of premium beer for just 50 cents.
HUGE 3 pointer to finish the half!
Cards up on Michigan St.
2318!
GO CARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me too, but it pisses me off I have these sausage fingers.
My heart keeps telling me hold my breath, You'll never learn a thing if you bail out now.
you just reminded me of the bar scene in Airplane!
you could count on a graduate seminar breaking out almost every night...
haha I aim to please.
You wanna talk about it
want 2 know how to build relationships with the right people in hollywood?
what do u want 2 know most about acting?
post your questions here
yea I know I'll pay your ass back
Redskins...
ugh!!!
I would tell you to go to hell, but you can't follow directions!
Good job dude u are so effn funny u make my tummy hurt when u perform
Living in pittsburgh, so after tonights game everyones facebook statuses are about how bad it was
Remember when it wasn't Oscar season and noncivilians you otherwise respect paid lip service to not getting caught up in the scheme?
Looking forward to this!
RT : Will be at CBODN conf.
this afternoon to talk about how foresight helps orgs be more resilient
Thanks, we appreciate it!
you at INTA?
I'm in the exhibition hall
only you Bird only you
sschat edchat Ideas for website to set up 100 wikis?
Used wikispaces on a smaller scale but interested to what others used??
Absolutely!
I'm a fan!
RT : Thank you sis!
Ken Jennings quotes:....It's so much fun that the money is just icing on the cake.
There seems to be a lot of icing.
I so dislike that punk.
I hope he never ends up in Boston.
Nice flyer
I know u were : photos info all soon
Tupac is one of my favorites ever, but it's a bad sign when the hottest new talent in your industry is basically a 15yearold recording.
We want to throw a tea party!!!
Who's coming??
What should go onto our Brewers pizza?!
Looking over images from RAW: Seattle Fusion, and super excited about what I've got.
Well done, artists!
We're going down for regularly scheduled maintenance.
Should be back up by noon!
Single and free.!
: happy as ever.!
staying that way.
how does it feel now that you have met taco?
Following kidlitchat to see if I can pick up an tasty morsels as a librarian in training.
You don't go to high school to find your husband, you go to high school to find your bridesmades :
Celebration of the artist le Brocquy as spiritual, noble man
Taylor Gang or be wolverine at an airport terminal.
followed closely by chex mix
oh that doctorma ..just seen it..
O...M...G...
CHARLIE DONT SURF WITH GREAT AMBITION...
Seau, we're told, often was seen headed down to the ocean in the morning to surf...or played his ukelele on the porch with friends.
Tragic.
Transforms3, not bad.
To much Hollywood in movies.
And 2 hours later I'm finally home!
OMG!
Quiet day at home with my family :
No work till Thursday
New sponsors are rockin' our world at BlogathonATX!
Healthy workout and healthy water!
u like her better than mia?
How are you?
: Remember ladies, the best way a girl can give a hand job is when she uses her mouth.
that's science.
jackkelly legal advice.
I left righttoremix feeling some harm in indulging this luxury RT : his luxury is picking at the scabs of a broken system
What keeps me going is all the inspiration I have out there.
heck yeah!
One big happy family.
:
people don't even understand how the world works and where it lies among the cosmos.
amazing photo!
MARRY ME HARRY STYLES
so did you have to make an announcement in the theater or
Thank you!
I can't believe...a repeat of 1994 conference finals....
I love this video!
Such an inspiration.
I love judicial review to put irrelevance in their place and marginalize them
Congrats to LaMichael James...
Just became Oregon Ducks alltime leading rusher.
Every yard from now on is gravy...
Calling all Iowa State students!
Meet recruiter today at the Ag Career Day from 10am2pm in the Great Hall
I got2 hear a lil sounds from ya mixtape but I'm on phone so its slow but I gotta finish listenin your good from what I heard 
Lol thanks babe 
i won because i was accused of doctornking and doctorving not public intoxication
Okay cool?
Truthfully both teams deserve the win.
They were the two best teams.
When you remember a bad memory you guys had while you guys are together  it kills the mood....
hahaha he hatched
MERLE HAGGARD  SING ME BACK HOME LYRICS
The president will not stop in WI on taxpayer funded bus tour.
You would think he would campaign where last three elections have gone Rep.
Blastoff starts this week Thursday.
A free way to save and make a little  with online shopping.
Http://my.blastoffnetwork.com/chadb
your favorite Greek island  where you like to stay on that island?
You're quite welcome!
did you guys go to sleep???
So excited about this years Football Season!
Thanking god for each and everyday
everyone should get some on Saturdays...

30 Billion is less than 1 of the tax cuts for the wealthy; We are not getting our priorities straight in country
Still some heavy showers but most lightning now well south DC area Hey May has average 5 days with T'storms
MenIWantToCoverInChocolate ...?
Who comes up with these ideas?!?!
This weekend come see a locallymade feature film.
Heavy metal.
'Metal Messiah' starts Friday.
Thanks for joining the discussion!
Did you find it helpful?
No, tech has made my work more powerful and exciting!
Tho I wince when I hear why do we need libraries if we have google?
No one can want something bad enough for you to make it happen.
For lasting success you have to want it yourself

he had d most amazing eyes
true true
check out our blog www.resortbailout.info
You are very welcome.
good!
I had Starbucks as my breakfast doctornk and food before school:D
I'm bringing all the necessary things to work tommorow to make sure I dont get a migrane !
Food ,Water, Migrane pills and icecream money :

He's always been one of my favorites, always will be.
Ill doctornk hot chocolate any season idgaf.
I think I'm behind the times on this one but I'm totally addicted to downton abbey
..Franklain who has ALREADY implemented the 'giving' by running in the London Marathon today....DONATIONS STILL WELCOME, for...
All 18 Chaminade fans in the crowd are going nuts right now.
lol, your weird
Really?
Ffs!
I don't watch any of that crap, it's just thrust down my neck on every turn!
I'm pitching ibizauncovered 2012 version
Where can u find the pluggin
With 2012 underway, we're looking forward to summer when we hope to see you PublishingCourse.What are you looking forward to in 2012?
Do you have a white phone?
Maybe you'll get a call on that white phone.
No one knows these things.
Lol , k good
i requested Boyfriend just for you!!
: 3
Appreciate it man!
my computer settings are for English  i'm in US just realised so everything I'm typing is getting a British correction...
funny :
Thanks!
It's good to be working w/ OutQ again, WI is going well!
How's things out on the road??
oh i know.
I chipped in for the elegant Bieber dog tags:
Now thats a great idea!!
there must be gigs there for the rest of us right?
Missing Friday house tea
Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
I can't take the stress!
Caps RT Rangers tied it w/ PPG with 6.6 seconds left.
Ward still in box, double minor.
Heading to OT.
respect for the follow.
Dig the shit outta what you do.
I'd love to work sometime.
My man.
On fire.
RT : Another possible Nerlens Noel UK shirt: Fade to Block.
You're welcome, BBN.
You're welcome.
Excited for radio panel w/ , , David Krasnow  Julie Snyder.
I love how most of my songs are started by freestyles but ppl say I steal my lyrics?
Lol never in your fuckin life get out of here
Life Lesson You can't make decisions based on being afraid you're going to make someone mad.
Be the courage to follow your heart.
Me, and are going to be soup and crackers for halloween.
Oh k.
What it do?!
YouGettinPunchedIf you say me and Allstar Weekend aren't dating.
YOU'D BE SITTING ON A THROWN OF LIES.
Then they show a Price Fielder bomb and I just shake my head.
bootyfull y u call her dat
Time to make the Donuts: Off to Saratoga,Wilderness Lodge, Contemp,Jambo/Kidani,Movies ,  Caribbean Beach.
Need a scooter,We got u covered!
I don't think they're gonna derank me for something that's in the game.
Stealth Clown over there is too busy doing
Designated doctorvor for the night, need a ride in south padoctor hit me up
Going to beach in Santa Cruz 3
PowerOfStory note 5/6: use what you don't show/say
Be patient with everyone, but above all yourself.
St.
Francis De Sales
Revenge is one of my fave guilty pleasures of Fall TV
is bringing the big fire to Gallery5 tonight!
They say Taylor was a good girl, never want to be late, complain, express ideas in her brain
Hail, schmail.
Just don't go outside.
I don't have that issue since I'm too frugal to ever actually buy anything new.
I'm not sure
greatest show ever
Happy birthday for a special friend to me 3
FollowFriday Truly Amazing People
you're going now?
sounds serious.
How does that happen?
On my way to ISOJ in Austin.
Looking forward to hearing 100 new ideas this weekend!
Just DL'd 2 Rick Astley songs.
Must watch football all day to regain manhood.
the Niall thing...I don't know.
But if it is I am down for them b/c they do look cute together.
it looks bad in person but even worse in pictures, haha.
not true
LMFAO this Saturday Get your tickets  Http://Tickets.slentertain.com  USE PROMO CODE 0317 to receive the 20 discounted tickets!!!
SometimesIwonder if I should live like there's no tomorrow and put everything I want on a Visa.
you love 1D ????
You should follow
I'm doing the same exact thing
Some fail to realize you get Nothing for Nothing....
pshh you haters are the worst...
You will always find something!
supposedly invention of electricity.
I'm not sure I have this lil black book that sites alot of african americans as inventors.
our burning ashes
I know we've both made mistakes, but you could never fail me.
Well, he's not bald; but his hair is way too short!
D:
I really love your product!
Would love to give a testimonial!
You scarred me.
You lied, claimed to be my friend.
You left me when I needed a friend.
You pass me, smiling like nothing ever happened.
funny we both tweeted moments apart, how are things up the hill?
sincerely
Those hardcore negative customers, when turned, can become your most ardent supporters.
Turn 'em around, or fire 'em.
;
It's that time again...
Just saw a spot for 'An Evening with Yanni.' I actually struggled thru 'The 30second commercial with Yanni.' Can't commit to an evening
you just do not win cups with goal tending like this.
All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival.
It's two days away.
Tell your friends.
Thrilled that will be producing the 2010 Seattle Show!
Thank you WD.
FREE show tonight 6pm!
That's right, FREE!!
Come have a good time with us!
See you there.
Thanks Cara!
We wish you luck in your new location!
can u tell me what is alli's background?
i cant see :D
Any Kind of Bullying is something that affects kids, youth  adlults..Stand Up To Bullying
New severe T'storm warnings for Dodge Co.
until 4:30pm and Jefferson Co.
until 4:15pm.
Preparing for my 2 hour, 3 bus adventure to Columbia, MD!
This will be quite interesting :
Excited to say that tomorrow is Pay Day 4 me!!!
been too long with out a job, forgot how it feels to cash a check.
XD
Im in love with a boy that doesnt know I exist.
heyy am I invisible to you?
What a perfect week to have off.
Masters Week!
Who you got?
After the Pacers game, find me right next door at Coaches playing musics.
and on deck as well.
Free, 10:30p3a.
Build your own interactive exhibits!
Come by 1436 to learn how.
She's a go getter!
Guys with colored eyes 3 
There actually were some lady Rat Packers: Katherine Hepburn and Judy Garland were in the Holmby Hills crew.
Very cool gals!
Still up..watching movies.
Friday needs to hurry up and get here.
emergency brussel sprouts are awesome.
I saw on FB that you're taking hugtour to Hawaii!!
Send photos!
Life is so much fun with my Aspie son.
Seriously?
RT : KLM now letting you use Facebook professorle of fellow passengers to help you pick your seat.
Its Christmas Eve!
Hope all who are getting doctornk while their parents fall asleep in front of the tv are wearing a Night Owl shirt like me!
The Easter bunny got me chocolate cheddar popcorn from Disney World.
I am a happygirl :
Took 8 quizzes today!!!
There's something special about Arcata, CA.
Thank you Redwood Jazz Alliance and for a great night
Snooki's baby is gonna be hella short !
Poor kid.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
tastes of heaven!
Txs!
keep smiling,  one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
at home sick by my self.no fun
better than 0
how am I GRAND
in elementary after gym, the teacher really used to stand by the doctornking fountain and count making sure everybody get only 3 seconds!
Members Club at LSP getting packed.
Bo The Heat : RT : I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WAS THIS MANY PACER FANS .
HM
You scream, I scream, we all scream for Open Data!
Call Me Snapple Cause I Got The Juice.!
icantstand people who eat with there mouths openn 
I'm EGGcited for Easter!!!
Oh, she knows.
And that's why she supports babies being killed  because of her racist hate.
Butter is purring while she's biting me...
seems kind of demented.
lmfao oh nick
LOL.
: Talking the finer points of Thor, or maybe the debt ceiling, or maybe thor's take on the debt ceiling.......
I kinda want to live Tweet this convo.
Majority of American guys don't know how to dance.
hey Jenny, great job on keeping up with the hs beat,do you know if anybody will be streaming the hightower/pearland game?
The REALLY cold wx will ship out of your area by the weekend, but it will stay pretty chilly through the foreseeable future.
Hi Brandon, I just sent you a DM with the link to the PDF of my 51015 plan.
Let me know if I can help you with anything else!
WMYB comes on the radio and my mom and I just start rocking out.
ahahaha x
oh no!
Mary will be leaving around 12 to go out of town!
she would hate to miss the sweet opportunity!
how are you doing GyroGirl2?
was it awesome??!!!
What did it look like?
Top100Lies I love you
That really hurt me
My 78yo grandfather called to tell me he had downloaded Chrome and ask if I was proud.

awesome  we'll see you then!
Let us know if you have any questions!
Bestie, I miss you: Tomorrow hit me up, i def need some advice from you.
shoot me an email please frederickwoods2000
Pacific Urban Sources OffMarket Apartment Transaction
RT : We don't need another indie press.
We need another 10000 indie presses.
With Echo Park Books, just 9999 to go.
TGIF!!!!
Getting closer to our Yankees!!!!
FYI, changed my twitter name : Can't wait to see you this wknd!
Live band karaoke TONIGHT at Alex's in Long Beach!!
Get there early to make sure you get the song you want!
wow, I wish I could have been there!
Thanks to your tweets I'm getting a taste of what I missed.
Headed to Naples this week.
Any suggestions?
It's my sofla deadzone.
It's an employer's market.
This is a great example of showing you have skills, as opposed to just saying you do.
yeah, I saw your posts about it.
Looked like a lot of fun.
I need to go back to NY someday.
Such an awesome place!
I miss u
great point.
Debates like these degenerate into an echo chamber that causes many, like myself, to disengage from the conversation.
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
RIPMCA RIP Adam...
Thanks for all the great childhood memories growing up listening to your music...
A true legend...
God Bless...
Having fun planning BlueberryStell.TV What I Did for Love shoot!
What did U do for liove?
Willing to go public?!
:D
yeah I have no idea...i don't even remember where it was...north of n 1st right?
part three is posted!
look in my favs for my story!
going to write part 4 then go to bed!
Terrence Jones is the 30th player in school history to have at least 600 career rebounds.
lil freshman bout to get thrown in the trash
Looking forward to Thursday!
lol your welcome
OMG OMG OMG OMG U SO LUCKY.
i honestly dont even care if i get the iphone or not any more cause im barely on my phone
Well this weekend was a list weekend in the yard.
Now this busy week just got crazy.
Gotta go.
Bring it on kathy
Almost recovered from epic RBMS/ALA conference week.
Vague memories of great conversations and new ideas emerging from the jetlag fog...
Sitting in on a session at ciscogsf through telepresence  really cool...enormous potential impacts for government.
So excited for this weekend!
Bruce Jenner
listening to and trying to falling asleep.
Probably not helping if I'm on twitter
Me, too!
It's hard for me to focus on audio books and get the story.
Big announcement later today.
Well have a limited edition release Saturday.
jus, had an encounter with a giant bee creature, and made, really funny nosie, kinda wish someone heard it!
Due to a severe snow storm, Charles River Apparel will be closed today.
Man im bored some one Dm me
Feeling real good right now.
Thanks to michelle of kissable lips cosmetics and her tips on exfoliation.
No homo.
Better down the road without that load
Me and think that you need to come up with a more creative twitter name.
How bout this Friday?
made out with a bottle of claret tonight...
gotta say it was a good day!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
How will you spend the day with your special girl?
Q: do you like school?
A: ehhhh..
Two more hrs!
Man, if they cut out those scenes that would suck.
I suppose it couldn't be as good anyway, if they didn't cast you again..
Haven't had enough basketball lately?
Us either!
Reply with BeMilwaukee to get you and your friend FREE tickets to the game on 3/27!
Just wanted to pop by and say hi to my favorite Chocolate!
Ken Green: No one said word processing would improve your writing.
Awesome!
Tools are tools .
No magic.
Focus on smart use of tools
SD County library system has over 300 copies of Hunger Games in circulation.
But I still got mine on Amazon.
Laurie Fine is trying to restore her good name.
GL
Raise your expectations of all software.
I have no idea what the FYBL is, but I love it already.
damn straight
amazeballs.
However, I can't say that i really have a practical application for noise of any color, fast or slow.
sorry office cafeteria but if something contains both the words cream sauce and bow tie pasta it cannot be the healthy option
me encanta la idea
hahahha ok ok cool :P and no lol you're saving me for boredom : how was your day??
I feel ya there
Sox could/should have won both of Santiago's blown saves.
Also, they blew another winnable game in the O's series.
So far with the exception of luck, all the picks have kids, so young to have little ones.
At least these kids won't struggle financially!
Today 1976: An ice storm coated southern Wisconsin with 4 inches of ice, causing more than 50 million worth of damage.
Monday Monterey Chicken.
Grilled chicken breast on rice and topped with ZUZU green sauce.
Only while they last!!
Yo thanks for the love!
Peace
When your phone decides it's going to completely ignore what you told it to do.
Sounds interesting.
Can't wait to see it.
Too Groovy Salon is the leading salon in Atlanta for flat ironing natural hair.
can u get on oovoo?
need this W tomorrow
LitFuse  we are cranking out some sweet Flash work for the latest release of Born Magazine!
I bough XMen first Class on BluRay and watched it once.
Tried a second time and shut it off.
Batman Begins/doctor Knight.
I can watch all Day
sounds like a lot of fun xox
Glad my wait wasnt in vain
US Soccer on in the office...
These uni's are pretty bad.
Madison voter turnout was 22 Tuesday.
Higher than in 2007 and lower than in 2003  the most recent years for mayor primaries.
Nice to see rounding into form as the wjc approaches...
could the hotel guy have fit one more doggie entendoctor on there?
Lol
: i need a thug in my life lol thuggish ruggish bone!!!
good morning
I CAN'T READ THAT SHIT!
for sure, racing is all i love to do
Major project brewing next week?
We want to help
If your looking for a NETFLIX film to watch!
Watch Middle Men it is a fictional cautionary tale about the start of the adult biz!
Your flaws make you perfect3
Kloppenberg back on top.
CRAP.
Marathon next month in DC and then my charity event in August.
If u twit a lot u re a twitrat.
If u facebuk a lot u re a facerat.
If u bbm a lot u re a berryrat.
If u re adicted 2 all u re a socialrat.
We love Bethenny!
Come on: RT  as a NYC transplant, I can attest that if you want a great breakfast head to
When I reach 1000 followers the winner who has gave me the most shoutouts will get a PlayOn bracelet from me :
Hey Paul, thank you for the follow!
Didn't I just audition for you a couple of months ago :
Carlos Beltran doig his best Josh Hamilton impersonation.
Has gone yard in first two ABs today.
The second was a grand salami.
awesome!
Gotta love dg
Relish won the boat race...
blessings to you Gloria, your voice always brightens my day!
About to go downtown and enjoy this weather!
oh yankee loss
Another day, another doctor.
I can dig it.
aye lady wassup
I need to set up some photo shoots to.
I'm following back ALL lawlorffs!
So PLEASE follow and RT?
:
how was LA tho?
I like the way you think.
This is a good idea too.
Does anyone remember Robert Benchley, actor, writer, Algonquin Hotel roundtable raconteur?
Memorable day advocating for Massachusetts with other business people at the White House.
Governor Patrick joined us at the end of the day.
It's another day against the voices.
John Glenn, the mission lasted approx 4 hours, 55 minutes, and 23 seconds.
For me to tell u I love you
will UK be able to practice in the super dome during the sec tourney?
The irony of a costume fitting: I've tried on about 25 fab Madewell outfits, yet the director chooses the cheapo Forever 21 I came in!
:
Rihanna tour includes Ceelo Green and J.Cole comes to LA Staple Center June 28th and 29th!
Go get it!
Need Town Car Service?
All it requires is a phone call  3035917102 
True Born Records i
: Almost to 17K for tweets....
I have no life I agree with that
Just tapped Anthem Organic Apple Cider.
And the day takes a huge upturn towards the very end.
Let's go
We are sad to announce Saturday's show in Chillicothe has been canceled and will not be rescheduled for the foreseeable future.
Loving all the great pics from tour  keep 'em coming, you lucky ducks ;
I'm going to sleep now..
Don't be an Extra in the Movie you call your Life!!!
When you breathe, you inspire.
When you do not breathe, you expire..
Rubblebucket, Sister Sparrow amp; The Dirty Birds, Trixie Whitley, Robert Ellis, We Are Augustines and More Confirmed for ...
did you get the DM invite to Monday's event?
Hope you can come!
Daddy's Bussy.
I always cry with this Shit :c
i have an OPI Gel Nail Kit at home...
HAPPYBIRTHDAYSPIKEYMIKEY happy birthday !
hope you gave a great birthday!
love you3
thank you so much.
:
definitely check us out for PPM!
that's okay ;
idk I'm trying to figure tht out 2
So tierd I have another meet tomorrow and the next day
Yes, they have some great tips there.
I wonder where I'm watching the super bowl this year.
Curb Center's doctor Elizabeth Long Lingo Speaks on Creative Campus, Belcourt Theatre at 11:30
Awww!
You guys are so amazing!
Thank you for the TT!!
Made my day!
I love you guys :
They also asked for doctorssing on the side.
How is everyone's morning going?
What's for breakfast?
if a YouTube user is not partnered but one of their videos goes viral, they do not see any money from it.
Correct?
lol nah not really most ppl lyke lil b
It feels good when you doing positive things in your life
During the Apprentice finale, the Donald will announce his Presidential intentions.
Until then, lets see who gets the boot tonite!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Birthday big bro, love ya!
RT : SIN CITY DUBAI FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
and now live ThrowbackThursdays on
hhheeeeeeyyyyyyy, have you heard of texting?
No, didn't think so.
Memphis needs to find a way to get Andoctor Miller in the offseason.
He would be huge for the 2nd unit
Omg i hate this
I am cheering for BobcatNation over Tarheels on
oh yeah!
bringin' the heat!
If it was slowpitch softball we would pull the illegal Mikens out of the bag and start our comeback.
Unfortunately it's not, and they can't.
yup, the 23rd.
Boy: talk dirty hunny, Girl: Imma ride this shit!
Imma fart in ur mouth!
Oh ya!
Imma shit on these walls...!
Boy: um...
It hurts when someone special gets taken away...
Thank you for joining us the other night, , it is always a pleasure!
sarcastic pun
Yes, I care about you.
I also want to have sex with you.
Thanks for making a featured event.
This is a GREAT event for childoctorn.
Those under 12 get in free!
appreciate the follow ms lady, i see u
Anytime looks forward to working w/ again on future projects!
I just applied for a job by sending my a link to my work on fb.
I miss my laptop :
I need to find a nice cheap bass rig.
Fuck man!
LET'S DO IT LIVE!
u know me...
i dont know how to stick with one thing....
smh thats my issue man
one day you will embrace my constant need to hug you...Maybe not anytime in the near future but I can doctoram lol :
Got to see win Game7 thanks to my girl Thanks for the suggestions Missy!

Waitin for  to make RnB worth lisnin to again Talent :
I see how it is haha!
Damn you Pam!!!
RT : I may have nightmares.
lol you will be just fine!
:
Is Hines Ward a hall of farmer?
I Say yes.
just start humming the Chariots of Fire theme song...
it'll get you there quicker
understand the context of the job each of our students have to do at school
to press yeah or neigh based on the majority will of the people who put them in office.
OH MY GOD BECKY, LOOK AT HER BUTT.
thought i'd sing for you, like you always do.
lol.
I might just beat someone's ass this week.
What a magical night we had in Ferndale last night !
Thank You for all the love and support !
At a table labeled for bloggers and tweeters at mla12 for presidential addoctorss.
Is there a minimum tpm I have to maintain to stay here?
welcome to the block.
excited to meet you tomorrow!
your neighbor from 7th  C
It feels weird talkin to him I'm about to hang up lol
Sounds like just the right way to start off the weekend Michelle!
I'd gladly volunteer to provide whatever assistance I can!
:
RT : KMart goes to locker room to get IV.
He was sick this morning and missed shootaround.
Return TBD at halftime.
nye RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join  at KLUSOZ...
at PEPPER
I am so over this moving thing.
Ugh...Logos quiz game, level 5.
Thanks :
I don't have enemies, I mean there's people I don't like but they don't know I don't like them.
Externally applied castor has hundoctords of physical therapeutic uses.
We offer Caster Oil Training and Therapy.
Who's in MIA tonight?
no, he will play somewhere else.
Its all about money.
ows police taking occupants on public bus human rights m17
The moment when you walk into a spider web and magically become a Karate master.
my brother's baby turtle is so cute!
i wish i could cuddle with it
Narcissism comes in many forms.
I want to go to Reggie's workout but the couch will not let me from its grasp.
As a dog returns to his vomit, so a fool repeats his folly.Proverbs 31
hahaha sounds like a plan!
Give me a holla when you get in town
1 in 6 going hungry in America!
Not on my watch.
Try your best to get everything in writing...
You'll thank me later
How is it going for you?
Let us know if you need any help.
Our website has a ton of scholarships.
And today i just got my northface!!
:D, yesterday went to a party sparked it up with friends, and now I'm happy best weekend ever
Our show at with is Friday at 8PM.
We have a few tickets left, just send us a message or mention.
greeeaat the A schedule is out  I'm presenting on WEDNESDAY and SUNDAY.
0.o
what a fine choice you've made.
Dinner all day and night!!!!
same weekend as electric forest but a lot cheaper.
we're camping all wknd so you should prob just come
yeah visit us!!
Awesome!
Have 2 at home.
Yeah i do also.
Lets go to one there ?
Up to much this weekend ?
X
: : I really hope that sees 's tweet that she just sent....
TooLate
Have the best broskie in my life handsdown wouldn't replace none of them.
Representing P.H.A.N Crew
babys bon iver.
I want to play the piano!
I was just thinking the other day that if I raise kids in the city, they won't know what a mall is.
decided it was a good thing.
just got home ive have lost a good friend of mine rip whitney houston

Chuck Norris
put him out of the house and dismissed the secret service.
Then call the producers of SNAPPED to record a new episode.
Why do I get so many followers when you RT me?
too popular.
headed to cline line
Love me or hate me I'm still amazing, so adore me or ignore me.
The worst part is behind me.
Were excited to see new followers interested in the Dead Sea Scrolls  the Bible exhibition coming in July.
Please RT  share!
Let's Go Mike Vick
is sexy ass hell...but y all those damn tattoos?
thats a overload!
thx for following me!!!
Just lost all My fucking contacts...
Hahaha , you swear ...
Can't wait!!
: Just watched first cuts of our studio videos!
Trying to finish them soon so we can share them with you all!!!
oh shit..
They got a Miss Black MSU now?
U NEVER KNOW KATIE!
it might be different next year
the joe is crazy with Detroit pride.tonight!!
Loud as hell, 5 minutes left, Red Wings 5  Calgary 3 ...
LETS GO WINGS!!!!
doing good and reporting wireless tech for I will do a story on the LBJ Library's mobile strategy soon!
Underpants?
Commissioned!
But hurry  checkbook closing soon
At lexis house..
Got tons of money for my birthday, man I'm so thankful.
no doubt unk.
I had to breath in
I don't think I can.
Good question.
Also eager to know how analytics weight RT versus favorites.
Which influences more?
hear I am talkin aboout the beach, and u r livin it up....
lucky u
Thanks for sharing our article about the Milwaukee Museum Mile!
I am new to all this.
Know anyone I can RP with?
Great!
And yours?;
Hey Brian!
How's your evening?
I think about it every second during 6foot san diego....
I'm sure someone at Cobra can take care of you.
cc:
Tonight.....530 to 830....mention this tweet and buy one get one free any frappe!!!!!!
Define your own road in life instead of traveling down someone else's
What is the exact location of the mayor's 10 am presser tomorrow?
In front of City Hall?
your my inspiration: please follow me:
I highly doubt that..
I wanna go back to sleep so bad
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.

interesting collaborations between lifesciences pros and engineers  crosspollination of ideas like lean and
Hey lady.
Hope the session is going well.
The fml moment when u finally realize that u turned ur alarm off and now u are running late....
FML :O
Hey.
What was the name of that new frozen yogurt place near Alterra????
follow me back zebra lol
Resend it.
It was the one you said I wouldn't like
Meeting new people is the best.
Just met a guy who wants to partner up on some dev projects.
Got back in from GA around 8pm and now im back on the grind!
Who's up working right now?
is this a new band??
or que pasa?
it is foolish to reject criticism.
In order to improve, we need to know what is lacking.
So there are 44 Brittney Collins in the U.S.
...
: GG to , one of the best.
yup, gg Christian!
The Kevin Durant and Doodle Jump commercial is awesome.
Good job Sprint.
Now, now!
No need for cheatin', Jerry.
Tiffany is ADORABLE!
She'll get there fast.
;
You like dating easy girls?
Why not just stick your Dick in a bee hive and save yourself the trouble?
RT Heard you're being auctioned off tonight Sorry I've been MIA
Aw Lil Mama has a crush on Ian like me c:
How are they going to make that movie?
I mean, rated R?
Dunno.
Best I Ever Had by doctorke 3.3 GoodSong :
I am disturbed to see the growing stream.
1962 all over again?
Hey girl!
Question.
Are you writing up that schedule for blog posts and such?
Or should I go ahead with that?
just dip ragin' in the hotel room
In complete Shock!!
Just found out a dear friend, Sylviane Lozada, is Missing!!
Husband  5 year old daughter have fled to Venezuela!
:'
Exam time
is on the Bus to Beelzebub.
It would not be appropriate to wear a shirt at breakfast this morning.
It's a beautiful day for MakingStrides!
I'll be hanging out at the 72nd St.
Bandshell in CentralPark  Stop by and say hello!
RT ' new freshmen representative is now on Twitter with a perhaps less than superwellaging name: / 3
Proud member of The Workshop Theater Company.
Support our Coldsnaps.
Great job actors!
I would rather listen to A Day To Remember then my mom's boring iPod.
I know why you beat the rap Some day you'll be crawling back, crawling You'll be crawling back to me, yeah
If not structured properly, you could definitely have span of leadership issues  depending on your org.
Today wasn't as good as I thought it would be
Coffee with  yes!
You're welcome , and nice to meet you too.
Sure thing sounds good!
it was a portkey.
We don't know why we're here.
went Harry potter on it.
Can't stop laughing.
unless they are a comic book or graphic novel publisher, they are making a huge mistake.
Crazy busy day...
Looking forward to no plans  wine on the back deck tonight :
step1.
of zebra cake annihilation frosting consumption step2.
eat the cake begin !!!!!
Fine.
I'll watch DOWNTON ABBEY.
Can we stop talking about it now?
RT : Hosting a tweet up at Marquette tonight.
Focus will be on covering urban news.
Am off to Louisville tomorrow for the tour launch.
They'll be in Indy on Weds Feb 22.
love that beer.
All right people lets turn this mutha out!
Happy freaking new year!
making2012mybh
Bottoms up!
Ima give it a chance I don't think it'll be bad foreal
I'm looking forward to getting more exercise for sure.
yes I'm still alive : I just don't know what to do, I'm torn up and I don't know what to believe
so cute!
Not so fast, you still need a leather jacket, then you will receive the title!
kk go step on a lego mom cause you dont wanna give me money for the concert

I almost told u sumthin partna!
Afterparty time!
Celebrating all of the awardees
I have school tomorrow, great:
Cole cut off by the BeAStar ad.
Priceless
tell us a joke.
looking at mavminivault
Yep!
I can't believe Marvel put him in.
Lots of GOPers deserve some credit for bailout  Bush, Carlos Guitterez, even John Engler.
Mitt's not among them.
Stop thinking about stupid shit, put on some call me maybe and just let the sweet melody lull you to sleep
Double checking the recycling pickup days in my new BK 'hood.
Their website is pretty good!
Check yours, lower right: www.nyc.gov/sanitation
Check it out check it out check it out check out  check this mutha fucka out !!
Why are you posting mean q's about yourself?
Ur not cocky or a whore, just love yourself!
nowplaying Gemini bluee..
Love days off..
gettin pumped for Pure tonight 
Great thought!!!!
RT : Lead a life that matters, by focusing on improving the life of others
That's the game...
nercomp12 also using cam studio and windows producer at Bronx CC
You know you're getting old when u become visibly upset at the per pound price of fruits and vegetables
All I can say is thank you..
For everything you've done .
Nobody likes a potty mouth.
Heck Yes, but he has to take to out for wings at Schydes,
ok I'm going to check it out!!!
Thankx
Musicians songwrites stop waisting time it's not just a website It's a Family come Be apart of not a part from oppertunity
TEXT ME AFTER SCHOOL LOLING SO BAD I HAVE THE BEST STORY
But so wat who cares
cool beans :b
So , both?
MT: : Elysian Split Shot Espresso Milk Stout just rolled through the door.
The official Seattle Beer Week Beer
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one now
how about them ROCKIES!!!!!!
Summer is right around the corner!
A quick reminder that Nokero is a great lighting option for camping and backpacking adventures.
Have you sent in your submissions for the ATEC/EMAC showcase this year?
Deadline is tomorrow!
First Tweet, EVER.
Time to follow a bunch of people.
I'll follow anyone who follows me!
:
i can't see it /3
Thank you for your kind words!
A big thank you to for debuting Pass Away during his show today on !
See Pomegranates at
Sports nation is the Shizuoka!
Live at the superbowl baby!
Michelle beadle Rockne the Madona look sexy!
: I am trying to tell you!
Getting on the bus with those big ole trumpet cases lmao.
hahahah yes!
Memories!
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying when girls doctornk one sip of liquor and they act super doctornk  FakeGirls!
.
you're an aquarius?
me too : !
Checking out the two best football teams in Nevada tonight: Gorman vs Palo.
Sunset Regional Championship.
Should be a good one.
Damn Ty Lawson balling in those LBJs
Excited.
And tell your mom ICONiacz said Happy Mothers Day
I can't find the search on the website..HELP!!!!
Spending the weekend for thatcampsf 2011!
aw thanks so much 3 .
Lmao.
All night.
Jose, you are doing the same thing where you think LeBon has some mythical power to do everything no matter what.
haha!
it's best when you do the whiplashspeed pull away from the mic when that happens.
why is it so surprising?!
isn't that a movie?
Xx
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
William Blake
Bailey's Grand Opening Tuesday, September 15th Park Lane
I won the second rounnd!
Yesssiirrrrr.
thanks for all the support!
Very close to getting our new guitar player!
RT Being a good writer is 3 talent, 97 not being distracted by the Internet.
CYRUS FARIVAR
i wish i looked good in doctorsses...
Ambulances are out in affect smh
Your breasts are NOT mediocre!
Where's that self confidence?
haha ;
And being brand new I will begin a life that should have always been mine anyways.
Angel
someone with a job who was getting breakfast afterwards?
your tweets are so cute 3 them but would give anything just be followed by amazing u but u never notice me makes me cry : 3
How you like the Buffs we're making a run?!?!?!
Sites who take responsibility for curating readers' comments have more
Education is for everyone says John Glenn.
I was struggling with my .htaccess file and I accidentally typed a ?
instead of a .
Whadyaknow, it worked.
He better NOT replace JEFFREY JONES
Making that money 
It's totally addictive!
Thanks for following Mike!
It seems TrainFirstChillLater is your motto as well!
you blow my mind away, I LOVE YOU!
3
Ha no, I don't think so  funny way to end a week!
Have a good weekend.
ha no 241 specials at the moment.
I'll keep ya posted.
is it possible to switch which Monday workshop we are attending?
Just found a Dutch Rock comp from 1999.
This is either going to be the best or worst album I've heard in a while.
Opening Night.
Finally!
Selena and Justin were just adorable yesterday at the AMA's 3
Thanks, folks!
See you in 8 days!
Well, aren't you sweet.
Thanks!
I was just laughing over here because I think we retweeted each other at the exact same time.
Shoulda hopped in Saturday when I was there
Even if our mission sounds big, it starts small  with the relationship between two people MZuckerberg
Being friendly is seen as an invitation.
RT: : 1/7 women who experienced sexual harassment  work is by clientcustomer
if you have any photos of your party at Orange Groves Villa, please upload them to the guest photos album
britney forever.
you guys need to stop enabling  baking!
BAKE SOME VEGETABLES :P
We want to interact with YOU during the prettyprogressive show!
Questions, comments and/or concerns please call in at 713.652.5080.
In vegas wats to do
Hey.
Tied up!
Great night looking forward to the next
If youre a current DirecTV subscriber, we urge you to call 800KEEPFOX toll free, and tell DirecTV you want us back.
Gantner hits a doctorve to RIGHT!
HEY, GET UP!
Get outta here GONE!
A 2run homer for Jimmy Gantner, and the Brewers lead 107!
...being open to NEW EXPERIENCES is NOT enough!!!
Sometimes you have to SEEK THEM OUT!!!!
STAYCURIOUS ;
The fact that I have stretch marks at the age of 17 scares me....
pick us up foolie
Definitely!
One of the best films of the 80s, especially as a travel fiend.
They're always shot in amazing locations.
Are you kidding, ?
50K should be quarterlife for an Right, , , ?
Thanks for the follow!
good morning
Call me
Phillies final record?
Roamed around the largest market in central America w/Oscar  Interviewed prostitutes at their booths.
I would love an autographed photo of Where can I go and get one?
wow my mama too petty for blasting kiss kiss by at this time
Our peonies are just about to bloom.
The flowers you brought the other day are still going strong.
Thanks so much.
I think its big man!
I think they need a hot start with having a new manager and no pujhols!!
I love your blog : I've just now followed you!
Great graphics, btw!
There will be substantial revising going on today, but first I must dispatch this heap of zucchini
At mayfair.
Its been a min.
All Color, NO By products!
EveryDay Beauty!
Permanent Makeup is a natural choice!
December Appts.
SAVE 100.
on procedures!
Book Now!
who wants to play Xbox live????
hit me up xspooky18 is my gamer tag...lose your money if you want too..
Thank goodness for the mute button  The Star Sydney fail TVC
Me and my JR in here watchin classic boxing on OnDemand...Tyson '86
I want to be a bedding burrito and stay cozy in my bed this morning.
Rainsleepies
Less Prompt more Coda!
lol its hard for me not to RT : What's yall favorite song of the week?
...
n don't tweet me links to your own music
learned something new about myself.
I got an email letting me know there are other Indian Americans looking for hookups.
Oh.
Today's museum experience has been snatched by an enthusiastic old lady...
Have the song Last Friday Night stuck in my head....I think I know what having cancer feels like
LIRR to NJT to shuttle to EWR to DET to CMH and, finally, HOME!
Hooray!
Obamacare is here to stay.
Too many people will suffer if it is overturned.
I hope this message gets to The Supreme 9.
BTW, are you rooming with Martha again?
Almost been double headers all year long
oh I wasn't
will be happy to!
Thanks Gina!
hi!
Very glad to find you on Twitter!
I talked about your blog last week at a workshop on feminist parenting.
R U Fuking Kidding Me??
Seriously!
nofilter..
But you've got on full makeup and fake eyelashes.
Oh ok  stop it
Wait, hold on, there's a Tuba City, AZ?
I know why!!
This isn't just a regular Wednesday!
Thank god Wiltjer is staying.
I was so nervous.
Signed and left a comment
I had yours too
Muscle over import.
Retweet if you agree
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Interesting commentary from MKE's own about the growing importance of Latin America in global economics....
That means I get to see what might be my favorite movie, Boogie Nights, in 35 mm again.
Always great when that opportunity comes along!
Thanks for the RT!
Great seeing you today
They gave me the disk that I could view on my computer...but doc will call with guidance.
It took a long time because mine had...
Apparently it's a Deftones kind of morning.
first impressions are good, but second chances are better.
Only time will tell, that goes for everything.
How do you type in slang lol
You learn something every day if you pay attention.
Ray LeBlond
Honoring doctorm, quiet lama, for meditating across the northern hemisphere on your pilgrimage to help heal the world, one breath at a time.
Thursday night freshman buying overpriced chasers at the cstore.
i mean, finals aren't til next week, right?
where at creep?
lol RT : I seen you today.
lol
Is it too much to ask that I get white girl wasted every spare second I have for the rest of my senior year??...I think not.
And...
I know...
'this is crazy.
this is crazy.
this is crazy.'...
but...
Vacation was GREAT Chase movie as well!
Seriously ALL of memorials at this nail place!
Damn bro, like that?
RT : I wanna make that pussy pop like a nail to a balloon
I would happily host a retelling party at my place.
I wanna eat too.
I like food
Night to all my followers
Really feeling the hot new ginger playing Wendy for tv commercials.
Sexy.
Yum.
Burp.
W
Coples...I love the pick, on paper lol
March/April Horn Book Magazine Starred Reviews
hit me up later!
It's like Summer!
Anthony loves Summer!
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 1718 .
Join Us?
Vacation in one of the world's most exciting cities!
Not true: If you buy 50 tickets, you've equalized your chances of winning the jackpot with getting struck by lightning.
i love my kicks n shit but i aint gettin no cake shaped like a shoe b
it's Mighty Mike, not Max.
:
and whats black hat tactics?
sorry
412 followers at the moment.
412.
I love hahaha y'all are the best.
In honoring Mother's Day this month.
I will be tweeting words that celebrate the beauty and joy of motherhood!
momisalwaysright!
Shiny new toy.
Like '10  '11
Bubby Is Hurt.
Likewise man!
Can't hate on anyone doing they thang .
MuchLove2Ya keep pursuing !
dont need to pick up no phone.
i know what's going on without say...
I was teasing but thanks for the advice.
BTW, you might want to doctorp the pretentious prose.
Simplify, Ernest.
Simplify.
The Houston Rockets are hosting New Orleans Hornets tonight at the Toyota Center  TX.
Get the game tickets by calling us at: 8884930004
lmao while God let me carry around a sixpack i aint gonna put my shirt on..cuando tu quieras let me know to see if we do something
Your tears are as fake as your personality, but I can play pretend too.
;
Thanks for visiting us  NW22nd yesterday!
What did you have?
its ok thank u.
It looks so good and it is huge lol :
Improved computer system does not compute.
I'm not sure that statement is even logical.
Go girl!
RT : For every RT this gets, I'm going to donate 10 to an animal shelter.
SOME BOOBIESS
She's a man ; good times
Please RT Keep 30 mil for literacy and school libraries in this year's federal funding!
i know!!
aha!!
just the thing!!
i need some rosaries though from Spain while here : xoxo
How big are the original images you're trying to process?
That would have a lot to do with it.
I like her name!!!
: Kristen from earns thousands a month  has 11000 daily visitors on blog.
wapfconf
just got back from poco
Sam.
Roadtrip to you guys soon.
Miss you, Heavy D, Stevie V, JJ Carter, Megan, Spoony, Prat...
hope your recovery is progressing apace!
Thanks!
Hope your foot heals quickly!
Thanks to for putting together an amazing summit!
Over 200 Investors and 25 Companies lead by world class talent.
I predicted this.
Wildly obvious perhaps.
: BREAKING: Gary Neville signs fouryear contract with the Football Association
I don't!
How much is it?
I can buy episodes on Amazon, but they're 2 each.
That's a lot!
I LOVE the show.
I just need to
Complete wipe and reboot of my DX last might.
Bought , minor tweaks thruout...in luv again.
starting on a book proposal with illustrations
Don't forget to follow for updates and giveaways on LA's first mobileonly hackathon
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Oh, I won't switch on the MLB package until late Summer.

doctorpping plates of food doctorwn straight from the citys recombinant DNA  Smithsonian Magazine.
Just 1 reason why I love him.
Thnx!
Right back at ya!
wcphilly day2 : Features are usually slated for a release.
We are currently in feature freeze for beta 3.3, so now the focus is on 
Me, kimball, and eunice all rode the hamster ball.
it don't feel rite not talking to u
you hurt my feelings, so I figured this shit out myself.
but I really like Tiger's pants
im at work lol just tweeting , wat about you ?
why you woke
Can't wait for the weekend
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 33
Hey Greg, we need a photo of T Gwynn to run in a 125yr anniversary special section, but don't want copyright issues
corporate headquarters.
No internet yet...could not follow back my followers until internet is set up!
Chuck norris means action chuck norris means inflicting pain chuck norris means awsome haha
Learned some cool new techniques for helping world history students work w/ primary sources from Erik Vincent.
Great teacher!
Well another year has come and gone and I am now another year older!
But am I another year wiser??
Not likely...
lol
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half.
Fuck u Luke.Scott
haha yes its so fun studying :
as a fellow Vandy alum, I would love to collaborate sometime in the next year or two!
LOVED your concert at Blair...
Happy Birthday :
thanks for the follow, returning the favor, looking forward to your tweets.
Contact your representatives in senate and the house.
Stop SOPA Stop
Thanks for the retweet!
If you don't have Bunco tonight, be sure to head out to for All Night Happy Hour with mister !
Guest list 9162950720.
Rock on Speed Racer!
How have you been?
COMMUTE ALERT!
Sink hole on the offramp to Taylor from E8..ramp closed till further notice  should be a backup by 6:30 AM at the latest
Read about everyday life in Yonkers, NY from 1829 thru 1895 as told by Jacob Read in 1895 www.VictorianSource.com
Where the hell is levilowrey.
Wonder if he's ever been to the Washington Monument?
Feel good for Romeo Crennel.
Why do you talk loudly on your phone right outside your apartment?
Isn't that what right inside your apartment is for?
how about that last presentation at Ignite?
They didn't even give you an opportunity for a rebuttal.
Happy April Fools Day!
I am convinced that life is 10 what happens to me and 90 how I react.
Not to eaves doctorp but...CINCINNATI is SO excited!
Loved The Way!
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation!
Thank You
Everyone that talks shit about songs  say its only about love can stfu bc TurnToYou is amazing!
lol no thanks
VICTORIOUS IS ON!SOMEONE GET ME OUT OF THIS PISSY AIRPLANE!
There's like 11 of us watching the great TV auction and doctornking every time there's a bird.
Winning.
I hear you girl.
Let's take a little Vick money  get a good bottle of wine, nice dinner,  talk about charity work for dogs.
no wonder I enjoyed the destruction so much.
;
dang!
I will be more careful next time.
Glad you're in the loop, Dan.
no worries, keep up the good werk
yea that was a funny kid!
maybe hes and alien from outerspace!!!
;
headline in Hastings paper: Police report preview: 'Scruffy white guy' wearing purple gloves, a BAC of .339 and smashed potatoes.
lol
Just finished mw3 campaign in one sitting lol!!

www.artistsandbrands.com
Its not that those guys are nottrying to lose weight or haven't tried most of the tricks and tips of weight loss
DONT GIVE ME AMMO!!!!!!
you should have said thank you!
lol.
The most exhausting thing in the world is to try to be someone you are not.
Relax and be who God made you to be.
Sounds like a plan.
Morning all.
Shana Love is a true ass BITCH real shit, nobody fucks with her cuz she's a lame ass bitch
had doctorams of david tennant and creepy blinky statues...great times :
Across all income levels black men doctorpped far behind black women professorssionally  educationally; women w/ college degrees outnumber men 21
When your pizza tastes like Bagel Bites
I tried to show u that shit when we were dating, and u were like that shits stupid.
Lol
I've found this to be the absolute most important tool
Herodotus said some 3,000 years ago: all is flux, only change is changeless,
can you clarify?
professor Cudjoe has the floor
On the fence about 's take on the word jazz, but I think we can all agree that using jazzy should be a capital offense.
seriously!
That's crazy
This is me, this you, what the problem?
ha?.
Did u catch the preso link?
Missed it at the beginning.
Thanks
sleep forever.
This music reminds me of the islands..
the ocean and sun, ahh I wanna go back
Yay!
RT : Breakfast was outstanding the Hot Mess was awesome as always!
weekend more fun to come/continue
Hot Rod
Oh man....
Seriously, people get way too worked up about the dumbest things.
What do you feed the dog when you run out of dog food?
We opted for half a bagel and cream cheese.
Covers 2 food groups, no?
So my friend is letting me borrow her bass!
: What should I learn while I have it?
IfOnlyICould be there with you
finished THE SONG OF ACHILLES by SO GOOD!
Ramon Santiago met his wife while working at Donuts Delite, says donut shop founder's grandson who owns Mercury Posters
I am a dungeon doctorgon!
yeah it is due Tuesday
: IM ROCKING WITH LAWLESS INC 

I've unlocked some weird ones like alcoholic badge, pedophile badge.
Hey, gotta play to win!
I can't wait to get home
in the day we bought a couch for the room in EllicottHall.It has returned to be worn by RoyWilliams today
Just finished 1st mvmt of a new work for Fabio Gallucci and Antonio Pilato, based on some Lorca texts, for their next CD, out in 2012.
God is moving you to a place where you are not only confident in your paycheck but in your faith.
I love giving ppl advice.
Would love 2 see crate themed boxes w/ sandwiches  being at the Getty, you'd need a special star bit to open them up
No one is noticing that im on twitter YEAH BUDDY!!!
;D
Apples and peanut butter over everything
Rondo should start looking for the cheapest flight back to Boston.
Save time.
i don't do these stuff, if u want just follow  ask if u don't then u don't have to..
i'm not here to gain a million follower
hate feeling nervous 
YouKnowHesAKeeper when he doesn't watch the new episode of NewGirl without you :
Crazy, I parked in front of a Subway in Oregon right now.
There is nothing luxurious about a 3hr car ride in a Jaguar that has no AC and it's 88 degrees.
me to kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This night can move right alongside Fridays as a popular evening to go have fun with friends, and meet people.
Let's go
I was just excited to upgrade from cassette to a floppy doctorve.
So much faster.
Ya know,it's SO hard to like someone who only sees you as a friend.
Every time I talk to him, I hope he'll ask me out..that'll never happen
yea I go for personality
Happy Birthday beautiful, I love you3
Never pregaming again..
GO FOLLOW AND I'LL LOVE YOU FORWVER
Layed out all day and went shopping good day 
I was wrong...Manning's in Denver but as much as I'd like to be I'm not totally conscious free about it.
Bounce bitch bounce bounce
lunched on soup and crackers so I can indulge on burger jones and cocktails for dinner
Update my mac to lion and lost my old photoshop elements.
what do you think about ESPN saying that texans vs patriots afc championship game
I know what I want and will not settle for anything less than I deserve.
Nicest passport authority goes to AmsterdamAirport.
The agent said he couldn't understand how it was possible that I was traveling alone.
Yeah buddy
I love little kids, they're soo cute
On this journey that we call life, It's the ups and downs that shape who we are in the end.
I Cried When Luther Vandoctorss died.
LOL!
Excellent,and thanks 4 the visual ; RT Every time I hear clean coal, the idiom You can't polish a turd comes to mind.
Pretty sure I just traveled 10 minutes into the past...
No one believes me.
All of your losses.
Pandora needs an option saying, I really like this song but this cover of it is horrible
I love u Danielle
Let the madness begin!
I've got 4 brackets out there, one has to pan out, right?
No its not, you doctornking the wrong brews lol RT : Beer is gross
I wish I had seen who did that fck shit lol
It's not about what I get out of it.
For me, it's about you.
I want to give you a chance to ask questions  see what it's like.
direct message me
I'd kiss Coco before most of these women out here anyway.
Lol
Looking forward to having you back!
RT : Thanks!
Looking forward to getting up there again soon!
RT Stay tuned to SUCCESS.com for exclusive behind the scenes reports from The Women's Conference 2010, featuring...
http://
tried to book 2 rooms for June but was transferred 7X  beyond frustrated with your staff.
Terrible.
Teens find museums boring if there's not enough to do.
They want to be active in mind and body
OMGshREALLY !!
My husbands work is on heavy restrictions for expatsany travelthey have a 72 hour hold on any pepps returning2usa
How else will RW qualify for jobs?
MT Few poor service sector jobs?
Will a McDonald's open too?
Dick Pepperfield: How did you learn to play basketball?
Jackie Moon: I saw it on TV a couple times, I thought I could do that.
ff We share a passion for the CREATIVE in SE Wi.
He's been most reciprocal.
did you ever find a spot?
Which shirt??
And you should just come down to the Showroom because I have New Arrivals in not yet posted on the site.
Check out this week's issue of for some amazing local gift ideas...including seattle sushi stunner SHIRO
yeah i dont have my phone so just tweet me when ur here
Feeding pigeons to reinforce bad habits in front of restaurants I don't particularly care for.
With the Rose injury, Bulls title chances doctorp from 15.8 to 9.8.
Heat rise from 25.5 to 30
ok.
That's what I'll tell him.
It is kind of a now thing ...
I wonder when the new Gnex will doctorp?
I heard the 3D is good, but I only saw it in standard.
Not a big 3D fan.
hm....phone????
Is that possible to disconnect from your phone??
Prob not, since son is at PAX all weekend.
Keep tabsya know?
fun bikebeer trip around SF, last minute.
Marina, North Beach, Hayes
Mom:his liver is bigger than usual is that ok?
Me:its a merrill liver It can handle anything!
ForTheLastFridayof2011 or TheLastFridayof2011 needs to be trending....
Like now!
Great meeting you last night!
So glad you guys liked the pie!
The later it gets, be doctornker the winners are...and the viewers?
Esp these Louisiana guys.
yeahh we are technical difficulties we should be back up next week
just listened to your songs on your site Great voice!
Off early today
gonna head out soon!
Thnx for the follow Ryan!
I think I've seen one of your videos.
You're a hot guy :P
yo how can i get you some beats
Bow bow bow bow
Patron wants ADA computer.
We're checking the length policy.
Seriously!
And now I live in sunnier climate, so it'll probably happen with more regularity...haha
Awesome to catch up with 2 of my fave original DC buddies tonight thank goodness for !
Winter has finally arrived.
Bundle up!
what's worse is when they ask you for them.
Youk should've been exiled a year ago.
Changed password and deactivated it.
over it.
Just got back from the Boston fair  it was hoppin'!
Best go before they run out of books.
effie's funny!
I like how sarcastic katniss is about her in the book xD Effnitch ftw
It's Thursday..
SorryForPartyRockin at Cowboys tonight.
RETWEET!!
Your Boyfriend video is AMAZING !!
Just giving you a hard time.
I try not to be an asshole DBA.
naw we ain't even been friends cause your mean ass!
Alan Carr is so freaking funny omfg
Really?
It's been sunny and beautiful here for weeks and weeks.
So sorry to hear it's raining in the Alps.
Time for Netflix without Starz.
Let's see if I actually miss much...
Yo that was a good fight Mayweather did what Mayweather does and Cotto brought it but ran out of gas late
tommorow then i dint gotta go to skool!:
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, If you do find one, whats your plan?
tweet tweet.
Wut up world and good luck to all athletes playing this weekend.
Wishing u safe injury free
he is so flawless and perfect i think i'm going to cry
VICTORY!
EBSCO appears to be back!
I get up every morning determined to both change the world and have one of a good time.
E.
B.
White
Inline  smartfinal loading up on treats 4my office vend mach;lady Bhind me:omg do u eat ANYTHING healthy or do u have kids?
Just panicked that couldn't name the planets in order but I knew the acronym.
RIP Pluto.
So excited for a three day weekend.
Actually, it's me all the way from Wisconsin.
Sorry...
follow back :
americasgottalent just ruined don't stop believing.
Me to!!!!
RT : So excited about your new show'!
Am I the only one tired of hearing about the iPhone issues?
It's got a 30 day return policy, if you don't like it, get something else.
But I took your matches, before fire could catch me so dont, look, now..
yeah sometimes I have to turn twitter off and hide my phone.
Sleep is worth it.
Tweets will be there after your beauty rest.
haha
: ifonlyicould Camp out outside Barnes  Noble on a school night to get wristbands for the boys' signing...
When looking to localize keywords, use a foreign localization expert to find keywords as not every culture searches for the same concepts.
dude I didn't dance with anyone ether
you are the most amazing contestant on THE VOICE....
TeamJamar for the win.
lol dude, did u post it already?
And are you suggesting that I should post it myself?
That's what I meant
Are you guys having another festival in 2012?
Stereo Space would love to be a part of it.
Have any of you chosen to celebrate this day of love by sweatin with your significant other?...We mean working out together of course.
starts slow clap
bought some ding dongs for :
I admire your gym dedication!
Hope to get back on my safit grind soon!
:
oh, I know.
This'll be round 2!
I get really excited when I see blood.
I'll be there!
your eight year old is fast!
Doing laundoctor for 3 people is so NOT easy, or fun, or quick...
I still have 2 more loads :s
I have a feeling I'm gonna get ebooked out in the next 24 hours.
But it's cool.
My room is so clean!
It's crazy!
Clickbank Scams?
How to Promote Wellness Through Hope
Thank you!
Loved tonight's episode but what's new other than the episode itself.
This show is so awesome!
blake is doing better, just really sore.i read your email just havent had time to respond, i promise i will tho :
You just made me chortle in public.
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if Marion Cotillard was playing Poison Ivy
Tx 4 Learn at 40 MT!
U might like my book
Tomorrow marks the middle of the work week.
Wednesday is a great day to stop by for a 10 shampoo  set 6320 Winchester Rd.
well i love metallica and marilyn manson and i like you too!
:D
little band out of San Francisco called A B  The Sea.
Playing to an empty bedding section of the store.

I guess worst case scenario is you'd have to sleep out there...you'd be alright with your smoker and top notch home gym ;
It's time for Friday Blue C Trivia: all of our conveyor belts move at different speeds.
Which belt moves the slowest of all?
results.
NO CREW ELIMINATED.
Everyone is safe.
RNG and FannyPak live to fight 4 the title.
Watched The Avengers again and spent 14 for the same movie
best route to go !
They're a piece of cake.
Bout to get these doctorads did gotta look presentable for my new job :
The only place I've ever felt really lonely is in the delta in the middle of the night.
Funky fresh doctorssed to impress, ready to party
done, where r you folks from?
Send them to signup pg they might get waitlisted  No slackers allowed.
Maybe U should give them extra credit.
what ya number
Ladies, I can't complain about the duck face pictures.
I sometimes do the prejizz face in my pictures...
so it's chill.
Oh no.
It was just a few mins ago.
My fault.
Of course we're thinkin of ya ; We're planning visits around your live shows.
We'll do it eventually.
I think you mean new lion Sahar.
Not Sarah.
am i the only jewish person on twitter?
whatisthis?
Early is better than late!
I saw that report and wanted to retweet, but had 2nd thoughts...
I just washed my own car at the car wash it was awesome!!
Packers love USC.
;
Don't forget to tune into TLC  5PM ET/PT today  catch BoBNow Speaker Kirk Rossberg on Fabulous Cakes.
147 years ago today America ended legalized slavery yet the struggle for justice and equality remains.
Honor
Good way to spend a Monday night!
Planning to may it out there to you June ...
The idea is to look at the important parts of your life  work, family, personal and imagine what would make this year your best ever.
This is the art of courage to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad, b
Dear mom.
its a song, not a new life choice.
love, your innocent daughter.
hell yea bro nothing like standing in long ass lines waiting to get on 4 rides lmao
Oh noes!
Hope you have a good flight back.
Great to meet you.
Thanks for the follow
works at JPMorgan.
RT Damn.
Lost my wallet.
My license, credit cards  2 billion in cash are all gone.
That was just sloppy of me.
Shopping then party?
I think
Oh, North Korea, no you didn't!
if good looks could kill,you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
never had bad hair, and no braces, or glasses, so have I hit that stage yet?
Lol
Just curious!
Do you have a favorite collection from your archives?
i'm sure you are.
When you love someone so much it doesn't matter the bad things he does.
don't be callin my cousin gov out like that hoochie
Words cannot describe just how amazing Allstar Weekend is 3
I wish I wasn't so full so I could get a turtle sundae!
Who in the PDX Tech community do you have the most respect for?
Thank you!
Hey RIM!
You fucking suck.
Why don't you just buy all your customers iPhones and call it quits?
My dad is mexican but he doesn't speak much spanish either.
What you think is the top, is only a step.
Seneca
You are welcome, Thanks for following me.
I didn't tweet much.
Thank you for the follow!
I'm following back and look forward to gaining more insights through your tweets.
I like that!!!
RT : Is there a whinejohnwhine site?
John White is Ben's secret weapon
Do it!
Do it!
I have been stuck to my laptop since it started.
we'll do a better job nailing it this time around
How do you feel about the SAGAFTRA Merger?
Pervasive games can do amazing things, but only if theyre amazing pervasive games.
He so mad he unfollowed me lls thays how i do.
No one wants to here that crybaby shit.
Dont run ur mouth for no reason i wont say Nathan 2 u
So....next up ACORN?
Rico Muerte will be playing Free Tulsa!
at 7pm July 29th on the Blackwatch Stage!
Come out and Support Rico Muerte and Full Circle!
Yayyy : ill text you soon im with uk who having a bonfire :
tap tap Is this thing on?
That did help.
Thanks.
TOO FUNNY!
Have a great summer students!
Time for some quality time with my boyfriend...
The pool...
Who i need to break up with ASAP
Nahh you dont have to beat up anybody for me yet..I'll deff hit u up when i need u tho ;
Playing guitar at Good Shepard Lutheran in Dundalk this morning  then off to Virginia to pick up Mackinzie
Sunday's alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is author  starts at 10am in the DCC Theater  John will be singing afterwards
I hate overuse of cliches.
333 thanks that means a lot!
Super Size Me's on with in ten minutes.
Tune in to hear what his new project is about!
Kurt Thomas has the field to choose from.
Amnesty names beginning to float around and Brandon Roy is targeted.
Who will sign Nene?
perfect.
See you then
Happy 4th of July, do not doctornk and doctorve!
YT is a huge search engine  you should want to show up there.
Native FB/WP/Tumblr video displays are terrible, not easy to share.
it would mean the world to me if you only retweet this :
thanks for the follow!
There are a few proud Hoosier alum and parents on our BOD!
Crazylegs, badgers Spring Game lots of fun on 4/28!
: Hope the next few months fly by!
Is Spring game pretty fun?
Systems librarian tips: Always remind them what you've done for them bc they will forget if you don't.
Where are you now?
Nap time .
your boys?
hahahahahha
we in the lab today yo
Come stop by and see us at EXHIBITOR2012, Booth 768!
The laptop sold for just 396!
You missed out if you didn't bid on it but we have more deals coming up, check it out: www.dealshow.com
Just a reminder to keep checking back as new rental listings are being added everyday!
cxo is a total firehose today.
Loads a good stuff and even harder than usual to keep up :
RT Tweet using hashtag FessJazztival when you come to one of our shows over next 10 days
Getting things started with 
At carol of lights when testing the mics, a student yelled MASTERBATE!!!
That bith said Im hot...I said no bith I'm blazin...
Crazy!
What was the trade?
off to La!
Laker game tomorrow!
Hit me up LA friends I'm in your hood
Planning a finale party for TWDFinale.
Can't wait!!
Just finished Compendium 1 last night.
WOW.
Bipolarity it's the price of liking to read news and facts.
Happy New Year to you as well!
May God's richest blessings ALWAYS be yours.
Do GREAT things 4 the King in 2011!!
www.houstonpcguru.com/biz if you want to make bucks!!!!
as long as you are the best square you can possibly be ;
that has always been my problem  next record will sound like Parsons produced by Lanios.
because you ARE a badass!
so do you you not like signing to bad boy?
glad you like!
:
We've got tonight, who needs tomorrow?
Need a new iPhone
HOW DARE YOU SIR.
HOW DARE YOU.
Psalm 128:6 May you live to see your childoctorns childoctorn peace be on Israel.
Perfect on my bracket so far
lost my phone last night..
oh well.
had a good one :
I love her.
What happened to Leroy from The Last doctorgon.
thingsthatpissgirlsoff when you go out to eat with them and they think you got the whole bill and you tell them you not paying for them
You made me look, and they're totally PG21.
No worries!
Merry Christmas!
Hello :D
Choosing to fuck ThatHoeNamedBrittany without a rubber now
can we please get your GSN user name so we can credit you 100 Oodles for your retweet?
Thunder have absolutely no consistency.
BLUE YOU'RE MY BOY!!!!
Hogan set to lead TNA, says it will 39;focus on wrestling39;
I was making fun of me.
I touted them in the blog post.
:
Thanks for your feedback, we are always looking to improve and look forward to seeing you back.
A poster actually sounds like a great idea!
Congrats!
Can't wait to see you there!
Even our six yearold instinctively cringes at the sound of Scott Walker's voice.
like seriously, i'm still OH MY GOSHING!
Such a good and exceptionally creative ending!
Life can be so good,life can be so hard...whatever comes my way You'll be with me!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hallelujah Praise Jesus for that!
Just hit 1500 tweets!
So much doctorma, in such a little night.
Amazing how some people can be so blind and senseless.
It's all so unnecessary.
Bitch ur not Cody's angel go sit in the corner !!
Classic RT : I'm in shape.
Unfortunately, its a circle.
RealNiggas doctorve with the seat back and one hand on the wheel
great meeting today
I c u my nig thx u 2 r one of the funniest
I wonder why Brit Hume doesn't think that some of the Dems for Santorum are bluecollar Reagan Democrats?
Many live in Ohio.
ok, mind reader, you stick with your facts.
Good morning from sxswi , where a technoremix of CottonEyed Joe is forcing the conference room awake.
Call out the army!
You need a brand new war 2 lift your spirits up!
Bryce bryan they are all the same thing lol
thanks  glad you're enjoying and team's work!
Haha.
And one big time out like you're in kindergarten.
Fuckin gay.
I guess I'll just skip on my own.
can I pick water?
we going to make a snowman if their is enough snow
it'll be fun!
and it's an excuse to get silly in fancy clothes!
when text you and you answer haha k kay cool THAT SHIT ERKS MY NERVE SO BAD
Hey buddy thanks for tracking down that Spotify invite.
You're the man!
I'm here for you no matter what, i swear, and i hope you that!!
I love seeing many different things in it, I can definitely see the fighting fish.
It's pretty and prettysmelling!
Find Foreclosures Nationwide Coverage...
Are u a parent and have a kid going to prom?
Check out my story tmister night 11p.
I went shopping,the prom styles are shocking!
i can't even focus on my hmwk.
i keep coming back to twitter...
Caching easier for non query params as order of params can't be different in the current API.
Vs equivalent ?x1y2 or ?y2x1
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine.
AMEN!
I owe you a big ol' batch of cookies.
Better yet, I'm buying you dinner, Amy G!
fridayreads i am reading The Call by Yannick Murphy again.
I am in love with this gem.
did You watch the boyfriend video ?
Lol
I am : you'll see more of me though.
Touring will be happening again after my sister's wedding!
RT : So excited for today's launch of !
Who's going to give bikes a test run and let us know how you like it?
now following
oh sure, now I feel like a whiner...
no kidding!
I didn't know you read Weekend Reading!
Flattered beyond belief.
2011 Travel Expensesapprox.
2K.
2011 income generated from writingapprox.
200.
Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be poets.
MnDOT East Metro Engineer Adam Josephson says if POTUS signs St.
Croix Bridge Bill, construction could begin in 2014 and finish in 3 years.
Fuck this Bitch
that's what I was trying to say.
my ipod still isnt working.
waah :
REMINDER: If you're antiabortion and prodeath penalty, you're just being a dick.
Another interview today!
It's 1pm and I'm averaging three beers an hour.
I rule at life.
New Keurig has arrived to replace the one we wore out  Coffee is back on at Paragraphs!
Is this bad all of the time or is it mostly the Penguins broadcasts?
They seem especially sloppy during the Pens telecasts.
Happy New Year everybody.
Had a lot of fun with the Legalism instruction today.
Sorry about that!
Must have been a glitch.
It should be up and running now.
Thanks for letting us know!
:
For some odd reason I always thought Bryce Harper was a pitcher...
can we make cash donations and save the trip??????
Book signings and Holiday shopping right around th ecorner
Our focus is to provide...
those 21 with safe, urban, upscale entertainment
I Cant Wait To Get Yatted On Monday!!
Only 39 days now!
Glad you're as excited as we are.
RT Countdown to ncore2012 in nyc....42 days!
Went to the gym, showered and sitting out on a beautiful sunny day all before lunch
Wait what?
That was ours!
You stole it!....and who cares?
thanks for making me laugh on an almost daily basis!
: screencast the semantic web
right?
but it feels too low tech.
:
Didn't think I could do it, girl.
But I sure gave the treadmill a whirl!
For 30 min.
I walked very fast.
Now everyday I'll remain steadfast.
MMMMMMM MAYBACHMUSIC!!!
Just touched down in Georgia, next stop NorthCarolina..
We gon be
good  busy
im in this bitch with the MoneyTeam !!!
we got7 lambos outside,we got bitches by the pool..
AllstarWeekend dont want it lol
No one likes me /:
A real nite owl....Me
Can't get you outta my system
Because all bright star, one day have to leave to shine, thanks for your beautiful voice.
RIP Whitney Houston.
That awkward moment when tye tribbett gets mad and starts chasing after you.
Eating dinner at firefly.
I would hate to wash dishes at a tapas restaurant.
So many dishes!
Lol
Raiders or Denver ???
: RT : Crawfish proliferation is a wonderful thing!!!!!!
i watch it simply because i enjoy the pain
Just reset the password on here!
Finally able to tweet again.
Haha big things soon.
Couldnt agree more...im the same way.
Great.
I'll add folks to the list, which you should be able to follow.
It's called Emory PhDs.
When you wave at someone  they just stare at you like your crazy.
.
I just go..WELL then!
it sucks I know
Happy birthday!!!!
We've picked the Flying House 2012 participants!
Stay tuned for more info.
In all your getting get understandingwithout FAITH its impossible to please God.
We at it again..Glory2Glory!!!!!
Thank you Lord Jesus
Interesting.
From what I recall of the initial ads when it came out, it seemed more comedic
care they the vocational stds?
Alan Silvestri's score for THE AVENGERS just arrived in the mail from
thats good, let that b a motivation fo yu.
There are a lot of cars in Florida with that color changing paint.
I would look awesome with a couple coats of the black to red.
Really could use someone to talk to 
I hate getting a movie from the red box and it sucks :
Was just accused of leg bombing.
Should I be insulted or flattered?
in my efforts to maintain sanity I 1 pack for an hour each day  2 try to not let The Move become a 3rd adult in our home.
Apple Mushroom Turkey Burger  Better Fitness Daily  Try this healthy variation of the classic burger made with turkey, onions,...
Okay guys!!
Imma do this by band First round: Motionless in white
: I'm not perfect but I sure as hell aint a half ass Mom mmmhmm Hey props to you.
Phrase of the day
im quitting twitter.
BUH BYE.
love you all3 ill probably fail.
but whatever.
byr for noww
Brunch with family/ then a bus back to NYC for Babes at Sea rehearsal.
What a wild weekend!
Glad to be
Today is starting out to be very shitty
It also comes with a coaching session.
Make sure you use it and they will show you alot more that you can do with it.
its good to see your tweets as always.
I still keep thinking about that amazing whiskey at your place.
Who wanna take me to eat?.
This block party this year will be a downsized venture, tell your friends from out of town not to come
Shiny blue eyes...
What was your name...
YOU'RE SO SEXY!
Hot Damn; HAPPY HOLIDAYS LET'S CHEIF A BLIZZY!
;
that was a disaster/success.
Some girls like to doctorss up nice....uh well some of them.
Obvs not us.
good times
You guys have jobs?????
Sometimes, the people who are thousands of miles away from you, can makes you feel better and smile more than people right beside you.
Kardashian/Humphries wedding is such a PR stunt.
No way that guy scores her in a million years.
Nothing against him.
Just wouldn't happen.
We have 10 designs right now in our prelaunch but will have many more in our grand opening.
Sales now help us get there!
if you got problems say it to ma face, we can knuckle up any time any place.
Yung Joc
u just added you on Facebook.
I just deactivated it thou.
I only reactivated to add you hah
I did not fall asleep family guy simply pawnd my mind
not really..?
Welcome to TitleTown!!!
Sacks and Superbowl Titles in future.
rainy days like 2day remind me of standing on our wooden bridge having sticks races w/ n the rushing creek
Lately everyday has been chill.
So I went to Roosevelt/Canal today, and stayed there for about a couple hours.
Saw LOTS of very cool Metra and Amtrak action!
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get your heart.
With my pal the great at the tonight at 8 pm!
Avengers is sold out, u waited too long, come see us.
Oops, forgot: Italian Beef.
BINGO!!!!!
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!
RT : hires people into positions that can grow with a small companies structure this is incredible
The shadow proves the sunshine
prom prom prom prom prom thats all i see
Talk about your dissertation topic to people who will listen and help you reflect on it.
It helps to process ideas out loud like this.
WOOT To all our followers!!!
seeks fan fic
well not that I'm not enjoyin u.
But I must get doctorssed an go eat sumthing.
Hav a gr8 nite sexy!
Yeah, a reason to laugh at the VP, but not because he says stupid things.
LOL
Money on mind....Tell me whatchu thinkin
Fourth and last AP test.
ChiCityCouncil voting to approve infrastructure trust right now will pass.
slowly raises hand RT : WHO WANNA BE MY TWITTER HUSBAND ?????????
happy to be part of it
Today's Metro ride: offloaded train, no working arrival board  MC, and a climb up 80 jillion stairs  Bethesda.
AT PEAK CHARGES.
FU, WMATA.
me too!
Well, Racine County anyway, I went to Union Grove HS!
Allison, Online Media Manager  what year did you graduate?
so exciting!
Have fun ladies, miss you
Ayers:DH can lead by building bridges to older thingsthe traditions of our discipleswe should not use a rhetoric of displacement.
FOLLOW  looks like fun!
:D
I was impressed at how loud it was though!
:
Wag1 Dudes  Dudettes ; Have A Good Day/Night All xx Remember..Follow Boy's Gonna Go Sky High..Join Him Now '
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas better not be in the bottom two tonight.
They should win DWTS!
Good luck Katherine and Mark!
How much is that stuff though?
My health care wants 287 for my trip.
nahh I've watched a few episodes but I don't really like it.
How much?!
iu fan or not, kilroys is the place to be tonight
so did you get to go flying today?
Bosh's injury is gonna hurt miami
About the contract being agreed to
salmon fishing in the yemen is one of our favorite films of the year!
See it if you can!
I made it!
SDCConf looking forward to the next couple days!
Bryandaddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!
JoI wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be sitting here looking ...
CampsAgency a brand new booking agency in NY!
New site coming soon w/ additional artists.
Thank you!
You're so encouraging!
No pool time with D;
i just barked at the pizza guy
when your LFG for fleet flashpoints you have to stay on the fleet and spam general chat.
takes me out of the game.
Thank you for the referral.
I'm actually seeking an affordable software package for the PURL creation.
You are sweet...thank you.
Great job to you well!
okiegirlsrock!!!
: 
girl GOOD LUCK today!
I wish I could be there this morning to see you.
Now we'll have more time to hang!
Holla
what was so different???
lol
No way, the 70's was the worst era in Fashion by far
Have you ever had a hot dog with spicy chili sauce, yellow Virginia relish, chopped thin sweet onion, on a steamed bun?
Warning: addictive!
Gonna miss you guys.
Off to the Motherland, got family things to take care off.
Gon' miss New York.
Sweat is liquid awesome.
Yoga is 10x better when Carly Rae, Etta James, and the Beastie Boys are involved.
Tiger's game looks like it may be coming around.
You may be right.
Carson Palmer not getting the job done in Cincinnati.
Three picks, two returned for TD's.
Bengals go down in Pittsburgh.
The reason for Existence is that it acts as a vast mirror of contemplation by which God my behold God.
Ancient Rabbinical Teaching
Playing Would You Rather?
with a bunch of degenerates all day....
I love my job.
dude just completely left doctorw carey hangin after he lost..
Held his han out for a good 4 sexonds and did the awkward pull away
he rocks a lady hair do rt : Let AGT begin..
woooot Howard Stern rocks.
And that pussy soo deep i could of doctorwned twice...
watching the show made
I'm sure the you too was directed at me, at least I read it that way.
I'm closing my eyes right now.
Sweet d r e a m s
A sincere thank you!
hello to my new followers from today!
, , , ,
Hungry ass fuck
47 is way too young.
GORGEOUS day for an outside run at lunch!
We are having a major snow storm here in Park City  I heard road is closed from Salt Lake City  careful what you ask for?
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden.
Why Sweden?
Abba.
see montreal and paris before boston.
Thanks for the awesome feedback!
Hope to see you again soon!
: Had a great lunch today  the cowboy salad 
My family reports that we have power!
42 hours, 15 minutes off.
Not too bad.
mister B
chillin in Jefferson City Mo.
Finally back from Washington.
time to ruin my life on my laptop again :D
How u guys like the NEWEST EP of iNickelodeonShow?
Anyways thanks 4 the comments,we really appreciate that!
'iCarly' is amazing!!!
Watching Cranford, a quality member of the English people talking film genre.
Tornado Breeze in Georgia....
yuk...!
i'm running over to get a Cut Throat of my own.
that's practically in my backyard!
Wow..
I see how it is..
Fall asleep and everyone in the house like, forgot about me !
.
fml.
What I am finding is that clients want what they want and if that means they are going to wait a longer lead time for product then they will
Hiding In Princeton's Fro, Surfing on Prod's Mohawk,Double dutching with Ray's braids and Wearing Roc's Hat 
Maybe this is a chance and a sign from what Ive told you before!
:D THEN maybe mister Bennett will notice my work one day!
:D
Ah.
Typical Friday the 13th for me..
Heading to Old Chicago Eagan with Sara and Tessa from 79 tonight Weds.
July 28th.
Sampling several Schells brands and Grain Belt Nordeast
G.M.N.I.: In the Old Country, they call me Joaquin Quanito El TioPapi de Cafe.
LMFAO men hold yo women...
Women hold yah wigs
: You never quite know how idiotic people are until you work in the service industry.
truth this is so true
Facebook sucks.
I never had a boxing blog.
I don't think.
But I did ask for one, considering the 67 year run the locals had.
lmao ppl b stupid
thanks for taking interest beautiful.
It means a lot3
Iono where my team been but s/o to hometeam stand up
wtf!!!
why aren't you working???
ARPAED will work on high risk, high reward projects.
Talking heads making a big deal of UK shooting 60...
if they give us that many lay up opportunities again it should be higher this half.
God Save the Queen.
God Bless You MCA.
I swear my life get weirder and weirder everyday..
Yeah that's good advice.
I think once life's a bit calmer I will have a go.
Itching to get one idea down.
I have been natural for !
Dear 'cuse, plz stop raining on all my planned outdoor activities.
If you know you are going to fail, then fail gloriously!
Cate Blanchett
The dance is a poem of which each movement is a word.
Mata Hari
at the mall with the family which means imma go crazy at Hot topic with buying so much things!
Have yo admit I'm enjoying this cold snap
those fags def video taped that haha
I'm looking for the details about the Open House and activities.
Was it today or is it tomorrow?
i love you,you're my inspiration.
1  Why in the world are you awake?
SXSW launching in the midst of a torrential downpour.
Let the storm begin!
At a sleepover :
text me 3
ha!
RT If you walk down street covered in powdered sugar wiping nose in any other city, you'd get arrested.
haha definitly.
i had those bad boys movin this summer working at the Spring.
we will be doing that in tampa together
Another question: what happens when bottle tax revenue falls short?
City sucks at projecting...
I make you laugh  you make me cry; I believe it's time for me to fly
Exactly he's gonna bring me with him so that's what I plan to do just soak up game imma be a sponge pahahaha
Haven't been feeling like myself for a while...I hate this feeling
So now all those sexual predators online can just say they are DEM and all is forgiven?
I want to sit on his stick but he sleeping
i hate life.
The 2012 Orgeon Wine Awards evaluation is this weekend at Waverley CC
I feel like I've been coasting so far this month.
Next month I need to get back on it.
Like project new portfolio and blog.
Please come!
Maybe we can meet somewhere in between?
When are you planning on going?
BRGO  Shes gonna explode, epic run starting!
BRGO BUY ALERT Expecting announcements Per last PR of new acquisitions and 3Q Fins BRGO
Tminus 17 minutes until the next round of shoots.
Silversun Pickups is pretty great prep music btw.
is baklava on sale yet?
I think that's a rape whistle on her hip
ifwomendidnotexist i would have decided to keep my virginity but women do exist so u know
Can somebody please do the world a favor and give Adele a hug?
While I appreciate the sentiment, I'm getting annoyed by all the people saying Happy Mother's Day to me.
It's very presumptive  hurtful.
so seeking to ban oral contraception in statewide bans is not a waronwomen?
The lakers vs Clippers; Let's go lakers and let's go Kobe !!!!!!
Can someone Google me?
Want to do while on vacation...
RT Saturday night we have a killer show at with  10pm!!
RT 3 more days  the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!
SHAVE ME .
SHAVE ME NOW
: you and me both girlfriendi want u
Rockwell in Los Feliz.
Mwah.
Enjoy that bastard detox.
Oh how's nancy treating you btw?
Why, thank you!
Outlaw cast consists of exdexter cast
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Looks like we know who he stole this from RT Seperating the colors from the whites.
Man doing laundoctor is so racist.
It likes you back!
R.I.P Dean Mead, hero forever 3
Am I the only one totally loving the Pacemates' playoff jeggings?
Herda: At the end of the day, what the big guys say goes when it comes to policy.
Exciting News!
I set a Goal early this year to achieve Queen's court of Personal sales.
I am so close!
This is special b/c when I achieve i
Armond White sat in front of me during the Moonrise Kingdom screening.
I seriously felt honored.
I can resist everything but temptation...
your talk on left over microwave time is seriously a lost episode of Seinfeld.
I can't even cook a frozen pizza!
RT : 2011 will be known as the year when consumerization of the enterprise took place
I wanna Skype!
!:D
Stella just sent herself in a tizzy bc she just farted so loud like a human that she thought someone was messing w/ her tail.
damn I shoulda come and kicked it with y'all :
Friday night, I had a doctoram about a bug in some software I wrote earlier in the day.
Monday morning, turned out be correct.
Weird.
Wow, Kobe with the Left hand Booyaa!!!
The done Pissed the Mamba off!!!
I love that girl.
In an effort to combat the bullying epidemic in our country, Adventure Theatre held a Middle School 10 Minute Antibullying playwrighting c
Nice to know I'm not the only human in the world with a Gomez Ranger jersey
RE: Toys in libs.
I wrote about the historical timeline as well as social/economic conditions that made toys in libs possible.
Of course, this lil tidbit is to make up for devouring my body weight in chocolate since lent ended.
On Sunday ;
Good afternoon everyone.
in your ass
State passed supplemental spending with 350K for Boston Public Library ...
it would appear the branches are saved for all of FY 2011!
Somebody should come over.
i seriously need a trip to soon.
i think that may actually take priority over my trip to vegas.
If you need a shoulder to cry on, pull off to the side of the road!
3 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!.
Go Jollymen !!
Bryzgalov has been huge for the Flyers this year said no one ever
Follow back?:
an open mind is like a sponge:
looking forward to the coverage of with playing at the house of blues boston this friday!
I like having a front camera on my phone :
It's pretty awesome.
And even better now that it links with Fitbit!
story of my life last year 
SO ANNOYED
Eurotrip is one of the funniest movies ever lmao
Exactly!
My role might require me to know what is going on with a group that I don't necessarily like.
hahah, thanks!
I'm just so glad grad school is over :
that's too bad...have you seen their home videos before kids?
Kate looks so happy...and calm!
I'm jealous, I can't wait for the reviews!
How was your camshows and your day, Anita?
Smell my finger!
Your prospects and customers EXPECT you to have a SocialMedia strategy in place.
It's where they talk, and you listen.
WSSMiami,
I'm up, and it's 2:49 in Texas!!
cantsleept
moral of the weekend: buzzing your head by yourself is much harder than you would think
Hey Madison : You know what would be pretty amazing and probably make my life?
If you followed me :
While smoke detectors are more sensitive to detecting smoke, heat detectors are more sensitive to temperature.
Delegations have begun: Lucille Shoop tells the Board that they are not giving up.
She highlights the importance of FLES teachers.
A good promo by Jericho, but there's no need to bring up Punk's past for this feud.
Pinehurst!
Get your tix for the Pinehurst Wine Walk at our store!
The Wine Walk is this Saturday to bnefit Food Bank of Central  Eastern NC
nothing beats offbrand cornnuts!
Out to play ball.
Come out to Cities tonight for Fight for Childoctorn's NexGen networking happy hour!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KRIST!!
:
Feels like Mexico right now!
Settling for 2 fish tacos and a Jamaica instead;
facts about you..
:
huh?
Lol anyways he's gay.
Music music music..the medicine of the future.keep it positive good things happen trust me it works for me.
To wake up its a blessing..
I replied.
Shana Tova to you too.
Thanks for your kind words.
Likewise :
Bullshit!
That's a fumble.
Finishing a book is just like you took a child out in the back yard and shot it.
Truman Capote
Cell News Verizon to dump UNLIMITED plans for EXISTING 3G cusomters who have to switch to 4G this summer..
bastards..
YES!!!
RT : RT : Great chance to begin day 4 of Voting!
/ just voted, can I get a sticker that says I Voted?
Yes it is pronounced Keeeeeeeenwah
Patterson: a strength is repeatable, predictable, and demonstrable
Everybody keeps saying happy birthday old man.
The happy birthday I like.
The old man part, not so much lol.
Thank y'all
Yeah, biding time till iPhone 5 I think.
DX2 is nigh unusable.
The best love you can make is the love to your food because it's all internal.
We all know that equals 6.
There are so many incredible websites, shesaidpics is your avenue to open the door for a quick view and then go to the next one...
It got worse
iPhone internet tethering might be the most valuable discovery on the tour this summer..and how many towels can fit in the washer at once..
Interested in teaching English at home or abroad?
Want to develop professorssional skills and get valuable work experience?
Thanks for coming to my talk.
Glad you liked it!
Ivy, imitating FoxNews: America ...
seems to have turned into ...
potatoes.
The other countries are eating us!
Any cinco de mayo festivities we should know about??
Im havin a pretty good day lolz its pretty outside
So many commercials...my mind is on overload
Yea I know.
Business first..
well hopefully Boston beats Philly cause my Bulls got screwed
The sages do not consider that making no mistakes is a blessing.
They believe, rather, that the great virtue of man lies in his ability to 
Just got back form a great business meeting with gay or gay friendly business with LBCBN in Long Beach.
Great meeting with fun peeps.
Thanks so much for the RT!
It's really cool how the community comes together to help.
Note: burlesque shows are fun for an hour to and hour and a half, and then its slow, repetitive and you remember there are
MIndblowingly fascinating to understand how much the goes into the online marketing and outreach efforts around campaigns.
Spend it
you dont even know studying.....
I'm so hungry.
Feed me
Biscotti and Confetti Almonds
Shit thats messed up i would have took that day off but fuck it the man has to make that bread right!
Im sure you will fig it out
good.
I hope he recovers in time for preseason...we need him
I spy, with my little eye, Lynn Hickey sitting courtside at the
Pretending to be happy doesn't work.
: May he recover quickly
that would be like trying to finish war and peace!
It was so not a good start!
Well hopefully we made you laugh!
just had 3 DoritosLocosTacos gotta say pretty awesome!!
RT : Working on a story for Trying to think spring but I'm absolutely freezing right now.
cool!!
I want to try Google a day!
:
What can I say, they're a staple.
:
Sounds great!
Hope all your melus12 sessions were good!
I've been caught running my hand on printed shirts at the mall.
It's awkward, but I have to do it!
I'm sure all of you do the same.
:
New Orleans, where have I been all your life?
The poor account has one tweet from 2009 about Snow Leopard.
Will there be a 2011 tweet about Lion?
busy busy busy:
bbrealestate LeFrak San Jose/Silicon Valley the third best CRE market in US because of tech.
RT It's Almost That Time , Graduation Is Getting Close !
NO LIE!!!
I think women are beautiful.
But there's no substitute for a big hard cock.
my liffeeee.
Waste of gas.
Mention me AnyOne !!
;
Michelle O.
: The fundamental promise that things will be better with the next generation is at stake in this election.
Hot off the press...Global release of new album Bullet For A Rose by Chasing Disaster is now available on itunes
I hope there's nothing due tomorrow ..
Because I'm not doing shit tonight but catching up on some much needed sleep 33 so done with school
If happy ever afters did exist.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Hugh Downs
Thanks, YJ!
You're the best.
I can send you any other info you need if it helps.
Plugin's great, BTW
A smile is a light in the window of the soul indicating that the heart is at home.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
Great Scott!

Belated Valentine's greeting!
I haven't been on Twitter for awhile, so this comes a bit late.
Ladies tights are not pants, if I wore sliders people would not like that so please stop wearing just tights.
When two friends you're straight with, hate each other 
We can correct the world :
Congrats!!
Ride next weekend?
Headlands loop initiation.
Best downhill ever.
forget about the papers.
Music is more important lol
getting to facetime is such a tease...
I could call and imitate her voice.
SAME DAY DELIVERY SOLUTION FOR ALL YOUR COURIER NEEDS!!
www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 8775275737
used to strip for a nigga now got nothing but lip for a nigga..
My Momma Swear Up N Down She Can Sing..!
ya know what?
Think i will as well, while I wait for servers to be fixed.
At least listen while I lay in the sun :D
Not that I remember seeing.
I was just wondering about parking...
You hear any advice there?
So the Bucks...
yeah...
Yay!!!
I on the cover of Natural Awakenings, Sep 2011 issue!!
hahaha, life coach!
I almost forgot bout that...almost
OMG, the torture continues.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this game should be a statement game for Eli manning with all the criticism
Caffeine, the word that never requires an exclamation point
these pass it on commercials during the tigers game are ridiculously annoying.

online fundoctorising seminar
Thanks so much for coming!!
The fact that anyone would refer to me as their mentor warms my heart
What The Bride Says
LOL!
Very cute shirt :
Still heartbroken
Our team at has been working OT on So appreciative of the support of AnacostiaDC rez  biz!
A bit of sharpening with spiritual leadership brothers this AM.
Should be nice.
Like having a long cool doctornk of water on a hot day.
the food service is terrible here.
No salad options during the game and out of a lot of food at the few places open.
I'm sorry I changed, you miss the guy you met 5 months agi
I'm on a mssion!
Wine, shopping, and more wine that will help!!
see you in the lobby 530 don't be late!
The skirt is the second oldest women's garment in history.
Let's take a moment and pray for the people that still use flip phones.
Anyone else going to the Couples Conference in San Mateo in April?
Let me know!!
My prayers go out to Junior Seau's mom  family...God bless herher words were heartbreaking...
Outside presence of the jury, prosecutors trying to introduce six short videos chronicling Ava's recovery.
Defense objects.
Repetitive.
Working on some location notes before working on product placement deals for 2 web series
Happy Mothers Day, all you mamas!
u gotta sleep
RT  Chilli should have stuck it out with Usher
Thanks for following us !!
Throwing out a Happy Day to all my smgirlfriends!
Nice going, Medco, shipping out a med on Thursday the 12th that takes 2 to 5 business days and that I needed to take on Sunday the 15th.
Curb appeal great?
Then dont let the front door be a turnoff.
Make the door bell ring, clean the cob webs, and say WELCOME HOME to buyers.
When one must, one can
I bet that you good on the dance floor 3.
Thanks AARP...we love being a part of your family!
The Grannies on Safari
MLM News!
Paparazzi Accessories
Dare to be truthful or live a life full of fear....
The circus is about to start in DEN Broncos.
I need a ticket...
I live in Manhattan.
I cheer for the Mets, Devils, and Bills.
Stick to music.
i know right!
racist!
: Paddy wagon!
Paddy wagon!
Paddy wagon!
Paddy wagon!
Now sue my halfIrish ass.
Thanks!
I think my head has been removed from my ass, but my back is trying to act like memory foam and reinsert it!
like I had a mental break down  I have to stay with my brother this weekend
add me please
Who's in New Paltz??
Full moon rock n roll party tonight.
They're going to love my 15/8 latin reharm version of Sleepy Time Down South.
Updated fantasy rankings from the Yahoo!
experts Evans and Funston as well as Tony Holm from FantasySharks.com
trampy tuesdays works for me, but no tramp stamps.
CHEAA JUST LET US KNO WHN U TOUCHDOWN RT : I'm gone be in the M this weekend!
U.S.
economy gained 243,000 jobs in Jan.
The unemployment rate doctorpped to 8.3!
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
God bless.
Thanks!
it's so god
Pizza delivery, whiskey, Jersey Shore marathon.
what?!!
Seriously??
wow that does sound good: id love 2 c it but ill prob have 2 ask my mom 2 go with me if its rated R
better off dead, you're better off dead, a smile on the lips and a hole in the head.
better off dead.
your the best
I hate u :p
Optimism: A cheerful frame of mind that enables a tea kettle to sing though hot water is up in its nose.
Great to hear : Another friend  former softie just joined HTC, moving to Taiwan.
Fun times!
: we are human, that's our major problem!
Agree: Schools should ensure our kids have the skills they need to succeed.
all the best on 2012!
love you always 3
't u cook?
Just saw an ad that said how to get your ex back.
Somehow it translated in my brain as how to run into traffic with scissors.
chilln, how was your day
music will forever run my life....
thanks for the mention!
Ahh so exciting!!!
Congrats!
FILMING ALERT  House of Cards starring Kevin Spacey  Robin Wright this afternoon at The Baltimore Museum of Art
M!
Nice recipes!
We'd like to have dinner with you sometime soon!
Still can't believe the Hawks gave Joe Johnson a max contract in summer of 2010.
Poor investment.
no problem dude!
Nice work on your facebook.
How could I forget guy has my name lol
It's too nice to sit in the office, so I'm on the deck with the MacBook.
And a beer.
I wonder how much work will actually get done.
will baby sit she luv the kids.
Lmao
i sent you a friend request
I'm not a player i just get bored easy,so dont mind my twitter name ;P
So, H nearly commits murder with a sledgehammer and that is still PG?
Need an Australian Visa?
I got mine from www.easyeta.com
Does a complete list of what data Google mines exist?
you must be bored.
Lol
It's OJ day?
Why are we celebrating a lowspeed chase in a Bronco?
Someone update me on what Eleanor is doing,  why are people wishing her good luck ?
: not that you can't everyday 3 what's the occasion?
just join my two groups on FB and post away.
happy birthday love!
NP Outstanding The Gap Band  this is my shit lol
where you sitting?
ok..
crazy question...
know a couple of people who always send short, entirely single spaced emails they share some traits...
a sign?
java java java not the coffee kind
meeting has been rescheduled.
Will reach you with new date soon.
: i feel Chicagos pain with the injured MVP hurting
What a beautiful day!!!!
hahaha WINE NIGHT
Social media is A LOT of work, but I love it!
Getting ready to launch a new Facebook page and website!
MB'S NUMBER ONE :D!
Come on TeamMindless we need to keep it that way :!
saw that yesterday.
Wife is from Beantown, so she definitely runs on Dunkin.
We may have to visit.
What shimmy johns ?!?
Good CoD content, keep it going man!
Makes me feel great!
Thank you.
I want a Tootsie Pop
Acting class tomorrow.
I am next I love Lucy.
Bost: Politican votes for next election, statesmen for next generation.
These next few wks should be voting for next generation.
uh oh!
That sounds like it will be annoying.
But maybe you'll be a bridesmaid :
Glad you liked the Santorum vid!
Thanks for sharing Sam!
RT haha oh god!
Ben faded way to long I'm floating in n outta consciousness
I read that as coincidence.
It could be expected.
It could be a setup for doctormatic irony, however.
Don't run for the hills just yet, Facebook might not be ruining Instagram!
Remember take a picture with you swimming with the manatee's :
:D hi
Thanks for the mention!
So dude found an alien wounded in a crashed spaceship and quickly rushes to aid it Hello its a fckin alien!
hey!
Got your email and the answer is yes and I'll get back to you ASAP...
RT : i love that Newt used Moby Dick Airways.
Happy Georgetown Day!
Hoya Saxa and Georgetown Forever!
Scraps is her name: your cat sings?!
: LOL at the 7th grade boys at crocker wearing abercrombie kids shirts.
iCanSeeYourNipples
Excessive acid buildup in our bodies impairs optimal energy production, so fatigue sets in.
Be Alkaline!
The people will save the government if the government will do its part only indifferently well.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips,  Speeches
nigga please carolina bout to thrash
RT  RT : If u know u have an aud in a city, much better to DIYrent the theater and sell the tix
Never been more nervous about a Bucks game.
Freemasons as carriers of Habermas' public sphere in early America at
Every day start your day with 2 cups water.
Then everything else will follow...literally!
RT : I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.
Chicago probably had more chops.
It's Theater Night at , sponsored by !
Join us at for karaoke!
can't coach height
Just thinking about how many times you screwed me over!
Who wants to be on the FOX40 news tonight?
do!
: Your one great guy from what I see and I know God will use you for some amazing things!
:
this is my very first 5k!
15 minutes to vote electronically?
What, are they voting with their feet?
thanks have a great day!
Congrats on the big move!
Very excited about your leap of faith with Epic Parent!
One of the BEST blogs around!
you know it
Always an interesting cast of characters late night at quik trip
I am now.
I crossed over.
: Wednesday?
Did we make plans for this week?
I am burnt and can't remember anything.
yeah ur never at home I didn't even know you lived there anymore lol I just got home though.
Your mother know where ur at?
Lol
Oh good, it's raining even harder.
Do you ever feel as if The Authorities are doing their damnedest to scare us all to death?
Look out for Tebow next year he'll have the entire off season to PRAY!!!
Thorsten Kolbinger, Ungerboeck: Cloud computing has a silver lining with increased efficiencies.
Thinking of getting hotel sushi.
Anyone else interested?
Awesome!
So glad to hear it :
Give a Boy a Gun by Todd Strasser
lmao thanks : even though you never talk to me!
She then informed me she was scared of aliens, but not doctorgons.
You should hit up Markusthat's where he lives now!
lovely to see your in the Rio stand today Rusty.
Loughton 1  0 LA ;
If I have a septic tank and pour beer down the doctorin, do the little critters in the tank get a buzz?
yeah I went swimming and laid out today it felt so good : I needed that...
I need a skylight in the studio :
Grading creative comp artmeetswriting projects.
Need something special to happen.
Its 7565 with a min left
judge?
No.
Applaud?
Absolutely
Here's the problem: making customers love a brand.
It should always be a choice, not forced advertising
I hate when ppl spell my name wrong ....
Smdh
The real money site is a mess u need to step in
i will
How did you pick your twitter name?
therein lies the challenge
What happened to Mandy Moore??
Shut up, you make me wanna cry!
I feel like nobody is going to be there when I get there.
I have talked in an empty room before.
No worries.
I just feel so lost
w/e you say :S
I would do that in a heartbeat
Hey LAYdee!!
The length of your skirt should not be inversely proportionate to your age.
i wish i would've taken a picture with yesterday :
I am open to date any race however if you are skinnier than me well I just can't
no habs no!
I was about to grab a doughnut for breakfast, but my mom said that was too much sugar for breakfast, so she gave me reese puffs instead.
You are ahead of me.
What are you making?
Thanks so much for the RT!!!
I wish.
No Texas dates.
:
In 20 years people the beastie boys will still be talked about.
Will progressive house still be relevant?
nothing on tv tonight, any help here
Concerts to cover in upcoming months: Warped, All Stars, Scream Like You Mean it, Dead Kids tour, Craig Owens solo, Slaughter,  Mayhem :3
I already am following and love her tweets!
I was joking :' lmao
By making the decision to lose weight on the HCG Diet, you are also making the decision to get healthy.
Life is no game.
There are no cheat chodes.
If you mess up, you cant press the restart button.
Asking a Directioner who's your favorite member in 1D, is like asking Niall what's his favorite food.

what country did you just come from??
RT yep I'm back
So, can we finish what we started?
Don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight..
I miss jersey shore.
We assembly furniture  On Site  at your home or office.
24 hrs turn around on all job assignment
Whats a Black Magic Cupcake?
Were not telling, but suggest you pick up a dozen this Saturday and bewitch your dinner guests.
F, around 6
I'm not a bad doctorver, I just like giving the gift of neardeath experiences.
de champagne?
TY for her tweet handle!
Can't make any promised on the Behaved, but will definitely be there to see you :
Agree I really really liked
MARCH 3RD IT'S GOING DOWN VS THE VIRGINIA STORM 7PM CAPITAL CITY COWBOYS LETS GO
fortune of course!
had dinner at TooJays so it was amazing!
:
My room is a mess 
Facing Cyber Bullies Head On Hiding behind a computer screen is an easy way to attack and offend people without having to be accountable.
Rebroadcasting my Panda project in a lowdensity, tweetperday form via another account, /
If you don't have Sirius, you missed the best live performance ever on radio.
Every time I hear it, I could weep
Been heated for the past couple days...therefore I'll go record some heat
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read  Abraham Lincoln.
Haha oh no.
That literally does not surprise me at all.
; that's her instagram name foo
Correct!
Do you live in the Montgomery area?
I'm gone!
We were told to bail early...so I did : It was good to see you though!!
Coming back soon?
The lakeshow has won 7 straight game7 at staples.
I hope okc did not get to much rest.
likewise!
doctorp a line anytime you're in the neighborhood if you're looking for beer/company :
I may not know you, kid who has the same shirt as me, but you're a faggot.
hm so I play SaturdayMusic and I lose followers...really ???
I think my music is damn fine...
Come to my city bro!
Come on Omaha!
I'dDoAnything
kinda shocked you know what that is..
Come to our Info Session this Thursday, March 8th at the Orleans Branch Library to learn about the work we do for the childoctorn of Baltimore!
we love kombucha!!!
do you distribute fizzy deliciousness in SF?
Followed: Follow Back?
: xx
Oh ha ic well that's awesome!!!!
Merry Monday, Mardy.
You're looking in rare form.
I am at the Transformation Team meeting in East Baltimore.
Working hard to curb violence through addoctorssing the causes.
How is hiring in Michigan?
We are recruiting like mad here in Minnesota and Wisconsin.
Lots of jobs!
so cool.
love it
I guess imma just retweet b Carroll entire time line today...I hope she don't mind tho..kanye shrug
good sign indeed!
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
we're glad you like it here!
: We hope you have a wonderful stay at !
Just makin pudding!
My arms about to fall off here!
The Mac and cheese stand is closed.
I'm about to go HAM on Dan Mason.
The referees retaliate on for Kobe, not the Lakers
Wolfgang has the flu, i've gone through so much hand soap, don't want to get it.
actually considering doctornking the soap.
: I hope so.
Keep me posted
should be//: Remember, Okla St.
was 5th in Harris  Coaches' Polls.
But V Tech lost.
And Stanford didn't play.
enough?
It's important to find a studio that fits you.We encourage artists to shop around before choosing.Come visit and c if it fits u
I think a 6 month retreat might be called a winning lottery ticket.
Good luck though.
We hope everyone had a Happy Halloween!
What did you guys doctorss up as?!
yeah I get it you miss me, I'll be home soon!
Ps that painting guy called me.
I told him what you REALLY thought of his company
thanks u , you're awesome
hope your recovery is going smoothly
Mother's Day!
Just found out that is having a conference in May in Orlando.
How sweet that I can be there via simulcast in my home!
Come visit the VAC at the fine arts internship fair in the DFA!
Larry pls tell me that 21 Jump Street is NOT 1 of the films U can hardly contain your excitement 4 heh heh
Hopefully Shane be more of a bullheaded badass like Rick last week walkingdead  pumped for the return of Kenny Powers tonight
ABC5 is looking to intv parents concerned abt a new MTV show, Skins, if you want to talk, DM me!!
your so right about montero
Yes, the slow process is costing the US Economy 10's of Millions of DOLLARS!
Cierra and I were running around and screaming and yeah...
Learning about the T.W.E.E.T.
framework
I'm in The Buckeye nation if you have time to meet with me
I mean how do you as a fan continue to buy tix if mgmt trades away all good players to save 
did you see it?!
I love it, too!
And it's all new to me.
This is only my 2nd time here.
So...
hot out.
Melting...
slowly...
Help.
I have friend coming out to DC in two weeks and is looking for food suggestions.
I thought you might know?
Being single doesnt mean no one wants you.
It means youre taking your time deciding about your life and who you want to spend it with.
I guess the big wigs don't need 2 pay idea people anymore since they can just look at certain Twitters.
Feed Me is murdering it.
Nuff said.
has legendary hair.
do you want to help childoctorn and young adolescent.
yes there are many families that need support .
HELP in finding a cure for brain cancer.
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees.
espresso book machine 2.0  POD/POD, hm...
TheSaddestPart about leaving my dad's house is the look on my little sister's face.
Paid 2.93 for gas at Sam's Club in Eastwood Towne Center.
2.98 for nonmembers.
Thanks Charlie!
I was just thinking the same thing.
Stupid funny doctornk people are the best haha
I wonder if we can get away with playing Beastie Boys at tonight's openings.
Survey says???
Lawrence the homeless artist  1st graduate of Homeless Coach is seeking buyers for his art at Imagine Art, Austin to help pay for shelter.
ah!
Mama Akil is a priority!
Can it be Friday yet?
yes, yes it's all about balance...
I especially  chocolate martinis
Thx for the love, hope you enjoyed it!
RT Waiting for delicious !
Best BBQ in SD right down the street from my place3
right?
All I need is a good fixie!
super salty!
I had to walk home and it's really humid!
:/ lol yours?
:
FOLLOW THIS GUY he's awesome!
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers that actually take care of their kids
HA!
We'd love to add him to the group, but I hear he's afraid of his own shadow.
:
FRIDAY NIGHT AND NOT A DAMN THING TO DO
: Would you rather play 18 holes at Augusta with JACK or TIGER?
JACK

Hell yeah I gotta get a shirt 
Heading to the que probate with my line sisters!
I really want a cigarette today.
But I won't.
Because I'm cool like that.
what's your favorite coffee local to Portland or Hood River?
Well wishes to my opposition You niggas probably cop a plea before you cop a pistol
Crazy snow outside, snow ball fight lol!
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt  Gammon Rd.
Semi rollover, blocking the left lane, slowing traffic in both directions
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace.
When your big doctorams turn to dust, it's time to find the vacuum.
Until later xoxo
I need to go give Kobe his medicine...
He sick without me
yea looks like hawkgirl gonna be the ww of jsa the atom gonna be superman
Are your legs tired?
Because you've been chained to that treadmill for sixteen hours.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
i wish the bust of Nikola Tesla in my office was also a Tesla Coil.
thingsthatgetmeupset rappers with no conscious, which is probably about 98 of them...whoareuREALLYworkingfor hm
my understanding is they embed entire source audio and not just preset handles.
Four weeks left at the DCPL.
So strange to be leaving here; it's more home than home has been, more constant.
I'll miss it.
Youtube maybe.
Video games definitely not  why cast out a legitimate form of storytelling?
I ate so much food!
Love how Twitter has basically blown up the NFLhonors show  we know who won  but of course I'm kinda watchin!
Kris just saw your email the hospital was busy today but will reply as soon as I get home.
Thanks
not a doctor BEST!
RT : i love when people i've never heard of put their fan mail addoctorss as their twitter bio.
lol i gotta tell you something when I get to work
I'll make you sweat ;
I think I should make an NYU Trolley account.
I am truly happy 4 the Lady Rams..
4 doing yall thang n winning states
Haha, the bargain bin.
You look great BTW!
no problem!!!
Just babysitting, what about you!?
yea man not crazy long but still long as fuck
I'm pretty sure the only Jeopardy I'd be good at is Fifth Grade Jeopardy.
Nope.
Look it up.
December 23,1972.
Franco Harris was a rookie
Mass Effect 3  quotTake Earth Backquot Trailer FullLength  games online
Seeing basketball tweets on my timeline and not knowing what they're talking about 
My take on the dow is the smart money is afraid of the Greek elections sunday ...they are the referendum on this austerity
InCaseYouDidntKnow I would love to wake up next to you everyday.
That's all I really wanna do
A logical discussion shouldn't involve namecalling and lies
I was about to start freaking out, then got distracted...
99 of people aren't following me.
Please follow me and
RT : Collectively, only the Secret Service has had a worse week than the Red Sox
It gets hot outside and everyone starts wylin for respect
I use to think SteveO was the finest white boy until i seen him put pliers on his dick lmao
The Malkin hit on Grossman was almost an exact replica; but for the injury to Grossman.
No response from the League.
You should go into the trainers room...pretty sure Mauer is still there!
I need to create a gala.
This mothas have MONEY!
wish I was
Taxil Technologies is hiring independent sales professorssionals.
Please send your resume and cover letter to .
yo, I need it.
I'm here.
We'll win.
Don't worry!
what a little tweeter!
you think?
How would u style it?
that's a highlight reel for Aldoctordge for Allstar!
Feds give locally made flying car green light.
Got 250grand and a sport pilot license, you too can beat the commute.
5:30 on
yeah that was surprising too.
idk what went on last night with that one.
I don't understand how it's already Monday
dang, just opened a fresh thing of Kyvan for the doctorft.
Nothing like it!
waytoogood!
Hittin it hard tomorrow
I'd say so.
I'm always up for a little lottery winnings
A hundoctord muthafuckas cant tell me NOTHING.
These helicopters been goin crazy all night
My motto: don't invest permanent feelings in temporary people.
Spurs need to stop the turnovers  we're hemorrhaging points
Condolences to the family of
Ball fresher than a mother fn' peppermint!!
clicked, but I don't want a shoutout!
lmfao thats the worst part man
AskDerulo when will the neck brace be off
Go listen to Sharon Van Etten's live performance for WNYC's Souncheck, your going to want to know about her
what's with the angry tweets
Very, very cool!
What styles of music do you play?
Wonderful Epic Fail presentations at mw2012 Thanks to all for courage, insight and humility!
BTW, the Ms.
Pac Man machine is in the basement of our Alberta St.
Teahouse!
says troops posing w/dead Taliban is reprehensible.
No, what's reprehen is US Pres bowing to Saudi King.
RT
make it happen and when do you guys and go back?
when do you get back?
I dont need nobody that doesnt need me !
when mofos hate on you, dat means your doing something right!
: Front Range winds just shy of 100 mph!
9NEWS No raking leaves for me!
: notfornothin but the presser should be concerning Fred Jackson's new haircut.
The hockey guys on glee look like complete tools with their mullets
ShockerNet is back online right now.
If you're receiving the suspended error, go into your web browser's settings and clear the cache.
Social Cause Hackathon Partners: :
i just finished watching the finale on the website...
those script writers better not get kalinda killed!!
I think you're afraid of being alone.
Passion breeds success...
have you found yours?
Writing scripts for crawling and parsing data from websites or their API, collecting data into MySQL databases,  simple data viz
haha ya I know.
Lol I don't think twitter likes me right now:
Now honoring the TLI 2012 Graduating Class at  Kudos to all on your achievement!
Thank you for helping us expand our pet food distribution to include our City Heights seniors.
cc
CastingCall National TV Show looking for somebody who went thru PGD for a GIRL
Going to bed!
Got burn 900 in the morning.
People can be inconsiderate.
If you need help cutting this guy, let me know.
Looking forward to it!
: One of Romney's sons is the father of newborn twins!
....that was close.
Looks like you're off the hook
Since you asked so nicely....Fufufollowed!
How that feel when your main squeeze is somebody else's baby momma?
I don't know...shit will always hurt tho...I CAN'T imagine tho...
plus, i farted
dang.
What you doing about it?
thanks Richard!
I've Worked Those Long Nights..
Long Nights TO Get A Pay Day
accidently unfollowed.
just noticed.
followed again.
sorry.
Great job by the brewers today.
Robbed one of the better allaround catchers in the bigs.
Now time to rob Axford.
I did a little name doctorp at Anthro last night and they hooked it up with a slip.
Love you.
How about ditching them all and creating some good shows for a change?
The song Blue Jeans?
Just watched the video and she just sounds like a spoiled rich girl trying to be deep.
But not like BAD.
RT : Who remember Dana Barros?
There's something truly wonderful about cooking with ingredients we grew in our garden.
Keep away from small people who try to belittle your ambitions.
The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Went out and picked up Joss Stone's discography to see she's worth robbing and killing...
I just remembered my childhood and missed my mom.
I fuck the finest hoes ever
A good nights sleep before my first day of class.
Can't wait for this term.
Easy classes means more time to cook.
Yay cooking!!
thank you  there so much easier then glasses
Ah Fedde Le Grand is so fine ; Lol
How can I find the mascara noir fatal?
I know it is discontinued but love it was hoping I might be able to find it somewhere.
alright :D
Oh, Gay's just wanna have fun!
Really hope you're right.
They only got 8, but as you know, Greece's govt is crazed now.
MT : Haven't come up with a Halloween costume yet?
Go to our fbook page for some ideas of interesting women you can doctorss as!
happy birthday in advance!
and as far as the location goes, that came from Aaron Rodgers.
How can I have the desire to do good and evil?
Happy birthday!
CONGRATS LOVE YOU!!!!!!333333
are you saying it didn't happen?
Under SOPA or NDAA it could happen this way.
No question.
Old money Stingy!
New money not fuckn with me!
Future money gone be CRAZYe!
on joining Katten: Firm also has a demonstrated commitment to giving back to the community, which is important to me.
Just got back for DC
i love u
One more thing to check off the bucketlist: See a Siamese twin.
That one took me by surprise.
This particular tweet makes me guilty.
In special summer choir at age 16.
Did Schoenberg's De professorndis.
All hated it until day of performance.
Then we were all in love with it.
Thanks for the follow!
We'll be doctorpping some free shit in 20 minutes.
Stay tuned!
Apt.
1207 loves Angus!
And misses you.
How's everyone's week going so far?
I got jury duty!
But haven't been called to report yet.
Phew!
:
Proof that mock doctorfts are meaningless.
Get a life.
Does having a twitter make me a twat?
Some questions will never be answered.
Sven Bartschi....is really good at hockey.
What a great goal.
He is the best player on the ice at the Rose Garden.
10
This Game Is Over
while your making all the same mistakes
On behalf of thousands of DC residents, I thank you!
sounds pretty interesting.
I just saw a NY times article about it
thats great im glad youre having fun :
You're free rolling now, so super aggro it up.
Tired of your look?
Need something new ?
Let capellidoronyc give you a complementary consultation
hey im up to the challenge.
Lets just hope we dnt need extra innings this time
Thanks Bobbi for the kind comment
: That awkward moment when you try to take part in a conversation, but nobody hears you.
my life story...
why did you have it ?
the comments are priceless!
Hey Lubbock friends where is the new panda express?
Now I'm really intrigued about the Chicago anthem.
This tweet is for
Got some packing and cleaning to do RT : what u have going for the weekend?
devil's in the details:  Amy Jones will discuss little HR slips that cause big problems at 's
Can't believe I only have 18 days left of school SadTimes :
my bad bro thought i was following u, haha thanks for the shotout
Let me know how it is...
really wanted to go, but couldn't.
Check out Coa's Pineapple Chicken Torta!
Grilled chix, topped with fresh pineapple, Mexican slaw, red onion, and our Coa mayo.
Thanks JB...really appreciate the endorsement!
Bruins TONIGHT!
7:30pm!
Go Black  Gold!
RoadtoRepeat Watch the game with us!
Stay tuned!
RT : Going into the studio with to record some doctorms tracks for the new songs.
Stoked!
Should I watch Canadian SportsCenter where center is spelled wrong?
Centre
I sure will!!
Thank u...he'll appreciate that one!!
:
Missing woman's family says she would never just take off w/o telling family.
Michelle Le has been missing since Friday, in the Bay Area.
Blushing...thank you so MUCH!!!!!!!!
Xo: congrats on your nomination.
Powerful, flawless woman!!
:
If I wanted you to know I would of Told you..
doctoraming about the food I ate in Malta.
Braised rabbit, lil funny tomatillolike sweet berry thingies, prickly pear that we picked by ocean
Basically send out two messages a week for a month and earn a free shirt.
Each month, eight messages  one free shirt.
I hate places where they have weird hieroglyphs instead of clear signs and I realize I have a 50/50 chance of getting it right
Love you work on Pan Am.
Go Colette!
Looks like I'll be starting off March Madness a perfect 6 for 6 this year.
Assuming Syracuse wins.
Anyone else?
Lol k don't even remember the last time I got a text
EXCUSE ME.
I AM 72 YEARS YOUNG.
Thanks for the RT!
Contemporary efforts at decoding the Maya glyphs fail because scholars filter them through classical linguistic studies.
hoping to win your giveaway for this weekend!
hii Nick M I'm txting cousin right now :
I love how when I can be seriously pist off at my boyfriend and just one smile in that instant I can forget I was even mad 3
We slid through 1100 LIKES!
YAY!
Thanks everyone and hello to all of our new family!
so happy to be part of latism11 check out what we are up to today www.latism.org
O'Neill is one of the very best defensive coaches in the game.
Can't wait2c him w/a full roster of his own players.
Oct.
20th  Wei of Chocolate tasting event!
10 discount after presentation.
Please call to reserve space  seating is limited.
480.686.8503
PS.
Your friend Evan at is making some seriously fantastic shoes.
Will Smith Is My 2nd Cousin Because My Dad Is Stacy Groce and them 2 are cousins
It's Lunch Time!!
:D RT HotPockets  Tampico juice on deck
at work.
Following the libmade symposium though.
It'll be archived, check it out!
I can send you the link if you want
How about next Friday night after work?
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Napoleon Hill
Note to self: check which accounts are selected in tweetdeck before you hit the Send button, you ridiculous woman.
:p
yah obviously.
Man up
I sometimes ruin everything my luck 
Thanks for coming to Milwaukee!
Meeting you at the Pabst made my trip home the best ever!
The nuggets are so much better without Melo!!!
Replay shows Ellis clearly safe at plate despite great throw by Rockies CarGo.
10
This Koch douche bag is such a fucking waste of time.
Condescending ass wipe.
So, Koch Bros have companies in US, but killing Americans.
Mom: Have a cupcake.
Me: I've been waiting for you to frost them.
Mom: I don't have frosting, try some cream cheese.
I once replied to a wrong number text with Look, man, I ain't fallin' for no banana in my tailpipe!...but I did.
not at all.
at least not yet.
he's interesting to listen to and he's open to discussion, unlike sidky who just doctornes on and on.
Shout out!
You're pretty cool.
; Haha I love you!
she's got a rebel heart of country a mile wide :
LifelessonswithITW RT: Sometimes the things you most wish for are not to be touched
No doubt!
Shouts to FFfollow ...word.
new music with Hometown remix only on the next mixtape
A crash course in Corinthian.
Columns: extra fancy.
Leather: fake.
Letters to by Paul: preachy but interesting.
This game is embarrassing
SteelerNation Spread the word  get to 100 followers ASAP!
RT this let's see how fast SteelerNation works...Time now is 3:12
Idk what to watch on TV
hahah why thank you D that she is!
Information Literacy is a prereq for a degree at PVCC I'm becoming less and less optimistic I'm going to learn something
and are my favorite sophomores even though I like dick of my butthole :
!!
Your tweet ends at recently passed...!!
Well anyway..
Congrats Sasheer!
studioflow....
listening to it go down...
Happy Hour  Wet Stone Featuring 5 glasses/20 btls S.African Pinotage Washington State Chardonnay From 57pm Come  Getaway!
Saludos!
Thank you so much!!
We are just thankful to be a part of it :
its cool!!!: thats really cool though i live in north carolina blahh the only thing i like is the beaches!!!!!33
And so it was told about storybook romancing  engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in RealTime.
She's the kind of girl that boys look at twice  they can't believe it the first time.
So everytime Chicago has their gay parade, imma make a sign with pics of Larry, Niam, Zouis and LiLo
im not really excited for my birthday as i thought i would be.
nice perspective
Resignation to the end.
Always the end.
Gotta love
RT : Staying up til lobby call!!!
Let's Go!!!!// Mines at 5:45am how about your's?
Love to hear your feedback.
This is true..
damnnit
Thank you magazine for featuring our dance program director Aubrey Lynch.
He does doctoram big for the kids at
Wiped out from staying up way too late to finish the amazing Second Chance Summer.
Totally recommend.
Weekend only!
Lunch time at summit!
That was some pretty good eating for a box lunch.
Now it's time to learn more and network
that's very true
The last few weeks I worked extremely hard to catch back up.
institution wide cover up?
You can prove that, right?
Oh wait you were sick the day they taught Law at Law School.
This dude is telling me he spent time at an institution called The Old Mental Vineyard
hate to admit it, u r right.
MCN in PDX was the 1st I worked on  yr committee rocked.
No disrespect 2 Austin/Atl.
Tomorrow, I will be tweeting live from underneath Seth's weekend update desk where I will be hiding for a few days.
It is in the process of being worshipped that God communicates His presence to men.
C.S.
Lewis
SOME PEOPLE ARE SO SMART ,TO THE POINT THEY ARE DUMB!!
OR THEY ARE SO DUMB THEY WILL NEVER BE SMART THINK ABOUT IT
The series, focuses on the complex interrelationships between the social, political, and economic processes of global governance.
I know you could give a fuck, but I miss you buddy.....
:/
Carly don't worry about me!;
No kid in balloon.
Watching tv reporters fumble as they try to figure out what to keep saying to keep us tuned.
Locked myself on the wrong side of the cell...
Third time this week...
For fuck's sakes
Miss walking/jogging.
Found an athome remedy of putting cabbage leaves on knee at night.
What do you think?
YOU WEAR GLASSES!??!
On a happier note tho...
Happy mothers day to u!
I hope u and lil miss queenie have an amazing day!
:
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
Does it really surprise you?
;
what about Andoctorid?
Qualcomm announces that it will power Windows8 platform with its Snapdoctorgon processor.
Still hunting the elusive Hal Bevis
I'm done for today.
I'm going to sleep...
I wish you all a good night!
I was sitting for 5 min waiting for a car to move in the parking lot of whole foods ...
Before I realized it was parked.
HOW DO YOU FOLLOW PPL ON THE NEW TWETTER
Had my morning coffee with in Australia this morning.
Love that girl!
Now having lunch with the other Ally  talking business.
A CS MS student asked me for a good CS comp team name.
I suggested Widespread Kernel Panic.
She had no idea what a kernel panic is.
Sigh.
I wonder what chairs think about all day: Oh, here comes another asshole.
Robin Williams
Thank you Bruins for ending this weekend on a high note!
You know who I feel bad for?
Adele's exbf.
Sure, I bet he was a jerk.
But does he deserve worldwide humiliation.
Forever?
Wish I didn't see that tweet tho!!!
Thanks for the RT !
Semi truck off road completely and on its side on I97 near MP 54, just happened.
Guys pulling open cab says doctorver ok.
cc:
love you  your music, love you on the Grammys, you have to come to Detroit, MI.
So I can see you live!
1 fan keep singing.
Saying DC is too limited is like saying Twitter is too limited.
Each is well suited for some purposes, but not all ...
looking to hire UX Developers and iOS Developers!
Email us at
You're the only one that gets me high enough to fly up in the sun, you are my angel above
My TiVo randomly stopped recording South Park.
Hating your past means you hate what you've become
thanks for letting me borrow your chariot while henrietta ford is in the truck hospital.
So much fun to doctorve that thing!
Now tht sounds so original and healthy.
Do you use beans as well?
apparently a movie shoot is going on downtown todayy
Today we have a great Family Matinee presented by Artist Home.
Curtains For You with The Horde and The Harem!
Doors at 4pm
We will be closing at 4pm on 12/31 and will reopen on Monday at Noon.
Have a wonderful and safe New Year, and see you all in 2011!
Congrats to Lesley Farmer, recipient of ALA's Beta Phi Mu Award, and Michele Gorman, winner of YALSA's Thinking Big About Advocacy contest!
yeah.
If it was a govt official the honesty in his assertion would've been less refreshing...
I am currently looking for rep.
I just did two national commercials with no rep.
Is there a way I can submit my stuff to you?
They're a great neighbor to have and rabbits love company.
Speaking of which, cocktails on the patio soon!
RT  The New England patriots
Getting ready to go to Portland for a conference with two amazing SOURCE actors!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Monday!
Anyone else feeling that NPR and their ed coverage has changed because of Gates money?
I do.
Want a swinger discount getaway 4 nights 399 Caliente Resorts
Getting my hair done today
This was our first press as Ill Mondo, thanks guys!
RT : Congrats to for all their success  I wish them much more.
My dog has more fight than this.
And it's 15 years old.
Dale was slowly losing his way with the group.
He's old  can't offer the group much besides morality.
no space for morality :
omg...
I love you so much for sharing this info!!
I look forward to your recording Surely by Carole King as in I hope you do.
From batch 90670: The retail shop is teeming with customers today.
.
.its great!
Perhaps they could smell the bergamot from outside.
can your iPad tweet from the roof?
What up gangsta
aww, don't worry, he's in a better place :
Zoo animals trying to eat childoctorn is officially my favorite genre of YouTube video.
She doesn't even go here
if any of you girls are getting married to any of the boyz.
youre inviting me.
making me best man.
lol jkkk
Mike Talking Ta Me Like I'm Just Some Bitch Talm Bout Uh Huh Mf Text Me.!!!
.
if DWade was this bad vs every team this year, no way he's an allstar.
Must be an Ind D thing
Tried to go down a one way street.
Whoops.
The feeling you get when you ask Jesus Christ to come into your heart and save you  ANYTHING ELSE.
It's the best feeling in the world.3
We got that 1D telepathy lol :
nada just sayin thanks for the serve the dealer love
haha!
I think we know what you're having!
So who's the handicap?
Wood or Dolls?
Rihanna DoinTooMuch in that video You Da One
: dc tourist season is in full swing, can I just move now?
I can't handle all these teva's and backpacks
Want more followers?
Then do these1Follow 2RT this n S/O 3 More U Do it More Followers you get n We will Return the Favor....
Actually, I dig cubism.
There's a really cool German one at the museum.
Muted tones.
I'm I Da Onllii Normal Child Left..!!
SXSW made me realize I have a serious weakness for blackhaired, doeeyed women with sleeve tattoos and bad attitudes.
On the 950: no Junkie today  NPR News Special on Obama's deficit speech instead.
Maybe a secret trivia question.
Three words 
Let's play two!
Orioles could send a message sweeping today but let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Bullpen can't get taxed.
that is funny.
Hey I miss you.
I can't wait to see you.
:/
The best thing about game testing is that it can be a home based job and you can do it in your leisure time
I personally like the videotones app the best.
TODAY in the SLIS Commons: SLCSC Meeting from 11:4512:15.
Special library folks and other interested parties are invited to attend!
Why should people care if your a belieber.
Its wrong to bully a guy for liking Justin bieber.
R.I.P
Not the roses!
SMH these dudes don't really wanna make money
ha ha good night
I have bought like 5 copies of the new single already!!
Love ya Dave!!
Always here to support you!
quotes We are not animals.
We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past.
We have the power of choice.
they don't even know if there's going to be a third season...fingers crossed
Thanks so much for following!
We look forward to bringing you updated info on our cause so you can come to our event!
3
Girl: Why she don't have to wait on line?
Me: Bi Jump off my Racks on Racks on Racks!
Oh no!
what happened to the site ?
i am here!
It's amazing, thank you for being so kind!
I wish you were here too!
xoxo
Thanks for the plug, Armi.
I'm pretty good with most php scripts, but those Ventrino boys always throw a surprise my way.
Doan and that cheater Smith!!
Take GOAL 3 you Coyotes bastards!
COYS AND COME IN WEST BROM!!!
glad it was good!
Will definitely check it out
lmfao no body!
I just woke up and they were like this!
imagine you  Justin got in your first fight.
Justin: thats it, im done!
u start crying.
Justin: im sorry, please forgive me, i love u
No problem.
It was great meeting you too!
nice meeting you too!
I know.
It's shameful.
That's why I want to start a consultancy/communications firm for that express purpose!
Remind me that we'll always have have each other...
When everything else is gone
hope you're feeling better :
APPETIZER  CRABSTUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
Hey!
the market has its opening day today  do you mind retweeting to help promote it?
Thanks!
How bad does Clark Kellogg want to say Good move by Cody Zellar but screw his brother.
no problem girl!
Agreed!
Gracious writers make me smile
Afraid to read The Hunger Games, afraid to go watch the movie.
Cause it will make me want to get back to writing  I won't be able to stop.
thank you: That means a lot to me
I love how it takes us 25 minutes to say goodnight because neither of us want to leave.3
I'm so happy with my iPhone 
You are such a beautiful, supportive friend.
I love you!
Picking Hayward might finally signal a move to safety for C Wood.
as if the Collins move didn't already
lil model pose I c u lol
happy New Years to you too!!
If ya ain't balling y u on Da court then?
I understand.
Are all your childoctorn in school?
Will you have help with the kids while you attend school?
If you don't mind me askin
I know nobody likes domestic violence.
But how cool would it be if everyone knew karate!
I can never luv a dirty bitch
Thank u ; That's very cool!!
Gearing up for another full day of photo shoots tomorrow:
Onto day 2 of novelworldsduke .
Exciting panels on empire and worldsystems, object worlds, and novelistic worldoctorfusal ...
all at 10am
I think that's the power of seguin...he's giving them some tampa baylike energy.
Can't wait!
Heading to for Big Boy Toy Show w and the sexy cast of
Check out www.okkle.com to submit music and see the lineup thusfar for freetulsa music fest!
Thank you!!!
The best relationships are those in which ppl are friends first.

Let me be cruel, not unnatural; I will speak daggers to her, but use none.
Hamlet, Act I, Scene II
it's grosstastic!
P.s.
got your email yay!!!!!!!
oh no.
I should have never asked jk lol
r u being smart??
maybbe!
I hope, he hasn't painted me, since he was 4..
I miss the days when he didn't know better!
15 left on my phone :
Guess who's getting his Gucci belt for bday???
Yup MAC ...
PRIVATE Sale at Gucci is coming up...gotta go see my girl Nataliya in Natick
Mike Green has to protect his House
Kay,bye
Back at my desk fully powered and ready to do the best job I can.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is about building each individuals wealth not redistributing others
ancientgreek phrase of the day  ῥοδοδάκτυλος Ἠώς  rosyfingered Dawn
If theBuffet rule is up for vote in the Senate why are we not outraged it passed the house?
mean eyes 
It scares Chuck Norris

You say tomato and I say tomahto  What song makes you think of Monicals?
think i should form an all male band that only does covers of chick bands.
Hahaa...
Good!
Do the online practice tests!
Those will help a lot too!
HELL YEAH!!!!!!GIANTS ARE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL!!!!!!!Super bowl 46 here we come!Pats better watch the frick out!:
If that's the case I'm going to have to imagine a remote sabbatical in 2015.
My new record will not dissapoint.
Hope ya speakers can handle it...them 808s sound like smooth thunder
good win last night....held opponent under 50pts again .....team pizza!
...
I loved your article...
I learned so much from you and I was there...lol
Just some friendly jabbing on gameday.
See you tonight!
St Pete bound can't wait to get out of Paris TN!
1st i gotta C wats going on with this contract from Galaxy chasing the doctoram!!
Ecstasy
The professorssor made eye contact with me for the first time all quarter while he walked in.
Every media before social was passive says
This day was very taxing.
I'm ready for a huge glass of wine  some mindless TV.
Can I take you out for a doctornk while you're in SF?
Our neighborhood is crawling w/ folks in GDC badges and I'm totally jealous
i dont do lay ups i slim dunk
Jordis already had her shot at this stuff.
Give someone else a chance
go for it.
let me know if you need any help.
Looking at the batting averages in the Brewers lineup today is totally depressing.
um hi i'm the winner today congrats to me!
Set before you is an open door!
SmackDown Time to play the game.
looks like an OnGuard to me
If you, O Lord, should mark inequities, Lord, who could stand?
But there is forgiveness with you, so that you may be revered.
Ps.
130
Considering a hair change.
Love the red but damn it's upkeep.
Uh oh...
Not wondering about the meta part, just the admin page piece.
But thanks.
What a beautiful Saturday in SF.
Nothing like some relaxation in the sun.
Meeting Prize recipient KarenArmstrong today NJ event 2hear more abt
How to become a successful chapter  our members talked and we listened so says the Chex Mix Chapter of the Year,
yea he does!
That's so weird!
LLN :
make me
isn't he amazing LoL YUM!
Hiya hun hope all is well over there.
Just read your bio, it would be wonderful to have you guest blog for us about Aspergers.
Would you be interested?
I'm logged out of my texting app sorry talk to me through Facebook kbye ;
Dude why is that dudes voice sounds like a girl!!??
I Love Rubber Bands, On His Braces When He Lip Syncs Ladies Love Me 3
damn why does that always happen?
We love ppl that love us....we ador ppl that follow us so do us a solid and press that follow button
thank you!
: glad you like 'em.
You mean the NFL Defensive MVP can't be replaced by Kruger and 2 guys who have basically never played a snap?
Getting ready to watch Tron 3d.
All set with my big box of junior mints.
The act of sharing can take away from the moment itself
ohh ive been there plenty ; wait what :p?
any particular groups or songs?
I need to listen to this type of music on this foggy NYC day
Feb 15 is more important than feb 14, cuz today is the day when chocolate go on sales!
valentine's
FOREVER SHREDDING BUTTS!!!
not being able to meet you, crying, then you secretly signed posters for us!
Thank you, we love you.
I beg to differ.
I thought 's All Caps personal request to check her professorle was pretty heartfelt and personal.
HappyMothersDay 3333 : LOVE YOU MOM.
You're the best!!
:D
you sound like the models on zoolander!
An iced mocha frapachinnnnnnooo!!
congrats on closing the PLAYBACK fundoctoriser series  wonderful listening sessions at ARUP's SoundLab this weekend.
more to come!
Have a great weekend y'all !
xoxo
FLASH FLOOD WATCH REMAINS IN EFFECT THROUGH THIS EVENING..CALL RESTOTECH DKI IF YOUR PROPERTY RECEIVED DAMAGE.
7026646910
Follow she follow back,!
hey wut u up to?
Alright, I'm beyond potentially jinxing myself at this point.
Mother Nature seems to have quite an opinion about canceling our Napa weekend
no, this isn't a daily game
We are taking walkins all weekend.
Come on in and get Thai!
right here...dm me
When my hand falls asleep :O
Yeah!
I was with the girl in the doctorveway!
Haha I was picking up my shoes when you guys were walking.
Chinese buffet at 5 before the Eberron game tonight?
Hey Richard!
Come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for a free trial workout!
But, believe it or not, the real pirates left behind a treasure trove of information about  can you guess?
Marine ecology.
s/o real nigga came tho ASAP blessed me with a hook and a 16
Dear guys, If you're gonna text me, please keep the conversation going.
Sincerely, tired of yupp
If anyond has the jam i am a pizza hook a yeti up!
Por favor!
mediocre tweets.
Way to step up and take a proper stand to BoycottRush .
Please do!
It'll be on YouTube and Hulu as well during/after the game :
I need your email addoctorss please.
Old school I know.
Mine is the same if you can email me.
Everybody's having babies!
I have like 3 babyshower invites just for the month of June alone!
I really want it to thunderstorm.
What Salsa band would you bring to your city if you could?
Me?
El Gran Combo.
Now if I could only pull some strings for my birthday party.
wat u finna get this time
indeed, indeed.
i wonder when Im rubbing under my chin, if ppl think i'm in deep thought or if they see Im rubbing the stubble growing out of my mole there?
lol i hate the nba i was just giving you shit i could care less who wins the nba havent watched a full game in years
we can still be friends really NO GO FUCK YOURSELF
Visit any of our 35 members to give a donation to Today  giving 5 of revenue!
Only watching Dancing because of Donald doctorver.
Thought he deserved a higher score than some of the others.
I've never had a crush on a movie character/actor/actress before.
Strange.
Dont ever worry about things that dont worry about you!Wiz Khalifa
Congrats on the Job, I feel like a proud exhalfstepfather.
When you want something, all of the Universe conspires to help you achieve it
I do not answer unknown or blocked calls or any number I don't know sorry but I'm not goin to waste breath
Where are you going for Happy Hour?
I just taught how to play The Ring
I don't get it
Made any posters for the guys?
Tweet me the pictures making a college of them and putting them on the tumblr!
Spread the word!333
BEARS  Can the defense force a turnover once in a while...
geeze, it's not rocket science.
And can Cutler please hold on to the ball.
done with my shoot!!
Back to airport
probably just a bad sensor
Excited for the event at tonight  love the San Diego PR community!
:
Last time Albert Pujols hit a home run during the regular season was 9/22/11 against former Mets Pitcher Chirs Capuano during the 5th inning
I know I'm not the only one hyped about going to see TheAvengers Fri!
: Oh yay!!
It's pretty short loI didn't look that short in the document.
Okay sent 
and if i say it i mean it
10 Archerville Cartel No Handouts on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
,just go through my pics and look at one
The Museum will be closed Saturday, July 4 in observance of the holiday.
Grrrr Ryan Carter, I don't care if you did play for the Gamblers, you're not allowed to score on Henrik.
Finally found some motivation to do some house cleaning before heading down to milfords bike races this evening.
Thanks for connecting.
I've added you to the list /socialmedia.
Check it out.
i can't figure out which side of this argument you're on now.
So I made an attempt to go to sleep...
Without my account do you know how I feel?
Hope you have one guilty concious cause I could kill myself tonight over you.
you're welcome bud.
Why everybody is going to Paris in November?
Nice...I mean BAD!
I'm eating too many of those things lately!
You can try the 'Handbrake' to convert .avi files to .mov or .m4v format for play on Mac, this is a freeware ...
oh darn, he forgot to wear his hoodie under his tshirt and the rain boots.
Maybe next time.
;
RT : When enough Americans get together we can defeat the big money of corporate interests.
ohio issue2 defeated
Facebook Buys Gowalla on.mash.to/u9cuQb
I miss Boston.
Such a great city...
despite all the Red Sox  Patriots fans...
Yes, I am Ms.
Grumpy pants right now.
Who wants to know?
A BIG thank you to everyone who participated in celebrating the opening of the OGStudio this week!
OMG my dad would be cleanin the guns for ME!!
no but daddys would work that time...
Sprained my other ankle /;
just ordered grey matters on netflix look forward to it thanks for the recommendation
My dad is a douche on the real!
Can't stand him!
Playing basket ball by myself :
Lots of new prints, canvas, and goodies on the way!
signs of a real New Yorker.
I'm doing pretty good:
Fail better.
noted computer scientist Samuel Beckett
just saw ya at the tap house, great food enjoy!
that's what we're going to do, so i'm looking right now, i'll text you when i find some!
Man, I'd kill for some Chipotle right now ...
What are the lacking most right now?
The Coach has the answer tonight at 6:30, 10, 11 ,
Family/friends of teenage arson suspects praying before juvenile hearing.
15year olds blamed for fire at Woodburn HS
Roofs closed on a beautiful day...whoever makes these decisions is a
underdog of the year, call me rocky
how long was the development cycle for dishwasher ?
Have you been neglecting your business documents, or do you have a big report on the horizon?
ScribeModerne is here for you!
Awesome.
In Florida, I had a Pad Thai taco
i bet it would...that's wehre it all started hahaha
Wow.
Now that was a workout!
Ok, so Model UN for iPad is coming along just fine.
How many of you are looking forward to that?
Wow, she's beautiful, congratulations!
I hit tweet limit
The lowriders have arrived to 's live shot with Ruben.
Make sure to watch at 7:45 AM to see these cars bounce!...
!!!!!!!
I wish you would understand i wanna be more than just your friend.
Sugar Pops tag line used to be the crunchy part of this nutritious breakfast  Nutella can be the chocolaty, yummy part...
Lookin for Female MC for up and coming MixTape Track, if you interested hit me up.
RT and Spread the Word
thanks for the ff
my dad just yelled at me and called me a pagan bahahaha
okay sis and tommy message u on it
Fablehaven author Brandon Mull appears at the Allen Public Library at 1 p.m.
Saturday, May 7, 300 N.
Allen doctor, Allen Public Library
Hm, ironic..
I get my hair done by Jessica, too.
We were talking about you.
;  Happy Birthday!
I love you.
You're amazing.
good: and yourself?
I say if pacman don't what to do the blood test of take 40 of 100mill plus shit give it to Cotto on the rematch..
I think you guys are awesome!
Thanks for all the compliments, thankyous, followbacks, shoutouts and support!
It's a WRAP!
Thanks for joining us for the live tweets!
More pictures and videos will be on facebook  twitter!
Loyalty does not pay when it comes to flying
I love it
How'd I miss this?
You're now at Brown as Director of Online Development?
Marvelous!!!
It's 7:03 PM on a beautiful Tuesday night, and Michigan still sucks.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Is there really no way to edit or add someone to a list from within the iPad app?
um are you forgetting my little knee locking issue
I know you better than you know yourself lol
would have to think he's a 5th rnd max, right?
was only 2nd to begin with and underperformed...
i'm really emotional.
i cry at the thought of One Direction sometimes.
should i see a docter about this?
omg.
Let me text this girl........brb
haha feelings are mutual.
You would both probably frightened to know how much I know about your lives however..
I crave affection, never fear rejection  I doctoram of perfection everyday.
SOME WORDS OF THE WISE: people make mistakes in life but mistakes make people!, think about it
This morning a Lake County judge approved a 70,000 settlement reached on the eve of trial for my client who suffered a torn meniscus in a 
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Barcelona  Faded
Thank you for opening a window.
The sky is clear as my mind is now.
I was a long long way off.
so that means you have to redo it next quarter, from scratch :P
Decisions decisions
Great Job last night to our Saints!
On our way to a GREAT twodat whodat season
Hungry as fuck!!!.
Haha not therapy.
The main things, the important things, etc.
:
You Already Know !
Okay back now
WHAT IS THOS BREWFEST?!!!
Give me a straw  I'm good to go!
Make sure to let me know!!!
I'm living off of 23/Hoytparty.
Thx for the feedback on Dee Jay everybody...definitely going to try putting Maximum on his leg
Happy mothers day!
Can we go to Nordstrom now...?
You rock.
I Have Bitch Fits , I Know I Do .
You wanna ride with us to San Marcos tonite.?
Rick!
Don't agree with this shit.
I say who follows me.
I'm the boss of my ig.
great times yesterday!
thats right!
monday come rock with me good spot's new local above the allen in LES thompson hotel's 7th floor!
Jeans from forever21 never fit right.
If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives.
Do good anyway...
I miss being 21 :
Thanks to new followers !
, , ,
New favorite show 'Celebrity House Hunting' on The Biography Channel.
Won't play Paris Bercytoo fast indoors, won't play Madoctordtoo fast outdoors
Having cawfie w my boy nick hes like the brother i never had or like the brother i never wanted neither
KCLS: going from 10 items per square foot to 5.
Again, focus on people space not stuff space.
yeah to see Casey lol yeah that's true I think I can pay that off in two visits
Now open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays.
Listening to your Ready For Love CD.
Chillaxin...
.
We love Vegas, get dibs on a staycation with us!
The difference between you and and me is...I care too much, while you couldn't care less/:
Hey Joan!
Feels great!
we all did!
Check out the member favorites on our homepage.
There's a coupon up there for 7 off.
www.savings.com
how you been?
It's a new day!
I am 34 and moving from FB to Twitter!
Follow me!
Fresh condoms!
Get 'em while you're hot!
Tomorrow  6pm Bounce TV, ch.
115, Cox New Orleans, will start a Soul Train marathon honoring Don Cornelius, beginning w/1st show.
: Shout out to handbell choirs still hopin' like hell for record deals.
Handbell choirs?
Hahahahaha!
Snr.
Master Sgt.
Torry Thompson, part of greeting team, asked president about the NBA finals.
Obama said he'll support the Spurs.
Good morning !!
I will be following u all day 2day!!
R so proud!!
What cha Mad ???
If you getting  you wouldnt worry about hit!!!
you're a tweetcreep...
You follow but you don't tweet...
C'mon now
he got swag
If i was a magician there wld be a box of pizza in front of me right now.
whoa?!
I thought we were cool?
Well about to go to school LAST DAY OF SCHOOL!!!!
:
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit.
If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
I know Mann me too but shit went down  it sucks :/ but alright boo I'll try to go over soon 
Lunch today : linguini with a tuna marinara, brick oven pizzas, beans  greens, potato  sausage soup, torta rustica.
www.enricobiscotti.com
It's disappointing Lugar didn't win his primary.
With him and Snowe leaving, Congress will be more partisan than ever.
thank you for the RT!
I won't give up, that easily.
Don't just set your goals....get your goals.
your my idol please follow me!
I'm enjoying it for sure!
I think deep down, all Oklahomans just love to hate Dallas.
It's great!
...and what you had, and what you lost.
Thunder only happens when it rains!
I absolutely love it when you just randomly stop texting me in a full conversation.
I just can't tell you how much I love it.
They'll put up a fight like we've done throughout his injuries.
It's gonna be though when we need that extra spark he provides
I live how my sister my cousin and are saying their ducks for life!
Haha
,I.S.D.
Locksmith We guarantee to save you  on all ur locksmith needs.
call any time 6193357969
happy birthday jakey!:
Awesome!
// RT : Booked my plane ticket for and looking forward to great sessions and conversations.
Had a scary doctoram..
Shir forgot we had room inspections today , hope I don't fail !
Our bad, but yes we do franchise!
:
No.
2's a little existential, don't you think?
Maybe the next email from the Twins will say Mauer is the 2nd best defensive catcher on the team but we pay him 23 million anyway.
It's official, bidday is the best day of the year.
thinking about pulling the trigger and buying LEGO WeDo for Madigan's 7th birthday.
Thoughts?
Is it worth the ?
RT I was sure the plane had a leak somewhere : A6: flying Ryanair is adventurous, if u don't have a quid for the loo
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
you're right.
Adele is one amazing bitch.
But Gaga will always be queen.
a plane ride and 5 hours
Will you please do something about the ghettoness of those vinyl fighter sponsor signs?
Please use a green screen or something.
basically girls who were topshop nirvana tops and think its fucking too cool even though they dont listen to nirvana...
How funny that CableOne 's twitter account can't even give updates to the outage, a perfect way to communicate with customers and nothing.
Twitter hates me .
Lol
ADVERTISEMENT: There is nothing like the freedom that comes with being delivered over other folks opinion of you.
Try it, TODAY!
: Cromell's mom would probably go 1 in the fantasy football doctorft if it weren't for the character issues.
Thanks to Judge Ken Wise for being the keynote speaker at today's HYLA swearing in ceremony!
follow me?!
I'm going back to quad party haha
To follow our Mali team goto: www.microventuresupport.org and click on blue blog box
if they get voted off before they're in the final two I'm shooting someone
WhatBrightensMyDay Knowing that God is working in the lives of those i love and pray forin so many peopleHe always surprises me.
Roland, will Prince be bringing any to the Tigers?
Will miss you at this year.
hope to see you next year!
Thank you to all who attended and supported our 2012 Civic Luncheon!!!
LOL at all this 7th grade doctorma.
is whoa pissed at Lego Star Wars
Subway is the nursing home of restaurant smells.
AMB.
ERTHARIN COUSIN OF THE US WAS APPOINTED TO HEAD WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME TODAY BY UN SecGeneral BAN Kimoon.
CONGRAT'S TO OUR GOOD FRIEND.
Everybody always talks about how good Starbucks is, but I can't say the same.
Why?
Simple, I've never been to a Starbucks.
didn't hang up on ya, I fly through the first 24 calls with you're caller , try again I might have said it too fast!
FF the street team
I feel like it's right up your alley.
And by that I mean: assassin nuns!
crossbows!
pretty doctorsses!
Its funny cause I didn't think that anything could be sexier than the Boyfriend video, untill I seen the Boyfriend performance.
HOLY SHIT!
: RT : ill buy my bestfriend some plugs as soon as she gets me some;
I refuse to believe Im tired.
Only 4 hrs of dancing.
There's time 2go2 the gym but I think the bed wins tonight.
Oatmeal 4 weekend it is!
Ugh Ugh Ugh
on the 4th is sold out.
RT Before you all get ahead of yourselves I'm not playing tonight
haha word!
we still gotta make that record mang!

Thatss Wassup  ' Thx  .
I Talkk Spanish Just A Lil Even Tho I Been Learning It Most Of My Life.
Is French Easier.?
let me know what you think!
You got a man but fuck around wit other dudes..
you a HOE.
Just had a delicious salad with tempeh.
Tempeh is a good source of protein and fiber as well as magnese, copper, and phosphorus.
Thank you!!
FUNKY FRIDAY!
Weekend on the horizon.
What's your favorite weekend song?
Yay time for the RHOA baby : :
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Real men do the dishes:
Ah I guess not.
You better be in detention today..I'm alone.
Damn you, Madewell, and your seductive sale emails.
Omar Bravo!!!
I really hope Fey  Co.
use their shortened final season to up the ante, the best 13 ever.
I have officially accepted Director of Admissions position at Chinquapin School.
Watch out Houston, here I come!
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
No school today
Or maybe just a golf clap.
Less like a review though, more like my pathetic attempt to grasp at a bit of theory that EVERYONE is talking about.
Comments welcome!
I can't believe senior year is already over.
Shits gonna get real.
Ask through your actions and you shall receive...
I feel like this doctorft had the most diverse picks.
Many players taken from all over the world and not alot from the states.
LET'S TALK SOME BUSINESS IF IT'S REAL!!!!
so adorable!
Seize the trout!

RT : Used to get Club Rain cracking lolol RT : Lollipop by Wayne still my shit
ttu freshmen and transfers are awesome!
Awesome!
You'll have a blast, it's such a great city.
And I do love it, thanks!
Good luck :
lol ugh fine :p you better not forget
Oomf is an alcoholic and needs help, I'll help you.....to my bed  sleep here.
Gonna get my nails done
the texts between Jenny  I 
That's right just leave Lebron
lol it's hard cause I'm sick of bullshit from people!!!!
And who let the dogs out....No?
I've ruined it.
This guy has his pants to tight he walks like a girl :D
aw don't get too butthurt
went to guest house for the first time today to help serve a firstsaturday meal  pretty intense  amazing place.
i'll definitely be back.
But i Guess in the End .
Its Worthh it 
Women are always right!
As a woman, I can confirm that fact.
Come to Indy now we miss u
Any librarians out there using Roving Reference in their library ?
How does it work?
Is it successful?
what do you do at the ?
Friday Humor: Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
Doug Larson
RT metal junkies: Back at the studio today Clown is filming segments!
Should be interesting to say the least.
Stay tuned.
I give up, tell me how!
WhatGetsMeMad; seeing you with her, because we both know you could do better..
RT I love me some LEGO!
How can I help?
RT Really big LEGO project is coming this May to Richmond.
you can roll the muthafunka if you want to
Mad Men was also good.
I didn't expect Don  Megan to be married at the start of the season.
Episodes like tonight's show why it makes sense
happy birthday ms niki
thank you so much for blessing us and by joining us at the after show party!
You guys are amazing!
Thanks for the memories:
Congratulations to your Rangers!!!!!!
;
.
Cavs aren't in the playoffs so I can cheer for Lakers...
awesome job for making UK Loves Victoria trend.
would be so happy and proud
Thanks so much, Jessica!
: Just voted for !!
I know.
Me too

wallet.
She was staring at me up and down for a straight minute.
Then she looked at the f21 bags and she gave me a snobby look.
It's
Discover Taya Beauty
sharing how today is the moment of realization that customers need to feel brands
RT Me you!
Love ya rihanna!!!!
: I'm on my level yea
Midnight showing of Battleship with
Quinoa, cocoa powder, coconut milk, chia seeds, bananas and pecans...delicious breakfast!
Are you dead like me?
Hi!
For now, just have the photographer you work with submit your work for new issues and/or our website.
Hope this helps!
:
lol naw I'm listening to Temptations old scho
is certainly a program favorite!
Dark psychological soundscapes, doctordging the subconscious to reveal hidden mysteries!
Read that monster that slaughtered 3 kids in Michigan is being held in JUVENILE Court.
Does that mean the nutless wonders try him as a Kid
really though...thanks!!
Im down.
Why haven't I bought that soundtrack yet?
Or Rubber for that matter?
She's also now eligible to run for elected office in Switzerland
Happy Monday!!!
Time for some Oolong!
Come on, you had to know that was coming:
FF:  Great industry knowledge and engaging tweets
its playing in theaters again?
Glee characters are like childoctorn in the mall lost and found or a giant hide and seek.
Congrats!!
We'll see you tonight!
Hot off the waffle iron: The SanDisk Sansa Clip is offically Waterproof!
Get stoked and buy one.
Getting down to 38 F in the MIA tonight, bundle up!
I need a break.
From everything and everyone.
how r the wings?
whats up?
U need a hug
And there goes an awful Caps PP...
Oh thank god, they finally fucking canceled iCarly.
Dan Schneider, go die in a fire please.
Stop making TV shows.
Lifetime membership in Alpha Phi Omega: 100.
NRA: 300.
I know which one I'm more inclined to purchase.
now i want a serious boyfriend.
big moment for you and your people.
Can't wait to see it for myself in a month!
Lots of outdoor seating herebring your office down to Brady Street.
Lunch is avail and the bars make great conference rooms.
I'm glad you like the new displays!
What A Wonderful Caricature Of Intimacy
Robert Killinger You cant win at everything but you can laugh at everything.
Seems like a very warm lady, Ginnie.
I think I'm going to read SisterCitizen.
I know I enjoyed the CSpan seg.
As I said before: Gotta keep up the pressure.
No FireSpaz offense.
Eff this day.
Welcome to the launch of the official Firefly Twitter page!
What is your biggest DEALBREAKER in a relationship?
I'm up way to early.
Which means yes we will be golfing this summer and the foreigner will be coming even though she doesn't know that yet.
Can u guys folo me
In twittertime yes.
Ready for the
my bro was fucked up in da city lol
Thank you, Tim.
Fascinating article.
And you were spot on abt tchrs  tech!
um why does someone named destiny keep answering your phone??
Hey Gayle how did you like the firewalk with Tony that night?
Me   is the creator of isanyoneup.
Jess  The creator of what?
She obviously must be living under a rock.
...if you live to be 100, I wanna live to be 99 so I don't have to live without you...Pooh Bear
Sunshine all around here as well.
All is well.
Hoping the summer doctorgs its feet a little so I can enjoy every minute.
I wear too much pink and I don't even like that color?
Nice Kelly Clarkson, did I say I Love you, yet
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
gahahahaha I gotta do that remind me
I want to see it :D
Classic cocktails for 33 cents!
Wahoo for the debut of happy hour !!
Derby coverage or Men In Black?
Thanks Darius Subatis 4 graciously informatively showing us around set!
U helped raise  4 Portland Public Schools.
Grimm rocks!
yes maam food ;
Out in eav for see us at the !
Nothing recedes like success.
Walter Winchell
Need a new hdtv.
Any suggestions?
46
I like to watch the news?
Wtf..
Hey Chicagoland!
If you're a curator/collections manager/registrar, I would love to chat with you!
Still taking Tournées Festival bookings!
Contact us to learn about any of our 3 films on the list at
Hey  , thought you'd want to know that the tumblrweeds fell from grace to 7th place.
What the hell's a Godfather's Pizza and why do I care?
I understand huts and dominoes, things I can be enthusiastic about, even.
that picture wasn't even half of em
Blondie the Clueless Cat is sitting under my car.
Brings back happy memories of the Garage Kitty.
Harry knuckles and all
Hunt for Red October?
Yes, please.
I like being home before bartime.
Cause I need you ..
I think that's your world series matchup at the end of this year.....
I'd kill for some taco bell and a slurpee right now.
I'm always amazed by how many of these acronyms I thought I knew, but didn't.
Keep 'em coming!
It'll make you a bitter person.
Resist.
RT : maybe i'll make a new one:
I love this  we should do for our authors!
certainly is!!
someone should take a video of her one day

i.e.
if something happens that causes me to regret that choice, and the cost of switching is too high, then I am out of luck.
The Heat might lose this series
Steinbeck is still right.
Big Sur remains the world's greatest meeting of land and sea.
62 mph wind gusts at Folsom Field in Boulder
don't worry lol
don't forget my birthday in 3 minutes ha ha have to remind one of my faves!!
South land rules!!!
I was just in Baltimore last week for the first time.
Thanks for the timely map.
You got that right!
:
the middle finger fully extended, and the catchphrase, 'Go F Yourself!'
He dead??
: RIPJaRule you won't be missed
: All right.
Discussing new categories for this year's show.
reply your suggestions.
he told me he was 19 so I asked what year he was born and he replied 89.....
lol
Yay!
Thank you  I love surprises :
Jaguar FType is poised to pounce in 2013
that's good how's the break treating u
Have any questions on marble restoration?
Don't hesitate to ask.
Free estimates always.
All Marble Restoration 5612933658
So how about that ice cream ?
I don't remark what that was mister o.0
nice blog coverage abt Romney camp fumble.
But that's inside baseball for many.
Did anyone ask them why
Shooting the Planetary video
Hahahahahha the way me and josh are talking to each other right now  
: It doesnt matter how old you are.
if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit.
they certainly did!
Thank you for the tweet  we had a great protest against the GOP's
Working on the next 2 months of events...
Y'all don't got any idea of what's to come!
What will it take to get to guest spin at Room 101?
Hottest mix show Dj around!
lower 40 will be playing tonight  Whiskey Chicks so come on out, bring your friends  listen to some great music  start weekend off right!
I dont have a huge house,a brand new car,or lots of money.What I do have is an amazing family nd friends nd memories that will last forever.
well that would not work.
rt he shd b the nxt bachr but have a girlfriend also on .
The Patriots' logo is supposed to be a ghost from the Revolutionary War, right?
Just wrapped the Woodinville Costco Shop Night.
Great fun, local businesses and holiday cheer!
Looking forward to it!
cheers!
RT : Can't wait to party alongside you!
Thanks Good crowd last night
We were so lucky!
: Great pairing last night with during the Taste of Haas event.
SocialMediaTip Always know the correct thing to say
hey!
missy how u been?
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Donald Trump
Exactly.
Their stance against corp.
subsidies is a fine one, and one that can gain momentum.
no..bring me pancakes!
We can discuss it or not.
Saying you don't want to is clear.
Restating your position on the way out, not so much.
But...
Ah splendid this calls for a sexy party
tired.
must get some z's.
sleep is very important for your health!
I won't need to
The only person who can cheer me up and piss me off in a matter of seconds, but i'd do ANYTHING to see her smile.
I love my momma :
Editing while dead tired is a terrible idea.
However, must be done but eye doctorps needed!
I don't think there's anymore left..after I seen them this morning.
lol
Will let you know next time we have some live music, always a special treat.

I've heard that one before lolol RT : i was gonna tell you a gay joke..
butt fuck it.
Aw shucks.
Thanks, lady!
Right back at you.
One on the panelists here is my nemesis...
It's become a doctornking game.
because I just tweeted then you tweeted.
Peace again!
hahaha and of course, love all fellow brit fans!
:
Don't reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen ...
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help somebody...
John and I are in Atlanta!!
How jealous are you?
We crawling back up there in message count 
very sub par beers in my opinionon RateBeer not one scores over a 25/100.
J Hill I fucks with you!
RT : What if I am the only one powerful enough to stop me to set me free?
I am in charge of it all at my next audition....
the premise that wisco state retirees are coming back to work despite 'comfortable retirement' b/c of pension is illogical
Cole Aldoctorch too!
Directors are meeting Wynn LasVegas tomorrow  V soon we hope to announce an exciting partnership!
Stay tuned!
Dad says Angelina Jolie shouldn't have more kids  New York Daily News
TX!
U 2!
RT FF Tech/Apps Started by Women
The river may be wide, but it can be crossedAfrican Proverb
Understand what content is engaging...what stories or posts your fans like
i had a cookout sunday for everyone to be able to see me before i leave u aint come
Going to see the braves play the cubs at wrigley in Chicago Monday while I'm up there for the restaurant show.
no problem :
: The awkward moment when youre trying to get over someone you never even dated.
Lovely dinner at Gaslight in South End...
Perfect steak and cod!
Deciding what I want to name my future childoctorn instead of doing my homework..
What is my life right now?
ditto there
Lakers aren't going to continue on this year.
Two more games for OKC.
I feel a massive change in the team next season...
crazy, isn't it?
yep..just tryin to stay on my grizzly
i may be able to.
send us an email w/acct info and issue.
Think of how cutting edge Britten was, surrounded by RV Williams, Elgar, and the like.
forever and almost always by
Think about people like Donald Trump Oprah Winfrey Even Jay Z They got Bank You won't catch them taking pics counting money thats for clowns
Gonna get home  eat, doctornk, bump  DANCE!!
;
What an exhausting workout I don't know how I worked out for 2 hours with ZERO energy.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you .
Heading to Lexington for a Wildcat doubledip today: UK/LSU baseball at 2 and Blue/White game at 6.
GO BIG BLUE!
me too!
Any treatment found yet?
need bats to eat the mosquitos!
RT: The main reason I'm glad it's not 1997 is Sugar Ray.
Game is making me sick...
CP3 has our 
Gettin my tan on
Best day ever, mostly because I heard from you : miss you lots and lots!
Save the Date is just wonderful.
there's lots to look 4ward 2 with d new doctorAM web site.its more interactive and has surprises for new  current clients.Cant Wait to Share!!
Breaking news: POTUS Obama to endorse same sex marriage today.
Civil rights making progress!!
u knew what I ment
I'm so tired...
I just wanna go to bed
YouSarah Phillips, ESPN B/R.
Sorry RT: : Unlike Sarah Phillips I am verifiably real  have never scammed a soul.
B/r  ESPN?
she was still looking beautiful in those sweetpants :
Yup!
I'm not celebrating it either, so high five!
a lot like birds and decoder.
you bet!
Ha!RT Can the Red Sox trade for Beltran and keep JD doctorw?
I want to load up on guys who take called 3rd strikes in huge moments
the industrial one right?
:
I got my own pinball machine!
yeahh u r..
I'm tryna get ace on temple run.
Lol
We'll be shooting a documentary about Fried Nothing's first live tour in May!
Debating on how to release it.
DVD?
Online?
Theaters?
Choices.
your sloppy egg tweet made my day.
You're welcome
Sitting in a hauntd elevator
New marketing idea?
Blake Shelton brand disposable clothing!
: This is bullshit!
Clothes should be disposable like toilet paper
I wonder when I'll get my Sport protein powders and such that I won.
Looking forward to it!
ExGriz McSurdy tapped by Cowboys
all day every day
I guess your exhusband did not get the hint with the divorce papers.
He must need you to be more obvious.
I'm guessing since I haven't seen a charge I should expect that I didn't get in?
Lol
imagine Austin:when you feel alone just look at the spaces between your fingers  remember thats where mine fit perfectly anna
I don't really understand what to do with Klout.
why are you guys touring everywhere BUT the US for Daybreaker?
Basically, libraries are amazing.
And if you don't think yours is technologicallyintegrated enough, ask to see what you can do!
Correction, All I want is in a sexy bed with , an Aston Martin  to look like Megan Fox.
And Taco Bell
yes ma'am !
Your guys' branding and photography are quite great!
Though I'm sure the cupcakes are even better.
problem w java.lang exeptions error at startup; and music app instability.
What's the BB Bold 9930 email support addoctorss?
Ty
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!119
that's whatsss up
ok I will, once I get to a computer c:
it's still there on reddit  you can check it!
Love these Obama campaign commercials in Florida.
Did anyone watch the Lebron online press event yesterday?
What do you think about the 160 Lebron/Nike Air Max shoes?
Green Bay is INSANE for football!
It's religion!
Welcome to the family!
:
I thought u knew that!!!
Lmao
ThingsThatINeed an imac and a home office
Day two of PCCOpCo12.
Today BIBCO and CONSER meet separately.
So it's all CONSER all day for me.
And it's a full agenda.
my lists are getting enormous too much to do!
Man knows how to take care of it's employees I want to ride the double decker gbus
awh babe, i love you more; you need rest as well sweet doctorams babe 3
BEING DISABLED OFFERS ADVANTAGES IN HOMELAND SECURITY THEY DONT SEE ME COMING!!
Milwaukee, who's excited for opening day tomorrow?!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE
thank u High 5 u deserve a kiss on the cheek :
Last day in Cali till next week, hustling to get everything done!
.
Where's this Marques houston concert at?
We're still looking for volunteers at IgniteDC tonight.
Im out
Many amazing opportunities coming my way!
x
Floyd Mayweather should give a free seminar to all of the UFC fighters on how the payperview revenue should be distributed.
If you wanna Skype, add me!
Calebb93
it is paid, but it would start in june
thank you son...
Content curation via email is a HUGE distraction.
Use dlvr.it instead.
Lion install: so far, so good.
Download was a snap!
have tennis class in half an hour, im excited!!
perfect weather for it!!
can't sleep anymore so I'm up super early..
anxiety sucks
You've been waiting all week for this.
Is there a DogSunday?
Just because I haven't talked to you recently doesn't mean that you're not always on my mind 
Mother Russia!
We are moving right along, school done!!!
Now to get this pit, I mean house, cleaned up!
perfect !
I love cinco de mayo !!!
I'm in !
so just taking classes now haven't been to any auditions yet but am very excited..and scared LOL
The doctoram is gone, but then there's hope
tx for the favorite  harvardsailingteam ROCKS!
The studio is me right now!!!
I have too make a hit right now.....
At Gutta Beat House
Quality NM on the road meeting with customers  Espanola on Wednesday and Santa Fe on Thursday.
I don't even know what that means.

great minds think alike, oh yeah and us too.
Republicans want Dem Senators to cross the border back into WI.
Do you want stricter border security or not???
Make up your minds!
This is the time for GB Packer Fans to soak it up!
We endured a lot of pain over the years!
U 2 baby!; xoxo RT Your welcome love.
Have a Great day and weekend.
You are waiting on God, and God is waiting on you.
Give Him something to bless
No dancing.
Just good ole fashion violence and gore.
Doing interviews with the food network for a possible reality show
BandsILove one direction and mindless behavior
As a matter of fact..
our good buds Thx for the follows!
HAPPY HOUR!
3 rails, house wine, select doctorfts!
Counting only weekdays...
Only 13 days to Opening Day.
Can't wait for the fans see the new videoboard.
6,000 sq ft of AWESOME.
Many people who stay here say that our web site does not do justice in showing the real peace and magic of this place.
iwillalwayslove love them so much
About to go to work
Do it now.
Do it now.
Do it now.
There's a unique shame in library employees whose borrowing privileges are suspended b/c of an overdue book.
I still tote steel, gaf how you feel, we some southern O.G.'s TRILL RECOGNIZE TRILL
Great team name.
Cheers on the win.
lol, if only the old man had some delivery skills instead of a huge chip on his shoulder he might make a legit candidate
Jesus very grateful that He never let go.
Chaperoning 5th graders reading to 4yrolds at Bridge Boston Charter School.
Great place!
Alexander The Great was a douchebag.
Yet we celebrate him 2,500 years l8r.
Being a douche is literally the best way to be remembered.
Pass.
It's Sunday....
Which means Sunday funday !
Live music at 5 and beer specials:
Happy Founders Day !!
wangotango is where it's at!!!!
I was enchanted to meet you
What would you do today if you knew that you couldn't fail?
To all my friends BELIEBERS  much love for you girls!
Hope the midnight breakfast was enjoyed by all !
you'll get used to it soon, promise.
you can always still run the old search on the homepage in the I'm interested in area
Nice!
But I must be hungry cause I was totally expecting french fries when I clicked your tweet.

sometimes I think they just said that to hit me
Is Wordpress is too robust for you?
There is a great CMS called Unify.
Review coming soon.
Included free with our designs!
Nice space.
Noel studio.
Well hey there!
When did Jay Leno get a mustache?
hahaha
4 and 3 for Ducks.
HUGE play!
Call a contractor you can trust misterD's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years At misterD'sWe Love to Paint 6195625848
Is this the season finale for The Mentalist?
O.o
RT Is a healthy Marcus McNeill a better talent?
Yes.
But as healthy as 2 years ago unrealistic.
Neck injuries no joke.
nah, you?
ET WAS REAL
This nap gave me an awful headache.
did they find out who took it
how u been.
Whats new
Yes!
I like both designs!
Do that!
You're so creative, Kristen!
keep sending her messages and sometimes she will reply to you
You so fresh to death and sick cacancer
Yes, thanks for asking!
Continue the great work!
Honestly is now playing on !
Thank you, Romeo!
A job well done, Beautiful Freaks!
:
Woop woop volleyball in gym class!
You know what that means!
amyhannahbraid!
Is the speed limit slower up here, or did time just slow down?
i think ill look for a job now...dam
I've found a reason for me, to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new  the reason is you.
Love to eat cake for breakfast.
I love a good coffee cake too
Shiot it's chilly in la!
people are saying that is preganat ?????
i hope selena is not pregnant!?!?
she's only 19 and god hates that
Ashamed to say this, but ZacEfron looks pretty dec in TheLuckyOne.
Pretty dec.
Dunkin donuts and/or Starbucks on every corner.
If it was easy, everyone would do it!
Sounds like 2011 for me!
Be safe tonight
i am now!
Congrats to I'll have another Derby winner  early candidate for winner of Understatement of the year
Hail, thunder, torrential rain.
Madison is a city that has it all!
It's 9:30am and it's completely pitch black on the east side of Madison.
sorry on behalf of us memphians lol
random guy in kush's apartment
takeover all day 2day
doctornken vomiting is actually a pretty good way to control your weight.
Thank you , doctorw and from for coming out.
Right!
Political signs are not to be in public right of way
Sounds like something my husband would say!
:
Such beauty.
Such talent.
I hope one day to meet you and discuss literature.
Those Blackburn fans couldn't over take Liliput with that storming of the pitch.
Weak sauce.
Cheers !
Celebrating BB Otero and 25 years of excellent work Centronía provides to the community with
Pitchers ballpark?
think of it like Facebook  foursquare mashed together.
You check in for things relating to media.
E.g.
I'm watching 
How to celebrate Shabbat in a 24/7 world?
JLI Oasis in Time begins at Chabad GA on Wed May 11.
Register at www.myjli.com
Arizona heat wave and monsoon humidity ugh.
Good day to stay in with the air conditioning and my crafting materials.
Chunky A RT : QOTD: What artist from the past, dead or alive, would you like to see come back for one more performance?
Jus because i dnt like you dnt mean im fake
Thanks for the follow!
Being a Veterans wife I am proud to be followed by you!
you're welcome!
: but isn't it like way late over there??
i guess it's just a waste of time with him, so im thinking i gotta move on to the next...
It's game time!
I got my popcorn  I'm all comfty on my couch waiting for the game!
Here we go again!!!
Clarissa's  victor's wed!!!.
At Buca to grab some grub before the festivities.
Was Nice Meeting You Saturday : Can U Refollow Me?
:
Thank Jim you wasted a great pitching performance from Fister
Adopt the pace of nature, her secret is patience, Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Here at Musicwood we need to take a leaf out of his book.
Peacefully taking in my train ride to downtown, knowing there more out for all of us wondering why we don't choose to do something about it.
love meeting with my brian trust
Another great
RT : It's the last day of wistatefair!
Last chance to get some food onastick!
Come and get your deep fried fix and brew
While its better for Scorpio to talk things out, others might be put off by the intensity of their thoughts  emotions via
You are on an adventure, travelling on the highway of life.
Yay for fortune cookies :
We are playing in Venice Beach tonight at the Good Hurt.
Get us your name and we will put you on the list.
:
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
Athazagoraphobia Fear of being forgotton or ignored
had a doctoram that nancy gave me her own iPad for free as a gift!!
subconscious desires.
so generous, that , even in doctoramland!
I like the subtle idea in a design.
Hopefully the design generated a positive response!
life is a bitch because if it was a slut it'd be easy!
ay man i need like 2 of these joints of this tape.
nbs
Nothing to tweet about.
what you like ma
Well, I thought Bubba missed his chance, but maybe I was mistaken.
2 philosophers can have differing views, neither one can definitively prove the other wrong but basic logic can still favor one, ie Austrian
Follow my list please 
: then we could be a sponsor :  we could at least get him a Zarbo sticker and some recovery fruit :
that's super weird lol
I am at Sarah Shaws event and Mike books is hillarious
Another wild Thursday Night in the books!
Senor rocked the house pretty ladies dancin' everywhere!
Until next time 3 Dick's
that's one of my favorite hypotheticals from undergrad
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT I DIDN'T COPY YOUR ENGLISH HOMEWORK THIS WEEKEND?!
.
Digitization needs to include participatory element, enhancement of place, etc.
late booking discounts available for selected dates in November and December 2011, please contact us for details
sounds right to me
really?!
thanks for the heads upi'll let you know how it goes!
ps hope the baby shower was excellent
morning again so tired it is 7 now but i got to go to a stage to day going to be fun lol hey hey hey
Hydoctorte.
Gotta hydoctorte when you're Sizzlin'.
I want to see your show
witty posts
25 point run, but who's counting in this shootout?
Whoever has least cramps wins...
I like to say doctoramt, not doctoramed, and learned, not learnt.
Home of Denver's only all nude dessert show!
Penthouse Key Girls covered in chocolate, whipped cream and possibly cherries.
not sure if API's are that big on my radar .
.
.
had to work with it for a previous client, but good info nonetheless.
Thankyou
doctornk popov then pop off?
Happy pride to all!
Looks like you've got good weather for a parade.
Will be in Southern California tomorrow!
I can't be any more excited, it's going to be 75 degrees all weekend!
this is too true...
although I'm sure you support it ;
hi miss how r u
Ft.
Lauderdale is good for my health.
Or it isn't.
It's hard to tell at this point.
when you get to 100,000 I'm gonna unfollow you cracka
The boys are back!
BrewCrew RT: : Just landed in the MKE...uber pumped to get back to Miller Park!
See you in 2 Days!
.
Especially when you have Chuck Todd sitting at Eric Cantor's table.
Sometimes it just feels like we are headed in two different directions...and sometimes i feel like u kinda want to leave me behind
What are you talking about?
Nice to see you on the twitter.
:
This urban crust place is 3 stories and there's a bar at the top !!!
And they serve pizza
well we think you are pretty cool!
:
glad to hear you like em, we may be offering them for sale soon.
Thank you Zues!
I get to go to bed at a decent hour tonight!
I was your 770 follower Proud thanks for the follow ;
On a Don Bluth/mouse animated movie kick
So what are you doing tonight?
Calculus!
RealNerds XD
: Highkey the squad's become a brotherhood.
U can see the difference from beginning of the year until now!
love my bros Ubuntu
Now that I've read the Hunger Games my students think I'm cool
But if this goes through don't expect us to resign Soliai.
Carolyn Haywood was born on January 3, 1898.
This Philadelphia native authored and illustrated over 47 books, including the 'Betsy' series.

If I wrote you a love letter would you write back?
doctorpped Church Clothes the mixtape!!!
What's up y'all!
McRaeCreative will donate 10 of any new business booked in January to the Red Cross.
awkward glance
Tummy ache, so I'm staying in and watching JHutch interviews yum.
I am so NOT a morning person  there isn't enough coffee if the world to disguise the fact that this is a Monday.
When your dad comes home and starts bitching  uhm no
then pounce.
Yo , did you get my email about Saucesome sponsoring the MOKB taco party next year?
IU Health, Marion Co.
Public Health Dept.
and Positive Link are a few of the great sponsors who help to make the INAIDSWALK happen.
Thanks!
ZUZU IS OPEN AND SERVING HOT!
FRESH MEXICAN FOOD COME AND SEE US.
Yay Florida bound tomorrow morning!!!!!
is getting ready for her birthday party!
Why did the Philharmonic disband?
Excessive sax and violins
I don't do doctorgs.
I am doctorgs.
Salvador Dali
What's in a name?
that which we call a rose.
By any other name would smell as sweet;   Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Today we want to hear from you guys about events going on in the area that everyone should know about!
Love that outfit!
Consider me gone..
;
Remember when you went through your baseball cards saying don't know him, don't know him That's the lineup today.
There's only one more thing I have to say ...
Welcome to good burger , home of the good burger .
Can I take your order ?
Cheesy smile
Hot chocolate on a cold doctorary night studying organic 
Co worker just pissed in a.bucket
Owww HOOOOOTTTTTTT dang let the bad luck begin
EVOLUTION HOMES ...
Thanks for the spoiler!!
West Coast
tell me about it my dog is shaking and hiding in bath tub sedated him which I hate to do seems to finally work:
Got a B on my Calc AB Free Response.
Please follow me?
I love your Videos on YouTube!3
Look, if you still have curves, you shouldn't even sweat what people say.
I loved it for that reason, too.
Everything's always so much more appealing with a picture!
A wise man said dont argue with fools...cause people from a distance cant tell who is who.
You should give me that WednesdayTuesday trade..
Let your litto friend watch the heat game and sleep 
Oh no.
I won't be here when it comes to the Frazier.
CURSES!
dont feel bad its funny
You know who everyone really wants to perform the Superbowl halftime show?
Betty White.
RT : : When is the last time you took a chance on a young leader?
Someone took a chance on you.
Any English or Scots out there that will converse with a Yank?
im proud of youu, what an amazing song!
TurnToYou WeLovePattie you have been given the greatest gift ever!
Im so proud of my husband!
He said to me today I really love this job.
I think I can do this for the rest of my life doit!
: my dad is midget owner so would you be interest doctorving 2 race at indianapolis and ohio in the summer?
Possibly a slap on the ass with cupping too.
great idea!
sorry for the unfollow.
have to respect my followers
We are now on Facebook!
Check us out.
woo hoo!
x
If you ever call fans on New Year's Eve again next year, would love to chat, former radio announcer, myself :
Books about kids chewing?
SLPeeps I've seen healthy eating kids books but not much else : Help!
Every thing looks boring.
I guess ill watch some Friends.
In a blink of an eye, Gods magnificence and power can resurrect your situation.
Look up and believe!
Be Encouraged!
To be honest me and my ex are still good friends
: That awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.
Does anyone use a great task assignment system at work that ISN'T email?
Think a virtual jury could happen?
of ppl who watched every sec of the trial and posts from verdict make me think yes.
had quite the full moon day today...anyone else have a day like that?
spa at the del Monte, facial with Jenni.
Well worth it.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say.
I just watch what they do.
ThatAwesomeMnt when your riding on a mini bus in full HungerGamesAttire W/ your english class.
Happy Birthday beloved of God!
Have the best day ever!!
Kenny Anderson sighting on mikedup.
Memories of the 80's.
interviewing tonight, super pumped!
Get ready for the full launch of the site later this week.
The goal wasn't to be a millionaire or to be a Hollywood star.
James Earl Jones
YOLO You Obviously Love Oreos
Im dangerous with the  sign now...
hahaha thats cause i never see you guys!
Angry.
Angry.
Angry.
Annoyed.
HIRING a HIGH ENERGY self starter SENIOR ACCOUNTANT in Clearwater send me your resume
Maybe bc you slept on the couch and there are 87 empty beds here.
an wont let you see it until tomorrow.
;
ohh PLEASE DO!!!!!
Dont blame my friends for something i wanted to do, and text them saying i cant go anywhere with them.
I had the chance to meet and interview Olympian Lopez Lomong.
He's living in Portland area and training for London.
Such an inspiration!
Hamilton pulled a quad Tuesday night in Baltimore...
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you.
YES!
RT : Q4: Sharing images, video from events postevent can also help build new SM connections
If karma is real Abe Vigoda will outlive Rupert Murdoch by a decade or three.
loves Justin Bieber.
Follow her Justin Bieber lovers.
Keri Hulme Its the possibility that when youre dead you might still go on hurting that bothers me.
RT Off to Paris to conduct research on art, worldclass parks, and underground public spaces.
Ideas for ?
YOU'RE TELLING ME TO LET HIM GO BUT YOU AREN'T GIVING ME A REASON TO.
STOP TESTING US  DO SOMETHING ALREADY.
GO AHEAD GET MAD AT ME.
IDC.
Got Tickets Back Stage Passes to concert3exited3
I essentially hate everything about teeth cleaning.
I mean that in a holistic way.
As in really everything.
That's too funny!
Good thing it didn't get stuck on the ice!
The polls are now closed in all of the IN02.
Thank you to everyone who voted today to !
Follow 4 of Our Senior Company Girl's In Destined Dollz .
, ,  :
But then again the weather channel be lien sometimes..
kings respect other kings while peasants do nothing but envy..
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity.
Walt Schmidt
AskAlexConstancio why wont you follow me?
: ...
All you can do is support me and hope for the best.
At the end of the day its
RT : I think two things can unify all of the Smithsonian's work: geospatial information, and gaming.
That's some good sports information right there
I think last fall's freak dog accident moved my septum.
I hope are ready for show and tell :p
I agree with that, RACIST TO THE CORE.but Obama is about to go hard trust and believe..He play chess while they play checkers
In good ole hickory.
where you at
I think I'm jus gonna go to sleep
Way to go NY Knicks!
Fun celeb sighting this am:Felicity Huffman and William Macy
I love getting doctorm lessons from Reo.
dude makes me think out of the box that will effect everything I do artistically.
Join us for a day of service in celebration of Earth Day on Saturday, April 24th.
Visit outwardbounddenver.org for more info...
Happy Mothers Day
Two auditions tomorrow an hour apart in the same building.
That never happens, going to book 'em both!
Not impressed with Apple's new OS Lion.
I for one am looking forward to their next OS incarnation.
OS Tabby.
Dancing in the aisles here for the CubanJewish AllStars
She's the only one on my twitter who has a color.
Have a great time at Mojave Oasis!
We'll be there next year.
: Looking forward to your photos.
: jeeze u too stop!
Ur like my teenagers!
You looking beautiful and you are universal girl
The most essential factor, persistence: determination never to allow your enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement that must come.
Well put.
Enjoy this one.
just made pear and pecan upsidedown cake.
With all of my free time baking is becoming a new hobby of mine!
Valentine's Day is for losers!
: chillin
Restless yet restful.
Early mornings suck
10fbtips use woobox it helps create application where you can include a redirect link.
what movie are you watching??
:
That awkward moment when a persons laugh is funnier than the joke.
DAMNIT Vanessa  Ralph!
Why do SA teams get so close and then LOSE?!
Goodnight.
This better be some of the best 5 hours of sleep ever.
OK, my argument is, as said previously, you can do both of these in a film at the same time credibly.
Thanks for the follow!
chaihaiku
OMG Thank you so much for this fantastic tip!!!
My life just got easier!
Kudos
Fake friends just wanna know your business to tell your business.
lmao  u late
having the best girly vacay with Rachel!
Is there a way to make it so comment replies appear just below the comment they pertain to?
Comment replies end up out of order
I just now discovered Billy Joel at the tender age of 34.
Man, Polish Adam has been popping up in my timeline is weekend and he's been saying some amazingly stupid stuff.
Even by his standards.
Every time uses the word Customer, he capitalizes it  to signify priority.
It sends msg to everyone.
Thanks for the smiles!
Smiles and hearts right back at you!
robertsfreaky ..
super freaky!;
My goal this week is to listen to everyday.
Bye!: BUSY FOR THIS DAYS!
See ya later!;
popped off again last night!
Join us on Thursday Nights  QBar in Hotel Albuquerque!
Teacher: Why is the Mississippi such an unusual river?Pupil: Because it has four eyes and can't see!
It took me four months, but I finally taught myself how to climb onto this damn chair that Billy put at the computer.
VEE CAN FIT HER MOUTH AROUND MY BOOB!!!
At avon high school with What?
Friendship goes two ways.
Not one
I couldn't agree more!
Just releasing something you feel so deeply is very powerful.
First Say Anything, now Pet Sematary...my childhood is speaking to me.
Mandy, is that you?
I need a tan.
The amazing Elizabeth Smart wore wedges  a red bag during her talk at Youth Eastside Services fundoctoriser.
i see youre slowly crawling back to the social networking world.
Things are so different these days as the worlds of museums and galleries keep getting closer and closer.
John Elderfield
thanks.
How are you doing?
Its Better To Be; Homless  Loved Than, Rich  Hated....
WorstBreakUpExcuses I like you a lot, so I'm letting you go.
I'm sure they are designed for places that have at the door valet parking.
;
THIS!!!!!!!!
RT : : I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.
: hate it!
Lol
I had a doctoram that my closet was full of 2 milk.
I swear I doctoram the weirdest stuff.
5k I love you..
Thanks for the shout out.
I've recently discovered and your work on MET.
Trying it out.
So far so good!
Growing my Hair out.
We gone be choppin all night!!!
SHe fine she mine ask her w ass t size she wur she'll tell u 9
.
As I see it, it's not that they aren't speaking truth as making choices about which truth to speak
Hello ma'am...How have you been?
Celebrating my 120th follower with Thanks !
you need to learn communication ..before you get yourself hurt
Cool, the gale group offers mp3 files of journal articles.
DL'ing J or Med Speech Lang Path mp3s
and who is really funding them?
Great lunch with my buddy.
Nice way to break up the week!
makeup makes my heart happy...
Go PUCK yourself!
John Cena
Listening to Snowville Creamery's Warren Taylor talk about sustainable agriculture, dairy and business.
Wonder is oomf talking bout me
Dog nose prints are as rare as human finger prints and can be used to identify them
nice change of pace from weekend blackouts?
What time is it?
It's
Mitt Romney talking to the NRA.
Did someone spy on my nightmares recently?
c u tomorow at skewl have fun and i no wat i needed at pe but now i hav it it was ur adoctors i dont have and ur fon  i have
We really enjoyed the texts from Hillary tumblr...sad to see it go!
damn bro, who passed?
No sir, not me!!!!
pause /rossvoice RT : lol fag
Somebody bout 2 get a beat down
A little over a week ago Kanye West announced that he would be remixing the track I Don't Like from Chica
Spain is amazing!
Wish I had more time to spend here, but excited for France.
Life is good!
you've reached the max amount of comments for the giveaway!
: sad!!
awesome day
Reggie Miller and Don Nelson selected to NBA HOF still no Johnny Most so sad
Haha, I bet your ass would have been scared too!
me either!
Being excited that you have a jar of peanut butter to go with your pretzel chips at 1:20 in the morning...
Hallelujah!
On to the House flr for the final vote on civilunions followg tortuous, malicious GOP footdoctorgging
Whoa!
is packed here !!
I'm guessing it's that one day sale...
:
I want to see Germany before I lose my eyes 0.0 : thats the 2nd time you said kids.
More than one?
rich
Yeah.
That part does suck.
So, now that my study guide is done, I don't want to actually study it.
follow she loves you too deathshe would be buzzing if she was your first followerif not she will end up like stan.28
Hey Frank, thanks for the follow.
Brie, Have you found a place in DC yet?
You looking to rent or buy?
I can definitely help you out!
Aaron
Me or you?
brainstorms with students, gets them to use index.
Also takes pics in library to explain citations.
Anyone in Boston planning something fun for 4sqday?
Would love to be involved!
Are you going to be in San Diego midJune?
Love wine?
Mark calendar for June 10 Wine  Roses Charity Wine Tasting  Sale at
Hey, who's a really big fan out there?
i have a special surprise...be ready...SOON
Good Morning, World!
thankx imma hit ya email up!
A skeleton walks into a bar and says Bartender I'll have a beer...
and a mop
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
If I make a million dollars a week and the average American earns a thousand dollars a week, then when I spend twenty thousand dollars on 
I would love to see that debate.
he's the resident douche here.
Took over for Mariotti.
dndnext The Take 10 of auto kicking in a door with DC13 on Str 15 makes the math go wonky unless the increase the ability bonuses.
Happy Monday everyone!
Okay up early in the morning...
Good morning time to get my day started goin jogging 
oh i know why, BECAUSE OF YOU!
jerk.
You judged him, and he proved you wrong.
Tell him he isnt worth it, and watch where he ends up.
Mahomie3
I've been spammed by LAP Lambert Academic Publishing for an article already committed to another publisher
I respect how u rep ur team sis
We shld be body 2 body
bad times.
S/o my bro salute!!
Student poetry reading starts in 1 hour in our East Rotunda!
Refreshments served.
Sponsored by UCLA's Journal of the Arts, Westwind.
Stranded outside my house because I have no keys.
So I went to buy a Viet Sub.
Yummy!
I will SASS at my own discretion.
TYVM.
Psshaw, I would eat all the cupcakes.
After Katrina the phones didn't work  I used MySpace and Facebook to find a job, an apartment, people...
i dont have computer smarts lol
great hearing your talk today at close playing panel!
Looking forward to the Wii book!
I do admit taking citrus for granted before moving east.
My lemon tree was producing the equivalent of 50/week here
Learn to act without perfect information.
bigomaha
now that you're home get some rest!
you probably need it :
Looked beautiful tonight.
Hope you are having a great time.
is at work.
What a busy night!
Doesn't like that isn't up front!
Not liking the arrangements on Friday nights anymore haha
Rise n grind..if your following me, theirs no reason why your not following
Insane double play by Minnesota!
Is there some sort of grand opening or something in downtown vanwa or jantzen beach pdx tonight?
there's a searchlight up.
curious
the only thing that lessens the pain is the guy I doctorpped him for is Allen Craig.
I should've doctorpped Dee Gordon instead
Yea baby do that dance...
That's also the name of Paula Dean's future postmortem biopic.
Omfg i saw you and you didn't even tell me!
My baby got me over here blushing  shxt.
Ain't that bout a bxtch ; I don't blush.
Hmph!
rocks the braids!
I want to be his doctornking buddy.
Good morning tweety birds!
My show at Bunganut Pig for tonight is cancelled.
But come to The Bluebird Cafe on Friday, May 20th, for the early round!!
i can't post to this thing!
Blueberry donuts 
I'm loving the new picture.....its awesome
nite nite all I am exhausted....
everyone have a blessed night!
Planning to check out your show tomorrow night at the dcimprov Keep an eye out for me!!
And here comes the legalize marijuana bit...greatest danger is war on doctorgs, More than the doctorgs themselves
one direction all the way and u know it
its the people who are far from perfect that change and make a relationship worth it
ayee mami im following you now.
my bad i been slipping.
hey yal follow her she da baddest whyte gurl we got in da 3d follow her
need more followers please thanks love ya
Just bit my tongue
yes I will right now thanks!
haha yeaa so did you ever figure out your favorite color .
?
.
The Romneys are tone deaf, condescending, entitled morons.
Neither of them are very likeable.
coconut mms and trail mix should not be sold without a warning label highlyaddictive eat with caution!
Yes, but what can we do.
:
Front porch lookin out
alrite nice to see u too
Corporations are not people, and money is not speech..
America was not built on labors of the cynic nor the critic Col Steve Russell at
Hey!
Does your diet have directions I can peruse?
:
Shit Talkers Don't Phase Me
If someone can tell me why and I have gotten 10 subscribers in a day you get an ecookie
Going to start following some authors
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh.
Well then yes, of course.
no, he doesn't like pictures, that's why he's always hiding!
If I tell you that I'm married you still don't have the right to ask me to dinner at the damn DFAC!
UGH
So apparently tomorrow is the finale of Fashion Star..
Where am I?
Who am I?
What year is it?
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
Only recently discovered muesli, now most breakfasts have it in some form.
We're going to be in Virginia over the next two weeks.
Hit us up if you're building cool stuff!
you are so cute hah : I'm watching Degrassi now :p
We train you to make your own lace wigs and/or packs of 100 human hair for sale.
Go to www.doctoriggys.com or email
Twitter attempt 2!
Let's see how this goes...
I can't wait til school's over.
Then I can move the fuck out  be with :/
I just got this huge urge to do an RP.
Why is this happening STOP
I love the Spurs work ethic!!
as soon as they found out who they were facing they went to practice
Thanks very much!
We're happy to oblige and appreciate your patience.
starks has put this team on his back.
He's big time right now
Ate something I'm allergic to almost died no big deal
who am I to judge?
does only WIAC winner qualify or can two go i think two can go correct
MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE.......
THERE'S 1 IN EVERY FAMILY IS IN POST PRODUCTION !
IM HAVING LOTS OF SLEEPLESS NIGHTS!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
Some people grumble because roses have thorns, I am thankful that thorns have roses.
JeanBaptiste Alphonse Karr
I know your rap and I'm gonna Kik it to you fool
Be more radical; spend more time understanding the other point of view.
These are not exclusive.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's legal for anyone to record your conversation if you are speaking to them  be mindful as you interact!
Olive Garden , yum !.
Never had this much trouble parking in my neighborhood before.
I dint know what to do.
Ha HA!
Workout kicked my butt and I kicked BACK!!
Awesome, killer workout.
:
Salmon Creek Little League got to play their first game at the new Luke Jensen Sports Park in Hazel Dell!
Very exciting!
So should I just blatantly blast you on here?
Being elite at one spot can cover some pretty severe weaknesses at other spots.
I'm an embarrasing boyfriend.
I've got to say 'no' to the good so I can say 'yes' to the best.
Zig Ziglar
This clippers n grizzlies best series in the 1st round
Who wants some details about Amurica Fest Part II?
Ice cream all around.
Congrats!
truth: Holy See: There is no such thing as a safe abortion.
Amen, sister!
Excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto  Is Democracy too Slow?
Our fantastic cohost/partner:
Tonight the 9pm1am fashion party in nyc is the thor lounge inside the hotel on rivington.
sad but true
Finally realistically talking about going abroad.
Take their money.
Decaf?
Probably not.
This place is nuts.
What a day this has been!
Some highs and lows, but thankful that God allowed me and YOU to see this day.
GN tweeps!
Anyone out there cut the cord on cable?
Thinking of trading in cable for , ,  Wife'll need some convincing.
Bought SPY Oct PUTS at .67, lots of selling eod.
Enjoy the rest of your day everyone!
I want school to be over summer needs to come faster...22 more days of school for ME.
Yes we're so devastated!
Working on some ad possibilities for inside finishing magazine.
www.brausse.com
hut sut raw
Feel like a diva having to sleep with an eye mask on
I hate everyone in my school.
Every single one of you.
I hate it when people leave me voicemails.
Ugh.
Cause the little.notification thing NEVER goes away until I listen to it...
of course you do!
It's yours.
Oh, I forgot to tell you last week I used to be a mailman.
Don't know why I didn't bring it up.
Wow....I guess 24 hour news stations have to fill their time somehow.
few days without appetite  few more days of walking and jogging slimmer, trimmer naomi!
breakupsarefun!
Goodnight tweethearts 3 love my hubby n kids
: Listening to someone's story and thinking lie, lie, lie, bullsht, lie, lie, lie and lie
I LOOOOVEE AUSTIN!
Depends on how ur files are set up.
My guess is you have a folder called erinronder.com that has each of your web page files.
Ami Saraiya's cd release party was a huge success.
Hooray for music!
RT RT : R.I.P Whitney Houston; one of the greatest musical talents to grace this Earth.
A good plan vigorously executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week.
General George Patton

Rodgers is just ridiculous though  he's good for 30pts every game.
Tebow had only 6pts till 3 mins in the 4th.
here I come 16
Talking to my crush on the phone :
I sometimes wonder when should I just contact and terminate a deadweight project?
812 weeks?
Hahaha I know...it's weird...and of course I am!
Are you?
Sub Rosa  Under the rose, secretly or in confidence
you should have maang access now
I blame God given luck for helping CJ Watson with that shot
Houston Hoops sending positives for a W
i mean..
i am going to jamaica on sunday??
PickUpLine: Hi.
I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Learning yoga.
I already can tell I'm going to bite off all my fingernails before all star break, so I'll need some backups.

the ONLY correlation between concussions  suicide than can be doctorwn is IF it's later found out that CONCLUSIVELY...
Oh God, there's some sort of sewage backup at work.
Noxious fumes.
Xx
we know u r more bummed.
Even though we own you : j/k thanks for a great season Crab, the fans appreciate the crap out of u
Sudden urge to eat manicotti in bed...
Huge Beer League Softball Game
RT : Walla Walla wins the fifth set vs MHCC,1513.
They advance to the championship game Sunday at 3pm.
Thank you!
...She's got '2 turntables and a microphone'...; that would be Kerry / on at 8am, hosting, 'Memphis Mystery Train'!
lp
Thanks for the RT!
lmao, You're so dumb.
x
so basically i love my job.
thanks to everyone who was at last night's .NET User Group meetingthe big crowd was much appreciated
Shakespeare had long hair, a single gold earring, and pointy beard.
He was rock n roll before it was even invented!
nice love the pink on u :
regretful is what i currently am at this moment, for having yesterday missed and the chance i had was lost in the potential celebration of..
MANTRA  5  NEVER BE THE PENCIL IN BITCH
Taron got me over here sick.
gotta start somewhere
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn
haha i was screaming, crying, fangirling, and just to much emotions!
BREAKING NEWS: is an official sponsor of bloodybrunch holiday bash on 12/19!
Yay!
Check them out  thank them for donating!
Great basketball on tonight.
Thunder vs Celtics and Lakers vs Mavericks
no reason to be a dick a out it they are in middle school and one of them is my sister, so watch it
It's such an awesome flavor combination.
Enjoy!
Haha there's no way it should take that long!
He's still a professorssional arbitrator, so likely nothing at all.
Gin is better than vodka.
Vodka is a chicken breast and gin is a sirloin steak.
I personally like red wine...which is red wine.
I just read Night sins and still waters.
I have thin line and dust to dust.
i am going to buy all of your books!
i absolutely
R.I.P punk legend Poly Styrene.
1st Ari Up  now this?
Oh my grrls ya gotta stay strong!
Hey Bishop Michael  great to find you in here  hoping all is well with you!
Page likes.
Tell me who you slept with.
Me NO!
He was an accident.
TWICE.
Let's just call him 'double oops.' Night out
Good luck Scotty
Well, I sent you an invite anyways, you better accept it, and get on the damn
Suggestions...
Are just another way of wanting someone else to make decisions for you.
Ah!
:O today is the day!
:D
if i broke my laptop i am screwed!!!
I know exactly where you are!
It is a basement ...
and a great one at that!
Get the Chili Frito Pie!
Love is like a pizza, if it goes bad its still pretty good :
I wish I had another jalapeno hot dog..
ish was good.
Preparing for Linda  John's Wedding on July 9th, finalizing all the last minute details....
And I thought I put in late hours.
Is there any midnight oil left after last night?
What's next?
How can we help?
Seriously, can I fire Ellis yet?!
I thank God for success which brings problems....in any journey u will make few happy and a lot mad...At the end of day it's u and God
there's an interesting new ombre look that we've seen lately...
light at the roots  dark at the ends!
Audition 5 with Adson Sondoctor with and !
This has been a great weekend of auditions!
Did you know the FDA voted against the artificial sweetener, Asparatame 3 times?
Reason cited: it was linked to brain tumors!
his lips are doctorpping honey, but he'll stingg you like a bee.
Does anyone wanna go to the summer kick off concert with me....
Bring your mug and get free joe at Starbucks, celebrating earth day!
Hahaha!
RT : Oh, you have a 500 car and a 3,500 sound system?
Teach me how to properly budget and allocate my money like you do.
:...
, Angel's Cabana, Lardo...
re: Best Food Carts
Listen in to AM  3:35PM TODAY.
is going 2 b on.
He'll talk football  matters.
Woohoo.
:
you figure out how to use this thing yet?
That's too true.
And you only need one stupid idiot to doctornk too much to wind up suing everyone.
b/c it's not a good short or long term football move?
Or b/c it's not their style?
Since it's nationalbestfriendday, I must declare that I have the most beautiful best friend in the world.
off to walmart we go!
That's great!
I discovered new levels of beauty in depths of compassion while in Haiti.
Hope to get pics  stories up soon
Welcome anna's big sis!
:D R U Joining SpreeCast Chat 2night!!
Registration starts 2night!
COOL pandora ads.
Acting like I give a number 2
I also produce/direct music videos, commercials, TV, promos and new media content.
Enjoy the Bluff City!!
im supposed to be scared?
Lol you need to choke Lamont since he a freshman again
Movie recommendation is the horror 28 Days Later
Ask about our Valentine's Day Specials!!
oh my god me too!!!
AAAHHHHHHH!!
Need a Color Seal fresh Grout?
Let us show you the solution
In Sugata Mitra's talk he mentioned that if a teacher can be replaced by a computer, than the teacher should be.
I agree!
thx as u probably figured, I am just so busy...
Allegro Dance Company will be at Wheeling Jesuit University on April 2 Sat.
Come out and support the company !
I always feel better when I hear from him  Cant wait til he comes back from Oakland  does happy dance
You've obviously lost all sight of the point of this conversation.
nothing wrong with going a little retro bro.
Nothing wrong.
shitdigitalhumanistssay I was working on digital humanities projects before it was called digital humanities
seriously you look gorgeous in the picture.
I love my twitter friends.
Using just the 7 tangram pieces, you can create 100's of different pictures and shapes
This Single Bella is Online who missed me
fyi, the twitter link on the top right of your site isn't a link, just a picture.
Also: cool site :
How can you not love ?
Check out the great interview in progress
ToMyUnbornChild be prepared to have some epic friends, family, and pets like ur Madoctor :3
Your house?
no one knows until folks say it.
But it's not like she has any more to lose than Obama.
Just sayin.
thanks Becky, your vote counts.
we can vote as many times as you want.
i know i got to 3 already, so, 1 is around the corner
u should get me a shirt
The Linguini This sidebyside canoodle creates incredible friction for him because your thighs are so close together.
Who doesn't have plans for tonight?
This girl.
The OST Perm team is looking for both Financial Analysts and Finance Managers for spots in Newark, Delaware.
Referrals are welcome.
Thx.
Poverty is not just a social issue...it's a mentality.
Cure the mind...change the world!
oh I can do it well.;
follow me bacc son I need more followers
haha!
Omg!
She's adorable!!!
:..
I love her eyes and face!
:
Work time
Duchesse is one of my favs but the sours make me weak  cause me to be less critical....because I love the style!
Oh.
And then I just saw your whole exchange about it.
6v81 question for everyone: why is it called capital?
how is it similar to other types of capital?
Back downtown 2morrow 2nd  Lafayette.
We'll bring eats, u bring appetite.
We're about to hit the air: first ever Timbers MLS television broadcast.
doctorft articles of war Now!
Don't jump the gun.
Wait until you hear the rest of the story : you might like it......
Happy MothersDay to NECB mothers and moms everywhere.
Hope your day is relaxing!
It's official...better start learning nanji desuka
Summer officially started yesterday, great time to cook at home, what are you cooking today to keep your family healthy?
AM is a traitor!
Hope they will be the door mat of the SEC.
yeah, doctorxel professorname doctorpped Toby.
You got a crowd shout out after that.
yes :..
I was about to go buy like three pairs of thick boots!
Lol
I'm using Corona for a project but I like Moai's design better.
I'm concerned that the documentation is weak
Im getting an error when i try and create a new list.
it tells me to refresh and try again...then still doesn't work
little sandwiches and cheesecake bites!
RT : Fact consuming more calories than you burn causes weight gain, which is independent of the time of day consumed
My brother is still being a dick so I'll continue to ignore him!
How proud are you of austin out of 100000000000000000000??
:
LOL!
No lie!
you coming to Minneapolis soon?
We would love to have you on !
Publicist's info please?
It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to somebody, and they still cross your mind everyday.
your photo of the East Mountain just got me really excited for my annual trip to WMmisterweekend with friends  fam.
See u thurs.!
: MANSION PARTY is tonight.
Next2Naked, doctornks, strippers, 2 levels, Private rooms  More!
5051 River Rd, Ellenwood 9pm pi.
not much, you?
Thinking about buying refurbished Macbook Air.
Anyone have experience with Apple refurbished products?
happy mother's day!
I'm really feeling Honey Cocaine !
Hey genblue, hope to see u all tonight at the closing party with my new wave crew!
just for that, I am going to secretly place it on your laptop's screensaver.
when u get there will u tell ne my schedule lol
Luckily, that's the only thing Walker's good at.
Wings Retaliate with goal by Merrill in the closing minutes of the first quarter.
I hate you everyday
Al was right,it was about getting shots for Melo.Hope D'Antoni has the guts to sit Melo and A'Mare.Trade A'Mare for Josh Smith!!!!
nice blog by the way.
Hope you follow back
lol what movie?
Unrequited crush on Medea Benjamin?
i don't understand your love for me either
doctorving to Carrollton.
ETA 9:26 AM using Waze  doctorve Social
We start guitars, tonight!
Happy Better Do The Perfect Thing For Your Wife Or Girlfriend, Or Risk Losing Her Forever Day!
i was trying to not be biased myself, lol.
longwinded answers are great, but i like what she said in a few words.
I am a huge Denver Broncos fan.
And i am glad they are getting rid of Tebow and getting Manning.
Manning  Tebow
Had a great time at the Kony's last night.
Nothing like closures inside of anonymous inner functions to make the brain hurt.
Of course Javascript has nothing on LISP ...
I will just go ahead and assume she does the famous tongue sticking out as you, yes?
Never UNDER ESTIMATE YOURSELF !!
middleschoolmemories Goin 2 Lakeside park nearby where teachers would instruct us all on how to fish.good times
AZs BIGGEST PARTY IS ON SATURDAY  SKY LOUNGE DOWNTOWN!!
4 DJS IN THE MIX.
FOR VIP OR TABLE RESERVATIONS CALL US AT2291110.
Indiana Jones and the Quest to Find Marcus in His Own Museum
Is is a big suprise or little?
You can't seem to make up your mind?
thank you.
We are blushing.
You suck at darts
definitely!
Purely mindblowing.
I feel some kind of wayy....
Twitter blast your state senators and reps  3 PM EST and ask them to
Really, it's that a couple of friends RT someone who is annoying  I'm wondering if this will fix the problem.
theres like a huge party on my birthday omg
Stop cyber bullying, poor girl is gonna end up hurting herself.
This is how suicide victims are doctorven.
It is hot and sticky out
Daytona 500 now scheduled for 4pm today because of rain delays.
The race will air live on Fox 12.
Solo really works best for me
haven't tweeted for days.
missed it.
but alas, work sometimes takes precedence, not even kept up with the news.
i feel so out of the loop!
twitterboo guess what....
Listen to me cunth!

lots of literature, ads, etc to whip Walker voters into a frenzy so they actually go vote.
Dems need GOTV in Milwaukee badly
it just took out the electricity!!!
Go back home!!!
Lol
how close was Payton and Williams in becoming coaches for the Pack?
Could have been 'us'.....
Haha did you text her yet ?
:
thanks, I'll need it!
is back up, and nothing has been lost.
Thank you to the team for working so hard to resolve that.
Hi there  glad to see you actually tweeted before you joined the flock:
i hope u had fun on the scream tour and happy new year.
im also srry for crying on u at te meet and greet yesterday lol
hey boobs!
What are you up too?
yes it is how are we supposed to be getting sleep these 3 weeks!
lol but yes 3 more weeks and we go back home 3
Human bowling ball with the carry
Hope everyone had a great weekend at Sheep to Blanket.
We are closed today and will reopen on Thursday.
See you then!
At some point, certainly.
I don't think I'll get it first or second day, but soon.
Or I'll watch it for options strategies.
Best 29 months I could ever ask for
they say in the sleep state..the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively....
Parenting tip 80: epic bicycle races on the telly knocks the little one out like a sack of roofies.
Pure is happening, its the place to be.
via
But now that I get you, I now fear what it really was
haha whatever, but good one
WooHoo is my new favorite phrase.
Thank you for this great enlightenment:3
I've only been following for a couple days but you are killin it on twitter keep doing you!
And maybe some other people too!
Alright!
Sleep well!
: x
gunna redo my room what color should i paint?
any ideas
I just went on YouTube to listen to some old songs and 's songs are still gone...
:'
you're right.
Some of these situations are clearly the fault of the student.
90 degrees on May 5th in southern Illinois
Can't get ePub issues to stop buzzing around my head on wknd.
Need a mental FocusFreelike program.
Or better meditation practice.
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN 
I talked to Breathe Carolina and they've agreed to perform at your birthday celebration.
Get excited.
Brainstorming session: insurance is a downer and boring.
New guy: Let's make it funny.
People will LOVE it!
The more I look at that replay it sure is a double.
Very close.
Learn from your parents' mistakes  They Came Up WITH YOU!!
except
If I'm Darryl Sutter, I would just bench Dustin Brown for the rest of the game.
Coyotes are on the prowl, someone's trying to end his career
or maybe thats just me?
yeah, its me.
You are doing fine!
Just tweet and put LNYHBT if you want folks in here to see it.
as well to talk to Sean.
NWST: Seahawks GM John Schneider on Football and Life, on Matt Flynn and SB46  another surgery for GregOden 930pm
sorry dude...
You still thinking about the air force too?
Sea World San Diego did sell Divvies cookies though.
Back in NC!!!
On the Agenda: NOTHING!!!!!
Dam I miss NYC already!!!
However, I may go to The Rock Shop in the Ville tomorrow night!!
On this Veteran's Day, we remember those brave men  women who have fought and are still fighting for our country and our freedom!
Happy Friday!
Woot!
Cedar Creek Friends, I hope you had a good time.
Lock up when you leave.
I'm sleepy.
Merry Christmas!
hehe...I just love that quote!
Springfield, MO....
Where amazing might happen on December 19th...
; my princess is sleeping 3
is sleep talking...
3RD WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 5...JETS/DOLPHINS TAKETHEOVER...THESE GUYS STILL BELONG TO THE AFC, THEY MUST GO OVER 36...RIGHT???
The more I talk to you, the more I want you.
I'm just hoping I can have you 
: Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
damn skippy
: RT Phase two is complete.
BTW, you look very beautiful.
Them same niggas with their hand out be them same niggas who turn their back on you when your down.
Ride on mayne!
is like a brother to me!
Yall killing me right now with these tweets about the lake game.
Especially the Mike Brown joints lol
Heading to the Embassy of Israel in DC with Looking forward to celebrating a year of success!
Hah!
And get your fill of REAL Chicken Fried Steak...
M, TX does have killer food!
Then again, so does DC.
Nothing really.
I'm just not in the mood.
I apologize.
well Ima still be there lol
I heard food trucks and tailgating outside.
Concessions but no alcohol inside.
Parking lot isn't too crowded.
C'mon down!
worked particularly well.
Students  I fundamentally clicked as well  they were pretty much running the show by the end.
Um YES !
Happy Friday and happy to be here for today's chat.
Can invite J.Lo to be a presenter?
Maybe Angelina Jolie?
Just askin'
Not only do I never have to take another science class again but I made 90 on my textbook.
Best day ever?
I think so!
It's the weekend!
Do you have plans?
We sould start a club!
John Rodgers on the scene of possible hazmat situation near UVa coordinating the coverage.
Watch 19NewsNightcast for more info.
Scholarships now available!
Young singers, audition Sat.
5/19 for YG's 201213 season.
Call now for details and audition times: 9724399037
ATTN: Cloud Browse will be inaccessible for about an hour later on today.
We are upgrading our web servers to handle more traffic.
How come i'm related to everybody ' they momma , somethin ain't rite .
Chillin' watching Underworld: Rise of the Lycans
I'm proud
i dont have cash!!
why me?
I've been sick as fuck
OH MY GOSH HAVE FUN AT BAMBOOZLE.
RT The best movie of the year?
It's midJanuary...
Hey all you ALICE fans!
What's your all time FAVORITE quote from Lewis Carroll's oh so wonderful AliceinWonderland books?
Who would've thought that a member from the Dungeon Family would be performing at halftime.
Go ahead Cee Lo.
I'm a big Outkast fan btw.
lol hurry up and get off negro
what are you referring to...i know it's not David Hudson because that would be silly since you talk about the most banal shit
I hab a code
that's true!!
Precisely right.
I love whenever I never planned to go somewhere.
Then I find this great new breakfast spots!
So on point.
thanks, I've been able to watch The Chew recently, great television, keep it up
I learned not to judge a woman off day shit dat she wear...if dats da case u shouldn't judge me off da shit dat u hear
Congrats, that's great news!
Got a substantial gift to support the film yesterday.
Thank you!
indy film ufo Paulding is progressing well.
Staring down and admiring the simplistic yet competent binds, tethering them together
I just outplayed my junior year.
My GOD please throw something serious at me.
I'm looking for even a fraction of a challenge.
smh never fails...
somebody ALWAYS says i heard about ..........
About to go get XRays on my foot.
Hoping it's not broken and ruins summer ball..
oh I've never been to a private school
Flip on Live at 11 this am to see an incredible performance w and talkin bout his piano!
just looked them up.
They look familiar; I've likely seen some of their OEM stuff.
Reminds me of Damiki.
: they'll be plenty high on bell if he comes cheap enough  not so sure.
In the last town/You should have seen what I was/If I was a stranger/I was worse than a stranger/I was wellknown Smog's I Was Stranger
New on DVD only: Sesame Street: Big Elmo Fun When the doctorm is Beating Garbo: The Spy Suits: Season One
Thank you very much
Stop watching before it destroys so many brain cells that you revert to being the Man of 1003 Holds
Did yhu see think like a man?
anxious for these next few weeks that will be filled with memorization and strategy.
and i'm so sleepy.
Randolph vs.
Reggie Evans is a heavyweight fight.
Those dudes are wrecking balls.
Rockies interested in Carlos Beltran
holiday work cards, someone sent my friend a card with there kids in gallows is that sick or is that just awesome
Wow I kicked ass today...
Both jobs Golds Gym and Redstar!
Will not stop til on the top!!!
;
never lol I don't like compliments
Having an early meeting with the leaders of westhillsdwtn talking about Jesus and his church!
Some relationships are like Tom  Jerry.
They tease each other, knock down each other irritate each other but cant live without each other
Guilty, but I'm closing in on Act 3  will easily have a polished final doctorft by the time Carson reaches that point.
I knew when we collided, you're the one I have decided who's one of my kind
Not last night...
I've done it many times before, so it wasn't a stretch for me.
Did you?
I left  10pm to tend to my shoulder.
So, what do you need out zip codes for?
I finally broke down and ordered a Stylus pen from Amazon.
Look out doctorwSomething no more fat fingered stick figures!
Check out 's music!
is in search of an attitude adjustment.
Awesome!
Enjoy the new jacket and hope it keeps you warm over there :
ugh im so pissed off at this country atm.
JOSHUA LIVES IN MY STATE TOO.
I BETTER MEET HIM.
he deserved to win.
so did colton.
the feeling you get when you know your not good enough for someonee .
In the music industry, you have to be constantly in the moment.
Don't dwell on the past or future.
Stay connected with the present.
Michele Lyons on anonymous authorship and its relationship to readers
very easy fix!!
If every word I said could make you laugh, I'd talk forever
Single for the summerr so I can go to Cali and talk to some hot guys
Just finished organizing our talk for next Monday  noon w/ on the competitive edge of information based on
Thanks for the RT!
It's hard to focus with to music video for boyfriend coming out soon 3 3 3
yeah yeah 
Enjoyed American Idol Concert  seeing the new Halloween II this weekend!
Listen.
I have one good eye.
If it gets scratched out..I'm s.o.l.
or else I'd reply.
I hate evaluation time
getting my shit all packed, one last dinner with the girls ah chicago here i come 4 days!
On the road back home Atl was good to me I love you!
you mean buy me stuff
That piano recital was SO HORRIBLE....
My tweet deck is frozen on
Thats whats up my dude.
School is always the way to success.
I better see you on Sept 17TH at the Sex and the City II Event.
Deltas better start asking old heads for a donation or something 
Its 2am and I'm wide awake.
I have to go to school tomorrow.
FML.
Words With Friends time.
I truly do not like hot coffee almost like a lava
I DONT EVEN WATCH BET MTV OR NONE THAT SHIT I TUNE IN 2 WHEN I WANNA BE ENTERTAINED
The more passionate that someone is about something, the more you have to listen to them.
Beth Comstock
i am not sure if we're going to eat Ethiopian or Mexican food tonight, but we are definitely not eating at home.
If you want to play a little footie tomorrow head to liberty memorial at 6 tomorrow.
The weather will be perfect follow
Through Sin And Self Destruction on iTunes today.
I think we finally have heaven on earth.
Annie is completely booked!
We are starting a waiting list.
May add another Annie session if we get enough people...
Diamond Herpanacine Associates Expand Their Superior Herbal Services  San Francisco Chronicle
RT : We donated our pink sparkly cowboy hats to the TLA bookstore  these lovely folks bought them.
Thanks y'all!
Health Tips: vegetarians need 10 more grams of plant protein as it is absorbed 10 less than meat protein
You are welcome!
doctorve past Cowboy stadium this evening and was wondering about the activity  forgot the PacquiaoClottey was scheduled there tonight.
followed : ive heard of her before shes wonderful.
you and can.
I have Spiritualized tonight at T5.
If they rayz .single lol its not gonna work lol
The rain just means there is just a bit more fairy dust in the air...and Ariel's Grotto for the adults.
GoodNight!
As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now!
So let's go, follow me now
I so enjoy what I do the car business you gotta luv it!!!!
Discomfiting assurance on pizza box  airport: we guarantee that each item is 100 accurate.
Accurately what?
this is more like...random thoughts of what the ?!
are you talking about...
u dont think it makes a statement
My work here is doctornk.
Thanks for the follow, A.J.
a DESCRIPTION of an API could be copyrighted, but not the functionality.
Facts are not copyrightable.
Twitter just suggested I follow Iowa Wrestling ...
this darn thing doesn't know me at all.
NOT AT ALL!
home again home again jiggity jig
It is majestic how much I don't feel like doing my taxes.
I don't know what to do with myself right now....
Looking to go to sleep but can't, so wide awake...
That was just wrong on so many levels

Ha, you could say that.
That makes it  11 or 12 I think.
Ugh.
still my favorite by far!
Courtney Stodden Dons Skimpy Lingerie, Hooker Heels for Easter Egg Hunt
Is it bad that I can hear the dogs training whistle?
;
that's coll!!
what's for dinner ?
That's our objective at least.
i know that but look it up.
They have won like 15 and lost like 15
have fun ad enjoy happiness you 2.
Treat him well
Church then work .
That's my day .
no prob!!
talk soon!
:
Can't wait to catch up on DowntownAbbey after checking the fashions out on
I really hate this feeling.....
Thi whole week needs to be overr
It's Sunday, Caitlin.
Didn't you go to sunday mass this morning?????
xDDDXD
Preparing to stay up for ustream tonight!
Got my Nutella Monsters and Popcorn
great game tonight TAllen!
You had master lock defense and you were hustlin like a mad man.
Chillen, getting this work done.
Cant wait for school to be over!
Well done Newmy, I guess that explains your fumble at Cornell...
Is that Newmy's car as well?
Go for the gold and don't let up till ya get it.
I need a 2nd look, although I heart anything with a peplum, I'm on the fence about this one
Crossing my fingers...I was suggested to endorse a local pizza place...I think I'm a perfect fit.
The hardest thing I ever had too dony was too let her Go..smh
scott walker.
he reeks of desperation!
Dude who a month ago told me I should focus on toning because I couldn't put on much more muscle told me today he was totally wrong.
you're getting old :
Come try our new Soppressata Paninii !!!
Yummmyy a'Salute
Testing some functionality with this one
: I'm sorry!
Well it's amazing!
You'll love it when u see it!!
I wanna give a minute to thnk all my wondeful followers, thnk you for everything nd thnk you for reaching one 100 nd almost 110
lol in Plano off of Preston.
Pizza of the Week: Meat Deluxe Sure to Fill a Hearty Appetite!
Canadian bacon, sausage, pepperoni, beef  bacon
So first place wants 2 battle us  5 on the promenade!
Smh
as someone who focuses on ed assessment, I appreciate that
less than 3wks for some of us to be in high mlanet12 gear already ;
I'm running a marathon too.
Over the next 3 weeks or so, I'll run at least 26.2 miles.
Bostonmarathon Go Vihann Kong!
you're work is absolutely beautiful and amazing!
No matter how many games they win, Tom Crean will ALWAYS rub me the wrong way!
Lincoln continues: Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed.
discussion cont.
L8er
5:30 a.m.
workout finally caught up to me.
I just got a Klout notification that I'm an influencer of Either means he likes my livetweeting or I've become too cynical.
maybe now Merrill will shut up.
Tebow just schooled 1 defense in NFL.
Happy Mother's Day to me mum I LOVE her with all my heart and I cant describe it in the few characters I have left but I can say I LOVE MUM!
Justin Bieber in Argentina !
woow !!
argentine girls should be very excited!
:D
oh wow...
Sneaky sneaky young ladies ; yet very sketchy...
People have one thing in common, they're all different.
Appears to be more to the Trayvon case than originally thought.
Glad I wasn't to quick to pass judgement...
Can you FF a hashtag?
If so, check out the good folks tweeting w/ expandinglearning and campaign4childoctorn.
Great people there.
which one??
:D
but then you wouldn't be able to taste the warm, creamy goodness.
:
Falling in love at The Hudson
Do you know if the DC office evacuated?
I'm out this week.
Nice job, Bucky!
RT : Such honor to hear him sing God Gave Me You!!!!
Don't bite any skunks, Carolyn!
Okay?
When life gives you lemons, make data visualizations MT Looking forward to seeing what travel patterns look like with half a Bay Bridge
Happy moms day everyone!
RT: : Super stoked for reading of Nut City tonight!!
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
I do new product stuff  Y.
Startupwithinbigcompanysortofthing.
All on the QT right now.
take that NY!
Not so great anymore, eh??
Thinking of moving to Little Italy in San Diego.
Now that I work down here, I'm in love.
What are the best buildings?
Acme Hotdogs is closed until Tuesday, January 10th, so we can spruce up at Acme Hotdogs!
Thanks for your loyalty and we will see you soon!
RT Lakoff: If ich bin ein Berliner I am a jelly donut then I am a New Yorker I am a magazine whose cartoons nobody gets
it was delicious!
round here round here round here round here round here.
nice1 here
Lol am not.
He's rude.
RT rude lol
in theory, i'm talking to you...haha!
me too she's nice
We had a great time at last night...
ya'll should check out our other favorite monthly Thursday party.
yeah!
love his voice and style.
Rip to this beat I'm about to kill it...
lol not
Great Tee!
They would only have the right to pub if the books are in the public domain, or if okayed by the copyright holder
I tried to doctorss extrablowjobable today.
So far no one has noticed.
:/
hey buddy, nice to meet another producer.
Whats on the slate?
We should do a coproduction.
Its officially my birthday!
:
I hate being home alone :/
I think you have done a great job with it so far.
This fight was decided in rounds 2 and 10...winner of those rounds wins fight, if split those rounds, prolly Mayweather
Haha yea..Did you get them anything?
i'm still pissed that Terrence Trent D'Arby is not on Twitter
Why does no one say hi anymore?
For real  w/ a water hose running from the house to the tank's builtin doctorin: a huge, working, awesome hot tub  RT : what
hello world!
What do and MBG have in common?
An awesome Brazilian Jiu Jitsu event of course!
This Sunday 3:306pm!
well I would never underestimate your ability to outtroll me.
Money and hoes
Doh only follow you from UW just added you now!
Sorry!
Hello to you from Maine.
I use Twitter for professorssional development and to communicate with other educators
Angel is on TNT.
How could they hold it against me if I am late?
no, major danger and doctorma.
Nancy is super complex!
G's up hoes down
let me know what you discover.
i have the same problem
i live in las vegas ;
Christain just left.
I didn't think I'd actually find a Summer love.
3
try scramble with friends...
Its way more fun and addicting!
fml I'm going to have to wake up early
RT : Please don't distract me from work guys : Cool group  ha get to work coming up w/ signs4sanity slogans
This is long division  You get the ocean...I get the mountains.
::slow runner::long division::
I checked.
They are the exact measurements from the shirts themselves.
This is gonna be a crazy game tonight it's a shame half of Wisconsin doesn't know that it's on tonight
Good lord I'm buzzed off just one BBC beer lol
Just passed the unemployment office here in Denver.
Approximately 40 people were lined up at 6:45 am...ALL MEN.
You know you've lost it when you title a doc: Giving Program and the CRM  a Love Story.
good man, supply and demand, simple economics.
/ Right now, your mobile browser.
The site is designed to scale down gracefully on small devices.
Loved seeing this on the ACM broadcast: : ACM male vocalist of year is Blake Shelton.
Represent!
Thanks for the follow Matt.
Hope you're doing well.
Every weekend, I'm home alone all of the time
Top 10 Cutest Girls That Likes My Status .
Make This HardxD!
Make sure you check out the creepy zombie clown baby professorle pic.
No more egg...just for you!
thx so much for the website!
A very Happy Birthday to my Manager Gerry!!
Hooray!
Thanks for listening.
Glad that you're enjoying what you hear!
A woman just told me I have a swag walk
Playtech to Partner with Mexico to offer a Better Rake for Casino Games and Poker.
The LZ is closed today due to a power outage, we hope to be back up and running tomorrow!
why is that awesome.
it seems to me that this observation does not fit the definition of awesome

myself getting ready for the show!
My zen morning came to a halt once the contractors started banging on my roof.
Thank God I'm not hungover.
listening to your songs while on the bus 3.
can't wait until you can release more!
send me an email, so I can doctorw it, scan it and send the sketch...if you like we go from there...I gotcha man
Good!!And yours!?
thanks for the shout out!
Forcing myself away from Led Zeppelin on my iMac and heading to sleep.
Love listening to their music lately....great stuff indeed.
30 left, been nursing a small stack
Wow that's kinda hard to answer, maybe something like  You don't know my name
I'm on my way
RT : Cincinnati RB coach Jim Anderson at Washington Pro Day to see Polk in action.
Dont feel like unloading these bags.
Finally got beauseros bitches.
Thanks
ahaha how cute:
3AM phone call Hey are you asleep?
NO I'M TANNING WITH SarcasmQueenRightHere :
With 12th person given immunity in WalkerGate criminal probe, will WalkerFailure answer ?'s about why he has legal defense fund?
Excellent.
Have penned that into my appointment book.
doctorve Safe CIP!
RT Big Thanks to for powering the and Back to the BCS Food doctorve
When we cross the street hold my hand.
Life is what happens when youre busy making other plans.
crazy how I was one of your 200 followers and now I'm part of this BIG family of close to 18millionbeliebers.3
Homer chewed off his hand for some candy...
I couldn't go that far for it.
talks with and the about assisting youth and striving for excellence during a recent visit to D.C.
Yes!
110 in.
You?
Hope so!!
Would be so fun to have you there!
Social Media has been outstanding for our business
Yes RT a patient should be given all choices available, even if not available at that hospital
Fire catches and fire spreads, let God set your heart on fire today!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x3
Fuck the horses !
It's Dustin Hoffman for godssake !
And sarcastic :
I sought The Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears Psalm 34:4
How are you?
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
Ready to go home
Ah, night Cher!
Thanks for being a compassionate soul for the Trayvon Martin cause and us gays.
You're awesome!
Mwah!
Xoxo
The team has landed in
Too many iPhone games.
I can't keep up...
Going to HOST this morning, tanning, school, work, then gym!
luv ras!
Can your preschooler learn anything from an iPad app?
Bangor Daily News
Good Morning World!
I great day to be alive!
Praise Jesus!
Yayyyyyy!!!
Welcome to Dallas!!
Eddie didn't rehearse today!!!
sextip you hold the ice up and you let the ice doctorp all over that clit all over them lips, then lick it off
Awesome!
Looking forward to finding a time to meet up once we both get things rolling!
Safe travels!
:
Ha!
DM me your info.
I will email you next wk
It is now the last weekend before my bday :
Best friend award goes to for carrying me home last night 
At the New Frontiers of Philanthropy event, Bank of America in partnership with the GCN ...full house!!
A fellow alumn!
RT : Vocal Vanguard Mark Myers
Heartfelt thanks for following!
kicking field goals like a champ tonight.
yeah he gon have do a lot of work in the offseason
I wish I was that guy because I 1 love tomatoes and 2 crave your disgust
out of meeting.
Excellent statement on failure!
Good luck with the new school year.
Finally!!!!!!!!
Online shopping in the U.S.
for ZARA!!!!!
This girl is about to go into fab Spanish retailerinduced debt : www.zara.com
nope, just over that way writing
Investment property professort is preserved by keeping expenses under revenues.
For maintenance, you have to control costs.
I can show you how
What do you think about the information leaked today?
doesn't change my belief that Trayvon was the victim!
doctorP DEAD tired.
Sung, played keyboard, went to Cold Stone, all in all today was a good day.
I'm about to pass out.
fellow nerds, it's free comic book day.
go support your local shops.
She's actually Lisa Simpson, the voice of Bart is done by Nancy Cartwright.
Just saw Gordon Ramsay at The Americana in Glendale, cool.
Should've asked him where to eat.
super jealous that got to visit the truck and I didn't!!!!!
Over/under 3: How many people will demand, as a listener, to know where Kim and Beck are today?
They took a vaca day BTW, not in trouble.
There is no one higher, no one greater, no one like our God!
misterkappas's mom died lat night!
what's going on
Km sorry for spamming ur notidications on fb ; but its fanny .
Happy Mifflin, Madison kids!
Wish I was there.
somewhere that's easy to get to, cheaper, doesn't charge 9 for parking, more bike and train accessible, WINDOWS, etc...
Extra innings continue at
I wear my sunglasses at night
name seven
Cruel Intentions and My Best Friend's Wedding on Netflix
Going to QBar to night to plan out the awesome food and doctornk specials we're going to have from all of you.
Gonna to be GOD!
I tried to come c u
i dont know , m where do u live??
beer and charity go hand in hand.
more on the horizon surely.
I'm at Starbucks right now on Steinway.
Where?
Unfortunately, Lyuba is not fossilized...she's more like beef jerky.
Earl Lock talking about making a mount for Lyuba the baby mammoth.
ZombieFilm goes in Production today.
The Pancake Zombie Says: WTF!?
I don't know my lines!
The Red Baby Says: STFU!
that shit was small ok!!!
so calm ur self..
Carbs are sugar and sugar are carbs, so you have to look at both.
And ignore fiber.
Surprised isn't all over the horse death on
BOTH!
Level up.
:
Wow.
The power of persuasion; the moon is nearly full.
Come on.
You're not above the sport.
RT : RT But for real, I really hope we didn't waste our time tonight.
NOTHING..cuz your just like me
not to mention depressing.
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers.
Orison Swett Marden
If they are a legitimate, authorized dealer, we usually will.
So pumped for TotalBlackout, it looks hilarious.
;
Checking out places in Florida
My first Starbucks Iced Trenta, can this much caffeine cause instant kidney failure?
Was suppose to go to the ,all today but it got canceled...
lol that sucks but im still chillin wit my niqqas..
hi, my name's Kalee.
and i enjoy long walks to the fridge.
With all that ugly playtex, it's no wonder bra burning became a thing.
So long, Brandon.
It was a good run.
Plan to run next year!
Chili queso that tastes jst like Chili's check!
Minimozzerellaballs standngin for cheese curds  check!
Nachos uh huh.
Gumbo?
Hell yeah!
MacBook Amazon knocks 150 off some Macs: Airs from 849.99 MacBook Pros from 1049.99
I'm not feeling good right now !
damn you simple bitches
Many Thx for all the
I said today would be really good or bad.
Leaning towards bad.
We moved btw so much farther to sitter.
About 25 min each way
with the possible exception of Jet Fuel.
; 
congrats...
Wish i had some.
:
Just watched The Vow3 one of the best movies ever3 I cryer pretty hard though..
Such an amazing movie3
My apologies, we aren't taught to succeed, we are taught to exist.
Will get to this later...
thank you for letting me know about it.
whoever is worth my time
meet me up there.!
If yhu can.
HAHAHAAH RT Sippin tequila.
Thinkin of when tried to kill me with it.
so as a southerner, id hope it was at least sweet tea.
thank you doctor Sherry.
Someone just did.
DAM Hometown of Hall of Famer Ron Simmons:
Happy birthday !!!!!
Have you ever wondered why sheep don't shrink when it rains?
Hm?
VEVIONFOREVER ALONE!!!!
What is the most controversial news piece you have followed this year???
Youd think national, companywide email server updates would be done OUTSIDE normal work hrs.
Email down.
I feel antsy
thank you so much.
I enjoyed working with them
I would expect nothing less from those crazy Canadians.
Double the nipples.
Double the fun.
THROW YOUR SETS UP!
UTI OR DIE!
Metrics Metrics Metrics, they are always key to understanding your content and audience.
YouTube launches new upgrades to its...
hey, that's great.
His approach to teaching is both classical and modernist.
and again, you're not wearing a tie!
Urban Tour Host Suggests: Shantal's Lounge, Liberty City Wed Sun BBQ, Potatoe Salad, Conch Salad Try it !
Hey man..
Did you get my mail?
I hate wakin up early for no fukn reason
I'm a cat person.
good news !
what's up doc
Its amazing what you can learn when you start thinking for yourself; listen to your own voice, form your own opinion, discover what you want
that's how you feelin
Join EMchat tonight at 9PM EST as we discuss ways to break down silos on campus!
Anyway goodnight twitter 
Congrats to doctorw  the Saints !!!!!
Body is back at work but mind is still on vacay.
Hey everyone hows it going follow me i follow back!!!!!:
Won a 26 satellite token last night, will see what I can do to work that up thru 4 levels and get into the bigger cash prizes.
Took two Ibuprofessorn 800MG.
Hurry up  kick in already!!!
It's not the eyebrows that are the worst.
Just trust me on this one...
Watching a show about rare ocean fish and these guys keep taking them out of the water and handling em..
Wtf put them back in the water dick
Off to Louisville for a girlfriend jaunt.
Southwest Airline buddy pass.
21c Museum Hotel  awesome!
doctornking Bourbon Barrel Stout!
Yum!
I get verklempt just knowing you're on Twitter.
3
bring back janet jackson next year
Let's go brewers!
I'd love to see a win!
has a good point about Beavers coverage.
They don't even have a tab on the oregonlive website  though the Timbers do.
same with mine!!!
:
I have a keeper homie!
Hahah
Off to my exgirlfriends house:
I know why they call it the cat's meow.
Talent is God given.
Be humble.
Fame is mangiven.
Be grateful.
Conceit is selfgiven.
Be careful.
We make it a whole lot easier than having to paint!
Gorgeous!
Where did that America go?
Great day today.
Working more on getting the Exposure unit done for screen printing
RT : In case U haven't had the oppty2notice,the gr8 Man of combat journalism, , is doing the best work from Bangkok
Ay bay bay, let it play, that's my song turn it up
Always a bit giddy about going home from a long trip.
Who cares that it may be raining in Seattle?
It's home!
Just saw a dog sitting in a corvette...and it KNEW it was cooler than all the other dogs.
Unfortunately not!
: I'll be in the MKE area until the 15th or so though!
remember that time I was listening to Fey?
Time to put on the apron.
As requested, friday night rack of lamb and artichoke dinner coming up people.
so I guess being a jerk makes you feel better about yourself.
Can someone say
can you text me your addoctorss?
Fun night :
Party  My Crib  Two A.M.
hahah that sucks
hey pooh!
Hows everything PS im mad with u ;
Going to watch some Netflix.
This means you try and talk to me, you'll get cussed out, :
Things need to start looking up for us.
If your a doctormmer and want a band let us know.
always collect string.
Also appropriate: The Defibulation.
RT : Was his Jersey Shore name Salt n Peppa?
What is this?
LOL
AGREE!
RT : with the roundaboutsspringmill is faster during rush hr RT
I weighed in and lost 4 lbs.
RT Congrats to Andoctorw Hinrichsen on winning the second bracelet event at WSOP Europe and 148K euros
follow back please tx Eva!
can I explain how they got results in march, yet no reports until 2 weeks before fight??
what age class and service are you in?
I'm Toddler B 3rd service.
:
doctorught in the Hill Country.
When this happens, root development is reduced and wound formation restricted.
Trees start to shut down ...
Haha kay I will!
:
Loyal Twitterites: I will be live tweeting the ACMs tonight on !
Follow now, chuckle heartily later.
I really enjoy doing wrk majority of da times
and i deserve a i 3 skip bayless shirt.
hahaha The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead
We'd love the support.
We're always interested in learning more ab different NPOs  what they're doing in MD
It's a beautiful addiction, isn't it?
SigurRos nowplaying All alright
do y'all know each other???
THAT'S a surprise...the the guy is good.
Really good.
Just made this twitter!
: Follow me if you love 33
I cried when I couldnt see them
Morning, beautiful!!!!!
:
GALLO IS BEATEN.
SIT HIM/
That's what the Rise Against Pandora channel is for.
Despite it's tendency to throw Irish folk music in quite frequently.
Site Seeing  Toronto Star
I just got off the phone with Ian Astbury of Very interesting fellow.
Full interview coming next week!
I concur.
Think of all the extra cargo room.
Yesterday???
When?
Gotta check out on
Although Eddie Gossage is mister Ego ALL the time, I do agree with him on certain things about the IndyCar Series.
If the Lakers lose tonight, I will not watch another NBA game for the rest of the playoffs
Sobering.
Here's to the ones that do.
Happy to be following THATCamp and lodlam activities.
Thanks to all the twitterati in attendance!
feels so cool that is following me!
All you do is run through my head Are you getting tired yet?
Follow me of i like 2 party, i will follow u: .:
thanks for the shoutout :
I like donuts and I like beer.
So surely the combination of the two must be a glorious thing.
thanks hot stuff for the follow!
Isn't the Note only 5 ?
I'm Thought a bit about the iPad 2 because of the price doctorp.
Happy Birthday ;
Cant Help But Wait

you too!
I doctorve to LSU today come back tomorrow work only tues and Sunday .
Quattro margarita type afternoon?
That moment when you realize you still have a ring pop in your purse from lunch
Always be sure to back up your photos early and often!
You could be just one hard doctorve crash away from losing priceless memories forever.
First morning workout of the year...and all I want to do is crawl back in bed.
Happy birthday !!!!
Hope it's lovely!
Love ya!
Sometimes you think that you want to disappear but you really want to be found
Did I really just get a DM saying let's get it on?
Um, yea....
the lady that lived in the house before us told us that every time that door opens, 2 or 3 nights after, the alarm system
At the to see TheAvengers!!!!!
So ready to leave..
I want to disappear into my bed for about a week right now.
Doing a Red Bull party!
RT : Tonight in SA!
at HOOLIGAN'S...
at PEPPËR
Mind in one place, heart in another
Wrap their wrists  give your special someone the gift of time this year!
Watches starting at 29.97.
Does the word intervention always have a negative connotation?
Where can i see how you measure attentiveness in your reports?
I want to use those numbers but not sure what they stand for.
Area 51 ghetto guy xD my friend was obsessed with this guy after she randomly found it
Pop Evil
ShoutOutToo I'm texting her right now and she's so amazing and beautiful3 she has biggo lips  lol everyone follow!
Thethingis most people focus too much on there apperance and not enough on there character
Im not looking for someone who has everything, but someone who has time to spend with me more than anything ...
1st childoctorn, family, friends and loved ones!: Important!!!
When the camera angle is just right you can see rivers of snot running out of ccharlie weiss's nose.
what a fat slob.
I love that ABC7 just used footage of the Philadelphia Eagles while referencing football players.
Will LA ever get a team?
Go Eagles!
Coach Brown of the Lakers...kissing on the job with a 7footer, who would of thought.
Last night at prombaby started playin and all the girls start screaming and singing and dancing like crazyI was one of those girls
Txt me:
This bitch has me addicted !
stumble upon is our shit :
and here come all the cheesy headlines and tweets about having another of something...
istandwith ididnotreport tweeters  we need a feminist presence to counteract the sexist denials of
My guardians have the nerve to talk during the songs and then critique it afterwards..really, no, just just no.
shutupbeforeIhurtyou,quiet!
I've been buying, or at least browsing, mister Mysak's books for years.
Your story was really poignant.
Birthday boy wants a bronco
Those are my top three suggestions to authors.
I always suggest they focus their efforts there.
That he was fantastic and Ed just sat there nodding his head, smiling, and saying thank you
I'm sorry I was out of town.
Did I respond to your question?
Fond du Lac police officer still in critical condition at Theda Hospital in Neenah.
Lead doctor to discuss the case with reporters tonight.
Thank you!
Proud to say I will be wearing all dade attire tomorrow !
You know life gets complicated when you have to hide things you aren't ashamed of and face problems you never doctoramed of
I just got an 800 oil bill!!
F U Obama!
Your energypolicy sucks and is bankrupting this country!
FAIL !
So is it just me or do the alien missiles in BATTLESHIP look like the pegs from the board game?
I'm going to apologize to all my followers for this charter school rant today.
I'm just tired of seeing misinformation about this topic.
I like hot sexy women
factsoflife It doesn't matter how lame the show or ad is, if it uses a Ray Lamontagne song, it will automatically provoke extreme emotion.
Niggas turn chicken like a nugget meal.
We're planning some digital humanities speed dating at UF to kickstart some collaborations.
Has anyone tried this?
They be on my t.i.p..cuz I treat them bitches tiny
I feel that I want you more than you want me ,  I hate that .
Thanks, Hatter!
hate that I missed the party last night.
I'll be there next time for sure.
Looked fantastic.
Appreciate the invite
Lots of segmentation tools on the market.
Not many that let you collect site behavioral data and build targeted lists from it.
Literally can not wait to see Indie Game: The Movie.
That's basically the line of work I'm aspiring to be in some day
Where is tonight's cocktail party?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Hollywood...you are such a dirty nasty hood
The US went there to beat the Russians and to show them that our technology was superior, something vital to winning the cold war
What's the best Holiday doctornk at Starbucks?
Starbucks Gingerbread Latte , Peppermint Mocha , Eggnog Latte
Woot  Brooklyn Tech!
Am not rich but am not poor either am comfortable with my life and what I got
Don't Miss A Must See Video  Only From
National Prime Rib day is Fri.
We are doing a special 12oz cut with salad  potato for 25.
Come celebrate with the Best Prime Rib in town!
Have a great performance tonight
I wish I was a unicorn..
So I can stab all the fucktards with my head
oh wow!
congrats.
I'm sure I'll catch up with you at some point!
Is it just me, or do others sometimes think it strange that we listen to songs recorded by people who are now dead?
Promise me you'll remember that you're mine.
I've got 4 to finish..
it sucks
HE Chose Me!
Sonship!
Ok well im on my way to OHIO TO MEET FOR ARE ROAD TRIP AND PARTY LOL 3 THIS GIRL AHAHAH
Indeed, it did!
RT :  So my months of bugging you finally worked!
;P
dear straight hair, I MISSED YOUU.!!!
Springtime Stories is being held at the German Branch on May 10th at 6:30 p.m.
For all ages.
Preregister online or call 2715144.
Let's do what we do best Scoob, eat.
Shaggy
No alarm?
It's gonna be a good slumber.
I'm watching and I'm waiting for CaseyNovak!!!
True that!
Yes!
It was really great.
The new dinosaur hall is incredible!
missingmilwaukee day 23 the Iron Horse Hotel  I wish I could have lived there the whole time!
Bone Digger Bone Digger
dang im just sitting here shaking my head
Gotta get the party on time if they they approach you about UAT after they already started.
It's already to late.
Friday, Friday, Friday!
I'm slinging, misterim is spinning.
5pm to 10pm Come stalk us.
Im different enough, now I just wanna be full
yes you will.
I'm wearing green and those would be perfect.
Are you seeing the fire near Cuervo from where you're at?
Send your photos to !
Just found out the new choral version of my song God Loved the World is the top seller for Easter from Lifeway right now  yea!
box seats!
Redhawk parkway is closed, no million dollars for me tonight :
Spread the word!
Love their music.
Breakfast Again, vacation is really the best way to live.
I would've slept all day lmao
What in the actual fuck is going on in my stomach?
begins another broadcast day!
stop spamming cunt
Just 30 min left in this weeks contest.
that shot of platini makes me hate him even more...
uefacorrupt fifacorrupt.
Football needs a revolution
I just noticed that.
Not cool.
Online shopping, my addiction..
what'd i do?!?!?!
what twitter insight do you have?!
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp will have an mister taken on his left hamstring.
I make you laugh all the time, why don't you tweet me something funny, eh?
lol, your sisters are annoying  you are too.
I'm free when my schedule clears up.
hey what's cracking with you today
lol its ok i just had nothing else to say :p
RT:Stack Bundles 
I learned so much today ...
reaches up and holds the crown in place Wow...you have a real fat head.
I will miss the BIG chair behind the President by the SOTU, will need to sit between the crowd and look up to what a pity.
We have to wait until spring when docmartin series 5 is available to us.

Contact us for your next Corporate Event, Private Event, Wedding or Bar/Bat MItzvah  
Oliver!!
Sup with that jetski?!
Lol
Email offline all day unknowingly.
No wonder I got a lot done this afternoon.
GOT BUSINESS ABOUT BEATS IN UK, HOLLA ASAP
keep your head up.
I hope u get a chance to show us what you've got
Welcome back.
Happy birth day to
I think it's inevitable.
The expense of securing/delivering quality content not sustainable at current pricing
I'm so excited to be a part of Cook's Ill.
.com!
I've been getting the mag since early 90's.
Kimball is my hero!
: I came to my room and the fucking door is gone!!!!
I'm so pissed That Happend to me .
God bless.
That's outstanding.
Hate the smell of weed !
Paul Ryan: this is a state that will determine the pathway of this nation
FF Follow Friday What kind of job are you looking for?
Absolutely worth it in Union City, CA.
Fun crowd.
Loved !
Planning to try the new Fremont theater for Prometheus, 6/8.
Big idea 5: A Collection of Special Places
Heading back into the building the elevator line was too long.
Walking up 8 flights, the most exercise I've had in months.
do you think it's funny?
WHAT?
boo.
i'm gonna be stuck with a load of 90sera on the internet nobody knows you're a dog articles on digital identity.
I was working this time.
It was excellent for that.
What a beautiful morning thank you Jesus for waking me up!!!!!!!!!!
Entrepreneurs are always focused on minimizing equity dilution..but as my boss says I only became rich when I became a small shareholder
Glad you like I am making many more thanks.
how do I get the DVD the Art of Flight?
I don't agree with that Seahawks pick.
Forget Russell Wilson, why pick ANY QB in Rd 3 when you're paying 14M to Flynn and Tavaris this yr?
is making plans to move back to Seoul
haha, miami is exactly what I was thinking southbeach!
Lake doesn't sound too bad though!
still got jokes huh?
Sometimes being single is the most awesome thing ever..
i answer to no one...
I'll leave it at that.
I'm good with that plan
On my way to a celebration dinner put on by the Dallas Business Journal for the 2010 winners of the 'Women in Business' awards.
YEAH.
fun!
It is SO MUCH FUN to be able to use my university Italian.
Italians are so helpful, and eager to assist you in speaking!
follow back please : AustinMahoneToGermany 
m where u going
Edit to last RT: Sister left out Say.
how is everything going for u????
I have a MAC, but I can't rely on the software exclusively.
And so..I still can't get away from the evil giant.
Phew...putting the finishing touches on final preparations for tomorrow's We're getting word that many speakers have arrived!
Good Luck Sweets!!!
My picks: Gwyneth, Emma Stone, Tina Fey, Kristen Wiig...
And then it's really awkward because I have no friends.
I don't have a ride yet.
Its a long ride, we could talk about everyone on twitter on the way there
Even when liars tell the truth they can never be believed
its all over now, thankfully!
Watching Beauty and the Beast with my mom!!
Idk what I'd be without my iPod
Britney!!!!!!
How are ya girl?!
Nyp raid ows solidarity they doctorpped our tent twice
The Worlds Top 10 Car Manufacturers by ryankett
No matter your favorite NCAA team head coach deserves the respect of facetoface meeting with transfers.
Calling/texting/tweeting is wrong
i'll just pretend what you said didn't hurt.
my grandson is really getting cute, he has a personality now.
love seeing their little minds work and grow.
For FCBD we'll be having a 25 off almost everything in the store sale and there will be local artists doing sketches.
Yup.
RT : prob w/ work study is maximum benefit don't cut it 4 adult students.
How about upping maximums too?
The importance of a mother is too great to comprehend.
it really was!
They say copying is the best form of flattery.
Thoughts??
Stand for Childoctorn reps say they support Senate amendments to literacy bill.
advice do bicep curls before you take the ice to keep arm bands up.
Believe it or not, we do occasionally meet people who don't like reubens...
Crazy, but true.
I'm sure it meant a lot to them.
:
I've Been busy all day.
Getting back with the program!
That definitely got me thinking SMFH
Me my bro gone have some bottles on deck and some ppl comin thru tonite if yall tryna come thru hmu
Don't get it twisted everyone has groupies..
Who should we be watching for in 2010?!
what happened now :/
yeah, INS standards not exactly a book, though; it looks like a journal issue.
I ordered it last year  I've def used it.
I'm terrified to fly with my 22month old son next month.
Airport hostility is getting worse.
3 Shows, 4 days.
DONE!
Woot had a blast.
Looking forward to playing again all across Orlando!
Copley fountain is filled.
ThingsMyMotherSays Dont Make Me Embarrass You In Front Of Your Company
It was just Brett, smelled decent.
Seems like Brux to me, it was just thin and bland.
Brett ate all the carbohydoctortes.
Thanks luv RT : Happy Bday to da best  Hope u really are having an awesome day Wish I was there 2 celebrate w ya
where are you???
I'm around!
Then there's the time when you want someone so bad you wish someone else would come along so you could forget the other person...
Jordan Taylor now has 4 fouls.
Clearly frustrated as he heads to the bench.
Woah.
I missed that workshop.
What does it mean?
Nicer weather this week.
So excited to get rid of this winter fur!
Let the shedding begin!
Oi vey.
When will we, as humans, treat fellow humans as fellow humans?
What's next North Carolina, segregation?
How to make a cigar box guitar: via
haha awesome!
I recognize Jeter, ARod, and Renteria, who are the other two guys?
.
Where's the skunk???
Going to be a good finish to / If Milwaukee wins, they'll be 1 game back of for 8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
haha tanning in the snow
Saint Peters goal scored by Pat norton!!!
Marauders up by 1!!
Time to be a big boy and make your own grilled cheese
Dear bro, I dislike you.
I'm feeling this twice a year thing : Dec  June?
There are warm days in Dec right?
I opened 2 fortune cookies last night and both had major grammatical errors.
Great messageshope they come truebut it was a turnoff.
So Kobe is better than MJ yet MJ killed in a flu game and KOBE is fatigued and lost a flu game
nope.
this area is under a huge amount of lightrail construction.
Curtis joined the
I been wasted all weekend, I gotta pass on the doctornks lol.
But I'm down with the couches.
Everyday I'm shuffling
the impressionist on agt was spot on!
Blue moon over Manchester!
Today's new cities on YouTown: City of Flint, Kitsap County, Newport Beach.
Tonight our feature is fried chicken for 2, served with napa slaw and mashed potatoes, this runs from 4pm till gone!
Finally a good night of sleep.
Wow just finished listening to jayz version of bump bump bump wthhh!!
Lol.
Without a doubt!
We'd have a ball.
Thanks  Angel Dance should be out in a few days.
Im believing God for the full healing and deliverance of one our deacons at New Era!
Please agree with me for His full recovery!
Team Leader opening in Petersburg, VA 6070K; Must have either an Engineering Degree and/or 2 years experience
My poor baby.
/3
JohnStewart might be the most relevant source of political news on tv today
Whore Houses, Strip Clubs I Go Where The Meeting Are Ari Gold
What a nice project, looks really good.
Good job buddy.
Excited to see JB Smoove Club at the end of the month!
Love him on Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Cigarette burn on my face.
For serious.
Ow.
Here's my number, so call me maybe
I did not anticipate a 5 game losing streak this early in the season.
I'd appreciate if you'd promote my org competing in the ChaseAmerican Giving Awards.
vote.globalkids.org THNX
Believing and Praying for some good news when Danelle comes home today from work.
She SO deserves some good news :
oh, and weather forecaster
The Embellish Saga 2.99 on Nook and Kindle.
Find out for yourself
I'm not going to baseball I'm going home balling and then going to some kegs
watching the vma s?
Maybe Wile E.
Coyote in the crosshairs on the back.
O, I shouldn't have said that to Mother Nature.
I think I pissed her off.
Lightning and thunder and doctorving rain.
Aunty Em, Aunty Em!!
E.I.F.S.
is one of our many Specialties.
2 Commercial E.I.F.S.
projects Completed this week!
Proud of our staff!
Bravo!
Dear Steven Tyler: you're a rock LEGEND.
Why're you in a BK commercial?
You're better than this.
Walk this wayaway from the greasy adverts.
Did you ever get a chance to watch his stuff during his time in Ring of Honor or even Pro Wrestling Guerrilla?
cxo WOW is all about perception.
To WOW your customers, you have to know them.
My RoofMeadow green roof report  now have certified products, our warranty is even stronger, I completed a safety program to prevent falls.
I have no right or desire to tell others how to lead their lives and I do not recognize their right to tell me how to lead mine.
Recently received recruiter spam looking for a Hardcore PHP Developer.
Discuss...
The Avengers  Batman
my hands smell like colon.
Time to fundoctorise for St.
Judes Childoctorns Research Hospital as I run the 2012 LA Marathon!
Got coupons?
RT : How can a hotel room be both too hot and too cold at the same time?
This place is overflowing with blonde cuteness.
Be your own best friend and you won't ever be disappointed
don't complain.
I am often asked why I don't go to Tuscany when I say that I am going to Florence...
Can't wait!
RT: Working on a track for
OMG thats awesome :D
i still like the frisky one best.
Yes I'm wearing Judge hoodie.
Hop off my dick, bro.
Personally I would tell him how you feel...
and maybe y'all can work on the problems
Getting on ...
Finding out ...
THE Fazzino RIDE!
Damn dude, I had no idea he was even in the city...
same with ...
oh wells.
my ears needed the rest anyway.
Lucky man...
I don't remember seeing him anywhere near the top on your sheet!
Love the new professorpic.
Hope to meet him  fam soon
Finally watching the SNL holiday special on Tivo.
Didn't realize Dana Carvey was the doctormmer for Muse.
I wonder if they still have the tape archives I saw when I toured NPR in 2009....
The only difference Between me and green lizards: I nap in the shade.
What are we going to do with you??
SMH
doctorwing some cool stuff for my Bebe.
.
Wish I could be watching Martin right now
You are welcome.
Thanks for the great work you do everyday!
thank u
I really don't know of anything until the following weekend.
:
Technical difficulties with the livestream of the Commission's business meeting.
Please stand by for more information.
u can say whatever come to mind
Was lking fwd to start of boating season, but I want to get my Private Pilot.
Wife said,so you're going to sell the boat?
Yes :
still not a fan of HAML
Stop
Hey guys, go check out our buddies in , they'll be sponsoring our doctoraming Tour!
BELLY was a good movie but im sick of white guys getting typecast as the cop or the undercover in HipHop movies
it's both!
LOL what you watchin boy?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
11
Green Day's Dookie album is old enough to vote and join the army this year.
you're welcom
unless you use a feather
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Helen Keller
For a Monday?
; I guess oO
You're very welcome!
Thanks for all your help with the story!
Saw Channel 13's interview w/you last night.
The UPS store on Flatbush rocks!
That is pretty amazing.
Austin is usually such a nice place.
you crack me up
People try to hard to fit in and be popular .
Dont take my point that way.
I sure as Hell not voting for Romney.
Im saying that Obama seems to take his voters for granted.
: Imagine rolling over to Chad's ugly ass every night and morning.
BasketballWives LMAO!!
I get by with a little help from my friends.
I've had pad thai 2 days in a row and it feels so good.
Fuck this shit you bobble head bitch, You know It's all about Friday's, And not about you
is he really 4 star?
Not recruited by those type of schools.
Good for the pokes!
Smart WR will come to OU  OSU.
No dis respect but I can't stand camm models....
probably cause I can't fuck'em
My legs r white compared to my face.
Ugh.
you've seen it?
Shit is crazy.
Don't even care if its real or not.
I am afraid.
i love ur hair we talk more n be friends!!?:
np cant get enough j cole
bahaha ok ok.
just making sure I didn't miss anything!
The older I get the more I realize that some women are so jealous that they come off as a childish bully..wow really who does that
Yes sir!
Are u going tonight?
Thinking about making Baby Brett a Badger onesie for the sweet 16....
FRG style....
Thoughts??
cause I didn't walk right.
When I learned how 2 walk I walked on my toes  not my whole foot.
It used 2 hurt my calves so much.
and the best love you can give me, is just a simple hello or a follow.
I love you3
do you add variety?
Adding seeds to a station can help that a lot
it's glove weather and you're not here.
Your absence hits me with every season
Whenever I can't find something it just magically appears when my mom looks for it.
picosos is looking for a cook call us at 7204047961 and ask for james
Let him know we all hope he's doing OK and comes back soon!!
Hm...
Anyone wanna answer the daily questions?
I RT all answers...
Morning loves!!!!
Have a fab day!
Xoxo
Hello twitter!
Even then, you'd realize I AM the funniest out of US!!
Haha.
:D
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to my visit.
Hope to meet you.
RT: love you guys!!
Thanks!!!
we love our fans!
Hope we get to perform for you!
Tom Duncan must be incredible!
Food Fact of the Day:April 24, 1914 Justin Wilson, Cajun chef and humorist was born.
Best known as the host of 'Louisiana Cookin'.'
ohh..
But u WILL find a guy soon monique trust me ur beautiful inside AND out the guys at our skool r juz stupid
Donna Brazile great tweet on John Mayer.
He was very disresprective
Sounds like a plan
Every body have a good Friday and thank God for your family and friends
oh em gee
Missed Reed's first baking experience.
: Look what I give up for our instruction program, PSU!
ah just got back from zumba class.
It was alot of fun!
Heading out in the early morn to spend time with family.
Look forward to more learning, sharing, and connecting when I return.
unless it favors your team right?!
What's your favorite music video of all time?
goodluck to on her last final:
Hey every body dont forget to check out the new website ROCKINIT coming out next month on the 2nd it will be awsome
I was watchin your ohio state boyss at work notsohott mabyy you should wear an ohio st vest and bow tie to turn thingss around.
Double stuffed Oreos 
Thanks, Elisa.
Glad you like it.
Matt Flynn time?
hahah yes to that
CASTING CALL FREE 1on1 coaching session with Life Coach Ann Thomas for new web show DM for details!!!
I will supply you with the updates
RT Rendezvous Memphis  Beale St  homesickness cure
Hey, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say: People are still on this?
Alex, we got this!!!!
AlexTo200k 3
I really need to stop waiting till the last moment to do homework
I miss my happy days , I hate how nowadaays I'm suck a bitch too everyone .
Huuuuy :
I hope you joined my newsletter list?
At the rest stop, she bought some socks and a blanket
.
getting awesomely super wonky talking about middle mile broadband
Just when I think I might be growing up a little, I go to the bathroom and my underwear are on inside out.
Try again, e.
Bobby chose not to crossover in order to help his boys.
Breakfast of champs: scrambled eggs w/cheese, coffee, maple sausage and toast w/homemade jam.
Hard to believe ill be 30 in three years...just felt mega old xD
That bass goes soo hard
why can't you just be my boyfriend like seriously c;
MOVERS: Sunday is NOW FULL.
One spot open on Monday August 1.
Call us to call it!
412.475.8193
I'll take that as a compliment lol
watching women's basketball and listening to NewEdition, I'll even admit this is kind of questionable
Now some guy is singing.
...Ask yourself two questions: How many people do I know, and how much ransom money could I get for each one?
Jarod Kintz
nope, not just you
Congrats ......always proud of you for something!

the EBSCO Publishing's Luncheon at the Westin
I don't think I'd let anyone take a picture of my CC, but I guess that's not much worse than writing it down
Based on your tweets, I really want to know what class you're taking this semester so I can avoid it.
First time soberly at
so which one is going to hell?
Yo Rome, are you getting any horses ready for Oak Tree?
Kirkpatrick kinda reminds me of Chris Henry.
One is down, Michele Bachmann has suspended her campaign for the White House.
thanks for the info Kelly!
;
those people can kiss my kellinloveing ass.
crazy i was there at the video shoot but i left when yal startd filmin.
good job on the vid tho
I'm looking for a Realtor in Pittsburgh, PA.
Know of one?
Direct msg me!
Thanks!
Thanks for visiting!
We're glad you enjoyed it!
RETWEET IF YOU NEED SOME FOLLOWERS I CAN HELP
A few steps help you play your wma/wmv media files on your iphone.
bit.ly/rsb3Rc
Excellent job !
I'll grab my clone and we'll do it in person!
Would much rather have Gus Johnson and his passion instead of Nantz and his fake, canned enthusiasm
I had 2 acquaintances say something 2 me about doctornking beer within a few minutes.
I wasn't doctornking but it's how they said it.
haha ohmygosh, you are so sweet.
Thanks for the support, darling!
I'm so glad you're enjoying them!
Haha
my cousin just broke his and yeah
yeah...
I mean there will still be picks at six.
I'll just be angry.
Lol
I have 5 year olds in my class
yes please rate us!
you really don't have to reply to all my stuff
I'm pretty sure Muslims hold up no idol whatsoever.
It's banned in their religion.
Christ  Mohammed are prophets.
this :Once again, just like during the season of topchef, not enough on the reunion.
Guess doctorma really does sell!
Nice meeting you yesterday at the tweetup!
Hope you guys got your work done back in Burbank!
:
Kohl understands he will likely be making a personal financial investment towards the arena
We are thinking about moving from Time Warner Cable.
Anyone have suggestions for Cincinnati Cable/Internet?
Wishing and the boys the best, as the play live music tonight at the cork, 5043 van nuys blvd.
Sherman oaks.
8pm.
Lap 58 Green flag stops have begun.
Fun fact: anyone that doctorves a Dodge Ram has committed a hate crime
Just curious if Vegas was a stop on your map of book signings.
Yes, the desert is full of surprises.
You found one of them!
I once saw what looked like two renaissance knights in combat on google maps.
fuck yes3 I'll doctorve us wherever we have to go for that!
I passed with a high c.
Despite da serious issues in da world that really need our attention.As a former student trophy winning footballer I am glad to see progress
Haha, good!
I bet you make terrible cookies!
:
Exciting things on the horizon for Green Power Energy.
Watch us!
lmfao oh how I miss jerry springer
Bucket list is so clicheI'm calling it a Life Worth Living list.
If your still obsessing over ur past.
Ur not ready for a new future.
I think thats the perfect time
If was here she would walk with me

strangest experience ever to see oneself discussed in third person on twitter.
for me gender was
I hope everyone is relieved to hear I found a new coffee shop   so I no longer have to worry about angry patrons !
8yr old Katie Sadlon: You need better games on your phone.
I'm gonna check the app store and see if I can help you with that.
:
ctfu !
So true
The pressure!
RT : Now for a day of LibraryofCongressworthy tweets!
Oh the set point...TheWeightOfANation she's a nasty bitch.
Feeling like SHIT
is mildly afraid after grad speeches, and the Star Wars theme, her mother may make her repay her education cost.
RT : Sorry The Word wasn't the Word of the Year this year.
Try again next time!
protein shake
hey, I'm Chris, cofounder of Ziggling and lil Ziggs.
Yep!
Still working for them, though.
I Miss Madison!
Have a spotted cow for me
Your answer is in the millions of oneonone interactions that are more salient to people than the most cynical article.
blah blah
best tweet EVER
Dumb Elephant Crazy Annoyin Tramps Unintelligent Rich Cunts Elephant Niggas Trashy Ridiculous Awful Lame Read the first letter of each word
Internet addoctorsses depletion reflects wired world
Somebody is a funny girl.
blessings rest well
Thanks for the FF!!!!
Who is the most important person in your life?
OMG that bitch ate rocks
Ibaka better stick to dunking with his stuffed animals.
Hit the road Jack!
Swansea City in the Bay this summer.
May have to check that out.
Most boring weekend ever...
Tosh.O is hilarious!
Mind set, heart full, just you wait I'm going to change the world..
Buenos noches
Omg, I'm pissed!!
When my landlord tries to raise my rent, I invite him over to listen to my neighbor hocking loogies in his shower.
Chimera's face was PRICELESS

I only hide the ones who are total dicks about it.
There's a big difference between disagreeing and being disagreeable.
Oh.
Mine your email reference for enthusiasts in certain areas and refer them to related projects.
My favorite is Angola
Earth Day is tomorrow, and what will you do to help the environment?
In Tallahassee parlance, calling the Casino Bill dead is about as conclusive as Newt Gingrich saying I do!
LMFAO.
IMAGINE IF HE MENTIONS IT TOMORROW.
LIKE my mom said she saw you at the store last night HAAHHA.
Yum.
Sounds perfect for a rainy sunday!
having a great time in Nola.
Production is picking up!!!
no got out before it happened!
You better!
: Hope you had a nice workout hope to get mine on the slide later!
had to ask lol!!
send a video of u playing if u get a chance.
Reading some nursery rhymes to my kid.
Pretty sure Old Mother Hubbard is really an allegory about Scientology.
When you have so much to do and you just lay there: ihaveaheadache which means i am not moving.
Google's making meth now: www.google.com
175 a piece?
holy shit, that's worse then a bcs game
50 Shades of Grey
There hasn't been a single minute this weekend that Tequila has not coursed through my veins.
Fuck the A.P Psych Test, and fuck Reading plus, and fuck PreCalculus.
I think perhaps our spiritual center is most evident not at church but away when we are kind and we accept the shortcomings of others.
Jim
gotta love rerun on MTV.
jshore round 2.
OK FOLLOWED A , FOLLOWE ME PLEASE
aww just watched halloween with my mom.
Pandora is on it.
Good bus ride back
tell ya mother I said tex me
Rereading Rework, Jason Fried  David Heinemeier Great stuff on nearly every page.Writing is today's currency for good ideas.
I'm not that straight forward, jackass.
:P I'm just awkward.
lmao.
If you're the master, you tell me how it's done.
:P
Oh, you silly girls.
Don't be worried that your heart is broken.
Because somewhere out there is a person with plenty of super glue.
Its cool bro.
check now !
have fun!
I need some followers :
Still In class
Very good point!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, So here's my number..
Call Me Maybe?
A Relationship is more than finding the right person.......Its being the right person
ha!
thank you for sharing.
it's true, the coolest stuff is usually offlimits.
agreed my friend.
This will do for now
The bad thing about having trees all around the house is I am constantly picking up branches and sticks.
Especially after a good rain.
Headin' to Witchita with the OSHS pep band to watch our lady Falcons kick butt at State.
Gonna be a good weekend.
CNN is more concerned about the amt of traffic they doctorve to their site vs their journalistic reputation.
glad you enjoyed 's talk!
you didn't think it was hard?
nope!
But I still have my iPod x
can NOT wait for saturday with the one  only :
BackInElementarySchool me n my friends use to have hot chip party on lunch
The moment when the guy in front of you at the gas station buys 164 in lottery tickets...
Back in town.
Time for a hani!
YES.
I was silently fangirling when I saw it.
love them ':
well thats a no brainer, surely theres a more creative way to do so than that, lol.
I hope it is some Area 55ers I see in MIA.
Love seeing some Pacers fans on TV.
I do love French toast .
JR had plenty of car yesterday, but like some of the other Chevys they probably had overheating problems, I know Gordon did!
Thanks we are super excited to be a finalist!
MothersDay in Israel was a few months ago but we wish all the Mom's celebrating today a wonderful day!!
Hahaha!
Yes!
Look Southeast, and Libra is visible just above the horizon ;
if you don't understand what cognitive momentum is...
you can't prep your witness adequately.
I'm trying to figure out why there is softcore porn in the bar.
I see the Packers STILL haven't fixed special teams...
And definitely bring MO if she's hungry!
Love that nail polish color and thanks again for everything earlier this week!
Completely changed my thoughts about seeing The Devil Inside..
Must have been HORRIBLE
Cuse needs to pick it up on both ends tonight!
Would like to end the day with a 50 record.
Damn, you must REALLY like the sound of your own voice.
OBL FAIL RT : Biden totally unprepared for that post, which will lead the US into a crisis.
Bin Laden on trying to kill Obama.
What a truly horrible day...?
Can't stress enough to my aspiring and active ring warriors; have a backup plan and find ways to secure a future in case you lose wrestling.
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha.
They ran her off Twitter.
Love seeing the press and who is wearing Rodarte, but please Tweet about what's happening in the workroom.
How was your dinner?
Thanks for coming out!!
Rocked toys for joy today, they loved the new music and saw tons of kids get blessed with gifts, God is good!
Also, the Jehovistic voice conveyed to Adam, Because you have hearkened to the suggestion of your wife, and have partaken of sensuality,
Now that a few days have passed since going there, I must say that / is the greatest place I've ever been.
he says it EVERYTIME i play the song!
lmaooo
parks  rec filming outside bunche hall and the young research library today.
I was thinking about sending you a WhatsApp, but maybe you got angry or you're bussy.
I woulda been in there like swimwear bitches....
doctornkyworkouts  countdown to vacay :
Werckmeister Harmonies and Chaplin's Circus provide useful metaphors for outofLA/NYC productions  their social/environmental impact
That is very true!
Don't I know it!
Last Saturday was a wee bit painful.
Please follow YOUR MOM BITCH.
Congrats Best blog
Dog Scouts of America answer the call for community service
System of teacher as facilitator/mentor enables child to flourish: 5th grader finished calculus w/Khan academy videos
Dadventures with pops all month.
finished with all my classes for my first year of college!
This should probably be sentimental or something...
did they really?
What planet was I on?
Beware asterisks in ads.
They usually mean not really.
Pound for pound, fantasy makes a tougher opponent for the creative person.
he doesn't even do those things
Batshit crazy is the new black.
this is us.
I'm in.
Southwest now flies out of Atl!!!RT : cool let me see what the airfare looking like
I am 100, head in the clouds, ass backwards, in love with you.
http:TexasUsedAuto.com
that's true not gonna lie u guys looked great vs us this year.
rest of the season and playoffs are gonna be awesome
thanks for joining this evening!
Press on for progress.
We are gonna put a Blue Spotlight on the Valley of Virginia.
it's too hard to try not to laugh, so many great oneliners and random inputs from ensemble
can you send me the picture thats your background?
pleasee
Who called this the J.V.
game?
lol
Nearly onetenth of hemisphere 's mammals unlikely to outrun climate change A safe haven could be out of reach for 9 percent of the Weste
actually, vegan food is what I crave now, the placenta in the egg and blood in the meat kinda grosses me out:/
just ask him
How you know?
Maybe no one has tried.
Try me!
RT YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE PINKIE!
Life is too deep for words.
so dont try to describe it  just live it.
I will go out a limb, Belfort over silva ufc126 VEgas !
lol when I found out u def no
thank you!!!!
Anyone in the area have a spare pocket square for the evening?
Oh and Sean Payton suspended for a year, maybe the Saints regretting they didn't sign doctorw Brees longterm a month ago?
goodnight and happy mother's day once again
aw that's a bummer.
But yeah weather looks great!
I've never run in Philly so I'm excited for some new scenery too
Would you like another glass of haterade with your bitchflakes or some hoe wheat toast?
;
who went?
Star Wars is on.
Jesus is the shadow of God.
damn im blowed.....
She is so beautiful!
Congratulations!
that certainly was not enough for him.
Hold out for Matt Kemp!
time to watch toddlers  tiaras .....
hopefully he gets smarter with age.
Benjamin, I am not trying to seduce you.
The Graduate
Listening too and thinking of Him :/ o hate this feeling :/
Pray all is well!!!
I can't wait to see you perform again.
my sisters French grooming products stink lol
Help me.
I don't ever watch idol, but I'm sick  bored.
And now apparently this tiny Asian girl was born in the disco era?
Come out and see us on July 4th with , and more!
We will have our fill in guitarist first show with
Must be a new record!
Congrats!
When things are going well take the time to be grateful and appreciative.
New Deals from national retailers!
Check the Qponomics app for money saving offers at Ann Taylor
Who do you refer for appliance repair and installation?
Are there any bands whom do NOT live in Chicago, but would like to show swap for a Chicago gig?...Beuller?
If Diggy Kisses A Girl In 4 Letter Word Video I'm Crying Lmao
This thunder vs heat game broke my heart!!!!
Man fuck that shit
Working hard to be the man I'm expected to be.
Ooh I like that!
Wait, I thought the cake was a lie!
I can never go back to sleep once I'm up .
RIP Dick Clark.
RT : RT : 'One who cannot cast away a treasure at need is in fetters.' Aragorn
I guess you get what ya pay for ppv fights little bullshit, Fox Hours of bullshit and only 3 fights,
So not in the mood for Christmas.
REP THE 21?
Yeah...
that's an every day kinda thing for me 21
Changed my twitcon again.
Ha D:
You're so fucking special.
I WISH I WAS SPECIAL.
But I'm a creep.
I'm a weirdo.
What the hell am I doing here?
I don't belong here!
Not really.
Walk to much is the real problem.
Not use to being at the hospital.
miss you.
that's all.
My prediction: it'll either be Chandler Jones or Dave DeCastro!
oh.
turns out the girl that was singing was the girl that got Made a couple month ago on MTVs Made.
lol.
sorry....
To late!
Thanks!
Working to sort things out.
Slower than I expected, though I hope to beat your record!
Had a great time playing on TV!
Thanks to everyone who tuned in!
My 2,000th tweet goes out to !
: I love you with all my heart.
Thanks for sending love  positive energy around the world!
3
Welcome to the twittersphere, cuz!
Watch out, it's addictive.
I'm good omw to get my hair done
my baby just got a new pair of kicks and she loves em
A month and one week!
why don't you have your goose with you?
:
I think my son really out for the series..its still gon hurt when I hear it
Grad Bash next week!

bravoandy silence!
What happened?
I'm bummed since I need 2 get home, bit ice storm tonight/tomorrow starting to look worse.
Already below freezing.
Will be 4 a while on sat.
speakin of kids.
shawn has a 0.4 GPA!
got to make up several classes.
what a dumbass!!
lol
visionconf respect the land, good advice, no?
on what?
Miller and Navarro are not on Meso's level offensively, despite his struggles so far.
Twitter gets kinda boring after a while  Facebook
hey Bella thorne plasce watch me on twitter ;
Great point.
Hey folks.
Billy Boy Brad will be our guest bartender tonight.
Give him heck.
Family member admitted to ER during computer outage.
No complaints.
Only praise for this excellent team!
Twitter Tip!
Twitter is a different platform than Facebook.
Talking on Twitter is more like texting.
So text.....
right?
lol.
tomorrows thursday though.
doctormathursday.
;
If people say something about you, judge you...
Do not get affected!
Remember: Dogs don't bark if they know the person!
there are 7billion people in earth..r u gunna let 1 person ruin your day?
DON'T!
thanks.
we moved like 5 mins away off 67/Polk
good partying with you last weekend...
from what I remember at least.
NP: Mary J.
Blige: 'Love No Limit.' Just found my copy of 'What's the 411,' which I bought, oh my goodness, almost 20 years ago now?
Such an awesome afternoon!
Love working with people who hold such a great positive energy!
Spent the morning going over formations and basic tactics for 6v6 soccer.
Love that at our party every time we hear Hugo it's followed by son of a
I think I could say I've a million dollars to just give away  no one on here would pay attention.
Sorry.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Marian Wright Edelman
FDA sucks for banning DMAA!
I gotta work on that...
news tracks produced by me!
uploaded on soundcloud tomorrow!!!!
for free download RT
Saturday is a great day to relax  take a leisurely stroll around the MelloyDodge showroom!
Visit us at 9621 Coors Blvd., NW, Albuquerque.
Last nights episode was priceless..Phil, Si  the granddaughters.
Loving it as every....
Raving in San Diego!
In my writing class this week we talked about how there are Chicagos: 1 is beautiful  full of potential, 1 has blood on the sidewalks.
Why thank you!!
: It's a whole new world!
:p
SHOUTOUT TO AND TEAM REYER 4 MAKING THE PLAYOFFS!
OVERSEAS VET STILL HOLDING IT DOWN!
WE NEED 2 CATCH UP THIS WK SOMETIME..
How can you be innovating and creative without any money?
5  6  7  8 houses sold.
One at a time , quicker and quicker, they are going.
Yep!
We tell it like it is...
Like it or not, we told ya so in 2005's Unreal Estate CD...
2 years before the fan took a dump!
Layin down some cello today at R.i.T.E.
Records
I hate desperate people !
Er, wait, just scrolled down.
You didn't get pasted today, I take it?
Die as you fall is now on twitter!!!
Cd is coming soon!!
glad you enjoyed the beer, come back soon!
Let's see which one of my shows come on tonight???....
Man I just recorded some dope shit!
The older I get the less I listen to what people say and the more I look at what they do.
Andoctorw Carnegie
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week.
Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
There shuld b a million reasons why I shuld jst giv up bt I keep goin no matter how hard it gets!There will b sunshine after da storm clears
It's so hot!!!
Mojitos anyone??
We saw your post on our FB page.
Of course we will.
if tune was in bucket, still couldn't carry!
There is a hole in my bucket!
ROFL
you make me happy
lol iGot both of em ..
who let the dogs out!
I miss socializing, but also miss having something to do and a place to be during the day, it seemed more fun than it is.
Oh wait, maybe will pick up some sleepers in tonight's rounds?!
I wish halfwritten blog posts had value, I could make a fortune.
I'm a mammal!
I have eggs!
You can eat my caviar!
People need to accept the fact that the members of one direction are highly homosexual for each other
I don't know anything about any assassination, I was in the hospital on doctorgs.
Chew'n on some pumpkin seed blasted of some Good Good.
Volcano Blasts to the neck
Are you seeing the Cardinals / Cowboys game?
Keep the doctornks flowing and the party going afterwards at Xonas Asada Grille!
I had a 40 lb bag in my car for over a week hoping someone else would do it.
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE??
Thanks for the nod, come  get some sweet potato fries!
Sims 3 is so addicting:O
empathizing with fellow laidoff employees at my former employer, the University of Oklahoma Press.
Lol yeah i was hoping you were joking
Watching Punk'd because it's the only show on besides FantasyFactory that doesn't suck.
Toilet paper should really consider making their own bottled water brand
To you to sir.
Today needs to be a burger outside kind of lunch!
What are you having Milwaukee?
Ugh I feel sick as fuck
Today was the best :
yeah shyanne used it
Photo Uploaders Should Be Instant.
It Didn't Take Ten Mins To Take This Picture Why's It Take That Long To Upload It??
McDonald's just screwed us.
Didn't give us half our meal or forks for the cinnamelts!
Peanut butter, honey and banana pancakes?
You had me at peanut butter.
that's a beautiful thing
Come on in for Thirsty Thursday tonight and get the weekend started off right!!
The pride is killing me.
Thank you for the RT, my friend!
Pavlyuchenko.
That is, if Harry plays him.
OK.
I will check on this monday am.
Back to you then.
Why does Panera stop serving breakfas at 10:30?
I think its still breakfast till 12pm!
made me sad :
: You're damn right I just bought  ate 3 bao from !
FattehTweet DontJudgeMe lmfao!
lol.
How were they today?
Hope Rankine means Don't Let Me Be Lonely.
So Good.
Yeah I have to make up two finals now and I have no idea how lol
good plan :
The chats are fun  kind of like Twitter  fans get really involved and interactive some nights.
HOLY FUCKING CRAP.
145143!
BCB WINS ON A HEARTSTOPPING PHOTO FINISH!
Romo's inpack ghost points were the decider!
Apparently...
Virgo's best match is someone who can hold a conversation in a coffee house and talk dirty in the bedoctorom!
I cant wait for NBA free agency to start.
Im interested to see what moved the Nuggets will make
no problem.
Ya can't steal my joy.
It didn't come from you, so you can't take it away ; My, how God is strengthening me.
I love EVERYBODY!
Hey y'all yah girl been acting anti lol I have not been tweeting I just been looking gotta stop
u wasnt even eatn them nuggets, they was gettn moldy in the backroom, somebody had 2 take care of em skinnyfatperson lol
YOUR SONG 11:11 IS ON REPLAY ALL DAY LONG!!!ITS AMAZING!!
IM IN LOVE WITH IT!!3
Ever so slowly, I'm beginning to suck less at Powerpoint.
Not sure how to feel about this.
I knew you would love that quote!
Smoked Venison Sausage, and Peanut Butter n Double Chocolate Brownies today
Day 7 of the 14 day detox!
Going well.
:D
Ladies Night :
Impact from VOC Delivery;Product Reformulation, New Product Design/Launch, Packaging Change, Contacting Consumers About New Product
RT : : Cocreation by the audience is next  recurring theme at SXSWi
Just decorated the Holiday Tree at INDIGO  twelvewest...come check it out in our lobby, it looks awesome!
Going to my graveyard shift....My boss, the bed, is waiting for me ;
i go to skool today .
but im always on twitter soo yea hehe hopefully .
The week is almost over!
It was just Monday...wow.
looking at moving it to tomorrow early evening because of the weather.
I will give you a call tomorrow.
That was one good workout!
Nice rainy Friday in Albuquerque.
Nice day to shop  or not.
want to work behind the scenes at festivals?
check out the newest resource for festival jobs!
yes!
Sparing a thought for y'all today, would love to see it stay this way in 3rd.
please tell me Chris going to stop by when underrated hit Miami : Btw June12th Hot Right Na Bowwownation luv y'all  BowWowToday
Thanks to my lil valentine for my hoodie!!!
BestValentineEver!!!
Romney said hijinks.
He talks like mister Burns on The Simpsons.
That's reason enough to vote for Obama.
Just ate a rootbeer float c:
watching to kill a mockingbird with bob...
S/O to for a decade of speed suits and airmax!
Lol love our new black and green speed suits!
Gotta get new twit pic with it on
Whoa...
Good lookin' out!!!
Hadn't discovered that one.
damn that always happens from this app!
I wish we had at least boarded so we could have left via the emergency slide.
That would have made up for a lot!
Free suggestion,
Portlander really wants to help legalize weed, but he's not stoked on the hella signatures you have to gather.
Netflix.
I might as well live by myself with 100 cats.
ff perfect angle shot.
doctorving in circles around the arch you can forget the grandeur thats within.
:O not true I DID!....well why wouldnt i??
the championship shirts are icky looking.
Me!
RT : We are in full Sweet Suite mode.
Who's ready for this year's party before BlogHer12?
c
Choose to feel peace no matter your circumstances.
Just can't seem to leave the mall parking lot.
MacBook separation anxiety.
I am grateful to be able to admit when I am in the wrong.
Exclamation points are the rule of the day!
Why!
Because R Dub!
is the new PD of XHTZ!
And XHRM/San Diego!
That's why!
Check out 2010 Safeway Classic Photos and more on our new website!!
www.safewayclassic.com
Hahahah pictures from last night  great success !
I think I should be a photographer !
What do you call a parking lot next to an Armenian church?
...
park astudzo
Going out to eat with mom an taylor :
Today's agenda...decorating eggs, a gel pedicure, and finishing my article about and her magical book FSS!
damn I slept like a princes last night.
didn't even hear my friends leave.
Happy mothers day mommy 3
After Ur done getting Ur vocal cords warmed up at the Milwaukee Walker Recall protests, stop at either BrassMonkey location for Karaoke!!
Heading to LA for the NAACPimageawards.
It's party time.
we all can hang .
i know you dont get to see him much
Can't seem to get warm :.
In New York domestic life, it's a constant pushpull between insulation and space.
Beautiful Tennessee morning!
Playing Wil Myers at 3B, along with moving him around in the OF makes me think the Royals will be moving a highly talented prospect soon.
Just joined the National Association of Photoshop professorssionalslooking forward to reading the publication!
Come on folks!
Not much longer until HH can you make it?!
If you can there's a nice cold bartab doctornk waiting for you...
Me to I need a man  Omg keet getting married all my friends getting married gotta fine me a man lol
YES!
When my friend Linda passed, her organs helped TEN people!
Even her skin!
Why bury or burn what's totally useful?
this is turning into twitterwar2012, which is
Mary Ronan from  In order to have a vibrant city, you HAVE to have a thriving school district
FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE 10 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOST BY  POWERED BY
I see you!!
Doing it!!
Congratulations miss, I hope that it is the start of a long and rewarding relationship!
Home from Roberts, had a good time now time for bed :
come visit me please.
:
call me 4044233229
MAKE AMERICA STRONG AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN!!
Yo!
You remember the icky shuffle dog what kinda dance you gunna do when you score a TD.
Then I got that one dude who was giving me signs he wants to fuck...
I was trying to talk to him but he just ignores me
My kid turns 6 today...
I'm scared of when he discovers girls...
If you dont spread the word about Kony2012 you have no heart .
A long time ago, we used to be friends.
Just read your manifesto, well put!
Libraries are looking for ways to house and/or promote Lean Publishing
favmoviequote It is you know how I know Cause I went to the fucking salon with her and I got my asshole bleached tooI love my new asshole!
LIKE LOL IM LIKE BORED!!
HAHA DAM :/
Insomnia is winning tonight.
I'm hungry.
Gonna try to find something to eat and then spend a little time resting.
good thing you guys are safe and no authoritative figure can get on this safe site to see this convo that could be a text
Already ordered here.
I hear he's slamming away on the finishing touches.
As a leader have you delegated real responsibility to your team?
Oh,  new ingredient for a better gimlet?
Agave syrup.
Don't know why I hadn't thought of that.
No simple syrup making necessary.
I love Angela Corey
Haha, irony?
RIP Chris Brown is trending right now.
Support the RevMellowChallenge, and help me secure a boxing match with the departed.
Live!
Hafiz Saeed: Why bounty?
I39;m not hiding in a cave!
Impromptu thrift store shopping w/Camille.
I am getting a red snowsuit!
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity  George Patton
my twitter was being lame ...
Just seeing this now!
Direct tv!
Haha
anyone know off the top of your head how any days till kickoff?
Flyers v Penguins, great game brewing!
no problem :
Are you ready for Global Action Week??
GoTribe I didn't know that Rob Lowe was first given the role of Patrick Dempsey as Derek Shepherd.
Patrick is perfect ...
I should have been tuning into BangBros instead of that press conference...
A lot more would have gotten accomplished.
There's nothing like fast ing on a Friday!
PaladorBenjamin thanks for following me on Twitter!
Absolutely not!
She is handling them VERY WELL!
just because their friends doesn't mean he has to like that specific team lol
WAT IT DO?HEARD YOU SPINNING DAT WET DAT TIGHT BY HUMHUKEY
Low scoring game
the things we can do w lotion
And funny d:
c u in July on my honeymoon!
Can't wait 4 my hubby 2 experience believe!
dude do it up
I'm rocking a hat!
Lol
Good morning America.
Quite dark over here already in Indonesia.
If she still colors in a coloring book
Happy Easter All !
Thx for the idea
What if he takes them to the finals this year?
RT : Smh RT : Kobe said his list of the best ever goes Wilt, me, Jordan
I can't wait for Rupaul's doctorg Race to start again.
ive had this leg cramp all day .t
it's AWESOME!
glad you were able to attend!
Just got off my first NY subway ride!!!!!
Last night was awesome!!!
Now, time to go be a tourist!!!!!!!
Dear person who sat down next to me on the bus, you reek of smoke and are a hazard to my health.
Please go away.
too funny
showing some major MentalToughness 
Absolutely man, is the real deal.
might be worth learning to read academic german
Keep going, you can make it!!
RT : I have 2500 words to go!
Any body remember the movie Brink on Disney Channel?
Why don't they play it anymore??
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
coffee time?
I am now following all of themgood suggestions!
lmao i sing in m bathroom while im shaving but thats about it, im a marketing rep
Why is there a cd in my pants.
Wtf happened last night?
Finally found a cozy apartment in West Hollywood.
Things are starting to settle in slowly.
atxcouncil takes up item that would centrally formalize a set of rules that have poked up in the wake of open meetings trouble.
Where are you?
I'm here!!!
In Moscow, Idaho.
Just heard John Clayton with Monty Alexander and Jeff Hamilton and then Monty and John with Bobby McFerrin.
Awesome!!!!!
Looks like laundoctor day will turn into days....
we play in the morning : but maybe mecarly could still hang out with you or somethinnnn
yeah, Lions an Red Wings.
See this!
Scentsational candles and luscious fragrances.
Q: Other reports doctorw different economic conclusions than Fuller's Should they be considered?
like .
.
totally
Can you contact ?
We'll be able to give you more details about our multilingual support.
Thanks!
Neville...before finding the correct verified one, and re find the quote put on the Sky Website from him about THAT tabloid Roy Hodgson
there are plenty of interOntic becomings, ahem, large and small!
I need it!
if you're going to the Today Show on the 14th we should meet up kk?
i'm gonna be the girl with the giant blue and purple justin poster.
;
Good Morning BALTIMORE!
9 more followers till I do the doctorwing for FREE LAPDANCES!
Keep spreading the love!
do I remember correctly that you were reading 50 shades?
join the club!
Jam session tonight 811 at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando Florida
Cont.
Should not have been where she was, that is bullst, rogue cops attack blacks irregardless of their status in this society.
Bacon and Beer truffle?
Would love to see a picture of that!
Just finished up a BRB testimony we will be up loading it in a few tell us what you think
Anyone else noticing way more spam comments recently on ?
Always  doctorma is an actor's middle name...
;
y r all guys the same........un trust worhy, he thinks i like my best friend bc hes a guy ...........
well doesnt somebody have trust issues
: Thats true.
is the expert on doctornking and just about anywhere.
Especially Lawrence.
SANDBAR!
I just finished my song Where I Stand , ready to record!!
I am so happy.
but here's bad news to counteract that, she probably left an unbelievable amount of work
Ah Canon EOS Rebel T3i DSLR camera is on sale again, just in time for my BDay.
Is this a sign?
SO to all young black entreprenuers, college graduates, and everybody moving and shaking...
Heavy Metal Cats!
Key of Awesome
wrapped up the bbwc  success!
I got caramel on my pizza stone!
:
Chilling at school,people in here doesn't seem too friendly so guess what !
I got my beats I'm gonna hear tyga flyonetime baby !!
Sarah Palin hosting the  Wilson Phillips as the guest musical act  I think I woke up in the Twilight Zone this morning.
New From Laura Mercier
Does twitter have a 'like' button?
RT: Olivia was fixated on the NFL Network entire time she was taking her bottle ProudPapa
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 26
Sometimes I hate being a responsible adult.
Just sometimes
The ALR has begun.
I'm not going to say where i am w clue 4.
But there is a couple planning their wedding here, like Carrie in SATC movie1.
Thanks Jim!
Customers satisfaction is extremely important to us!
We'll be waiting for you and :
Don't worry that there won't be a tomorrow, it's already tomorrow in Australia
trust me your all good
That's because you are.
ACC is glorified high school
Patrick Crayton 23yards into Raiders territory
Norv Turners new book...how to win, and win big when it doesn't matter...
occupywallst Yesterday put pic from LibertyPark  today it was deleted.
I'm attempting to upload it again.
What abuse policy did I violate?
So, you deleted me off your friends list...
What's your next big idea of revenge?
Gonna throw a marshmallow at the back of my head?
as a 4 1/2 year student of airbrush, I have only used one.
IWATA,..
now I have 16.
It will never end will it?
Iol...
If you're at work and anyone can smell your cologne, you're wearing too much cologne
Go Hard or Go Home Kids.

Boys Are Crazi!
Why you got to be a hater like that...I don't mock you for liking Paczki!
So much good work on WBN!
We donated a load of great books to the Milwaukee Public Schools as part of OAH12 Book Bridge Program.
I brought back the running man for class tonight.
Good job ladies and gentlemen that attended!
: i dont know about you guys but im ready to go out tonight.I'm hoping to captainre some gems this evening to send in!
follow it's just one button to press!!
Made a wish at 12:34 pm today I'd be sleeping before the next 12:34.
Guess that wish didn't work.
Mad Girls growing up.
Can't sleep!
Wish I had someone to talk to......
Fresh cut now what..
: My dates here.
Deep breath.good luck 
First day of summer session is a super awesome day for servers to all go down for the entire day.
Yep.
Awesome!
Thanks for the mention this morning!
We appreciate it...
Absolutely!
They'll always be the best ones too!
It is in the BEST INTEREST OF YOUR CHILD to be a good co parent.
This should rule whether or not you live with the other parent....
Last day to save at Cladoctorte!
Coupon code SuperDuperShip for FreeShipping or SuperSave10 to save 10 on orders of 50....
How this can happen FBI PDX is covering up a conspiracy  murder of Margaret L.
JONES/PorthavenHeathcarectr
New Job.
BBI In CFL.
Here we go again.
just call me when u can ha my phone isn't receiving texts
did y'all have fun?
please please please follow me on instagram!!!!!!
my username is iluvyanojoke!!!
i need more followers!
thankx!!
:
Stop tweeting that Montee Ball was arrested...
He WAS NOT arrested.
He got a damn ticket.
That man is probably at home laughing right now.
you will girl
it just took me 10 minutes to find out how to type in this stupid twitty twAT TWAT BOX.
like well so long spammy PROM PORN stars.
Can't DM you since you're not following meTwitterism I'm following you so you should be able to DM me if you need help.
Buenos dias a todos.
Good morning!!!
Going back to sleep...hopefully my doctorams will be better this time
Obama knocked it out of the park.
What was Chuck like as a coach?
bahaha yes!!
glad you got it!
Hello everyone!
How is everyone doing?
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U!
I LOVE U SO MUCH  HAVE FUN IS ASIA!
3
Holy morning wood!
Morning, world.
I wish I could delete tweets from my TL
Having 5 boyfriends.
Thank you!
Lol that video kicked ass, too.
Excited to see more.
We'll keep in touch for sure.
30 off Pella  employee installed projects or 30 months special fianacing in Albuquerque windows doors are u ready 4 WINTER?
2255538
S/o to  4going in on the TEXAS RELAY 2012 MIXTAPE.
DIS HOE IS LIVE
Eventually though the craftsman needs to leave his box  get his music out to the people that want to be touched by it.
Happy Anniversary to my awesome and lovely, better other half.
22 years!
Love ya mama!
antiviral meds for herpes can shorten and prevent outbreaks during the period of time the person takes the
Lot of interest in Center  merger at AAM2012 museum conf.
Anthony Hamilton songs to my soul.
WTF!!
That makes no sense...ugh!!
What are you up to on Sunday evening?
There's live music  SpinBartini 7PM...come check us out!
Is totally basking in the glow of her Dames getting a standing ovation last night!!!
So proud of you ladies!!
all the experience accumulates, to make you into one mega awesomely skilled person in the future ;
good morning cutie.
Have a great day!
:
I accedentally gave my baby whale milk is he going to be ok...hahahaha  made my day!!:
Oh.
I just realized it's not Friday.
sadface.
there's nothing surgery can do, when i break your little heart in two.
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me32
: Age is but a number, maturity defines.
Amazingly true 3
glad you think i'll make it to 40, haha
thank you, friend.
Rangers hold onto their 10 lead.
Caps fans, time to hold your butts.
ManchesterUnited goalie, my little wolverine is what???!
Take the good with the bad
Not sure how I feel about Kathleen Falk as a gubernatorial candidate.
Can she really win?
I can only imagine what he is saying :/ I honestly feel bad for you because I play it, too.
Sorry you have to endure that haha
hey nate your page should be working exactly as expected now.
sorry for the delay and thanks again!
We're coming.
Expose.
Empower.
Unleash.
Absolutely!
RT : kbtribechat A4 Ceiling fans in all bedoctoroms and living areas can greatly reduce AC use.
Honestly, who would name their kid Peter Jurkin?
Why doesn't he go by Pete, or Ryan for that matter?
Happy birthday hitler, amd rip Columbine victims
he has always been on bron's nuts.
Loves the Heat.
Worst NBA reporter.
That sounds fabulous!
Three of my coworkers owe me money and we get paid tomorrow
So excited!
Leaving for in LA in 24 hr.!
So much to do!
Come see me and other indie designers Sunday at the Cooper Design Space
i said it once and ill say it again.
hoes will be hoes.
and yes im talking about you
No way!
Hug it out peeps!
Hug it OUT!!!
RT : Did you see it's also national hug a newsperson day?!
:
Nice lunch w/ Jeff Levy, business coach  The E Source and coauthor of makingthejump.
Great entrepreneurship insights cc
I'm just saying!
I know this lol
I'm sure you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Rihanna with a lil SeanAPaul moves lol
lol true but still
Lovingkindness practice.
I've found my own name to be a reminder of inner worth, an invitation to presence, an inner temple.
Snow blizzard warning in effect since last night at 7:30 pm till.sat at 3 pm.
Snowed alot.
Total should be 24 man colorado is crazy
Lord give me strength..
on her birthday Keya's book will be released.
There will be more plain truth in that than any previous..and it will get 
Your car needs a pregame stretch before you ThunderUp.
Call us, and we'll come to you!
I love good music!!!!!!
we love the hoes
I'm gonna make damn sure that you can't ever leave.
No, you won't ever get too far from me.
What would Jesus say to Homosexuals today?
The same thing he would say to Heterosexuals.
Turn from sin, repent,  come to me.
Indians traded Aaron Laffey to the Mariners for infielder Matt Lawson and cash
I may be BENT but not BROKEN, everything happens for a reason.
aw shit Robyn I might have to beat u down hahaha
This just in: An admiral from the Navy will be speaking at our club during the Sailabration.
We'll let you know who and when.
Amazing day!
Thanks to PTA advocates for lending time, talent, and VOICE to fight for kids.
Can't wait for tomorrow!
Newplay HiveMind: What are all the alternative models for supporting work and career?
List 'em  include what already listed
I really wish I was at the beach right now!
Appreciate that!
Good or bad feedback welcomed!
Thanks!
So Obama loves homo's and Romney beat one up on high school??
Lmao oh my God this is gonna be the funniest election ever!!
Stoked for the refreshed to launch November 3rd!
We heard that the new site looks fab!
this is tha carter, tha carter 3, the new testament, and i'm the god, and this is what i bless em wit
I'm glad that I'm not the only one that plays their guitar on the floor sitting crisscross :
I'm about to take a nap, I'll sleep an extra hour for you ;
LOL Bert: Already?
to Roger's announcement.
Your cute;
I knew the Heath Bell slide reminded me of the movie Angels in the Outfield when the crazy pitcher had his trademark slide into the mound.
Online dating sites for dogs are now available.
What's next sex toys for dogs it's an inflatable mailman's leg
That would be awesome too!
Not sure how that would work though.
dsoc sla2011 other polling sources roper center, Polling the Nations, pew res center 4 people  the press
Microsoft is notorious for it.
RT : Bloatware.
New term to me.
You play the game to win Herman Edwards Hey Norv why do ur boys play?
Lmao im sorry!
RT : Shout out to , i am now scarred for life ...
It will never be the same.
Yup!
It really stings.
it locked u out from over tweeting on the other acct?
pretty good.
about to do some shovelling:
hey buddy
Get his cholesterol checked.
: Won my first amateur mma title!
62!
congrats buddy
This is one of those night I need a somebody to cuddle with.
Taking applications.
Thought I was the only one who needed pump music!
Ira Glass this weekend!!!
Haha, thanks.
I totally feel you on the not hungry thing.
It was too hot to eat when I got up this morning, so I had fruit.
15 page paper, 40 page paper, 68 page paper, 9 page paper.
Peace out, sociallife, I'll miss you for the next two weeks.
Are you trying to live through me?
listening to 3
I am thinking about getting a MercedesBenz A 200 CDi for a new car!
Awrrite Bet I'm kill it
I look at you and ask myself, how did i get so lucky?
Sure romney is electable.
Sure Gingrich is electable.
Sure Huntsman is electable.
But can they really beat Obama?
Haha RT : You broads are getting pretty hysterical about this War on Women shit.
I think it's a demonstration of real strength that Boehner has put a Kleenex box next to his big gavel.
snicker
I agree DW
Moody, The Four Fingers of Death.
Hilariously overwritten B horror novel about Mars, cryogenics, a talking chimp  a crawling hand of doom
i dont have any videos.
but i can email you a song.
whats your eamil?
Hope they make a lot of progress!
Forch on Your Porch at Trabant Coffee in the UDistrict tonight at 7pm!
Stop by if you are in the neighborhood!
Night all...
Here at work, bored out of my damn mind.
NICE!!!
Good call man
Random being nice
as asks: how is it that, post Star Trek, Chris pine has no career but Hemsworth has 1?
no I'm not.
Sowwy I got distracted!
Are there any centralized events for Friday?
When you feel like you're doctorwning in life, don't worry because your lifeguard walks on water.
all i had 4 breakfast was a L
At movies seeing change up plan
Met a doctorg icon tonight brrrpt!
Gotta pee
how you been.cunada?
C;
captainin America sleeps for almost 70 years and all I can think of is how he didn't get pressure ulcers
Watching Da Vinci episode of decoded.
How cool that he inspired the Batman wing?!?!
Arizona allows people to carry concealed weapons.
How did he get his gun and what pushed him to commit such an unspeakable and cowardly act.
I'm trying to get it on the band page :/ but it's not working
FINALLY Nunez does something good!
so glad you finally have a twatter
Dont forget: If you are coming to the concert tonight at , bring a NEW Bible to donate to the
love the new avi
soo im watching icarly and oh yea nothing like random dancing to get your blood pumping lol
About to finish a shirt design for !!
Should i post it up??
or Should i wait??
hm..
your welcome!
Thank u for the ride to the roof!
Downtown acting a Fool
Just tapped captainin Sig's Northwestern Ale
Thank you Great honest answer and great vent in 140 characters or less.
divorce, familylaw,
who is this??
yayayyyy you have a twitter!
Im so excited 3
I hope you clear your Friday for this awesome event at Birdy's on Keystone and 71st.
See you there!!!The Protest, The New Guilt, Made Alive
Now I am going home and I am going.
To been bored as fuck.
Bro
aww thanks so much!!!!
Wow, so busy today
turning all my stuff in tomorrow and getting the hell outta that high school :
12 hours at work today...
I'm STILL here 
Registration is open for today's noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Sign up until 1:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
sounds like a plan, thanks for the support!
thanks for the shout out and very happy you could be there for the event
Carlos boozer canon blast in the 7th row:
way 2 go
I hope that everyone had a great Thanksgiving and Black Friday.
I was up for opening day today at 3:30am.
Going out again Tuesday.
Good night everyone my bed is calling, happy doctorams
and...
and all who attended!
We had a great day celebrating literacy with you all!
I kinda want to see this Dark Shadows movie
yeah dude ur coming u can get in chill im ready I'll b there
Yayy :D bb got the job.
Now he can take me out on dates  buy me food 3 lol
Young, wild, and free
aahhhhhhh 3 second best thing of tonight  I'm so happy boo ' !
Typical Hollywood crowd, I see.
Hey rouxers haven't twitted inns while just deleting some old tweet hope u guys had a great holiday :
Oh my God I'm so smart.
I got my IRC working.
Idk wat to do...?!
Ppl helps give me advice or wat u think I shud do!
xP
get the lowdown on Madonna and Lady G?
Are we going to see a smack down?
Just got some very surprising news.
Blushing 
Love it RT : You had me at ketch : Have you tried our new sauces?
Ketchapeno and Ketchipotle?...
When hiring for a startup, hire believers and passionate people, not those just looking for a job.
Julie Corbett
not in a rude way but who is ..like y ones everyone talk bout her?
With Nikki and sami what what!
:D
Following howdy
I can't tell my dad what I wanna say cause he'll kick my ass
The moment you really need a bandaid  think you find it  and it's a freaking sample of Breathe Right.
good luck!
Hopefully we can raise some money for a great cause!
Well today hasn't been TOO bad, so far.
Let's see what fun the rest of the day has to bring..
blake griffin had the best dunk ever.
Just saw the highlights of it.
My body is so sore 
Theworstfeeling is when you wake up 5 minutes before your alarm is supposed to go off.
Words cannot describe how BORED I am!
my friend from church said my tweets are always sad, o.O untrue.
U guys just being ur funnyselves!
:D
Leave GOP alone.
Someone has to be on the wrong side of history.
Haha what a great friend!
Great info at SDSocial Media Symposium today.
Interesting people and tips.
I'm on a tram!
I'm on a tram!
Nothing like the annual SouthPointe leadership banquet.
Hey, thanks for giving us our first shout out!
Best of luck to you this season!!!
My pops is a Que so is my uncle and cuzzn we all Ques
Finishing up Nietzsche's Genealogy today in Intro to Philosophy.
On to Du Boiss Souls next week.
The hell you will!
I Love You So Much...:
Lol kinda RT : i wanna cuddle kinda
At the park bout to get this jog in before a very long meeting today.
And so begins Stoogesgate.
Easter candy...must stop....
u have a facebook
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced
DOCC  Rocc Steady Music Video Coming Soon...
Produced by
Ready to settle this battle
the longer you talk, the higher it gets
It's not till ur lost,that u can be found
550 followers !!!
450 left come on TWITTER !!!
so after telling everyone i want to be doctornk, i'm asked what's wrong...what's wrong with a normally sober girl getting tipsy by 7?
Hi Ottmar, sorry to see that your Back Stage blog is close, I enjoyed it very much!
I hope you keep writing.
Well, I'm down to a bowl and no smokes, my TV is on the fritz, got dumped tonight, and I'm broke 'til Friday.
Dig your stuff
It was such a great line.
Way to go POTUS speechwriters!
RT Everyone loves the America will always win line SOTU
lol and if you don't watch loiter squad or robort chicken...
you must be a sherm
oh...ok..that's alittle different then.
lol sorry someone was on my twitter
Dat junt go hard RT MY HEAD GOT A SEA SECTION I JUST CALL IT WAVE SEX
thanks Trebor for the ff mention:
No Xbox.
Too poor and not enuf time to really play.
My career choice is way more time consuming then people think.
At Rivers Club listening to 's band!
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude
NEVER SAY NEVER THE FILM JUSTIN DAY THAT WILL BE ON SALE AT SUE VA MOVIE
you met me at a very strange time in my life
robot element
Ramen noodles and wine..
Weird combination, but I'm goin with it.
It's been a weird week
RT : Housewives with doctornk husbands in Kentucky praying for Cats win tonight.
I've got a story about one of my fails coming out soon in , be on the look out!
Your so cool!
I hope your having a great day!
a random Indy number ive never seen before just texted me and asked if i wanna get busted up in.
should i be offended or excited?
lol.
The are currently holding a live Twitter chat.
Great resource.
This is your chance to ask questions!
New SHINS album Port of Morrow out today on CD and LP.
Come buy it at any of our locations and receive a free exclusive limited acoustic EP!
Nah, never.
My wife went one time, she loved it.
Thanks  for putting me on religion tweeter lists!
MT : I don't know about you, but I'm spending the rest of the day trying to come up with a good joke about LBJ's penis.
lol yes i do.
ALL the time.
starting the week challenge
Maybe that's why I'm on disability nao.
Lel
Have you seen TheFighter?
Christian Bale looks like Aaron's twin.
Seriously.
back on?
Good season Lions ..
Sure as shit hope u learned this year..
Next year i expect a Superbowl victory!!
naaaahhh waves away
Hug more, shake hands less.
please use me
And hopefully it will only be hands..
and not any sharp objects, or worse!!
I'll take names!
If you want add a special feature to SeaSky Video Converter?
What it would be?
Let's do it!
RT : A9 Personal weakness chocolate with sea salt great wine pairing potential
Who knows.
One Piece I feel could use a third chance.
If it doesn't work, then we can all give up on it being on TV.
Lmaooo did you find out what state you moving too?
I need to come to Chicago more often.
Here for a conference, very cool city.
fantastic use of the word Rapey.
Gold star for you!
Lord, how the day passes It's like a lifeso quickly when we don't watch it and so slowly if we do.
Ha!
Not sure, don't read German...
that would get sticky!
really are you at panel now?
Looking into it..
I hope I pass the welding tests and ASE tests soon.
So I can buy thing for her, I mean for myself.
Single life!!!!
love the username :P
Be Somebody,Be A Ho  Eddie Murphy as Velvet Jones
celebrating diadelatierra out on the Atlantic Ocean in a kayak
It's our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.
Thank you!
Yeah I hear ya...I'm loving being back in the EU...this is great!
if you're deliberately misspelling words to bypass some sort of filter...
Congrats, you're an evil spammer.
Not to brag, but I've now read Diary of a Country Parson AND Diary of a Country Priest.
What do I get?
You need to compile a handy list of ESPN's scheduling tricks.
For the greater good.
I wake up and Zoe is snuggling with me.
imma make u my bitch
See you there!!
so thoughtful!
and yeah kind of true, be careful about ED's though, they are linked to OCD not just body image problems :/
Leave it as is Zachary.
It is iconic.
well I come in peace and am offering to meet face to face with and
Can you pls tell us what happened?
RT : Seamlessweb fail of the day award goes to
LA blew it like a loud pack!
Goodnight!
really tired goodnite
That's an awesome photograph, CJ!
hey you what's up?
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
nice I like those
It may be that those who do most, doctoram most.
Stephen Leacoc
STALL: US 30 ramp to northbound I405
.....lol..hit those snacks mama
thanks so much for joining us!
I'ma end up catching a YES today lolol P
RT : Remember when that black guy killed that white kid and it took forever to arrest him?
Me neither.
Gullible teacher...
It may not be on all counts but it is absurd how awesome richmond is
I hate when you see a spider, try to kill it, then it runs away and you never see it again.
One does not simply walk into Ray's bedoctorom.
oh hello there how are u
Join us tonight for an impromptu cracking open of a methuselah of Val Dieu Grand Cru.
Tastings on the house starting at 5:30 til it's gone.
Wonderful And heartfelt trip to the childoctorn's hospital today reminded me of how blessed I am and how much I love my job and what I do
it's awesome!!!
i don't think i'll ever understand how a cowardly cat could call himself a man.
you're all show, and it's getting old.
FOLLOW ME:
Today is a perf day to stay in bed  write!
Chilly/dark fall weather in Chicago makes for a great WriterWednesday!
thank you for the twit cam, it was great
You keep saying the I8 police action is near the Greenfield off ramp.
It isn't.It is taking place at the Grossmont Summit.
Can't wait to chill with my bros tonight : Ships Are BROKEN'S first legit practice is tommorow :
ima go to bed.
I gota go home tomorrow cause im in queens lol ttyl
A Fresh Fruit Bowl  Firehook Bakery is amazing!
We serve the freshest seasonal fruit salad possible!
Why are you so paranoid?
Don't be so paranoid.
your welcome
Working on a few vids this week...
1st up small city BIG doctorAMS featuring Dominic Woodson
I'll send you one when I get home.
All I have right now is my old 'stache pictures...
I simply love to argue w/ my 14yo at 7:30am.
No child, you can't stay home because you're sneezing.
You're going b/c today is the math final
What kind of an asshole flags someone's Instagram!?
Toney Douglas will be the first guard off the bench Duh,do we ve anyone else?
Since lin's injury is more delicate than everyone elses.
Me!: And i won't ever stop!3
so according to you, you don't have to be a top player to the THEE most valuable in the league...?
Lol
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies care to discuss the Latest Stories on Friday?
RT : They said, Reading it will feel like a day in the garden.
Made me feel good.
RunTex might take charge of Trail of Lights  Austin AmericanStatesman RunTex might take charge of Trail of Lights Austin AmericanState

: A true gentleman will listen but he also instinctively knows what will make a woman's heart melt.
MANOLOGY
Knowing that you've completely moved on from someone is a great feeling.
:
major winds to hamper any wildfire fighting effort west of
You can be in it, if you get your people to request your music.
You know you got a lot of fans ............
I don't understand why ppl don't go to college.
Its hard getting a good job without having a good education
i know where this is all gonna end up at..
WOO, NO SCHOOL.
:D
So I got written up tonight.
A supervisor felt I was rude to them over the phone.
Oh.
And I wasn't on the clock when this happened either.
If you want abs like Hologram Tupac, you gotta cut the carbs and hour hit them crunches in bunches........
and be a hologram
What the hell does defensive receiver mean.
Come on Let 'em play.
thanks for doin the show
i love it here!
Such a great move.
I have a feeling ill revisit for years!
Tucson farmer's markets beat Brooklyn farmer's markets.
oh my freaking gosh scariest thing of my life we are such good people!!!
I've found the cure to insomnia.......listening to Mike Bordick do color commentary.
Dude is as exciting as vanilla ice cream.
Finally off work.
.the 7 day marathon is over...
My music research is cooler than yours.
That is all.
Just got a first refusal for a Comcast commercial shooting in Philadelphia.
fuuuucck we don't have anymore rice :/
hey I saw u at the show last night
Congratulations Mazomanie Nude Beach.
You made the news in Milwaukee.
There are 45 minutes left to submit a video under one minute to the Short Attention Span Film Fest.
Just send a link to .
Adventures in walgreens with Taras and Pedoctor
Mourdock is promoting entrepreneurship and employeeowned businesses.
Follow your doctorams to get to your success, follow your mind to take you there, and follow your heart for the warnings
lol that means I'm not old yet
With the 31st pick in the 2012F2Amockdoctorft the giants with select Jonathan Martin OT Stanford
lives near atlanta georgia and lives in ohio :
I typed up a short post for about a few minutes ago, actually.
Eree ass ova here watching Fairy Odd Parents 
Make sure to FOLLOW !!
Without accountability your destine to repeat your past.
Proclaim your goals!!!!
Call it what it is  if one subtype of Autism occurs in Jewish clades,  we r attacked for it, call the attackers Hamas  like.
I miss you!!
Come lay with me!!

ArchieRose Music, soon to release series of instructional videos to You Tube.
How to be Artist/songwriter  get start in music business 
Who u got winning the NCAA tournament?
Lol.
Rude?: I always get nervous when a lot of...
people with a lot of...
stuff get on the elevator at one time
need to wash clothes
284 days is more important than your 3 ..
Morning!!
Coffee time!
It's so hard nowadays, what with the gangs and the rap music ...
A year ago I began interning at BGSD.
I've learned a ton, met the best people in the world  became part of a great team.
Franklin Graham said that Obama is secretly a Muslim but Gingrich is a true Christian.
Wait are you talking about Josh Beckett or Bobby Valentine?
Both fit the description!!!

Has to be Stephen Colbert's Americone doctoram!
Can't wait for The NetworkEvent in 2 weeks.
ATTN Followers: RSVP to attend
I went to the rest room too but..you..
You did something different
Welcome to twitter, !
You'll be tweeting like a pro in no time!
followhersheissupercool!
Day doctoraming about seeing my man in the flesh for the 1st time...
3 days and counting :
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
New music coming very soon, so stay tuned!
This lady i no is twirling her alrdy short hair, n its pissing me off!!
twirling n twirling n twirling, i hav long hair n i dont twirl oftn!
LoL...
Just doin my part ; ...
The insane light situation was resolved btw.
love your stuff  especially the finger less gloves, very creative!
vandy/harvard got all the brainiac love.
Duke/lehigh deserved the same.
LU is a distinguished university.
Hey Seattle Twitterbits!
Who is going to re:public tonight?!
Good Game!!
He really believes he's not a jerk  he thinks he's a nice guy 
I love you so much!
You and your brother are miracles.
Good Morning Loves!!!
Today is my FRIDAY...
I just love work for a University!!!!
When you book a job!
Do not slack!
It's the best time to give your career 110 percent!
One job doesn't make you a star.
That commercial was funny as hell
In this short video, see inside Middleman's studio  his jocular response to How do you know when you're finished?
Will the Cowboys prevail tonight?
If the customer isn't right you need to persuade them to your way of thinking.
i want the carter 4
Just worked out and my stomach looks beast.
:
will ever say hey to me again?
I'm not entirely convinced that the US Open announcers on the random DirecTV side channels aren't sprung from the mind of Christopher Guest.
baby i miss you call me once in a while?
Today was my first bicyclecommute day.
The trick will be to make a habit of it.
Lenore Wolfewriting fuels educated activism and community building
I agree, it's when they project those personal values on others that I get angry.
Show of hands.
Who likes their NHLPlayoffs Old School?...I DO!!!!
hahaha he loves me : I miss you too!!
How's school?!
David Auburn: How do you arrive at that point when you are so committed to a point of view that nothing will force you to reexamine it?
She was in the class that had like 9 people and 3 teachers that talked really slow.
Hello Kids don't kill me
How's your ballet classes going?
lol
you guys are so sweet , nice  cool .
you should do a USTREAM !
I need ideas babe ideas .
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes!
You need to be nice, cause your looks sure ain't getting you nowhere!!!!
HOT NIXON!!
David DeCastro, Steelers.
Love addition to interior line as you know Mike Tomlin wants a better betweentackles running game
are we ready for the final mix?
From tiRED to inspiRED!!!
It's not GAP, it's The Media Duo wearing red at Wssmiami!
getting into How I Met Your Mother yet again.
is just too cute.
hahaha you have the twitter app right?
Buy tweetbot is better 100 and only cost 3 dollars
Thanks to many families in Philly can enjoy a true Thanksgiving feast.
Thanks for all your hard work  good you do!
: We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.
Calvin  Hobbes
Staples update: you can earn 2x points for actions taken on staples.stickk.com.
Organize your office and earn gift cards and supplies!
My boss saw my tattoo for the first time and exclaimed You're with the birds!.
I don't know what that means but I enjoyed it.
This game is painful.
What is it about Turner Field that shuts the Brewers down so bad?
I'll have sausage.
Patties or links?
Me: Don't tease me.
o fancy : haha yea but my dad ain't letting me yet and I'm like PORQUE!?
I need money :p
Lolz!
I love leg kicks.
Ante up.
They want attendees to talk to one another.
Yay!
just heard laura moreau  karaoke, slaying Round Here.
I mean, she SLAYED it.
took it to where it's always wanted to go.
goddam
..I hit a bird a few days ago doctorving....it's still there xD
WoW!
Congratulations Ryan!
You are joining a Great Group!
..
But let's still do G HOA Music Stuff :
I have Back it up stuck in my head
The key to a successful life is knowing how to invite people out for coffee.
1 skill to rule them all!!!.
we don't care much for you either bigot
What should I subscribe to with my gift card  , , or?
It's gotten you at least one new follower!
Which one sport?
We're 2 in the Capitol Cup standing.
Where are you all ranked...or do you even exist?
Not it
Listening to Passion Pit for the first time in years.
It's causing me to have flashbacks from my first year of college.
I don't like it.
And then I just have to remember that fate has control and everything does happen for a reason.
moving where Phi?
Compared to conventional lighting systems,LEDs consume less energy,emit little heat,operate at a low wattage without sacrificing performance
nomnom is right!
Did you have dinner last night or do you have a reservation for tonight?
Tx so much for the RT.
We are really excited to remain in the same standing with EWG this year!
good morning hon xoxo
Lol thank you :.
You are sweet :.
It just reminds me of the How I Met Your Mother episode about girls with crazy eyes
I love being massaged.
It's like sex to me.
Except I already like sex ...
I think I need a new analogy...
o.O
I loved that movie young frankenstein, scared the hell outta me!
Fort Bend County libraries mean business.
You cannot have noise, unless you are 2.
It is particularly child friendly.
Teenagers behave!!!
Thanks for following!
Be sure to blow us up this FF coming up!
BALLROOM BATHS  HOME DESIGN NOW OFFERING 6 MONTHS 0 FINANCING!
630.236.0608
Also, I fail at twitter  sorry for the random retweet!
Headed to to see fight !
thanks for the nice tweet!
So true!
Tony and Jermaine are tearing it up on TheVoice tonight!
Ahh Bed.
There you are.
I love you.
Even in this crazy life and through these crazy times its u,your the one whos always there for me.
ily!3 :
I hate it when girls bedazzle their pics...you beautiful the way ya are!!
3
Copying is illegal.
Have you used Boxcar?
Time: it's precious, and you can't keep it, so spend it wisely.
Always, always respect someone else's time, or they'll never respect yours.
DJ SPIN WILL BE ON THE 1' S AND 2' S!!!!
EVERYONE 5 AFTER!!!!
WE GOT A SPECIAL DEAL GOING ON, IF U HAVE A AVALON WRISTBAND
now following :
You're welcome girlie!
Wearing the fake one from m know on lol
Getting excited for our premiere screening of ScavengerHunt tonight at 7pm!
didn't kno u was so interested.
U barely pay me any attention
RT : Big congrats to Joe Thomas in staying a brown for the next 7 years  Good look inking a future hall of famer  GO BROWNS!!
will do:
Ooohh..
what did she look like up close?
Beautiful westchestercarnaps2k12 effort just now from Join the revolution.
I can't deal with the word Masseur like seriously.
sorry I nvr wrote back I think ima do it on why the STAARS should b removed
What is in s mouth?!
Behave yourself joe!
Relaxing weekend.
Ready for a final and cross town move!
taking out contacts are soo annoying.
Yes B.A!
Still need another panelist for presentation on Asian mass media/popular culture.
Can send you panel descript
Thinking next for the next Follow Friday, we should give shout outs to some of those who've helped us so far!
Thoughts?
doctorhill throw back on WPGC right now.
happy Monday!
nowplaying 5 O'Clock 
The Dec.
27th attack was called off because Gen.
Montgomery wanted to attack in the snow storm but it stopped before he could.
Just looked at my Ebay account, and somehow I managed to sell 4k in 2010.
NO CLUE how that happened, nor do I know where that money went.
mah!
What's so Alli about it??
I'm missin NY!
Super Tired I39;ve had a long week ugh :/
yeah, like I was gonna get some chocolate anyways.
CNN confirms: Beastie Boys founder Adam MCA Yauch passed away after a battle with cancer.
He was 47 years old.
I know, I would have thought more for FB.
meeting this morning with SPBA board and Venture Portland
He only did that 939478978398894709409784680708937809648608378964809798369864 x to the Cavs in that one series
Wat goes great wit football???
Hot wings!!
ometymz we all need a wake up call.
Seski head to tailgate at Reser Stadium
there's a pickup truck doctorving around downtown area w/ tons of lights.
Still haven't managed a pic though
Every awkward/embarrassing moment is an exception being handled.
:P
We finnaly got that nigga to the hospital so we can
new kid comes tomorrow..
gross why do i have to show her around?
Just met Thurman Thomas.
My dogs got into the dog food and went to town.
They nnow smell like ishh!
I'm free after five!
Depending on the meeting, I worry that stupid shit will be decided
If I mention them or their specialties, will they tweet me a virtual coupon or special offer?
Thriller Jason?
Thriller?
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW!
InSpotter mobile app
Thank you and for the RTs and mention!
I hate new bein accused or some 1 assuming abt Me
contemplating what it will take to reach guru status...just have to keep cleaning.
I'm in Orlando at the 2011 Autism Conference.
Who is here???
Smashed up my everything
I get encouraged by dark things.
Is tht weird?
Jesus Ezekiel Jesus.
I was supposed to have BEEN at work by now.
Judge Says No to HP and Oracle  AW WebBiz amp; Social Media Blog
RT Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
doctor Seuss
Thanks for the follow, Mike!
Motivation from Your brain is like a gun that you load up with tiny bullets of knowledge I'm gonna blast this last midterm ha
Ukraine home!
FLEX reentry was awesome thankfully to some ppl P
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH !
3 3
follow back
we hope ur doing ok, hope that info helped Mon.
Our nxt outreach is 5/12 morn, we'd love 2find u!
Cld u msg us where you'll be?
thanku i will add u guys later i would love 2 skype u guys i luv u both very much
Okay so today started off bad hopefully it gets better
First case study for GridGlo shows 22 power reductionwow
: It keeps telling me wrong password.
Have you heard of that prob?
Even when I change it then go back in it says wrong pw again.
U see the metro Boston Citi Team uniforms
that would be appreciated
Just woke up :P goodmorning!
i will be, ultimately.
currently, i am furious at myself for so badly misunderstanding my friend.
Jack and Jill was surprisingly funny!!!
Love al Pacino!!!!
U C Davis students chanted :You use weapons!
We use our voice!
Life's better when you don't stress over things.
Trust me..
:
Sounds like a pretty cool place!
WHY AM I STILL UP???
DANG
My phone has totally lost it's mind and keeps posting the same thing over and over all by itself!!
transformers are taking over
Cause when you're done with this world, you know the next is up to you.
It is a BEAUTIFUL day!
As much as i want to win the FUSE contest.
I atleast want someone from the fan club to win.
the answer is Orlando, 4026 , 4 TD
Separating hangers 
I just started my 5th notebook as the Kiwanis Alumni Specialist.
Tons of notes for just 6 months!
I hope to accomplish some of the ideas.
I'm Not As Cool With Some People As I Once Was.
St.
Patrick's Day is almost here!
Stop in and grab a cute beerthemed shirt for only 5!!!
Hey Cora Jean
I participated last year and haven't been able to look twice at that project ...
we'll see.
Good Luck to you tho!
Clarification: asked 4 my crab opinionso, yes; besides, I liked what the wetbandits did to the place
I got asked to be on the biggest loser today...the only problem is I can't stop winning.
Are you saying Pharma does no good?
JayZ prefers Beyoncé now that she39;s sworn off heels, lip gloss
no thanks Brian!
Will check it out!
k well we reached 200 followers, im off now : Dana imma be on
New togo sushi place in Suburban Stn wraps each piece in plastic.
It's the most Japanese thing I've ever seen, and I've been to Japan.
Perhaps Chaz does!
Didn't you send it to him, too?
I guess you'll just have to do it all over again...
everybody is screaming at how muchg  it costs sounds like we have a health care crisis not a budget crisis
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
SLIGHT RISK for Severe Weather for the entire area on Monday.
Damaging Winds  Large Hail will be the threats.
What was with that random dude who kept hugging cooper's mom?
no, I think we just need to develop an Eric Wedge vaccine.
So sorry for Friday noise.
HS student group on an official visit were learning how to use a uni library.
Will addoctorss issue.
So dead today
me too D:.
inferenceandethnography wins prize for the longest
oh haha not the smartest idea lol
Yo !!
I loved your energy, and I look forward to hearing more music from you!
Let's build Hun!
We have tickets in hand for the Kill Devil Hill show on Oct.
29th.
Check our website for details and order yours today!
certified pimp.
Hahah
Oh how come?
musician with cancer
I've been smiling at my phone all day 
finally above 60 degrees time to regrip the Mizuno's!
Fuck I need chino shorts
Louisville is 5for11 from beyond the arc and 1for10 from inside it.
Makes sense.
One takeaway from High Museum's ArtClix app: image recognition is hard.
I wish summer would get pregnant so we'd have 9 months off.
Happy Friday Travelers!!
Have a safe and happy weekend!
It's my mission this summer to read and finish 50 Shades, so excited.
Time To sleep after a crazy night ...
Cross Country Flight to CALIFORNIA in the early morning 
Some people take things way to seriously ps who the hell is Jasper hello temptation how dose he always get my number :
Omg so close
Old Lady bitch got me fucked up,i hit old ppl miss...
LOL I think it counts, he loves himself more than anyone trueloverightthere ;
Packers not looking real crisp through a quarter and a half of this one
Rolled thru and picked up the goods!!
Combat 3Berry and Shred.Matrix tabs!!
Thanks Chuck!!
Teaching 4th graders to play ice hockey then game later
if only you had someone cool to talk to.
RT : I love watching entrepreneurs make game changing relationships.
Thanks for making it out to SURF last night!
What it do twit fam???
Whats New been gone for a min now im back up in it
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve InSpotter mobile app
FRIDAY SPECIAL Get 1,000 Twitter Followers for only 25 Dollars.
1 Day only!
Must place order before Oct.
1st!!!!!!
Just heard from my parents.
SANTA FE on NW 23rd has A FREE FOOD FIESTA from 7 pm to 9:30 pm NEW YEARS EVE...
Doing great!
How are you?
good morning!
wow.
clippers.
gotta give em props.
27 point comeback, that's skill...
Listening to Pandora on my iPad.....
Power and money, or the revival of your country and people?
People were already complaining about the secularization of Christmas 117 years ago.
lol my cousin gives good massages!
I'm like doctoroling over here :p jk
Excited to watch Castle tonight.
Nathan Fillion makes me happy in my places.
I lost the Little doctormmer Boy game today at Green Apple Books.
Well that was awful!
There's always the Bruins!
collective intelligence  no one person knows it all so we gather to pool knowledge and skills
If you're starting an amateur blog, would your goto still be ?
Or is now the favored contender?
Try changing your password.
It's usually really easy to fix PS  saw you w/STT  Fugazi
There's actually a place in Atlanta called Chico  Chang's Mexican  Chinese Takeout.
Just give up, other businessmen.
Cool.
Thx.
I have I checked out Nexus.
Really easy 2 install  great documentation.
Can tell u put a lot of time in.
you can leave your hats on.
I came from a broken home.
No seriously, I grew up in a mobile home.
Everything was broken in that fucking place.
hey Imma follow you make sure you follow back
click my follow button??
: it would make me the happiest EVER!
Ready for him to come home!!!
My students have been the best medicine I have ever been given.
I truly appreciate them.
Damn Diablo 3 looks like it goes in
I think tonight I'll just stay home and play with my bookmarklets.
O I didn't know how you spelt his last name ha
sea What is the most honest thing you have done?
question: what would you do if I sent you a paper bag.
And in that paper bag was a kitten.
A kitten wearing kitten mittens?
what are your options?
Its Sunday so I keep thinking that I have to last minute homework to do.
Nopppeee.
Summer is here:
TONIGHT  The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip  Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
im so bored!
Hey there Great to meet you!
Hope all is well!!
Tried following the Hello World tutorial.
Uploaded server.js, but I get an error telling me the app directory is empty.
Pop for the ring breaking but I don't like the no contest finish.
Also that wasn't legit
RT And thank you to all of you who have already followed me on :
please come to New jersey!
wee love you here!!!
ff Amazing saxophonist and composer.
Produced and played on my upcoming album on , check him out!
i woke up this morning with that girl by all time low playing in my head...couldn't resist listening to them this morning
Is Bron Bron rocking the doctornk tweet???
Not going to lie, watching this fight makes me wanna break out my Wii Boxing
Its not something kids think about when in the heat of the moment, they expect people that look scary
Happy Turkey Day!!!!!
KTD donates new logo and business cards to District of Paws dog walking!
Ok Blazer fans.
I am tired of reading about who Allen has or has not interviewed for manager or coach.Time to crap or get off the pot.
Someone please tell me that Cher isn't seriously in a J14 magazine.....
Let yourself fall.
lmaoooo!
Omg I haven't heard that in forever
Birthday eve Cabernet on the deck.
Cheers!
you should be!
Ahh jk!
How are you?
How does the sound quality compare to original vinyl if it's being pressed from digital files?
Starting THIS Thursday  MLTOriginal Band Night!
Coming up 4/5 is Hollow doctorve!
Come check them out!
Show begins  9!
All the King's Chins
Fei ji!
Just flew in one of those today.
Right now the last person students ask for help in academic libraries is the librarian...
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger
Wish I could make it out to the doctorwing opening, but see you on Sat at 1PM.Best wishes on a great show!
Waiting for thought police to come knock on my door next.
he'd have to change his wardoctorbe lol
you do!!
Lol I was about to go open an account lol
Seriously though and show is absolutely inspiring they are Aahhhmazing.

is tonight's game televised locally??
Wedding invites in the mail.
Guess that means it is really happening!
excited!
When you love someone, stalk them free.
This is more of a singalong...if you love someone..stalk them frreee!
We are excited to have you!
Im no campaign expert but I think that's an early stage thing.
This close to June 5 should be focused on GOTV
Ms.
Duff speaks of the language skills and benefits in reading that stay with students through high school thanks to FLES.
that moment when u haven't seen someone in a while and u finally see them and first thing that come out your mouth i thought u died!
lolita by throw me the statue is equivalent to me jumping around dancing.
WELCOME TO TWITTER 
Let your life begin and your clarity define you, the only person that you are living for is yourself remember that in the end its up to you!
Rumor has it....
its in the 70's in Texas!
Come visit the dirty south!
we need to go to korean bbq one day :D
tried to call you
THANK YOU to everyone who came to our album release at last night, we sold it out w  , thanks guys!!!
RT for all of the girls that call themselves mister.
Smith !3
New York Mets best record in the MLB!
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Ben Franklin
Great!
I'll look forward to that.
I am so sorry you didn't get to see Milwaukee, though.
This city on the lake is a gem.
Nothing can stop us!
RT : Rainy day at UCBrunch but im still having fun
Come to New York Comedy Club on Sat 4/21 8:00 to see me do stand up!
Hey Jamie Moyer just won a game at 49...
You can swing a bat right?
The one and only time I ate at Arby's, it was late night and the roast beef tasted like fis
Joe Duffy,where are you?wondering why employeesof SanDiego City News havent been paid?Call me or I could golooking for you if you prefer.
ill dm you
Lucroy lines a single  RT : fearthebeer lets go brewers
They are doing bp!?
GUESS WHAT.
My mom got me tickets too see you this summer.
W/ ; CAN'T WAIT.
shut up see that's why I can't be nice to lil mindless boys
Thanks so much for following!
We hope you like our site.
And an early welcome to the District for your show on Sunday!
Sounds good!
I'll be at Manitoba's tonight from around 7:30PM till around 9 or 10PM, stop by if you're in the area!
Stocks slip on concerns Euro crisis will spread US stocks fall after Ireland asks for help from the European Union, traders ask who's next
WINNER WiNNER CHICKEN DINNER!!
lol RT : all over that lol
When old people bitch about how much things better use to be in the old days 
Turkey and Friends meeting tonight, same place same time
Wearing a blazer, looking sexy.
50's called earlier, told me I looked good
so true!!
They know the roots about u!!!
really...it applies in every context.
OH can regulate our work on the ground in OH.
We can get this right.
Gov Kasich on natgas at
And apparently it just got worse....will post more in a few...
Ok.
Nevermind Mc Donald's.
My soul is crying.
Oh well...
is working on his President Report.
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend.
If she doesnt get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
Hey .
can you please keep me updated with the ICONic Boyz  Vinny's dance class .
please :
WaysToGetShot talk back to ya mama
When are we going to start talking about the real infosec threat?
The employee!
Anyone done phishing training?
Time to put  into prep!
Watching dolphins and enjoying doctornks at The Beach House in Cardiff
My annie trippn , bitch give me them dam keys
happy mothers day!
Thanks for coming!!!
RT : sorry I had to leave.
So good to see you.
Also Loved the last song!
has the small hands..
But has the teeny weenie :'
8th graders are coming to look at the high school today....I remember, that tour didn't help me with anything!
Grading, laundoctor and groceries....
LMFAOOOOOO PHILLY LEADING YO IM CRYING
sounds fantastic!
Wow...NOW I remember WHY I stopped watching BBW ..Suzie's mouth ANNOYS me, rachettness by grown women and NOBODY IS A WIFE!
Go figure!!
RT : It should be understood that you only get one bless you no matter how many times you sneeze.
true and hilarious
Gaybi???
I am simply speechless concerning that eye shadow.
lol
I have to make technical diagrams today for thermostats...
graphics design isn't always as much fun as they lead it on to be...
austin's crazy curly hair 
RT : Jealous: It may take weeks, but we will ensure that the rule of law applies in Sanford.
I'm a hopless romantic
This looks incredible!
How long will the exhibit be in place?
Is there a website with more info?
I love Barack Obama lol Michelle you got a goodern 3
What a fantastic weekendthanks to all you hybridirelands folks for stimulating ideas, fascinating dialogue, and afterhours merriment
Stephen Covey book the Speed of Trust.
A main component is listening, without focus on the intent to reply; most do not
i'm kidding dude.
Yes, TGIF!
Have a good weekend!
So now that the NFL season is officially over..
what's next?
NHL avg tix price 76.
NBA 47.
MLB season around the corner: 46
Friday is here...
so are the showers!
Showers  storms likely today around Central Ohio.
So far, they've used their laptops to look up some pertinent information I've asked for.
At the same time, some seem to not be paying attent
Not sure how that officer was found not guilty!
The video had enough evidence.
Smh.
What can I say, White Boy Red Necks are stupid fucks!
Happiness is a lazy day!
GRAND SLAM NEW GUY!!!!!
How do you handle linking to subscription databases?
Ten exams review days.
Gonna have a trip then.
you can tell i haven't smoked today.
irritated as fuck.
Chapel Hill on Getaways??
Oh hayy
i like it, you look good
what time and what airport?
there's been some comparison to him, so I guess we'll see.
Said his fastest 40 time was a 4.26
Squid vs Whale release opening is gonna be tons o' fun tonight.
Sports being in my time away from work, not on state time.
Oh shit, I'm not wearing green today.
did u edited ur photo ??
Thank you for following!
Looking forward to learning about the artists.
Great museum app:: Props for great content by in Infinity of Nations app family guide!
mw2011 simobile
I went to Costco just for the free samples.
And then they all died.
The end.
I mean, niente
Fergie says a girl like me doesn't stay single too long guys forget that until I'm gone !
I need my rest if not I'll get bags under my eyes :
I want new episodes of My Little Pony already.
:
I'm in Toward All Digital Workflow.
LISTENIN  CALLIN LET'S TALK SEX doctor Rubinstein hosts Lou Paget BlogTalkRadio.com/LARubinstein.com 6/25/11 10:00 AM EST
It's not easy, but it's possible  things I found out about 3 months ago.
What city??
thank you!
that moment when you feel like there's a million needles poking your heart.
RT : Much like RT : Biden Minimizes Browser Window Every Time Obama Walks By
Huguely lawyer to jury involuntary manslaughter requires your careful consideration.
Hope you fell better soon Ms !!!
Cant wait to play when your arm is all healed :
Oh!
sorry!
We had storm problems last week, no power.
stay safe!
I can send you a picture of Malcolm and I, but I guarantee you it won't bring you as much joy as Biscuit's pic brings me each day.
Right!
I just got out of the movie and I loved it!
doin hard work makes u score BIG!
Safe, sound, and oh so cute!
Oh, I won't beat him.
Some lunatic out there will though.
By publishing crap.
Coming from an artist, that is a very nice compliment, thank you!
I'd prioritize the laptop.
Preferably a 15.6 or a 17 for you.
Haha but what do I know.
I don't know shit about film
Employers get good feel for a candidates personality, qualifications, communication  interests based on Facebook activity
I'd be amazing at the recorder.
RT Ever wonder what would happen if you had more fingers?
Everyone follow  buy there iPhone app they have the best push services for Twitter facebook  mail these guys are awesome
Lots of Blue Box folks at railsconf!
Come say hi and get a BB sticker!
I like how you're smart and stuff.
My room looks like a stoners room rite now
The gravity of the situation requires nothing less.
That moment you eat so much you feel pregnant
It's a really unique color.
We're fans!
hey can u follow me thanks
Words to live by.
RT : Love is like water.
If it doesn't flow, it stagnates.
NEVER NEvER Do That!
Watching prospects of Midwest/Great Lakes snowstorm come Xmas Eve/Xmas Day.
I can send it to you of to have a doctorp box account.
Okay good one, well you never know, my creative endeavors does involve creating my own products,  Detroit is the ideal place.
We need at least five votes by the City Council body to make D3 map an option and go against the legal opinion.
I bet Jagr and the old Fox Robot Hockey Guy from the 90's are in cahoots over this whole JagrWatch fiasco
i love ur lips as well hun
Love the headband alternative to a veil!
Happy Tuesday All!!!
Nominate a deserving female from NYC area for the ULTIMATE makeover...times running out!
I'm done.
I'm done texting you first.
I'm done hoping you'll call and I'm done crying myself to sleep.
You're just not worth it anymore.
I know!
We will coordinate it.
Are you living back there now?
Sit down to do homework...Open facebook.
Actually start on homework 2 hours later.
I was just forced to take a pic with peppermint patty and Marci.
Happy Tuesday everyone!!!
Mention Twitter or FB and receive 10 off...!!!
Cool got alot of good things coming up good networking event.
Some people you cant help but hate...
I have zero tolerance for Fat hoes at the gym ZERO
Howard Stern just crushed on the Today Show.....
Anything else interesting said about the O's?
Yup!
Eh, oh well.
Lol RT : Haven't heard much out of those black bear fans tonight
: Brilliant win of 48hr film frenzy on !!
Why yes, I'm a terrible friend.
Cannot invest my time wisely.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Henry J.
Kaiser
I was wondering what happened to the Chevy's in Mission Valley...random visit there and realized it was closed!
One see's clearly only with the heart.
Anything essential is invisible to the eyes.
It's so windy my 15 lb.
dog is getting blown over!
BOL
Love the tease that is SF weather.
Sunny and cloudless; gusty winds makes it jacketmandatory weather.
RT : Money is not the tool of the moochers, who claim your product by tears, or of the looters, who take it from you by force.
Less than an hour for the Rangers ALCS game 4 to start!
Do you think today's game is a must win for the Rangers?
I agree.
Although the contracting would be hard if they let us choose.
Plus, what if we choose someone and they can't do it?
Don't fall in the with the nia, fall in love wit the moment...playa playbook baby!
Lol!
I got you covered!!
I'll give you gel nails so your natural nails can heal and grow out  I've got glittery pink...
Stephanie is the best ever ;

don't want a reason to stay.
I can't have someone hold me back.
I need to get away from this place.
What should I do!!!!
Happy New Year!
'bout to start my insanity work out for the day fuckkkk
Thanks to everyone that attended our Launch Party last night!
This phone is stressing me.
No, no I won't be gate checking my briefcase.
This, no F line, no kiosks at car return...
Next time, I'll just pay 's premium!
Adoctoran Johnson has NEVER gave Yankees calls their way....
Happy Birthday
It's the BBC's Robin Hood television series.
I want a new tattoo!!
Happy Birthday!!!
I'm a big fan of The band, but you're my favorite.
Impossible is just an excuse not to start: 5.03 mi run with a pace of 11'23/mi with Nike GPS.
It is really one of the best moment for freddy.
Congrats to him for a
Actually sell something with text marketing, track how many sales you made, to whom and why they bought it.
AMAZING!
Convinced my mom to not let me go to school today 
Plaza I steak soup, cornbread and pumpkin beer.
SO DOMESTIC.
It's way too early to be talking that loud on ths train......
Man this heat, eh?
Cool off on Wednesday, we'll have free iced coffee, icees, and other frozen doctornks at coffee hour  Brown Garden
I'd keep playin I don't think the heavy stuff will be comin down for awhile
No one quite knows me better than my DG, aka princess, Barbie, miss sparkle style, superstar, Mami......: I love u
finished with remote, waiting for
Yes!
It happened RT Holy crossover!
The black smoke monster from Lost just came out of a lady's vagina in GameofThrones!
Consider utilizing a 529 plan college savings account.
Investments grow tax deferred and there are no income or age limitations.
These are so much fun!
Cumberland collective.
don't miss them.
they'll move you to dance and then move you to tears.
I'm not coming back for spring break :
Thought Milwaukee was?
MT : Context on Joey Votto deal: Cincy is the smallest local tv market in United States among MLB cities
its fixed now, apparently I hit the wrong button...but I'm now retweetable :
Well looks like the same ol song and dance in Newark...devils swarming
I was fucking sleep  she gone wake me up on some bull crap .
it's been inspiring to read the passion in your Open Web tweets today.
Keep leading the wayI'm behind you.
Sorry, ran out of room for my smiley : It just sounds unsupportive when people say they won't watch b/c of a specific celebrity.
Todays episode was amazing!
We love Ellen and cant wait to start on Lisas home.
:  Live your life to express, not to impress.
I'm as invisible as the wind to you.
Even though you apparently love how the wind feels.
Shout out to for the 18 pizzas!
Thanks, Ed Davis!
with the Halloween season coming, please give a Black Cat or Kitten a forever home, 99 of Black Cats never leave the shelter alive...
Ya know...
in other cultures the young care for the old and they are only trapped in the burbs if they wanna be.
on behalf of the internet....thank you for that.
ThingsThatMakeMeHappy When my gas tank is full, I'm off, I got to hang with my best girl, and I have him: how can it get better?!;
There are lots of toy lines that might make okay action movies, but battleship is one of the dumbest ideas one could have
Hey chica!
Your picture is so purty!!
it would be awesome dont deny
Wtf?
Don't get all pissed off 'cause you can't play.
rest in peace, mister Clark...
Enjoy your new show, Heavenly Bandstand....
Did a little spring cleaning and got rid of 4 trash bags full of trash and 3 trash bags full of clothes !
Let's go norfolk state!
Kenny, I want to hit you up on Linkedin if I may?
I'm trying to gain good contacts in sports and at Gatorade.
Be good brotha'.
I didn't know you are a Cappy!!
We rock!!
RT : Sen.
Pipkin refers to as 2 billion man...referring to amount in new taxes since the gov took office.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 3w
I'm seeing the Lions winning thiswe can't stop their passing game
Fantasy: As I turn down the radio to help a hot customer she tells me not to because she loves the song.
Then I jump the desk and we escape.
Dear Internet: What are your favorite nondairy snacks?
awesome video...more should follow your lead.
I think that means it was a successful workout though
I'm gone kiss you right..
Ha!
thanks Kay!
Have a great Tuesday!
Politicians in parades are like commercials before a movie.
Somewhere between tolerated and annoying.
YES!
: Rise and shine social team!
Get ready for a fun afternoon in the salon.
Thanks for RTs, Steven!
Going to the nyc pillow fight without a pillow!
his should be interesting.
I bet we get more than one...I heard that traderjoe's likes opening more than one store at a time.
your welcome!
:
hi everyone i havent been on in a loonngggg time xD soo tweet me if u want!
D
It looks to be a great resource  simple tool set.
Thinking bout posting a track for yall tonite...
Testing my engineering
Absolutely insane game between Barcelona and Chelsea.
Chelsea holds off Barca with only 10 men for 45 minutes and scores twice
Love....unconditionally.
Get it?
Would rather argue than seek truth??
Really u don't get this???
Jesus.
RT : RT : Good people!
My film The Color Of Acceptance will be on ABC TODAY at 1 PM set your DVR Indie film!
Come on Clippers let's get em !
Pie Addicts  Appalachian Granny's Pie Tasting, this Saturday from 13 pm, 4989 Cleveland Ave., here at ACME of course.
Tastings are FREE!
Sometimes RT : you guys feature rappers?
It's not even 1:15 and I've already been to 2 malls in Indy and a furniture store in Homer, IN.
doing well!
Saw your interview the other day with the guys.
Looks like you are doing well with the TV gig!
Cheers to 2012!
I love going to a place where I get free wings
IMO undertaker is the greatest WWE wrestler of all time he has given so much of his life to his fans and the WWE and his fans are loyal fans
We were watching it,  are still recording it, but the poor writing was just too much.
Has doctorpped to bottom of To Watch List
How can one argue w/ that?
RT : Me because I just made you guys a lot of mula racks skrill cheese
Have you not seen in infamous Gstring wearing cyclist yet?
Bolivia's a very windy place.
Lemons will stay fresh longer if you store them in a bowl of cold water in the fridge.
They'll keep up to months this way.
Why the disappointment?
I think Avatar could be good.
i never get tired of my background xD
ur the one on the far right...?
And u look good then a mf wit dat bright blonde hair
Right click is for Windows :P I'd like to see the action you can perform.
Maybe a toolbar, not column
I'll say that no, I don't think that Sporting is a one trick pony.
I think I'm going to go with Sharks because I can just taste that lemon pepper chicken right now!
I'm about to MAX!.
and because of you I will be hungover on this coming Friday morning!
Thanks for helping promote HouseParty2012 !
Looking forward to having you there!
mine is dying too!!
I'm breaking my neck trying to tweet, doctornk, n watch the game LOL
Raw emotions like ALL SHEality TV, right?
LOL!
: You, reading this right now.
You're perfect :
Want a unique iPhone4?
We can do full color conversion for your front and back screen all colors available!
Anita's keynote is central core reason we are doing active transportation summit and not just bike summit.

RT : Obligatory snow status
then dm it to me
Hannah from  Liz Lemon in her early/mid twenties.
I love it.
Welcome on board
I've never heard a medical argument, except for on House.
This has now changed.
Great Advice!
me too!
Everybody here is a spurs or mavericks fan.
And I can't watch them here either.
But I get to
Its on  poppin tonight...ALL WHITE PARTY AT THE AIRPORT HILTON
I love going on Jogs it was amazing today
I wish I could wear my Irish wrist watch...the only tongue twister that gets me every time
Listening to the mozinar seo webinar, basic, but informative and a good refresher on KW usage.
Modern thoughts about each other can't make you shine out any brighter.
::kent::before it all ends::
We are too!
it is going to be wUNDIEful ;
It's silly to analyze political impact of gay marriage policy shift for Obama.
It's a clear win because it keeps attention off economy.
Big shout out to our FireBird Varsity Baseball team!
DistrictChamps !
Isn't it nice that there are so many interesting people in the world doing so many interesting things?
Working on yearend valuations.
Business valuations are not a seasonal thing, they are an all year thing.
Heyy shorty!
My friend posted the clip of the bball wives reunion show!
Hilarious!
Miss u dahling!
Let the 21 hour trek begin.
haha,great idea !
:D
I heard some real stuff last night
OMG who pissed in your Fairy Cup ??????
that's what I'm talkin' about.
Bam!
From my hip to yours!
Unless you play UK RT : S/O to The Ohio State Buckeyes on making it to the Final 4!!
Congrats homies.
Best of luck in the N.O
Love and miss you too.
See ya in a month!
: As DoJ rightly says the Wire Act doesnt apply to online poker, please request a markup for the Online Poker Act
He wanted to be a Knick, he wanted what no other superstar did, to try to win in NY!
Yea Melo real
what is this Google you speak of?
No one tells me anything anymore...
kids Babies and Books at Sewickley Public Library, Tue, May 15 11:00a: Nursery and action rhymes, books and songs for childoctorn from...
Wish are pool was open
Good night have a good Day tomorrow loveyou 
I'll probably spend more time indoors than an ice cube tray.
At Amoeba Records LA: What should I buy?
New LOW record?
First CALLA record?
The much maligned recent MIA record?
yesyeswhynot?
U.S.
Senate has rebuffed S.J.
Res.
6, an effort to overturn the FCCs Open Internet rule by a vote of 4652.
and to a different day.
Kiss of death!
Haha shut up!!!
provides a great way to spread messages of hate about homosexuals and when you complain you get a closed ticket
thank you lovely!
Can't wait for our twitter explanation session.
:
Agreed, looking fwd to it!!
RT : Just had a great meeting with  cannot wait to work together!
Ok.
If i chat there do I have to join something or download..
wanna eat everything insight
bourbon street grille
Delta will implement circumcision tests on flight to Saudi Arabia starting in 2012.
No biggie, since TSA has your pants down anyway...
Brewing Brazilian and Colombian!
College Night Thursday WEST 3 U CALL IT!
Ladies  College FREE b4 11.
18up welcome!
Get at me 4 more info:
Sorry Borlin, Twitter says your site may be unsafe!
:
Help trend RyanKennedy he's a cancer patient that wants to trend on twitter!: so make it happen 3
Bitch get out
always for brandon belt when they bring him back
Whelp looks like I can get a few hours of sleep
nice SnapBack, Chicago bulls!
Most dope thanks alot you douchebag hahahah.
Just saw a cop dog attack a nig..
haha!
you're quite the silly one!
OMG on euthanasia bracelets
Thanks Denise!
How is everything going with you in ff2f?
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.
Maya Angelou
on this weekends agenda: Beer, Avengers, Karaoke.
Katonah's a nice spot to visit.
Just ask !
RT : 11 hours, one way.
Road trip!
We have this info for you.
Will shoot you an email w/ the recap : cc:
: I Manage the Top 2 TeaParty Organizations on Twitter.Reply if you'd like help managing your account!.
ThatAnnoyingMoment when you lookin all around for ya remote and it was rite next to you
NP Fuck the City UpChris Brown
Peyton Hillis is looking worse and worse with these bizarre stories of late.
He needs to clarify this agent/retirement situation ASAP...
RUreading Just read Let the Great World Spin on doctor K's recommendation.
Beautifully written, tho iffy about depiction of MO as the South
Farewell Discovery!
So sad that the space program is ending, seems surreal.
Hope we revive it in our childoctorn's lifetime...
she said it's a day of chilling back with her people lol
Pan Seared Bass: on a corn and onion arepa with tomato onion sauce and herb oil
I also wish I understood dani lmao but  it, Paulie , since we are bros now lmao
Listening to Super Bass now reminds me of and 333
My nerves are so bad somebody pray for me.
Your waddle is my sprint :
the key is to go fast
The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it.
Fatherinlaw says he can tell I've lost weight!
I've only been doing this for a month good sir but thank you!
Yeah, Al confirmed that.
Sucks.
Oh man I can be such an idiot sometimes
Popped jelly belly balloons everywhere this morning
Bring your kids out to Boyette Park Tomorrow I will be doing 3 shows for NorthBridge Church at the Jelly Bean Hunt.
1st show is at 12:15.
Austin inpspired me.
He makes me happy love you 
Sitting here working on homework ready for Christmas to be here so I can surprise my mister and moms dukes
Jorts at tin roof
The DHS Game was awesome we lost 727 i think thts a new record!
best score yet.
No surprise, I'm pretty sure tickets to see Jeff Tweedy at DC's Lincoln Theatre must have just sold out in 4seconds flat.
Darnit,
Nice seein ya last night
I just cried in class listening to Vengeance.
its been about a month since I've listened to it and it still hurts.
wow!
Thank you so much your continued support!!!
Delicious Veal Rib Ravioli with Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus as the appetizer special, come by and try some!!
Favorite nonpornographic magazine to masturbate to?
Good House Keeping.
Sweet shirts on your website!
Can I send you w 1 of my ADD shirts as a thank you for sharing the ADD quote?
No charge.
Not so much enjoying the fact that i have a job right now.
If I gave a shit I'd tell you.
My silence speaks for itself.
im a little new to twitter so bare with me
Today's ErinMommyoatmeal album: To the Yet Unknowing World by Erin's rocking out.
Another scrumpdiliotious dinner !
Not only is food delish, the service is outstanding!
good for you, I havent been on twitter as much, but same old stuff!
Can people be happy and nice today?
That would be great.
Make that money, don't let the money make you!!!
LOL in my Diamond voice
Woke up this morning feeling like straight CaH
My Dad doctornk a Little and Smoked but quit both when I was about 13 to set a Good example for me.
Parenting 101 pls RT
When girls are like no homo that's not the first thing that comes to mind!lt;
was goin in last night.
Shouts to them one time
Calling it a early night.
work in the morning and i am tired.
Dont miss me too much ok?
jk.: Nite everyone
TOOOOOONIGHHTTTT WE ARE YOUNG!!!
SO LETS SET THE WORLD ON FIIREEEE WE CAN BURN BRIGHTER THAN THE SUUUNNNNN LMAO
you out here?
SO cute!!!!
Hope she enjoys the movie!!!
i will not be on the rest of the week :
Love walking to dinner on HstNE.
Pho bar after being home sick all day.
Going to be a great year for us...
On Q Nites Chicago www.onqnites.com
wish my ultra hipster neighborhood would get a decent gas station.
Do they make locally sourced organic gasoline?
cc:
and you can probably jerk off too much but there are much greater things to worry about than social media.
Happy to keep you company!
That's one of those superadvanced Twitter features.
I CAN NOT WAIT FOR THE CONCERT ON FRIDAY 3
fucked up by dis accusation I'm strait outchea tryna get it an 2take frm u I'm ijs it's like a epicfail But a I still u  not leavin
I NEED ONE DIRECTION TICKET FOR DETROIT!
Where is marc 511?
Oh my god.
I just got offered a job at Google.
Yes, but does have ANUS burgers?
Happy 5th Anniversary !
And a huge thanks to Amos and Swifty for doing our 1st recipe design class yesterday
If all else fails I say 'think domestic Peace Corps.' Not my favorite answer, but it works sometimes.
Who's hitting those HappyHours later to Winedown?
DM your email and I'll send you a Bartab doctornk!
When someone tells you the same story over and over and over!
it's not real lol their paid to 'act' like that.
Time to work!
Smh feel like punching a wall ugh
coming up at 9: Battle for Haiti on PBS
is that what they are saying now?
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him 2 evil ways.
Buddha
Just curious....does your company still have a company picnic?
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH OMG haha :
and if it did, hopefully you're near the PEC...
Masters weekend is by far the best weekend of sports all year.
Hands down.
When the road ahead seems too long look back to see how far you've come.
can y'all play steve pointdexter computer madness pleez?
ron weasely what ed sheeran what
I am looking for shelter groups to test my website homelessdogmusic.com.
please contact me so we can partner.
I will when your in my arms :'
Don't talk about it, be about it!
I am a true lost cause when someone wakes me up....I am always extra confused!!
We're excited to see everyone at the URJBiennial in less than 2 weeks.
Stop by the JPS booth and say hi!
Hey Norway fans!
Thanks for the love!
Have fun playing iPhone game!
You guys are awesome!
a friend and I were talking about it till 1:30am last night.
Gemma and Tara are killing IT.
IT'S GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOVE IT!
All in favor in designating as official mascot of say Aye.
Aye!
Thanks for joining!
I will.
I'm not afraid to say IM A SIMPSONIZER.
I luv u !
Omg!
So much turkey!
I love thanksgiving!
Football, family, and food.
ily sister!
not a problem
: So the Bills doctorfted a CB that's raw.
That's far  FAR  from the worst pick so far.
They are going to love him!
staring at a wall is beginning to seem more fun then this....
i make it
were having a special guest speaker on the 15th...Please visit website or send message for more details....
Anyone know of any good photographers in Orlando Florida??
I agree with : The attrition rate stats would be quite interesting.
just not providing any family like benefits for them.
oh dang!
I just saw this!
Thanks girlie : so embarrassing!!
I'm pretty sure midterms will be the death of me.
Will Def Check Out Idiot Abroad ...
The Title Alone Is Intriguing
right now?
yay!
I have the collection buy haven't watched that one yet.
I saw the one on Mexico and Peru though!
When you look at me, you make my heart skip a beat3
Eggshell Bistro darling Euro type cafe 4 ADULTS...2 much glass  tight space  NOT 4 toddlers!
Yum menu  coffee though!
yes sir, can't wait 2 c ya play!!
I hear u r lookin great in the pick up games!!
NOPE....Not at all...
I feel like I'm missing out on tons of info!
any helpful tips?
Rain in San Francisco
great work on your latest mental model article with indi!
Penguin will print Inaugural Addoctorss Feb 4.
Will it note that Obama quoted PAT PAULSEN's slogan, We Cannot Stand Pat!
Just finished watchin America Revealed Made in the USA.
Great episode, keep 'em coming!
That was a great outdoors class.
Great networking seminar yesterday with Tangible Ireland!
We enjoyed giving our presentation about dance and cultural innovation.
I have pictures of that shit :D
Definitely!!
Miss you too, Ms.
Maya.
Sleep tight!
like last week
I love it, ladybug!
And big congrats on the Huffpost blogging...
just now saw that!
xo
great workout!!!
fitness and fashion go hand in hand!!!!
fashiongigs F
thank you so much 
I'm hoping we can get out yet this afternoon for the Sam's trip.
If so...
they'll be cookies!
dam i am trying to dip
UM WHERE WAS LAST NIGHT.
What goes better with late night Jesus TV than a champagne mango martini?
not sure if i'm more excited about tomorrow's sunday brunch or tonight's pampered chef bingo...
either way, i just aged 20 years
so i saw unknown last night...
so amazing.
Cannot believe how many dog food brands there are out there!!
Happy New Year!
Registration 4 EdcampSS will be opening this week.
Stay tuned 4 more details.
www.edcampss.org
Thanks and !!
Amen, sister!
WHERE'S THE NUTELLA.
Yes definitely we do need to .
I've missed you too its been almost a year that I haven't seen you .
Aww really , I'll text you:
Come on dallas gotta fight 4 that rebound!
Mitch Daniels said alot of things but I'll summarize the point he was really trying to make: Be very afraid, the President is black.
More has to be done to get ballots to nursing homes.
Nowadays they arent just old folks home, but rehab facillities.
UNMUTE the masses!
I feel where you coming from and where you taking your audience.
Respect.
This week is warming up starting with today!
54F and SUNNY!
Ride on!
I will just get you a six pack, but then 153 days is a long time so I may just doctornk them all by then.
Hahaha
re app store not fond of encouraging proprietary additions to Koha
JUST RANG TICKETMASTER???
IF YOU WERE EMAILED!
YOU ARE GUARANTEED TO HAVE THE TICKETS!
THEY ARE HAVING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS!
RT
i know exactly the technique to which you refer.
i have 3 cats that do that.
i call it the flopperton
Since 'proper' is a term mostly used by Brits and 'pants' means underwear in Britain, your tweet took on a whole new meaning.
You can't send him there  BB
Anytime Eric!
Thanks for following us, as well!
It's so PERFECT!
Chase presents Big Freedia's Halftime Show.
Shop Around the Corner sounds like its the kind of thing that will make me get all blubbery!
I can't wait!
shucks!
Austin Area Foundation grant is actually for Austin, Minnesota!
: RT : Need a new car soon any suggestions?
DUDE  get a Delorean!
to go with the back to the future sneaks!
seriously!
If she has to ask, she shouldn't be running
you haven't missed too much!
Welcome to the party!
Cheap Airsoft Sniper Rifles: Spring Powered Rifles :O shooters
Idea for a Methodist moving company: 1 Elder, 1 Deacon and a Prius and we would only work June to July, who's in on this small business idea
You should follow :D it would be greatly appreciated, and he's pretty awesome!
Way to make me feel better, Jamiesan...
RT : Every time I read an article about conservatives being pro life I am reminded of my brother who died......
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore Because you acted way different on twitter  facebook than in real life
followed!
follow back?
Waitin for the right one
worst game of phone tag ever
Aight Clippers if yall wanna get back in this game,get Bledsoe,Evans and KMart back in
My new book just came in the mail today, I'm old school, I like to hold books in my hand, no digital books for me!
Great aascu academic affairs conference in Portland.
Lots of discussion about blendkit, nglc.
Blended learning.
Academic innovation.
Very true!
Glad you are having fun.
Thanks for keeping us informed.
Hopefully DH will forgive you eventually.
Telling it like it is.
Sue me.
But we forgot some things downstairs before coming to bed...
What to do?
imthankfulfor all of my friends and family and glad they are all healthy i love you all
Well it does not have to match exactly.
Try moving it a bit in the room or in different places in your house.: TY
Unethical behavior is punished or at the very least, frowned upon, should ethical behavior be rewarded?
Got Cuban cigars and Cuban chicks like bars, hop in my spacewhip an cruze among the stars.
; lol good afternoon twitterers
Bummer.
You could've bought lots of hookers and coke with that money.
alatech11 Sue Polanka: 3d printing for diagrams for blind students.
Love it!
Flag on the field: Unnecessary Graphics, 15 Yards.
Do broadcasters get in the way of the game?
thatawkwardmoment when you fart in front of your crush
: I love your book recs so much I think we should we just merge our reading brains.
It would save so much time!
do you think the actual shooting act was an accident or intentional?
The professorling is obvious.
hey austin c;
Thanks baby RT SHOUT OUT
We got a wealth of new members todaythank you to all our new FUELers for joining the team!
Fulfilling 2 lifelong doctorams in 2 weeks : working w Simon Rattle, and starting rehearsals for Don Giovanni.
Best.
Job.
Ever.
Listening to La Lupe.
I love that maniacal laugh she had.
Cracks me up every time
why make fake twitter accounts?
honestly whats the point?!
My favorite garden there, LOVE the koi pond!
mister Miyagi Type Quote for Life : Be Humble
On my way to muncie staying with some family.
think it airs this fall, but nit sure exactly when.
Just saw a commercial for it last night.
All's good on my end.
You?
TOO many young females have kids.
yeah seriously.
: Stop being a dick and lay off the spam!!!
we're so excited to help with the legal stuff!
Can't wait for the next swap  Lyn knows I've got something good up my sleeve..
Miss yah sweetie
Found out more about Twitter, I LOVE twitter.
There are so many interesting people on here!
Hey now, don't forget, nonmarried straight couples are SINNERS.
So it's aokay, democratic  multifaceted exclusion.
good image..
lol
Today 1:30pm African Film Festival screening Mama Africa.
I'm moderating QA w Kathleen Cleaver.
Lincoln Center NYC
Thanks!
Glad you like the new KPBS iPhone app!
RT : thank you SO much!
Finally I can listen again in the go!
Life is beautiful, terms and conditions applied
Excited about the Winterhawks acquiring Seth Jones from Everette Silvertips.
A great addition to the team.
Now, I'm watching Scrubs.
HaHa.
So funny!
what do you mean by 12?

Office is a little crazy with everyone getting ready to leave for Chicago!
I'll give a shutout to the next couple of people who follow !
Tweet me done after you follow her : she loves 1D too!
Go go go
he at least wore the right colors, sporting blue!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
New fall menu by starts tonight!
Bay Scallop Risotto, Char Siu Glazed Duck, Curried Pumpkin  Crab Soup and much more ...
Happy Birthday to the !
The Continental Congress established the Continental Navy on October 13, 1775.
hii, do you know what studio is it that she's working in?
Of any hotel details?
I'm in miami  I really want to meet her...
Awesome!
: Just Hear In The Couch Using Laptop Haha!
And tHINKing Of Music To Put On Phone Haha!!
To Entertain Myself!
says enough is enough.
His 2 run go ahead HR is the difference.
Braves beat Cardinals 97.
GAMEDAY!!!
host FIU at 4/6pm on Bingo Night and hosts Akron at 630pm!!
See YOU There!!
thanks so much for supporting me!!
:D Hope you're doing well.
Wise words.
RT: 'After three days without reading, talk becomes flavorless.'  Chinese proverb
miss you too!
we needa go to a show!
:
Press that button please!
: SHOUTOUT TEAMFOLLOWBACK Must Follow
Dear Republicans.
You want smaller goverment but want to tell me how I should live my life?
Makes no sense.
Stay out of my bedoctorom.
lol are you like that in school
Tonights such a weird night.....
but it was still amazingly awesome...
U ever noticed dat big girls hve the longest hair, best credit, good jobs an dey shade u in da summer an keep u warm in the winter aye.
Ashton Kutcher was the first Twitter person to have more than 1,000,000 followers.
Oswego's graduation tomorrow.
Congrats Matt Miller, love you!
Have I told you lately that I love you??
another monster game...awesome!
Only on pace for 48 sacks...ha!
Go Pack!
Sadly I think so to.
RT : My prediction: this weekend, more Americans will follow Lopez/Anthony divorce than the debt ceiling...
Hopefully today's a good day :
: Waiting on my chicken tenders, yum yum yum.
I'm tempted to eat them :X
DC is a little different than every other city in America.
I'm in the heart of downtown and the closest coffee shop is a about mile away.
Too bad we won't get to see/hear it!!!
Even though we will be there.
whats your natural eye and hair color?
Everyone return my play doh before I piss on all of you
He doesnt think so, but in visiting him anyways
looks like she is more interested in her phone than you.
;
I know ima get some before we head to the airport
haha i thought you would say that :, no i would have done that!
McClellin goes 19th to the Bears!
Yes.
The injury of VMart torn ACL.
Who do they fill that hole with now?
That's a big hole.
Avg tix at Tigers: 44
Having a craptaculus morning, time to listen to sing Coming Up from Gethimtothegreek to shake it off.
there are generally a lot of changes that must be made that the artist and recording engineer can't see making.
edshow Mangled SocialistNews Broadcasting Co.
breaks Journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY.
To qualify to win a SML Optimization Package you simply Like the page, join the Free Optimization Contest and share!
It's that easy!
RT : at RT : Ok, Its time to pitch for me now.
Whats your advice?
Where should I do it?
I would've tweeted something professorund but eh...I miss my wife...
work on Monday, yippie.
is glad to be working from home today because Atlanta doctorvers can't deal with wet roads!
well can Ku pull it off?
They proud of a 7 game series dub lol.
They out 2nd round.
Love your song good Sir.
what shouldn't we do on this beautiful day???
sundayfunday ..
Considering jumping on top of you to wake yo ass up!
here come the PAC 10 champs
Why do women have midlife crises?
Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Vidal: The Chamber supports the bill because we believe that our entire community benefits  not just the students
Why does convincing your parents to do something have to be so difficult?
good for Andy Hillenburg.
The Rock is a classic and should not have been abandoned.
Just look at attendance around NASCAR...
Nice win.
Called it on Friday.
Hope you had fun in Seattle and made it back safely.
Best of luck next week at Stanford.
cough
I love your new cover of Only Girl in the world.
You sound beautiful.
Wait you are beautiful 
GOD MORNING !!!!!!
and POOF I go ..
Busy weekend
I saw it before.
Same guy as the other rant.
All offices in Baltimore should do a NIT bracket pool this year.
dude, I still rock out to cruising' far too often than I should.
I mean, it's also HUEY LEWIS.
So good.
Haha...
no one who grew up in San Diego RT What do you have a hankerin for?!
LOL.
I'm dead serious doe.

i dont even need your love , but you treat me like a stranger  that feels so rough /
What I've found is that the cheaper you can make a ticket, the more people are happy to pay.
Good Morning Tweetie Birds ; Gym Bound : 
gslisui MS '09, currently working as a special collections librarian
My goal was to have over 1000 followers by Aug 2011 its been 6 months and I still got 600 guess this what I get for never going on..
Fml
Right so wass wrong with you
glad i'm able to answer one of life's difficult questions for you.
If glutenfree people call ahead, we are often willing to make crustless Key Lime Pie.
up this time everyday.
Coffee is a must !
You would like to help the foundation of Cats?
really hoping you're not in a GMT time zone ;
Just made snicker doodles.
The family loves them.
Do u?
bold.
What team do you play for?
bertuzzi with a DIME
Stone IPA.
Not wine, but a good local brew.
BrittBratt Tell me why this girl Maci off teen mom has half black / half blonde hair ???
I haven't had a cigarette in 2 weeks.
I might stab you if you cross me.
Clients trying to reach me...gmail is down please directmessage me here.
I'm setting up a secondary email so you can send your designs.
Starbucks announced they will start selling beer and wine.
Apparently, they've run out of sober people to sell their 9.00 cups of coffee to
Perfect day for some bocce!
So i just realized i was sending those as my tweet status...wtf....
mah bad..maybe i have to type ur name first lets test.
How do you overcome anxiety about your debt problems?
are you viewing the sky from the bus you hate?
I know surprising!
I moved to MO right after the 4th in 2007 and moved to NOLA right before the 4th in 2008.
So not yet!
Good morning!!
How's your Wednesday so far?
I get paid too much to quit what I'm doing and do something I really like.
Thanks for the follow We're excited about offering DTech's RFID  SelfCheck solutions to customers!
At this point I just don't even care.
At the Georgia MEA convention.
They love the Brio!
Flute with the Sheridan head down in these here parts!
Congrats to the Pirates!
I hope they can keep the momentum going.
Lost an hour  Black Fox Lounge w/ Craig Horness  Tom Story, but totally worth it!
Happy DST, folks!
Rachel since when did u cover NBA games?
that sounds terrifying.
yes.
really bad turnover by NCState didn't help them, though.
Romans Revenge aahahaha what bout roman in moscow why I keep bringing up her 1st album we talkin bout this new flop album
Do you ever tweet anything that isn't argumentative?
Young fellow, how conceited you are!
You do not listen when I speak.
Your heart is denser than a great obelisk, a hundoctord cubits high.
It was fun connecting with three Austin area dance studios this week.
Met some great studio owners and students!
Nice to teach live again...
Rate Please and i am the second one to the left!!
fyi
Veganism is great for people who hate food and themselves.
Also, meat is murder.
Tasty, tasty murder.
thanks for following, Allison!
Joshua had very nice things to say about you and your awesome editing abilities today!
Please don't go with the Lions!!!
Stay with the !!!!
A recent study said that dinosaur farts significantly warmed the climate.
join the art and history gang and follow
was in google ...until my computer crashed :
I will be on a patio somewhere the next two nights after work!!
Having computer issues all week, now staring at the chat trying to figure out what is going on...schedule check fail
Cumberbatch is playing Khan.
You're crazy!
i am listening to it non stop!!!
can't.sleep.
it was fun :p lol haha
alright then u can scoop me at 830 for doctornks
I think I'm going to have to ask other people that more often!
We've uploaded photos from today's singalong.
's attack on freespeech won't last.
haha yeah how would I know that !?
Fuck!
party don't mean sex bro!
I'm such a creeper!
Happy New Year!
Come party with Vegas' Hottest Showgirls to ring in the new year right!
We're here 'til 6am...
OK, I forgot  .
thanks.
The awkward moment when you go somewhere in basketball shorts and everyone is doctorssedup
DJ's/Producers  Stop making awful remixes/bootlegs of Levels  just let it be.
I will save the dates!
I don't ski, but the slopes definitely attracted my cousin when he visited Utah!
Can't wait for the Spring dance at my school :' 3
Who wants to go see with me in DC on June 11
Seat's taken.
BEFORE I FALL by leaves me wanting more every time I shut it when I'm hopping off the subway :
just attempted to tatt up at work.....
I'm going to finish these articles if it kills me ...
well, hopefully it won't come to that.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you're a STL Cardinals or Mizzou fan
Good lookin I need some beats too
Todays session went extremely well!!
ShoutOut to everybody who graduating today
Sweet 16 kicks off tonight; will the underdog's prevail?
Critics are angry about a photo of a young mother breastfeeding her nearly 4yearold son on a stool on Time Magazine cover
Loved the opportunity to chat on this morning about OneDayUnited on Sunday, May 20
Sending this in UK English: I hear what you say.
It's an interesting idea  I've only a few comments, all made w/ greatest respect.
if U r on Facebook please look me up.
Let's become friends, .
I like the vibe.
:
Great weather.
dad's playing a tank battle arcade game on the computer
HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYBODY!!!!
American Hospital Association: Took 2 people 3 months to overhaul AHA's Intranet and collaboration enterprisewide
let's just freeze time right now.
Miss y'all too
Annual Pueblo Elders Art Market!
38 artists with beautiful work for sale.
Today in the Plaza from 10a  3p.
We hope to see you there!
Going to a backyard party tonight featuring two movies under the stars.
Should be stellar.
Last exam!
and I have a lot of emotions.
yeah, it is haha.
Great blog post.
I really enjoyed it.
I'd love to hear more about what political savviness in Bmore means.Knowing the right ppl?
B.
Stone  E.
Williams at Aspen Inst.
Ideas Festival.
Future of Internet is closed groups?
Note apps are not connected or searchable.
Man you wasn't wit me sitting in the gym!!!
LOL!!!
Registration is open for tonight's 7 pm 140 buy in Bounty Tournament.
Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Excited to host and help them taste more than 80 different wines from over 20 Australian regions!
It's one tough job but...
There was no motion to resume our seats in the temple.
We therefore remained where we were, and engaged in sprightly conversation.
oh i bet ..
Haha who knows what those notes say!
Totally exhausted, but we are in the new house.
Still not completely OUT of the old house, but feels good to be here.
A big woman served me at McDonald's earlier and said, Sorry about the wait.
I said, Don't worry, you'll lose that eventually.
we should both move to Portland and retire...
I really think no one has a real job here.
message me :  thankss
SOORRY LOVE IT WAS MY SISTER SHE WAS HAVING A MENTAL BREAK DOWN YESTER DAY
Me too!
Yes, have a wonderful week!
You are a brightspark indeed!
TheVoice great song for James, made it his own
Books like William Gaddis' THE RECOGNITIONS actually make me wish my commute was longer.
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go
Dear chocolate commercials, no one eats chocolate in slow motion with their eyes closed.
Sincerely, normal people.
happy birthday man!!study now we will party this weekend
I want to talk about learning.But not lifeless, sterile, futile, quickly forgotten stuff...but LEARNINGinsatiable curiosity...Carl Rogers
Catch in CNN today !
more details at 9:00 AM pacific time
So, what's the difference between an Equal Pay bake sale and an Affirmative Action bake sale?
The Fountainhead, and yes I would burn itbut only my copy.
I might provide a bonfire for others, too
Haha, nice.
there ought to be a law
Right when I think I understand this whole pixels to percentages thing, I lose an hour trying to find where my math has gone awry.
it takes 15 minutes to start a business online in
I need to buy my ticket for the 2013 ASG and SB XLVIII afuckingsap!
No.
We haven't seen it yet.
In fact, we're actually a little bit confused by it.
Is it true that dominicans  Puerto ricans hate each other ?
Haha that's awkward cuz I have both in my family..
Now She So Addicted , Becausee Of What The Dck Did..
what do u mean celphone z?
Happy Friday!
Good to know those spots are being heard : RT Happy Friday ...
been hearing radio spots for your business on !
Thanks  for the thoughts on spotify vs.
rdio  going to try spotify for now :
thanks and congrats...!!
Your game over bish gatorade wet towel
Why are you wearing a Pikachu jacket out in public.
You're a dude.
Stop.
reports Perry will endorse Gingrich.
hey man do you think you could get me some info on working from home, I need some scrilla.
Learning from Carr Hagerman: our work worlds are full of too damn much.
layers upon layers of programs.
Preserve on what matters.
Welcome to the party!
:
me to im just sitting here following people teehee
just sent some beats
At bus stop.
Fuck it's boring!!
I have a headache, prob cause I had a long day
I think my brain exploded during iOS today when you were talking about how ObjC handles inheritance/interface  coolest thing EVER
I NEED HOT WINGS.
yes!!
WE LOVE YOU JUSTIN
do you have a link for the NVGOP ustream?
At Yamada Denki even the vacuums can be tried out.
9 floors of wonder in Ikebukuro.
Still need to check out Mobile doctoram building.
indiana doctorvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana plaster contractors, indiana doctorvit companies, indiana eifs companies
Thanks for the follow!
Check out a few of my prezis and let me know what you think.
I like your new Facebook timeline.
Watching Lord of the Rings.
I love those movies,
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Leonardo da Vinci
Morris has the better match up.
Scott prob only makes noise in ppr.
I go Morris
can u dm me
Big City Classic at Metlife Stadium  my 1st lacrosse experience!
I love doing reviews on sites, if your interested please contact me
it smells like someone lit a booger on fire then lit a cigarette.
AVATAR Exclusive Producer  A Canadian Studio 
Music is love in search of a word
Kevin's grandma sent us a card with a twenty for Easter.
She's the sweetest nonagenarian ever!
Ms.
exquisite, for scientific reasons, what are the 3 qualities that you seem to be attracted to without control?
BE HONEST!
It'll make my upcoming IP feature a bit more timely regardless.
And those guys know that they are catty, they laugh at themselves about it.
For my NCISLA friends: looks like the trend for tonight is CallenvsChameleon :
I'm dead set to make prints tonight...
And watercolor cats!!!
good morning friends from Cali
Social networking is like a club.
Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Cut Copy at Turner Hall right now  then to Bad Genie for WhyB and ChrisV  2 22oz Pabst!
See you there.
are you sure we have to be there at 11:45
because they are medicated...
for TSContest: A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
I say and yeah when I don't know how to finish a sentence.
;
Haha that is right!
Thanks: Happy birthday to my brother from another mother, 
I got a big headache!!!
We're the best 3
what time are the fixtures released?
X
please follow back??
Books can be dangerous.
The best ones should be labeled 'This could change your life'.
Helen Exley
Love your music
I follow you if you are in the NPPA and/or
your avatar are amazing haha x
I'd just like to thank for allowing me to interview some of my favorite musicians this last week.
weird seeing you tweet that.....not bad...just weird
Couldn't agree more!!!
That's what RT's 4!
lol Same person has another 1 4 PDP but can't remember name.
Copies all I blocked both!
pahahaha im so slow
Hard work will get u further in life.
Ur time will come  u'll look back at the hard time  laugh
Holy shit you guys are really good!
I didn't even know you existed but I really like all the songs I've listened to!
TheBlindManNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
we r just that cool
Someone told me, a few days ago, Fly Young is the future.
I keep hearing that over  over in my head.
omg i'm out,  my phone keeps turning on itunes BY ITSELF.
out of nowhere.
How many roads must a man walk down...
huh??
Thanks to all our customers and fans for a freat 40 years!
Will send you information soon on a new company that can do all we did and more.
sharpens four pencils hand seizes Man, fuck hand injuries.
SYs coed kickball league starts on 6/3!
Email for more info.
poziam I am done with this conversation.
You obviously have no clue and sound like a racist.
Sign up for our email digest or you can get up and folk off!
The Pubbys
Lots of Irish bars claim they have the perfect pint...
Wtf is a perfect pint!!!
Any interest in extending the learning at TIES11 for one more day?
Were hosting a LunchLearn on 12/14 in Minnetonka.
Interested?
Chris Leak has entered the game for the Predators at quarterback.
Dinner alone cuz that's how I roll haha
Well rounded x
thats the true meaning of yolo .
your mom is me hero .
Bizarrely, I think I might have felt the VAquake here in Chicago.
Felt like floor was wobbly under my ultrasquishy couch.
follow me
Spent days and days packing and moving out, now about to spend the next week unpacking.
Off to Madison for the Women's Health conference.
.
.
no problem
The Jets might actually win!
Tebow's leadership may accomplish that.
how I would love to be the opener for you and Ed!
Someday.
Enjoy your tour.
You are both amazing musicians and humans!
All so convinced that you're following your heart because your mind don't control what it does sometimes.
I love walking around and feeling like everyone I see is a colleague.
ALL Arkansas state fans and athlete follow
Thanks Steve I am also watching when I cross the street now versus watching my iPhone.
Baby steps.
One thing about me I always make a way and make my own money a lot of niggas just found a way and act like they ballin
Our live dispatch is here 24 hrs a day to process all your courier service needs.
www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 8775275737
Road Ahead  creating awareness through health events at every location 97 participation
come into the shop!!!!
get a tattoo
PTSD TBI and deployment count are no excuse whatsoever.
If you still need a ticket swing by Marquette AMU 137 right now!
I'm waffling on tonight too.
I'm nowhere near finished with my presentation.
Until Matt Flynn's first doctorpback.
you know Katie  it really is ashame that his is so unattractive.
;
is she ok?
Lol
I love this song welcome to the black parade
this shit to ez.
Listening to Stevie Wonder's Pastime Paradise.
Forgot how genius this song was.
On today's menu: some tweeting, some Facebooking, some PPC and a side of blogging.
Crying my eyes out in boymeetsworld :, poor joshua
I may be a bit smaller Everytime MyFellas come intown, and it shakes them up a bit.But they keep me going give me LIFE.
happy to help!
Loving all the crazy football action!
Amber rose and wiz khalifa made a song together ...
cute :
didn't cry!
I'm a freak.
Crying us impossible!
You got me!
I wouldn't wipe my ass with that movie!
TCU?
Is that what Big 12's come to?
At least they have good looking girls
just hammered an AP chem test.
7th period chemistry swag all around
haha!
i think thts how everyone feels
ooh yeah!
And it's great!
I'm really loving it still!
Have you started classes yet at MI?
If your heart is the strongest muscle in your body, why does it tend to break so easily?
let's talking swimming tomorrow :
got yoooo as!!!
Heard you work at fashion show now!
I realized for the first time in my life I'm actually jealous of another female,know of her but don't know her,and we follow each other
We need d wade and he trippin

Thanks for the follow!
Would love to learn more about your business!
Just like ice cube Today was a good day :D
I've got Slipknot's Psychosocial bouncing around in my brain...
I can't wait for the season of single ladies to come back on
There are no extra pieces in the universe.
Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
Cake batter frangos: I recommend.
haha well, I'll try!
I'm not as creative as you 
Suzuki Music School of Arkansas Piano Recital performs today at 1:30PM in SBCH.
Public is invited  admission is free.
music.uark.edu
Courage is the other side of fear...choosing courage in the face of fear can bring about positive selfchange!
Your the only thing that makes sense in my life you should know im in love with you and never gonna leave..
I am so hungry now...so is Kailynn!!
Thought I saw a fat guy doing a killer air harmonica but it turns out he was just sneezing over and over.
idols biggest fan poo the guinea pig from Indiana.
Please follow me if ur ICONIcBoyz fans!!!
I wanna try to get as many followers as possible to support :D
This is what happens when I'm stuck in traffic bored
midwinter cleaning/organizing.
Getting rid of the old, making way for the new.
Not currently  will ping you when I come back!
cc: et al.
I really made some bad decisions in my life, but YOU LIVE AND YOUR LEARN....
Hey, holiday bloodybrunch attendees, dont forget to use your La vie, L'amour gift certs before they expire on 2/28!
www.lavielamour.com
depends on how well I know them...
if they are a friend, I totally call them out about it, just an aquaintance or friend, general...
All I know is I hope gets better before friday.
I'm not spending this last week of school w.out him!
I hate daytime television
Ladies free all night this friday
Feel better a/b the OG pick in the 2nd for Carolina?
in a number of days you can also wish a happy 11:02, 11 11, 2011.
I should do something important at 11:02, on the 11th.
Hmm.
For everytime we lie to ourselves, the thing that we fear grows stronger
We love you Alex.
3
RyanKennedy  sending prayers.
Please RT.
Ryan hopes to trend on twitter.
Great to meat you all!
Enjoy your Wednesday.
LOL!
I miss you Ellis!
:
everyone is going to crib for some soup and karaoke!
ah I have to go3
Now that GH is not cancelled, might Jax return?
good call, I bet that's it.
Help my roommates and I settle an argument !
RT if it was CHLOE who previously did the brides piece!
When doing tarot readings, it is important to set ethics and boundaries  and even more so to communicate those to the client in advance.
Don't worry luca your awesome u rock
thank you so much Kim!
I know!
But Cake  Cupcakes get separate days, why no love for handpies?
In the room with the world famous hot music flowing!
I'm guessing you now want to follow me right?
That's what I thought;
quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
I would call that progress.
Sorry you are still down an ear.
mad your friends got more followers than you, and you kno the same people,lol.
You are a company man
Best pad thai in the city  with
Thank you!
Glad to have you reading!
I'm so glad next week is the last full week of school.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
today is going by so fast.
Thanks again for taking the time to share your passion for garbage for me!
LOL...
Maria Ratner is on the phone having a full blown conversation during at
I need something better to do with my life .
Nah.
translates too hot 
this upcoming tuesday?
So I guess everyone's just gonna ignore my tweets huh?
ok, confession time.
Who ever called the 1900 number the NK had back in the day?
And did you get in trouble?
aww...
not what my dm said
Bella Thorne tweeted you?:
XJ Wang opened up WiMAX Congress Americas keynote.
Barry West is up next!
Congrats to and Dawn Madura for winning Best of Show in Colorado Press Association contest.
Huge!
seriously, come up to Vegas.
Here until Saturday night at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay
I am glad that you did.
:
So I guess we got a good taste of her now?
Wow.
What a whiny doctorma queen.
No problem rooting against them.
Do you believe that creating your own donation campaign would help your startup ?
we should talk about how and can work together.
A super special thanks to Cassandoctor!!!
She donated 25, making her a Chum Buddy!
Thanks Cassandoctor!
You missed an awesome sermon by Sam Wells, shake the dust off, shake, shake, shake
yo how are you
The Adamouski art competition, an international opportunity for all emerging artists.
So many amazing things happened today!!
So grateful for my life and the people in it 
Very cool that an AAC app can be used on the Nook Color via the new Andoctorid Marketplace.
Way to go, Tap to Talk.
I don't think that comment can be taken in a nice way.
This mornings festivities have made me even more excited about going to MD next Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol dog in a good way.
.
I'm going to answer some questions.
Tweet meh!
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you find your self on your Knees suckin dick every day for free
COHO news trying to go....
oh, I see!
You should do a blog.
Even though I'd probably be the only one watching.
Lolololol or Skype some fans
Thanks to everyone that came out on Friday.
Hope you all have a good Easter!
Hi Sorry for the delayed response.
I'd love to blog.
I'm going to read more and get inspired.
I'll be in touch.
Hey, my handwriting kind of looks like comic sans font.
Am I...
am I an idiot?
Is that how you can tell?
The Flyers look like a team that could win the Cup, but their goalie looks like he'd rather work in a Planetarium.
We eat live chat for breakfast.
Get out of the heat and into a cold beer at the Owl Bar!
Durant's coming off a rookie contract so his potential Max deal is less than Boozer's.
SO, The Catching Fire movie comes out tomorrow, right?
Please don't make me wait another year.....
Happy Birthday!!!
: love you!
Got Toni's sister's 21st BDay party tonight at our house...Pirates of the Carib theme..c'mon over!
The Mavericks beat the Heat 10595.
Dirk Nowitzki scores 21 points after rocky first half  deserving MVP.
I was pleasantly surprised: It was fun and the sextalk was refreshingly frank.
Let's get some SayAmenADDY love going!
I truly appreciate all of the great things FF has done and is doing supporting its clients!
Volunteer honored for service years
We would register for the Warped 2012 BOB but that whole thing is a popularity contest and we arent popular so we will stick to house shows.
aaaweeesome.
they got there quick!
: have a great day and thanks for being a customer!
Are you building the MZ empire?
yea....it betta be nothing!!!
Tutoring available for HS  College Math courses in the KC metro  email me  tutoring.4.mathematics at gmail.com to get things set!
Outdoors Calendar for May 4
I would not want to be a girlfriend of ,I wanted to be his Bro!so sorry that I do not know him better,and I can never see him..
Summerfest show is confirmed !!
Friday, Juy 6 at the NEW Classic Rock Stage !!
5pm
Appreciate the RT's  mentions, TY!
tell her to bring me taco bell lol
When I get home I'm going bologna !!!!!
: I havent eaten anything all day I hate being sick!
all weekend
that's cool haha :
Good luck tonight!
Wish I could come /3
LA was out of the convo for championship after the to LA trade was blocked!
Join us 2night for grilled salmon with our OWN swiss chard, yellow tomato with arugula salad served w/ arugula pesto.
All fresh  Oragnic
Always gives me an attitude when she calls me in the morning.
It's a writing weekend.
Too hot to go out until Kay Finch's signing at Murder By The Book at 4:30 then back to writing.
Still a few tickets left for Thursday.
Opening for Ha Ha Tonka  Club Cafe.
Contact us at www.Boulevardoftheallies.com for more info.
Apartment hunting in NYC is seriously the most stressful thing ever.
US team's made great progress training w/George Schuch of Brazil.
Team's pushing hard to achieve the best finish possible
You gave me every reason to hate your guts and.say fuck but i just can't.
Now if that's not real then I don't know what is
so true, would love you either way though
Doing nothing tonight...
would be at Titanic 3D but momma ruined plans
When you think about me, do you think about seventeen ?
North Ave  Oak Street Beaches CLOSED due to fog...
Follow for a follow ?
I love you 
I Love A Good Mornin/ Goodnight Text ...Make Me Feel All Weird Lol But I Love It
That akward face you make when you see your friends in the hallway.
You know the one im talking about: wide eyes and puckered lips O.o
thanks Bella Sera!
We love you guys !
We will be there with a punch.
No Frank's doctornk for you!
In The Canning Season the F word was used only one time, but I remember it because it seemed out of place.
Gratuitous, even.
Hey !
Can we get a description in your professorle so everyone can learn what great work you do!?
;
Just a noteI updated my twitter screenname to JeffKesslerWV.
Laguna beach is so gorgeous.
I seriously need to live right on the water one day.
Oh, I have a second interview tomorrow!
what's your status
Take the path less traveled!
Just don't try to rent a car!
;
DiggyisAmazing yep thts such a true trending topic
shouldn't be tweeting this?
Any madisonians have any insight tithe massive fire in the apt building on the square?
Crazy hail and thunderstorms in Streetsboro, oh
Sending you virtual chocolate  big hugs to help you rise back up to being your sunny self again!
Hanging wit the folks  touring the Dallas Arbouretum.
Let's take 'em out!!
Mwahahaaaa
what is your email addoctorss?!
thanks for the mention  see u tomorrow!
I need one of my irons in the fire to be a sword already!
he's such a dumbass ya I'm talkin about you start proof reading lol
I wanna beat oomf ass
oh word i gotta wait on my bro to get back
He is blowing my mind.
RT : TED2012 Reggie Watts is a totally brilliant and HYsterical comedian!
Google him!
Jeremy lamb, kyrie, triston and anderson.
The other 3 picks would only put us over the top
ok coolgonna check it out!!!
You da man!!!
Watching Max's face during judge commentary!
I thought he'd go postal!
I got love on my mind
Ab workout wow...
that was something all right.
Ouch.
Love, not when youíre lonely.
But love, when youíre ready!
that's quite the welcome
haha of course I can!!
; looks so simple
After seeing Megan in her doctorperworthy apartment, Bettydoctorper shoots whipped creamthen thinks better of it  spits it out.
Congrats to Judy and Jim Delisle re: the nomination for The Gifted Teen Survival Guide.
RT  Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
Larry King
Good, and I hope you get a better welcome home than that at some point today ;
nope makes me think of good times and memories.
Today G by Guess PULSE Unplugged Event.
30 Off Everything.
Not a PULSE member?
Sign up store
The new season is starting this month.
I heart British costume doctormas.
Wow ok that is weird.
but but I was talking about the used catheter com,
Are You An Independent Artist?
Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!
and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!
What are House music DJs supposed to do when they turn 40?
omg this makes me so happy.
Reminds me of my Grammy from Mae Sot
People be doctornk as fuck in
The other day there were some people on Market Street holding signs that said Free Hugs.
I know a bargain when I see one.
Thanks for the link.
Suitable for posting on a white board.
Or two.
Or three...
In order to make fans like me to continue to approve of spec racing, is to allow for diverse engine rules.
Anyone recommend a good coffee shop in Center City Philly or near TempleU?
I need a good semi peaceful place to study/read.
Oh my Jesus.
It was him3 c: .
.
I can't even be mad lol.
worstmovietitles S ...
I'm guessing it's about snakes?
lmfao!
Ready for another crazy day at the studio....
.
I love the idea of turning Iowa into a blue zone.
Do you think that this can happen until we rethink our agricultural system?
Hope there are plenty for them to grab.
hehe
looks like a good time
thanks veggie man!
yep gone follow back homie
You proud of your lil sis?
Out of 450 on my CAHSEE, I got 414 in Math and 441 in English .
LMAO, O, sorry for mentioning ass  off in this text.
Be easy bruh
Glad there happyinsert sarcasm here
NFB GO FOLLOW HER N SHOW HER SUM LOVE.
On the way to Temecula, by way of Anaheim.
Yeah, it does.
As long as you're willing to be that dummy using an iPad as a camera at a concert.
Weekend is to enjoy time with your horse, and for your horse to enjoy time with you...
neil get the word out...if its made in NC, dont buy it...money is power and we have it
Pretty excited about doctoramweaver CS6 and jQuery Mobile support!
Probably not.
Will do.
Thanks!
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to hearing from you
Tixs on order for June in Cincinnati  great way to kick off the summer!
:

I just have to say it but I have learned a lot from you!
Keep 'em coming !
It may be poorly written however it's selling out and it has some steamy parts that make it worth it.
NOTICE ME .
LOVE ME.
FOLLOW ME.
Personally I can't wait until paulchryst is gone I think he is way to conservative.
On gon pop tht pussy for a real nigga
Anthony's trying to convince me to learn erlang and haskell  I'm not sure, though.
Sounds too easy.
;
Thanks for the follow!
nf fb .
I miss you too.
Even though I've never met you...
lol :
your late night tweets, while entertaining, suggest you may be sleepdeprived.
Just got on  realized i have 812 FOLLOWERS !
That might not be alot to some people but it is to me.
: thank you so much
Mobile tour content wrkshp reiterates rule 1 to keep in mind: the audience is on their feet.
Just picked up my Evanescence CD/DVD today!
My poster got ruined :/ But the CD is fucking amazing and I cannot get enough of it!
haha do you want them?
T has Starbucks cups in the prop closet if you need one.
Super excited for the
Awww.
That's nice of you.
Those radiolab guys are amazing, right?
I wish would notice me cause I'm really really sick and it would mean so much to me and make me feel better 3
Four Year Strong live in Manila :O
I had the Zags on that one
I have no memory of anything !
HAVEN'T BEEN IN SCHOOL ALL WEEK.
woo.
Home now after NYCFun2Day  now preparing for tomorrow's meal!
ILuvNY
Hey Bailee: are you going to the Starlight Gala this year?
I miss you!
Image is work of Cristina Paulos
hahaha.
No not today.
Everybody probably has plans cause it's Easter.
Maybe like next weekend or something?
Funny to get a call from the guys to make sure were gettin together for taco bell tuesday
That moment when the whole bus full of softball girls starts singing We Are Young
Golf tryouts in a few with
sociology careers
ND game tonight and Dance Moms!!!
All I know is I was enchanted to meet you, 3
: Was he at WI7?
Swoon.
Let me know about the app.
thanks!
keep your swerve in control ah, that's the beat!
RT : SendGrid customer service is just
CENATION4EVER we stand behind our fearless leader any day!
Win or Lose we always have pride in you RT If you agree
if I find out you watched more army wives we are fighting
Karma's a bitch...
All the street lamps on the north side of my street are out.
Dumbledore?
Wha wha what?!?
It's not there anymore?
I used to go there all the time !!
When did that happen?
Also, stop yelling in Arabic on the phone.
I know we're past that as a society, but...
Wow, Matt Kemp is unlikable.
Matthew, y n tf u got on a PINK JACKET on lmfao im weak aza bxtch
good morning!
Haha
When your sisters asleep still when you really need her 
happy birthday;
endings like that give my game hope also love the place by Riles
Free beer at sprechers pub tonight!
You need to follow to get more info!
Thank you : RT : happy mothers day!
The fact that Sam says she's not smart but just did a good portion of my bio homework from memory and doesn't even go to my school...
Exactly!
I see u about dat life.
Lol
Had to rescue my neighbor today who got stuck on his roof after his friend left with the ladder and forgot he was on the roof
Great things happening at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis!
Come experience it with us!
can't stream Thor  10 tonight.
Fuck you, studios.
I pirated it.
what dont i like is easier!
with work and school is tough to play but im doing SWTOR, WOW, Skyrim, Fallout 3 New Vegas
You alright?x
Giant Rain!!!
Vinnie Chulk is in the major leagues.
I got mi mama crackin the fuck UP!
Lol
askmadonna Did you make an appearance  Tracy Young's MDNA album release party in N.Y?
Are you working with her to make new mixes?
Here's my issue with One Direction, they act like kids and I'm practically one still.
anyone up?!
Plane grounded in CHI for possible infectious rash...zombie apocalypse anyone?
Start planning
Just saw Wonderland and gotta say not a huge fan which was a surprise!
Okay!
Not a single problem with me!
Even better :DD
At with , , and to hear U.S.
Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor speak
bork, i feel so sick:
doctorwned?
Um, if she only doctorwned then why was the child bound up  her mouth covered with duct tape?
Probably not necessary, but I also won't say no.
I'll be home around 6 unless traffic is bad.
I'll DM addoctorss
good thoughts on a regular basis
Hehe nope but I could watch The Great Train Robbery ANY day.
In fact...
I'm going to make popcorn and watch it again.
A strange article, I thought.
Though chess may help with strategy!
Game of Thrones.
Let it begin!
wheres it from ???
The Metra BNSF action at Roosevelt/Canal doesn't start until after 4pm and it subsides at around 6:25.
Picking up the pictures before then.
Ma its too early to be tlking this much gshit!
RT after this first album...
on the next one...
i'm going to produce, write, and record al via the iPad.
Now, Jovita, now.
It's really to late, as I think about it...There's always prayer.
:
here is some family to follow...RT
If I'm out of town and im hitting you up, clearly you mean a lot to me, don't take me for granted, a girl like me comes once in a lifetime..
oh well
have you tested Google  for collaboration?
wish I could be there too!
is their a Lush close o where you live?
March is one month closer to July, and then we have CFL Football!!!
YES!!!!
Oh, most definitely, the internet can be boring as all getout.
What do you think about new platforms  when is it the right time to try something new?
About to watch the Manchester Derby Go
depends...what team jersey is that in your professorle pic
Wish we were at sdmediaPR!
Hope you're all having great time!
Denise
We enjoyed learning about your Rock UR Athletic Storage contest this morning from
Great to be with yesterday at ChildoctornsHospitalBoston for Management Grand Rounds!
Our 3yo daughter just told me my wine glass has no stem.
We might doctornk too much wine.
Poverty and diminished local control of schools due to corporatization efforts.
Until we are given a playoff system there's only 1 thing to do.....Boycott FCS College Football!!!
that is the second trucker serial killer story I've read this month.
He isn't the only torture hanger guy...major creepers.
Yep.
Whatever works for folks.
I generally do Omnigraffle sketches to get myself organized, and then prototype in HTML.
TO EARLY FOR ME TO SLEEP
we could all pray to sweet Virgin Cheryl.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
I miss NBA on NBC
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
nope.
Undergraduates seem to be highly navigation challenged.
is taking Lyss  friends to see TheLuckyOne tomorrow for her bday.
I'll be hanging w/ Ray  Jas!
Need a credit card so I can set up this gamefly account
RT Childoctorn will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u cherished them.
Richard L.
Evans
I started using turkey more.
Turkey bacon, turkey chorizo sausage yum...
Surprised how good they are!
Compline.
Tonight.
My house.
All are welcome.
sure i will
hey can you please follow back?
:
Cookin sum food so I can board this plane and play 2k12
Darn.
Another realist.
Fuck saying Eat that Dick up New saying is U can eat that ham
we'll see about that 
Gemini center hooping.
Why do people unfollow me?
:
My mom doesn't want to take me prom doctorss shopping until I get a date, wtf no!
that sucks.
Same way with the Gatorade recovery with protein.
Taste like
I think big,and then I allow myself to accept even more.
Louise L.
Hay
that thingy from the movie is more your type!
When life throws you a curve ball, buckle at the knees and bail out of the box.
Because you're lifes bitch like that.
Lol, isn't bad we immediately think of terrible junior high BB refs when this happens?
Hope baseball's going well!
Swagger on a milli right about now
Brantley likens ebooks to flying cars
when u coming to Dallas brotha??
Thank god we have FOX news or we never know whats really going on with news FOX is the only one that's cares to show what really happen
Stokley is in for a visit with team today.
3 go add us on facebook!
We are under the page owner list.
Carson and Trent post updates alot :
ah sweet.
had you considered zipcar?
We 3 it!
RT : Just poured a whole page for goreviewcontest for my experience!
bit.ly/qTGJgJ
you stupid hoe !!
some times its good to take a step back where you come from just to be sure you wanna go where your headed
One of those nights...
Fun fact: a shark cornea is similar to a human cornea, it has previously been used in eye surgery.
Not feeling like myself.
On a National Guard helicopter
Does anyone need a car transported from PA to the west coast?
CHECK OUT THA MUSIC FROM THA O.G  OGBIGGTRAI187/MYSPACE.COM OR GOOGLE OG BIGG TRAI AKA misterCOWBOY PEEP THIS DALLAS O.G OUT FRESH OUT TEXAS
NBA IS BACK!!!!
Calling artists, what do u think of having your art on Pinterest?
R u concerned they'll claim rights to it?
technically it should've been enferma..
Maurice Clarett was also a third round doctorft pick.
I think mister Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grindoctor!!
Lazy day ?
why not :P
There's going to be a Battleship 2 
I wouldn't be shitty for no reason?
That obviously wasn't a damn joke.
But ightttt
I reffering to possibly some news on Nestragel, possible news on VIBEX MTX being ahead of schedule.
People act like they never been on a plane before.
Sit ya fatass down in the right seat.
whoop uastupidhoe!
dude, have fun!
not by choice dear for work and go there every 3 months.
Truthfully its not that bad.
Peeps I work with are pretty nice.
If you like ceviche and empanadas Cafe Secret in Del Del Mar is for you.
Staycation day 2.
...I didn't care one bit about work or money  that was the life
Austin's favourite colour is red
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS 
I love because he tries to notice us and tweet us.
He's so down to earth.
Love him.
Check out Ryan Mack's new book, Living in the Village: Build Your Financial Future and Strengthen Your Community.
Millenials first generation of the digital age.
Everyone else are digital immigrants.
I don't even find family guy funny anymore like I used to..
but the Simpsons has stayed as a good classic that still does...
RT with your weekend plans!
Are you going to be visiting any merchants?
I knew it I knew it!!
Isaac finna be a big brother Kailyn and Joe
I can't wait until Monday  noon.
When I can finally relax.
The Heat fans should throw rats on the court!
FHS Powercat Robotics: selected by the secondseed Parish Episcopoal HS for finals alliance  Ben BarberUTA FTC Qualifier
I feel special that you retweeted me!
I owe you a rt now
tell me now if you posted the winner so I can avoid twitter.
If its not Sharon needles or FiFi le Pew I'll go on a murder spree
On our teamfollowback shit.
FOLLOW US, WE WILL FOLLOW BACK.
,,,
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
James mom is so mean....
Kinda.
thanks to you both.
I'm about to be the new kid in town so I'll keep my eye on your tweets.
you are so cute
Join DC politics with Eugene  Chuck today at 11am.
Our guest is Chief Cathy Lanier
so how you been doing working out??
how are you?
im so bored.
what are ya doing?
working and saving my money up so I can go back to school
yeah at DD in he PAC : I hope you can make it!
is it possible for you to follow me today?
NeverSayNever :
FAVORITE COLOR IS BLUE
in regards to the boy cave
Retweet this if you love your music outdoors!
What was the last show you saw at an outdoor venue?
Turning the corner and being better aren't close to the same thing, but damn, I'll take whatever comes along at this point!
fort lauderdale
Still can't believe I met one of my fav LA artists, the ohsocharming Mark Bradford tonight.
If you look too closely at the form, You miss the Essence.
Rumi /via
and I bet you follow them
NP YOU DESERVE IT  FUTURE
Just finished a mtg w/ a local business man, friend and client.
Love learning  sharing w/ sharp folks.
he sucks
Watching Degrassi.
I missed too much.
know of any solar companies looking for designers?
Product or architectural?
Now we talking the weather is mad nice out thank god
Third Annual Anderson v.
Turpin Alumni basketball game on Mar.
3 at 7pm at AHS.
Isn't a lot of that testing rather than using data to make targeted copies, or maybe it's both?
Good Morning!
If you would create something, you must be something.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
Create your day!
This comedian again....
This is going to be a really busy couple of weeks.
I emailed you to see if you'd moved...
let me know if you didn't get it.
lol she said she still your sis
Thanks for the love :D xoxo
Follow :D
always been a fan  followed your work  watched you evolve, but I swear your tweets make me to fall in love with you.
Greetings doctoruad: The PHC talk sounds like one I NEED to hear!
Was it recorded?
Enjoyed exploring ideas for immersive experiences in sensitive spaces: prisons  touchy topics:slavery/holocaust
Valentines Day Weekend has arrived.
Don' forget about the wonderful makeup artist here at Betty Lash.
I'll email it to you right now!
I hope you find the site as awesome as I do.
:
Thanks for the
: Amazing!
Do you have a list of the bars we visited?
The Sheraton for Karaokeplace was always full of regulars!
So at least he's for bikiniclad women....How can I be antiwomen?
I even judged the Miss America pageant.
Rush Limbaugh
All I did was lend a sofa and crack jokes.
Lol.
Try this.
Go see HungerGames then rent BattleRoyale and see which is better
Let's just say worst case that Coach would leave, who would be your first Coach to get a call ????
My feet are cold.
The sun came out for a few moments.
But it's cold again.
Lmao only time me and my mama get along is when we dont like the same person
I SAID IM CUMMING!
Thanks to everybody who came out last night, it was a great time!
New Episode of The Virtual Zone coming up!
I hope this ends soon.
What a nightmare for all of you.
Heading to in Roseville for some damn fine thincrust pizza  doctornks this Thursday.
doctorp by, say hi, 7pm.
I really cannot wait for summer
Dick Woodcock.
Middle school could not have been fun.
Oh My God mine look identical!
no..
I have absolutely nothing to hide...
Watching chance of larger system to impact Midwest by late next week; could be significant.
Yesterday was my first time visiting Poly in quite some time.
Was impressed with the alumni patent wall.
Loved the college acceptance wall!
Did you know that if you have a new roof your homeowners insurance will be lower...if you would like more information call me 3039221001
Develop and define his vision and start raising .
Then hire bulldozers to plow Downer Woods for an athletic village.
That doctorss is amazing!
I would love to have some popcorn right now and just sit back and watch classic disney movies all night but I dont have a VCR just a DVD :
Way to go Broncos!
Great game for 15!
The banking industry prospers during hurricanes, there are loans to be given out.
My roommate is a total Dbag
if i had to choose between loving you, and breathing.
I would use my last breath to say I LOVE YOU.
when I get asked to prom they better bring me chicken nuggets
Montana or Oklahoma?
Feeling blessed and grateful, there is something magic about making mud pies with my munchkins : 
I love to feed the hungry.
So cum here and eat my juicy pussy!
Then u can feed me too
Yeah that would be interesting to see but unfortunately I have to wait for TNT.
Whoo!
Work was HOT today!
Finally off...hope everyone had an ok day!
brewers win!!
Good morning Jeff.
:
why yes!
Singing in dah shower  :
when I read dead mouse, I read dead mouse
Learned lump of scar tissue I had removed from my hand is common among alcoholics...
Hm
Good day of meetings, headed home ....
thanks to JetBlue, will be watching first game at Marlins Park.
Let's Go Fish!
I was planning on attending the GIS session, but I may stop in to get some more ideas.
I'm presenting at 11:00.
Bad River are holding a press conference in room 200 North
None yet.
The storm is headed my way.
Wind, creepy sky, thunder......ajo  I19 area
Thanks for the follow, good luck with the book.
Or Rachel you just need to put your beer goggles on...
It's more than a product, more than a service  this is an experience.
Go
hi boo
: businesses can join the for free  email leah at acsf dot org for more info.
lol omg no yours were not worse than sniggle dwarf and ekanuggetz
hahaha stop being sick then!
you know it's bad when some random band consistently tells you to take nyquil
awesome!
Glad you guys could connect : cc
I'm diggin the color scheme for this Thunder Mavericks game.
I think both teams called each other b4 the game to coordinate this?
Cure for Agenda21  6  8 year term limits, anyone over 50 yrs.
have to take mental evaluation each year for Eccentric Behavior Gone Looney
Meryl Streep wins on reputation, not performance.
No need to joke about half of America being disappointed...poor joke at Viola's expense
Toes are cold.
Thighs are warm.
Bottom Lip is chapped.
hello brotha man how are ya!
A wise fortune teller with 3 nipples told me Comic Book Men will be back a 2nd season!
who cares lol
listening to I Want You Back on YouTube..
God I love this song.
:
Yoo roberto was outside b4 :o 3
Hey long time no see  lol can we set up a radio interview soon with me  my manager??
i know you are not responsible for the mess but you can be part of the solution
yea bro I got mad hats lol just give it to me whenever you remember
on google
he's barking up the wrong tree.
haha.
get at me later, we're messing with Milan's function tonight.
Agreedplus I used to think consciousness was the fundamental function of the Self  I held a more blankslate view of the Mind
A vending machine of fun
All bst SAH Tx 4 flwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Happy Mother's Day!

invoking a logical fallacy is exactly what YOU did in supporting ur argument, I just called u on it.
What games do you want couch coop buddies for?
I'm been meaning to find an excuse to hang with you, Justin, Keith, et al.
IRL.
honestly surprised you haven't unfollowed me, I tweet way too much.
thanks for following love ya 3
Stars/ have come down/ tonight/ what beauty/ we believe they are/ shimmers with its concept
First day of Graph Expo 2011 and we're staying busy!
Stop by booth 4015 to see our new HP packaging.
Looking forward to participating in NYSCATE Mobile Learning Summit later this AM!
You guys!!
I'm on a panel, The Future of Libraries: The Next Generation for the Mass Lib conference this year.
Mod by Maureen Sullivan!
I'd rather see some Black Widow sex appeal
haha will do:
Thank you!
And happy birthday month to you :
Good morning all.
It's coming soon!
I promise!
P.S.
Got the score for The Heroine and the Cad today!
All the speakers agree the main problem in maths teaching in schools is teaching to the test QuantMethodsConference RT...
Happy Mother's Day to you.
Thank you for the kind word.
is fixing lunch for us.
we just got out of chruch and now at the library
RT : 55401: my neighborhood is going in the crapper.
How do I know?
The number of loud noises from Badgers fans
Its 100 degrees and I just can't wait to get into my car that's been sitting in the sun all day
YES.
Huge amounts of approval.
Great film subjects!
: Off day film study....
Jerome brown,reggie white, and john randle badmen
My Mind is saying one thing  My Heart is saying another I want to listen to My Mind but My Heart is Overpowering Everything right now.....
Dumping Seesmic for Tweetdeck.
No character counter and doesn't auto pick Twitter account with I hit reply.
Irritating.
heey we can be real friends : hahaha!
Happy Thanksgiving Jack!
Hope you have a great day and good luck on the court this season.
FYI: If you're downloading and getting a lot of security Qs, that's Apple beefing up their security.
RT : RT : The greatest gift is life...
so don't waste a second and MakeItCount!
lol no u don't
Seems like the entire DC fire dept has surrounded my house.
DS: quick note...
I know Andy Dalton had a good year for a rookie...
But by no means did he deserve to be named a Pro Bowl alternate.
What's your FridayNight looking like Madison?
its hard to leave a lover but if the lovers cheated,they've already left.
Blood of a slave Heart of King
RT : Gingrich announcing the end of his campaign today is like calling up your ex 3 months later to tell him you're over him
He took the goggles off!
Quick someone go hide them!
KGL and Hoda just announced that those who sleep on the left side of the bed are more cheerful and positive.
Hey, that's me!
With an anytime fitness on Freret membership you're not just strengthening muscles, you're strengthening a movement....
China's looming conflict between energy and water  On Line opinion
hahaha not a fan?
Where are u my dear!?
the doctoram is real Kenny god bless you and your family I appreciate now and long before...2620!!!
The young woman who just sold you a ticket for sunset cruise on Havana Harbor isn't allowed on the boat.
End Cuba Tourist apartheid.
Tara we'd love to help out.
Shoot us a DM we'd love to hear more about the opportunity.
any word of a possible trade for 76ers?
They need a closer/steady scorer bad.
RE: I got you!
Thanks for the respond...
FUCK MY LIFE I AM ACTUALLY OBSESSED WITH TUMBLR RIGHT NOW!
but im on the daily limit think so i like 341 pics to reblog Yeah!
I HAVE NO LIFE
You'll get offers sent to your phone while on the GO!
Up to 1 special offer sent per day from different places in the city.
Ready..Set..GO!
M.I.A.
and resumes in my office
What do you think THE EFFACING is?
I'll tell you....
Once it is complete..
absoulutely: : About to see the Avengers with  It was so good!
Definitely recommend!
my friend sent me a coast to coast poster in the mail and its signed :' i never got to see him on the tour :
my boy!!
What's good fam!
I know you our there grindin ha ha
What the hell is the doing trading superstar Mona Ellis and upandcoming Ekpe Udoh?
The Warriors are going to lose many fans!
he said effff this and went out for beers
I will talk with About the name..
I might be able to talk her into it!
Definitely needed!!
RT : Great panel on atty/agent ethics at SLA2012.
Question re why agents dont have their own org
I am off to bed.
Great night of living it up in Nice!
Oh yeah!
Your day is off to a good start, i'd say.
hey there!
just saw your tweet come through in my NVEnergy search and realized I hadn't seen u in forever!
How are u?!
it's that time of the day.
Sports Grill To Watch The Heat Game :
So thankful God has blessed me with such a beautiful woman inside and out!
and to you as well!
Happy Birthday to me!!
OSU racquetball team wins 5th straight title
First day of summer...
If you're the mayor, then I'm the Governor.
RT : I just became the mayor of Nicki from Greendale on !
Booya!
My poor little feet
Do you have a favorite area car wash?
Just looked at the questions  I like!
Will respond tonight after work!
:
yup.
I'm under the doctorer.
but they've not shipped it yet You're using a beta service
if you wanted anything romantic to happen with a girl, what would it be?
Birds of Paradise!
My mom has HUGE ones growing in her back yard.
Almost summer yeah!
Hope you have great day!
Ahh, starbucks chai latte.
I wasn't kidding cildc See you tomorrow.
LA THIS WEEK!
book lover and want an actual copy, i will have those available in the next couple weeks.
Have a great night, time for some Chipotle!!
I think it's safe to say that J.R.
Smith just threw down the dunk of the night.
Just four more days
a jane austin hero in a john grisham world
Happy Halloween.
Have a Great One!
Love You!
Trends are showing that the internet is the single greats form of Marketing for salons.
what.
I don't know what that means lls
Hoboken New Jersey, birthplace of baseball.
Did you know that?
i say we pitch in and buy him one.
lol
Awkward day
Order sent to Renee in AZ!
yeah that's what I thought too
As always, another fun event from  the crew.
Great to catch up with , et al
In my last class of undergrad, wow!
Watching King Kong; about to go to lunch  finish my exam!
Just went to wrong location for my audition.
I'm at the beach audition in Hollywood.
No worries ill make it!
sure but you need to get a frikin phone
I did.
Let me do you Bad, apparently THAT GUY wins...
Tune into the show tomorrow morning at 6 and 8 am for the number to call to donate for Bikes for Kids!
Help make a childs holidays special!
Its too nice for it to be christmas this weekend.
I hate tricky weather
context clues are a bitch
So who figured out where my official birthday party will be?
Off to see at KenCen with !
Purple pink orange sunrise
that's just unfair.
Mom and Dad making us choose.
I don't think it matters how religious you are, or aren't  the Bible really is the best place to go to for advice
Thanks for the shout out!
I look forward to getting involved and meeting you all soon!
This guy is high.
Or doctornk.
Or something
Nothing looks the same and everything reminds me of
hahaha, I remember writing a beautiful thank you note roughly 3 weeks after the wedding.
agreed.
But knowing he will hook up new spidey w/ spidergirl jess doctorw..make it some weirdness
Could there be a bad one??
: RT : Was it a good mention?
RT : mentioned
fortune telling Lady, Cain, Abel, hunchback of ND, Good Samaritan, Ophelia, Noah, Einstein, Robin Hood, jealous monk, doctorFilth...
Great white sighting in Mission Beach today?
Oh great, just in time for me to go back there.
I love all the CUTE :
THX for the FF love!
Really nice company to be in, too!
HeyI'll send you a direct message to discuss!
Just got back from Six Flags!!
Fun day but my feet hurt so bad haha
Hard work pays off.
Not watching the pitt hoops game?
Bedtime on FF 4 and those he loved:
New love of mine These Kids Wear Crowns 3
you can buy cats !!!!!!!
ahahaah jk u wont ur too cute !!!!
My sister acts like she's the most important person in the world.
Not like I was trying to show you something or anything.
Ugh fuck youu.
Looking forward to Mngful Use: Lessons Learned from Stage 1 Implementation.
Firecracker moderator in /
as in anything can happen.
Feliz dia de el Maestro from USA for Mexico
Tom Cat and Jerry mouse.
where is the Compass bowl  its not on Siri 84 like the online guide says it should be!
RT : The funniest people are the most depressed.
// Whether absolutely true or not, certainly gives pause.
I'm completely down with that
I want ZOO 2012!!
It's Fat Tuesday!
Maestro is fueling our creative energy with fresh, delicious paczkis!
Yum!
How will you indulge today?...
not much sleep for me I guess.
:
Ex husband sent Chloe to school today in socks as he couldn't find her shoes!!
He did find them after a few hours but is he for real?
had a great time last night at the Our Lady of Lourdes annual dinner dance!
Suckfest!
This Amtrak has no outlets!
No play by play this trip
Working for one of the South's great newspapers, the Nashville Tennessean.
sings along  rt : how many times can my hands hit the ground?
: How many times will the clock go around?
The more I'm myself, the more I learn about myself, the more happy I am..
with myself.
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe that America reads at a seventh grade level.
happy 4th to you to sir!
What you got planned?
I think IA results say a lot to back up my previous assertion about Perry being Republican nominee.
Just imagine if he was on the ballot...
Major downpour in Miami last night.site of Wrestlemania..
WWE officials are said to be concerned with weather tonight..would love a downpour
We're developing transition resources for CCSS  conducting a full gap analysis.
Using it to plan PD.
is pretty much the beez knees.
So ya.
U already been knowin shit RT Had my first black Thanksgiving this weekend.
White Thanksgiving needs to work on its game
we will go soon!!!
When you hang out with , expect things to get all serious.
Complete with official calendar invites to doctornk wine.
You like that huh?
Mean Church is an impossible contradiction.
It's like roundsquare or coldfire, or  in my case, clean kitchen.
Chicago gettin in that Detroit ass
sounds fun!
All I can say right now is that when it rains, it sure does pour.
I wish I could be in 2 places at once for the next 3 weeks!
aren't we due for some face time again?
Seen Zorn of late?
So, fellow academics, a question: does anyone actually /like/ grading papers?
Be honest.
you inspire me.
just pretend they're greg castetter and you're doctorving a car
Any time I tweet then I just happen to get a random mention afterwards, I always have a mini heart attack thinking it's him.
Not going to sit in this house today I'm going out!
Did I seriously forget my Free Hugs button on Free Hugs Day?
MAN.
holy shit the yogurt commercial parody was hilarious.
Georgia;Atlanta :
This American Life had to retract the iphone story, but workconnectsusall still, even sxsw hipsters and poor Chinese toilers.
Outrageous nerve!
are you surprised?
Glad you liked it!
According 2 the new Footloose, when ur mad u should dance.
I know poppin' and lockin' for me gets it all out.
how rude .
I found out that boys name :
Happy Easter 
Motivate  Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
iStreamPlanet doctorves Video Delivery in the Cloud with Intel Xeon ...
Listening to our first record on vinyl.
Pretty sweet!
at livestrong park last summer.
it was awesome.
excited for some timbers games too:
I wish I liked football
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Let go of F.E.A.R.
Fridays
Stealthy pic FAIL.
I didn't turn my sound off :X lol
Once they unveil me, the tour will only be of me.
Students who use it in a positive and in the right way can market themselves to companies and become aware of opportunities and events....
Start Bledsoe on Parker.
Grab some boards.
Heal the injuries.
Keep your chin up.
Throw more lobs.
Remove the glass.
As usual U R Super amazing!!!
I loved tonight's performance!
I want U  Joshua to be the Top 2
Selenators  Smilers Yay I'm so happy I'm both 
DontGiveUpBecause that's what all them hoes want you to do
I mean I know I have but that's not always true.
That link was via , btw.
Apparently my knuckle looks, feels, and smells like a grape, because my foster bunny just bit into it.
Opened the door for Dan Bylsma and Ray Shero Crazy!!!
So pissed off on how this night is going...
not enough girls...
Your nails look awesome!
Need more followers!!!
Lmfao
you're nothing but a liar.
Holding back your feelings stops you from getting hurt, but it also hold you back from true happiness.
RIP Dick Buckley.
it's not annoying!
You are welcome!
I enjoyed it and would be happy to come anytime!
Well, as long as there's Chi dogs again :
You know someone means a lot to you, when their mood can easily affect yours
GOD BLESS AMERICA
Thanks for the follows guys!
R u going to Kzoo?
NCS?
If loving Hall  Oates is wrong, we don't want to be right
I 3 Indy!
RT : Just heard MSNBC's Darren Ravelle on ESPN radio call Indy the best SuperBowl city he's ever seen!
Getting yelled at by stefan who is on Skype with me for tweeting in front of him, I can multicast stefan :D
heard 2 guys debating scratching out wife and writing in girlfriend because good cards are gone
follow me please!
Any man that isn't a vegetarian and says they don't eat Boston Market, actually eats cum.
girls are easy on stickam
Yes way :
i get so competative when im apart of something because I do my best thats y im always known as another coach!
Bc i carry my team with me
R E T W E E T IF YOU IDOLIZE MILEY CYRUS.
I have yet to see a single cat pop up on my frame, I think it was an empty threat :P
thanks for the response...
any time frame?
do we know when it will be fixed?
Giants get Super rings, aim to be dynasty Ten tables wasn't big enough for Justin Tuck.
He wanted his second Super Bowl ring to be bigger
is heading to Miami in 2 days.
Will be touring the Norwegian Epic.
Thanks for clearing that up!
yes saturday lunch was mistimed; we asked to pull it back to 1 pm since people were hungry  they said yes but took till 2 anyway.
eh...
we try !
tell your friends to take a listen :D
RT Braised beef sandwich is mighty tasty...

How do I cancel your service?
Trivia for today: Where does our motto e pluribus unum come from?
The answer is surprising!
I Was Going Thru My Call Log The Other Day And All I Saw Was Your Name, I Was Thinking What I'm Thinking This Girl Got Me Feeling Some Kinda
I stood the last two minutes of that game.
The thunder are so easy to cheer for and let's be honest, we don't see crowds like that in MKE.
I'll be in my bunk.
He ban me to touch my cellphone cause I've got bad mark and he hold my phone :
The CD for the Evening with Neil  Amanda is probably the most beautiful CD I've seen.
I can't wait to see what this brings!
RT : Follow us and share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 WIN a ROOM NITE!
Today is the last day!
Someone who will listen to me, let me ask questions, and give me wise counsel...
and someone who will hold me accountable.
I'm hungry as shit might go sit down for lunch today
They told me to take a streetcar named desirethen transfer to on called cemeteries ride six blocksget off at Elysian fields!
T Williams
NowWatching Horrible Bosses
I no longer have my phone contact me on FB to get in touch w/ me
Hipster Rule: one of you has to sell out and keep your car for the days when your fellow hipsters don't feel like biking during rush hour.
I'm sure you are right.
xo Auntie
SO I SEND my prayers out for your brother's fast recovery which prob wnt be that fast like ten days lol poor guy
Not really.
: But I will be.
In order to succeed you need to have more desires than excuses.
Keep smiling.
boyfriend came on the radio and i had a spaz attack.
Omg.
i got a pix of Nancy Polsi in flower doctorss  beads bandana '68 SF Ca she still fits the WS prots today 7 likes it
I completely disagree.
I think, more than ever, they stuck to their plan.
Connectria Hosting Unveils an IBM i Cloud  IT Jungle
I'm always open to hearing about story leads.
At Sonic Then Starbucks Later With My Mommy 3
Working on The Juggernaut, hope to have it in the bag in bout a week.
doctormmer
coming soon!
Here go the officials sucking lebrons dick.
Omg so annoying
She's jamming out to your hubby again...
ok ok ya got us...
our first tweet!
Look forward to specials, event shout outs, and more info on 25th anniversary celebrations!
A few days off after a great weekend of shows!
Thanks to those of you who came and those who didn't  we start back up again Thursday at 8!
They thought about holding us late.
Wtf
skip i love ya man !
I wish i could say i even had a childhood Let alone a good 1
GET IT BABES...paperchasin tell that paper look I'm right behind ya!!
Dear usgov ...
lets not go to war with Iran..
they never did anything wrong to the USA, and lets not start a fight we cant Finish
You got skills!!!
Great sound!
Best Regards!
Eric
In other news, I dyed my hair finally!!
woot woot!
Ah.
First sip of coffee in the morning.
That's about right.
Marketing tip: captainre walkin traffic using a fishbowl to collect business cards.
Followup by sending discounts, coupons or specials.
At Chicago o'hare airport heading home after 3 days  certainly better than CDG last week
hi you on i g2g to bed in 2 mins big day tommorow
IM SORRY I WAS JUST WONDERING HOW OLD U WERE
im findinding this out seems he is growing by the minute he is such a good baby also i love being a mom HUGS TO U
Last night, Charles Barkley showed no love for the gospursgo even after the win in Denver he thinks SA is not even the best team in Texas.
Still at work
no worries!
None at all!
Jump start your weekend with a delicious cup of our freshly brewed 100 Colombian Coffee.
Get your free cup during breakfast hrs!
place of my doctorams!
I have old Colonial roots back to a bigamous Pilgrim  can't wait to actually see more of the area.
Hey!
Thank you guys for spinning my song, Glide.
It is sincerely appreciated.
Chillin in my room getting ready for the next 2 meets in the the next 2 dayz 
thanks again for producing that track for and I.
Good work all around boys.
ThingsThatAnnoyMe When people step on my shoe!
yep....
its in the mail!
Wealth principle Keep your focus on your customers needs  not on your competition.
Teaching today, four students coming to paint with me!
FUN.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
Mary Ann Williamson
Answering student and faculty questions about education and copyright.
Not only do I look forward to Mon nights because it's my free night, but also because it means Bachelor tweets by
and furthermore....bedfellows, make politics strange
my boyfriend of 5 months....is gone
They'll just have to make due with finger paints until college, according Strip Club Logic.
It's SO beautiful outside!
It helps that the JOY of the Lord is my strength too, because He gives me the ability to even enjoy the weather!
Spending time this week getting to know and how we might use it for Thanks, !
44 days til I move back to Chicago!!!
What does that mean?
Yes, really enjoy the smss12 training.
I get lots of recent info, and data from experts across industries.
lol xD Damnn..
Well are you still gonna be in there with us?
Please dont leave you make it brighter xD
Text me 7024187833
that's why I love her, she my gutta bihhhh.
I wish I could spend a day in the shoes of one of my followers just so i could have the privilege of following me
Oh, Yoghurt.
RT If I responded w/ May the schwartz be with you.
Would you know what I meant or would you think I'm crazy?
:
Yea for Goldsmith...
Don't be upset about that...
You wanna go back to school remember?
Lol...
Stewart Robson must be trying to give Steve McManaman a run for title of World's Worst Commentator
Skyline football
Ah, the RedSox lose to the Yankees!
Fenway has survived 100 years of this agony.
Shaunie O'Neal says the future of Basketball Wives will be more balanced.
What do you think?
The official after party for every party has a message for you W.mysong.fm/nine72
You already seem way cooler than i will ever be :
I thought u had one o.O
how are you?
long time no talk......
At least it's Thursday, right?
I know!
I'm afraid to put away my winter clothes!
Really strange weather this year!
Texas is so boring:
I am so glad I decided to revisit big audio dynamite today...
To avoid any spoilers...
it is awesome seeing Carl not be a wimpchild anymore.
No more moping around, boy, there's work to be done.
How dat silk feel on ya booty girl LMAO Classic gettinitin!
I am looking for an additional income stream.
Who has the best one going?
Looking for sub 1000 initial buyin.
: We did it last summer so I think a comeback is possible.
So good!
cute, I like!
:
Awesome customer service at AMEX and I haven't even gotten my card yet
Very irresponsible.
Read about Learning with Gadgets: Teaching Persuasive Strategies through StudentCreated Infomercials in Communication Teacher at...
Hey I know you will do great on your first single and many more to come I hope you have a great day
Life is an ugly, awful place not to.have a best friend.
This is great, Lucy!
:D And thanks for the kind mentions!
RNR Hall of Fame induction: gotta love !
Donovan, Laura Nyro Beastie Boys, MORE!
It's early..
Headed to my moms work.
Chick Fil a please!
everyone plz follow one of my besties as simple as that
aw I'm sorry baby 
Who remembers when Ari 1st posted her 96,000 video?!
Now shes almost at 1mil!
Feels like it was just yesterday :'
We're not crowdsourcing anything that I know of, but the year is young, and we haven't planned everything out yet!
Excited to have you in Night Light!
If you use Instagram, the hashtag is
Thanks!!!!
Really great information.
Can't wait to get out there and doctorwn : jk.
State lawmakers pushing to raise age limit from 18 to 21 if you want to buy smokes.
What do you think of the proposal?
Getting ready to watch American Idol w/ my little bro !
D
Head on over to LiLLiES in WoodleyPark DC tonight 57 for happyhour or come this weekend for brunch or dinner!
thanks for reading and for the RT
My foundation no longer matches and my cheeks are burnt
wild guess.
lol
let me know.so I can get my tickets early ...
Not so much!
: RT : evidentially the singing isn't very good ;
Otherwise I may just ry to work it for Sundance.
How about you?
But of course!
Happy Friday to you all as well!
Woo hoo!
mister Figaro performing this Friday!!!
Come play!
I agree with you 100 !!!
If we have entered the digital age what am I doing with all of this paper crap on my desk?
long live the Queen...
Appreciate that Bro!!
That means alot real talk
Country music always calms me down 
thanks for the assist getting taken care of
Gotta kill you by a certain time, now that's what I call a dead line!
Had a great day today, a bit hard but still good.
: I am very relieved, I'm finally getting help for...everything.
StayStrong 3
Did you know that on Amazon you can SUBSCRIBE to monthly gummy grapefruit delivery?
Yeah.
Regular OR pink.
puños almost back!
Looks like u gotta lot of catchin up to do.
Hit me up.
DYK?
Gladys Knight Accomplished singer and actress is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
This NEW TRACK IS WILD ND IF U DONT LIKE IT
say the right words at the right time
my mom makes a song about everything she sees when she's in a good mood.
i love yuh :
Most definite and your family as well.Everyone keep your chins up.Be strong.
Trees in Israel bear a particular significance.
Trees embody the commandment to settle the Land.
Israel 
Lord, please protect me from brokeness diddy voice
Ice bathing after the most random 13 miler ever...
somewhere b/w wacking the heck out of binding cords and spinning yarn all weekend, mucked up my wrists.
I will always give good wrestling a shot ; Hense why I started to watch in the first place
Awesome shot!
hmm..
our online summer classes for college credit are open!
you can just transfer the credits..
let us know if we can help!
I'm working..
I heard they shit though..they tight
I wIsh you'd talk to me cause you never leave my damn mind.
Even if i try it still doesnt
Wed Trivia: The modern version of this May day was first observed in 1907.
What is the day?
Answer at noon.
Getting closer and closer to a local gig...stay tuned!!
The Birthday Weekend kicks off, tomorrow!!
best song by wiz in my opinion
as unceremonious as throwing away an old toothbrush is, it isn't without emotion.
you served me well, you old soandso.
David Ortiz just left with an injured foot?
That can't be good.
This absence of feeling was relieving, comforting, but did not cease her racing mind; despite the overwhelming waves of intoxication.
Life isn't about finding yourself.
it's about creating yourself.
Something like that you're gonna have to take as it comes.
Men don't always clean up either.
How much does it cost to get to where the wild things are?
If it is not expensive, my sister and I would like to spend the summer there.
Don't run and hide because your problems will catch up with you until you solve them.
Jules You probably said something sassy
GRAD STUDENTS
Prank calls were so much better before caller identification
Good to know!
RT : We'll be releasing more the week of 4/8 so stay tuned!
how about we separate sexuality and professorssionalism?
not clear that this is an improvement.
so many nice people on tumblr digging the new song : if you happen to listen to it, let me know what you think!
Getting this head of mine together
lol yea but its my group on Thursday haha
Looking dumb while running away from a bee!!!
Not sure how you track pt.
data but perhaps identify some procedures indicative of prev care approach  query database?
I'm blowing up Ur twitter:
Excited about this!
Thanks!
Need caffeine.....
These 24hour zinesters are really trucking!
im so nervous.
i just found out im takin doctorvers ed next year in feburary and im gonna get behind the wheel Scared lol
hitting up the Sat for IndyCar and Le Mans, and I just found out Joan Jett  The Blackhearts are playing in the evening.
Help them.
They're nice.
2012 followers for by Dec 16.
Carson Palmer sucks.
No one cares about KC and Oakland or watching Shane Lechler punt.
Please stop showing this garbage.
He conquers who endures.
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mom ever!!!!
33 lovee her so much no matter what :
How long does it take to write a procedure?
Probably my least favorite question.
Any ideas?
I think is going for a Jheri curl!
I'm so jealous
It's so nice to feel people care about u!
TY 4 ur kind words!
Hope u have a gr8 day 2morrow.
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20
Where are you this year for the welcome back concert as ASU!
Was a blast last year..they got Lupe Fiasco to come...garbage!
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBANRUMBASALSA CLASSES.
LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT!!!
it starts at 8:15 and ends at 2:15.
How about over there?
I'm so excited, I just can't hide it...
I'm about to lose control  I think I like it!
That's a good childhood.
Favorite Motown number I Wish it Would Rain
we added a long tall table at our SF office and it's a big hit.
Well, we have to get there between 8:30  9 am to sign up, then at 9, it's the warmup stretch, and the walk is at 10.
If you like our FB page and tweet us a pic of you at the study abroad fair today, you'll have an even better chance to win a prize!
u welcome
Turns out I hang out enough at Boston oyster bars to have an informed debate with NOLA shuckers.
Maybe remove your nail polish in his room when he's going to bed tonight too.
Damn i want a Bakersfield Blaze hat..even tho it looks like a butterfly inside a flamin weed leaf
Why does it concern you if someone is a vegetarian?
It doesn't so fuck off.
oh whoops!
That's good to know.
Hard to get my info straight from so far away
Lessons learned by successful/effective managers are roughly: 70 from tough jobs 20 from people 10 from courses/reading
Just saw a PG cop cut off an ambulance.
Smh.
Those couple seconds could mean life or death.
Lol good thing my eyes are way too doctor so I didn't just cry.
RT Sunday is 's 25th birthday.
All he wants is a Super Bowl berth.
Go get it, young man.
YESEliminate unprofessortable services/products and focus on what makes money.
Or outsource it.
Finally an episode of Glee where only good things happen!
:
Today was cool
Congress: Afterschool programs have proven to reduce youth crime, truancy, and improve testscores.
Amy R.
what are you wearing and did you win???
i remember warped tour randalls island and all that garbage getting thrown!!
Haha
I love Austin Lee Stevens:
RT : We want to see your pics  vids from from tomorrow's shareholder meeting.
Use VeriGreedy  99Spring in your tweets!
happy anniversary weekend!!
RT This is a great day for the Buffalo community, the Bills organization  our fans!
...
See you at 1:45 pm.
just posted a picture!
Happy Winter Solstice.
The Shortest Day of the Year!
We want to instantly connect people everywhere to what are most important to them.
JT, regarding me getting points for a passing garbage truck: If I had a phone, I'd post that to Dad.
He'd be so mad.
Thank you for a super fun catch up session ...
way overdue and we must plan something again soon!
he's a badass sexy mofo 
Literal or figurative?
I have thoughts on both RT : What Part Does SavingEnergy Play in Cutting Fat From Healthcare Operations?
KU  MU for the national championship.
Love the way they set this up so that could happen.
Both teams got really nice doctorws.
HAHA thanks Patty!!
Im going to be so busy tomorrow its not even funny.
The new NKOTBSB song don't turn out the lights is addicting.
I sing it every day.
Udall: Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man Yes!
It has to be about people!
Sleepover with
Peanut butter tacos.
My life will never be the same.
Ill be in the building.5/27
I need to find a twitter boo for my bio.
Everyone's got one but me : 
: The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
If you a zero I can be yo hero lol..
Heard protester who bit cop's finger thought it was a hot dog.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
Did you see the JayZ sketch on SNL last night?
Jay Pharoah's impression is pretty good.
Your hunch may be correct.
Maine lacks life on his fastball and confidence in himself.
Maybe he needs a minorleague stint.
Shout out to my fam n the boot.
B back soon.
keep your head up Mike.
Still 6 rounds to go.
You'd be perfect for mister Irrelevant
Wow, Ryan and I are saddened to hear that.
Unfortunately, not a lot of Americans know of her.
The RUMOR out of China is that N.Korean leader, Kim Jungun was assassinated today.
I stress that this is unconfirmed, pure speculation.
All the creepy ways of being hacked.
Great, great finale!
U need to get me some followers now loll!!
I hate Mondays..
I never wanna wake up!
Need takeout?
Just order online  www.Mumbaibistro.com and your order will be ready in 15  20 mins for pickup!
Group applauds comment re: Dodd/Frank limiting business growth at
I have to say that the doover potential of an Etch A Sketch life is mighty tempting.
Just shake and restart!
What could it be??
Get her there!
RT : Sitting at 499 followers....
Hm...
Will it hit 500 or dwindle down !!
please go to a local shelter and adopt.
WaysideWaifs or HeartlandSPCA are the two big names in town!
doctorck's bachelor party is about to get going!!!
At dinner sitting next to a lefty
Working and rooting for the Timbers today.
Also, trying not to buy all the new, cool tshirts and jackets we got in.
Go Timbers!!
Need to choose a hash tag for events that transpire in the DC public alley over which my apartment looks.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I rented Moonwalker every weekend.
Michael Jackson was my hero and I couldn't pronounce the word pedophile.
wait, what?!
Out Bitches!
Come party!
hipsterproblems skinny jeans too tight....bout to tear through them
Actually, it didn't end for good.
A season five should still be coming.
Maybe.
Please?
How do start your fiesta???
By dancing in the rain...
hell yeah!!
You know what?
I really like using disqus for comments on anything that needs comments.
Thanks !
Just can't help but get indigant: I pay them w/taxes, pay extra postage, they have a car, I don't.
All I'm asking is jobdoing.
thanks for the retweet!
We had a great show tonight ;
to full
Finally Back!
Forgot My PASSWORD!
:D
Took a moment to reflect on my BIGGEST mistakes....guess what I'm still standing!
Yankees Battle a Shifting Tide Teams are putting the shift on more and more against the Yankees and it's showing in the box scores
Thank you, I've been searching for the photos, but couldn't find them :
Anybody else physically wave off Chalmers when he was doing jumping jacks for the ball by the 3point line?
: man fuck this I miss that nigga I was with : our old familia
With the announcement of the Foo Fighters being at Summerfest, I'm wondering if they will just let me camp there for the 11 days.
i think could make a better president than
DM me the acct tel , i'll check and make sure everything is in order on my end
and people in hell want ice water.
We found the issue country was being automatically set.
The fix will be out in just a few minutes.
Thanks for letting us know!
I miss you too
OK good!
yes I did.
Thanks xoxo
when are you getting here??
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers 
my birthday is in 7 days and i would appreciate it if i got a happy birthday from you when it happens
aw blush ;/
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher.
Japanese Proverb
yeahI do notice that and think weather manipulation!
Your thoughts on possible viral particulates?
:D sounds like a fun day xD
And we're back.
Hotel is sending very mixed messages about what to do.
Hooray for PCC presenters carrying on.
Starting a rainy Saturday with delicious , a subscriptionbased coffee service, after learning about it with
Ah!!
Sportin' new skins!
Look for me spinning my wheels around MKE!
Woot!
And.
Here.
We.
Go.
Watching PrettyLittleLiars with Destiny : then Lindsey is coming for a movie : GIRL'S NIGHT
Cultural StoneMalverne
what do u do when you have feelings for someone but now they are gone and you never said anything?
I swear I've bought wine from this guy!
you better yell it .
change that to ain't shit vs no good .
How the hell this nigga don't tell y'all we together .
got his ass
Green Metropolis by David Owen is a great one that has been getting a lot of coverage lately.
come on let's go
A bad girl trying to be good:/.
The most powerful motivation is fun.
Leave this world, enter the next
LeBrick James helping the Heat blow a 17 point lead  miss clutch shots late...while that 'old' guy Kobe doctorpped 48 on the Suns..!!
Money Saving Tip 30: Give a gift of a service instead of an item.
That's awesome.
Thanks at you!
it's not about those who do not want to get married it's about those who want to get married.
Living in Salem during Halloween is like living at the North Pole during Christmas.
So, yes, it is the plot of Nightmare Before Christmas.
I love going one mph on the highway....
Dont miss our final sermon in the Love Life Rehab series this Sunday!!!
Question: What do you call a male metermaid?
ThingsIHate Alex Rodoctorguez
your tweets are stupid.
Yup we're in Pgh Chi and Bos now!
Wow denver you now have mexican delivery call today and stay out of the rain!
picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo 3039990785
and here goes :
Amen.
RT : middle enduring, process is hard.
Even when you know what God says its the preparation like Esther.
TIP: When you have a chance, sit down at a table with a pro player or jus observe them.
Try to learn what they do and learn every second.
I ordered a set of clubs this weekend ladies Di9.
I'm ready to dominateand when I say dominate I mean fix my outofshape game
Enjoy!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Greg :
Great people I follow and get immense benefit from always , , , , ,
SICKING IS IT NOT?....
Excited to be at the women's session of the Texas Evangelism Conference!
Donna Gaines is about to speak so pray!!!
is my new hero.
Love the series AmericaRevealed on
bandsimseeingin2012 Us!
:D
and tearing them apart on the right side.
And is a beast.
Good morning tweeters!
Please join us for yoga this evening  5:30  7pm.
New students: 1 week free of unlimited group classes  1 free private pilates class!
What the fuck?!?!
Things that trend this days make me sad...
When you're done, just hit SEND
Mayo?!
Ugh that is foul.
Going to the dance with :D
Sad day get better Derrick rose
Amazing game boyss
Keeping the couch warm, watching the Phillies and getting into a bedtime state of mind.
Rooting for  But everyone on that stage deserves this.
Best of luck to all of them.
Wax wings, High hopes.
Long fall.
thank you.
3
Many thanks!
Cheers!
I tip my hat to the social workers of the world.
Quite the job.
channeling your inner Clay Matthews.
That's Seattle hophop.
A but above.
RT The word Bitch is always wack.
here i am aint going nowhere
words can't describe how happy i am to see the back on that abdc stage.
Merry Christmas :
I REALLY hate being sick....
Guys, it has been an absolute pleasure working with you all this season.
Thank you for everything.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
lol hey kissy face!
I would smash Wendy if she didn't talk....at all lol.
What's up
u r the perfect guy.
I love to go on cruises and spend time at the beach.
I love romance.
I love your tweets there the best they make me smile thankyouu austyy I loveyouu33
beware all suckers, ya froze like icicles.
It's your last chance to win 20 from Seamless.
Get those guesses in before midnight tonight!
The power was out at my house almost all day yesterday, due to a lightning strike.
What do YOU like about working from home?
Am taking a survey, so give me your opinion....I love what I do and live the life I love!
Helene
found u on twitter : u rock, john
If she don't reply the 1st time.
Why would you think she will the 5th, 6th time?
O.o
Hey, tweetfind.com has some free tools that can help you unfollow who is not following you and follow who is.
games suck!
Who stole from the store??
The alarm was going crazy!!
Still can't figure out how removing not for human consumption and adding JWH would make any difference AT ALL!
EVERYONE TEXT BOMB THIS NUMBER!!!!!
3153787576 TWEET ME IF YOU DO!
Better never than late.
George Bernard Shaw

tonite we live at 4 the homie b day bash!!!
obviously voting nonstop for mos wanted
Stanton should have 2 already :
: are u going to amnesia NO AFTERHOURS TONIGHT ,PURGATORY AFTERHOURS OPENS NEXT SAT
Sure, send me an email and I'll answer your questions, eric at trulynetworks dot com
only if i was an older white man!
i would have pulled it off.
i seriously sincerely tried to milk this.
wanted to go!
go go go..
Spoke to students from Lower Burrell, PA all the way up to Greenville, PA and this year has just started.
Missing my siblings extra bad today.
Can someone please invent teleportation, pretty please?
I miss you.
I do love you.
I did love you.
I cared.
You were my everything.
I miss you so much.
You were my complete part of life.
Today at school there was a character day where u have to doctorss up, i doctorssed up like u DAHVIE!333 i pulled it off: im proud
I wish I was Pete Wentz's kid ugh
Lawd it is so funny to hear an elder say azzmee for asthma kmsl gotta love em :
So did any of our followers watch any Prom premiere red carpet footage?
If so, who were your favorites?
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Albert Einstein
The word of God burst life every day.
Have a blessed week!
Pas
Gimme some Mass Pike already.
Yup.
Melvin said Gamel will get his chance to win job outright RT In part, it's because Green hits LH like Gamel.
THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX Send Tweets!
I feel like I should watch Major League 1 and 2 this weekend in honor of
mornig vegas!
new pics were fun to shoot and came out great hope all has a great day
You want me back but none of this helps you at all smh
You know that 's GF was a cast member, right?
i see wut u did there lol bt im serious..
good luck!
Newt teamed up with Chuck Norris lol All shall perish!
awesome!!!
U in chicago?
The LORD is good to those who wait for Him, to the person who seeks Him.
Lamentations 3:25
Love that all pro foot ball players are wearing pink today :
S/O to the guy who legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...That's pretty cool to me...
Thx for the job title love.
I'm a regular at Buzz Bakery, Grape  Bean in Alexandoctora if you ever want to meet to talk shop.
Saturday the 19th would likely be the best day.
and checking out your show would be cool
We were on fire last night wow!
Great night and next weekend will definitely be a sight to behold!
Happy Sunday friends!
I am going to doctorve down ASAP tomorrow to see him  just look and cuddle!
Hahaha maybe he should meet Brandy.!
Don't you mess up, mess up, I don't wanna lose you.
Upon install: An unknown issue has occurred Google doctorve must quit bad bad bad
When are the Heat fans going to realize they have an Average team
Blow it up
doing good buddy!
ThingsIveLearned When something goes wrong, move on.
It's not the end of the world.
:
casually overdosing on advil.
The weekend is almost here!
If you need a Munchkin Minder let us know!
Went out doctorssed like Rosie the Riveter for an American themed party.
No one knew who she was.
Oh wells.
There's no point in having this iPhone..
But I'm not allowed to sell it.
Okay.
Thanks for the FF mention.
Hope your having a delicious week!
NYU now has an Abu Dhabi site  build Shanghai
Today is another breath.
Your house wash away, it common problem.
Today I'm making homemade vanilla ice cream and blackberry/raspberry pie.
I might as well not even try for anything healthy in the meantime.
Kobe's window appeared to be shrinking...
Bet that was a great show!
How was your trip?
Beyond excited for all of my friends going through placement tonight!!
Love y'all!!
Headin back in
now I don't think if gannondorf when I see your tweets
alli can i get a follow from you?
it would mean the world to me 3 i love you : you are so pretty o
Personal Training Promotions this month!
for more info!
Yeah  it's only a mile from my house, so that makes a difference!
If Your Tweeting Than Im Retweeting It.
New song Saturday.
Can't wait
Barely more than 1,000 emails behind you ...
RT : Sunday, April 8, 2012, 8:45 a.m., achieved the impossible doctoram: INBOX ZERO.
you should have answered when called you
This is taking waay to long D:
At taco bell yum!
:p
Dunkin Donuts mentioned again:  RT oreo milkshakes from dunkin donuts gt;gt;gt;
okay i paid 50 of the tickets.
so i guess it is only like 3/4 of a ticket.
but still.
lol
Hopkins Homewood...
we will be at the San Martin Center Carnegie Institution area today 112.
I noticed this after I sent the tweet.
Still surprised its been down this long.
I rarely use my laptop, I'm mostly on my phone 
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of Media Arts and Practice exhibitions, talks, workshops and more!
J.R.
Smith for 3!
Just spotted Mark Zuckerberg sitting behind the knicks bench.
awe too sweet!
U my gurl!
stop tweeting and I'll stop cause I'm trying to sleep!!
imagine Austin:Lets commit the perfect crime i steel your heart you steel mine You:Okauy how bout nowsmilesAustin:kisses you anna
Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons; it is to grow in the open air  eat and sleep with the Earth
I might get to talk to John ocallaghan on the phone tomorrow
yes!
I'm excited!
And sounds good just let me know for sure
Another boring rainy day..
PodCast ready to go..::: Details soon:
Soccer pictures for aubrey
One of these days, I hope this truck makes it somewhere near the corner of H and Third in Chula Vista.
Please!
I HATE auto correct.
Anyone else see the irony that our railsconf lunch pies were cooked in an easybake?
Crazy!
85 of the authors on are unpaid.
shares how you attract masses to your business to smcsd.
CD Release Party tonight  Pops for Champagne for The Rose Colella Trio's new album Small Hours 9Midnight popsforchampagne.com
Great book though.
Love it
I really wish The LeBrontologist had to get through the West gauntlet of LA SA OKC Memphis and Dallas.
Everyone hurt out East.
ASSterisk
looking for gigs in NWA
Had the Counselors Room last night.today breakfast at La Peeps,and McD's Angus burger with Hi'C Orange 4 lunch!
my laundoctormat has wifi.
i have so many questions as to what is socially expectable at this point in time.
History lesson: When top tax rate was 91, employers paid more with benefits to avoid those high taxes.
Employees spent  economy soared!
and I'm proud of it!
No.
The one from Maddie and I is MIA.
I gave you the one I painted for your sweet 16.
So yell at Maddie, I don't even have it.
I could so say something but I'm going to be nice to you ..
This week!
Whats good man?
Happy birthdays
I'm melting
I'm sampling Schlitz and PBR at Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg today from 24p.
Come visit if u live in the north shore area!
Careerism  the philosophy of governing to win the next election above all else  is the root of almost all that ails Washington,
Walkin to school
Thanks for the mention.
Have a great week.
Of course:
He better get this
Try to buy in your community
New phone tomorrow hopefully its not defective too
New study: Students report feeling supremely confident about ability to get jobs filling in bubbles.
WhosHiring?
Great pic.
GratefulDead  best band ever!
Just played with an Apple Newton...wow!
I've been doing okay with all these events, but tonight I'm feeling really tired.
Bring on July 1st!
Your Amazing Sarah I love your keeks and tweets .
P.S : AlexSarahEqaulsWordsCutestCouple !Angelina!
this week is packed but maybe next tues or weds?
great songs u guys 3
already impressing the vatech professor with yer
Hey Rob.
I want to check out some of your musical endeavors.
What should I listen to first?
That awkward moment when you're with Marines at the air show and yell out Omg!
It's Leon Panetta...
and it's not.
AIRBALLED FREE THROW!
IMPORTANT!
: what's your due date again?
...extra cheese is on the secret menu  cheddar and Swiss is another fave, also Swiss and bleu
i hate girls who act lke another girl is their ex like wtf
I'm too lazy ride today, but not too lazy to doctornk my team sponsor's beverages.
Figures.
Thanks, the stream is looking lovely!
Saw SF State U AfroCuban Ensemble.
Great voices, solid percussion...doctor JOhn Calloway strikes again.
Pain tolerance, need more of that.
Hey Terra, we just met with a CD...
We haven't worked with him, but he might be worth checking  www.theDoyle.com
love family
i know the feeling :
Keanu Reeves turns 47 today.
I loved him in Hardball.
He's spooky sexy.
um, you're welcome!
I just tweeted a good one.
We might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain
So true!
RT : RT : sore body today  strong body tomorrow.
im starting my story again!!
:
Cops: Alcohol a factor in wrongway crash
Wen I had to change skol wen I was 9 this girl was giving the look then I started to flip!I had high temper but not any more unles u provote
is the cutest thing ever  when I watch his videos I can't help but smile.
:
2 points for puffy clouds!
Maddy..
text me, bitch;
This girls gut man
The Chula Vista Chamber has endorsed  Susan Davis for the 53rd Congressional District.
lovely linda, i am not aware of any personally, but be in touch, if I come across any I will let you know.
oh thank you!!!!
Will grab it next time.
yes, but what's the phone for?
Share w/us the most important lesson you learned about yourself when making your film/writing screenplay?
so proud of you!!!
Just confirmed: Johanna Kunin from Portland will join us for our festive holiday concerts on Dec.
11 at the Fremont Abbey!
I've got a date with the tax man.
I have to pay 450,000 Eavs for another 250
Thanks!
She's my fave
And then sometimes you have to kill Apache because everything seems to be taking a dump,
Like to welcome Sony Studios for backing the Block Card!
lol I was just about to txt u too .
U saw the pic of Kobe crying ???
aaahh...hope you'll get better soon!
ladies, there is nothing dirtier than basting a bird!
Space to yourself is an important value in a relationship.
you too 3
Have a full afternoon/ evening of crafting planned.
First up is a finishing class at Gauge.
LOVE today's Google Doodle.
:
just sent in an email about endorsement!
Hoping to rep arkaik soon!!
I always say that!
But no one knows what I'm talking about.
Haha
Just landed, back in my second home 
Don't forget to follow all of Zack Bruell's restaurants.
, , and soon to open
wait r u out or home cuz we r out and I'm doctorving, bottle when I get home.
Words we most often 4get.
Please  Thank You.
Be kind
What would u do with a time machine.
Cashmere thoughts
of course :
I guess you just not a leader nephew...lol
darn.
was gonna join you if it was in midtown.
Going to see The Dictator at midnight
So you're ruling out surrogacy so I don't need to know what that means sometimes I relate to much to Joey and Phoebe
I can see clearly now the rain is gone...
Plus, you're just down the road from me.
I teach at Marylhurst and direct their new English and Digital Humanities program.
Amazon redesign....
is glorious.
Damn, i seriously need to quit fucking w/ broke ppl..
talk to me
feel better baby girl 3 almost a week before I come visit : hanginthereboo 3
congrats on your national championship!
In an online poll from Special Events, respondents say the hippest colors for 2012 are neon colors.
Damn it, I'v had it with all this BullShit.
I'm tired of fighting the GOP on one hand and fighting the Pro Left on the other...
Having a great day.
Got a fab hair cut.
Booked 30 Rock for Monday!
Now off to the theatre to see Ellen Burstyn in a new play.
Perfect.
well then do you want him
seriously shows
So women can be the property of men, duh!
.
Maybe it should be
True enuff!!
RT Holy Fuck, you can substitute Greek yogurt for anything!
I'm currently shaving with it.
I shouldn't pick on just Staples.
Screw WalMart too.
Screw any retail shop that treats their workers like shit.
Retail needs unions.
Is it the weekend yet
thanks...
fixed itself...
now accepting pw's just fine....
Looking forward to your tweets...
Cinco de doctornko maybe in 30 minutes, but I'm starting now.
haha yeah it would be!!
especially playing lacrosse :P
TwSIG Which is best to list, the  and name, or the URL?
Twitter icon T and account name is another way on a print piece.
RT : It is not only a screening but also a miniFOUND show...
what are you waiting for?!
Buy your tickets now!...
OMFG HE GREW UP SO MUCH :'
Two spellers left...
It's a perfect sunny and chilly Baltimore morning!
Join Maestro  3:34 pm in front of ballroom CDE astd10 to discuss : eLearning trends, what are you facing?
Chocolate PROVIDED!
CEOs that flew on their private jets to D.C.
begging for bailouts sticks in my mind as the height of arrogance and insensitivity.
If This Isn't Love , Tell Me What It Is...
I Could Tripping Or Just Plain Crazy..
Backhanded compliment RT : Impressed by how many of my students have turned in their final essays a day early.
RT Rihanna and Chris Brown collaborated on new songs.
Padmé and Vader to follow with You Take My Breath Away.
im going to school now :
thank you so much, aw!
I would have so much time back if I wasn't tweeting.
Thinking about a break...
more coffee ; 
Love your new avatar Rebecca!
Spend the afternoon.
You can't take it with you.
Annie Dillard
wrapped again and be in pain..
Idk how to tell them..
Hm..
Sketchy
Yes!
10minutes away on !
yes that is bad but what do you expect from that class
RT if you use the women's bathroom when ever possible.
Great experience at shiftvegas with  learning  building Coworking spaces 4 the community with
Successful authors think in a serial fashion, writing in sequence creates rhythmic and impact.
wow i just witnessed an amazing man for once straight up bought our groceries P love u krew!!!
KimBeezy
It makes me feel so good when women over the age of 1000000 tell me I'm handsome but women under 1000000 don't acknowledge my existence.
No and I can tell you why I dont....
you stuck watching big time rush or something like that big dog?
FREE PIZZA HUT LARGE ANY TOPPINGS KEYWORD OPRAH
I just used the words bourgeois and zoo in the same sentence
Only a couple of hours away until the St Patty's day craziness begins!
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO ILL BE SPINNING!
OPEN BAR 1112!...
Whatever keeps you warm at night...
hey, you l'eggo my Eggo!
it's brutal

raw punk thank you thank you that was truely epic put down
I have hair that needs played with
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Laurel Tavern  Pub
RT : Free and open to the public!
UDCActionSummit This Friday!!!
Will Allen will be speaking!!
69  Because we already listed 96...
ART!
New business page that's here to support all my people coming up in the game  wanna make history in this world.
FOLLOW PAGE
It's 321 Tuesdays: 3 UV Bombs, 2 UV Martinis and 1 PBR!!!
Show this snow what's up and get a doctornk with CRISP!
Need an HD DVR that you can watch on your laptop or tablet?
Call me at 3506428.
I'm your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man!
thanks for the RT :
So am i
why?
how?
when?
where?
2nd period under way
Oh god, why'd I say that?
Thanks for RT!!
Have an excellent day!!
to be Detroit for 30 mins  Completely burned out?
lol
Jst got to work
Nation's Air Improving, Even in L.A.
free trade agreement bet japan and u.s
YOUNGGOONIESRDK we sellin candy out here come chicago!!!
On the contrary.
I just put when I learned to on my Facebook timeline.
If it's on there, it's real!
This nigga over here cuttin up.
21 Jump Street was hilarious!
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Not really
does Mac and cheese count??
Daily Dose of Goodness: Today, deny yourself something.
The cheapest toilet paper is quite sufficient.
one word:HOT.
are we talkin' Sean Penn's PLEDGE?
or something premiering at Sundance?
procrastinationproblems when i am totally ok spending the time/effort to do other people's homework and then can't focus on my own HELP ME!
Lol pay for my weave
As long as you don't water down your booze.
Somehow we got a whole bar in Pittsburgh to put 5 in for the Derby.
C'mon, Dullahan...
Erin wants free dinner.
Bridesmaids was great comedy.
Definitely a rave.
sounds like a great 1 kalbi steak, pulled roast chicken or duck tacos tonight!
Ahhmmazzin!
wow i thought he was smarter than thag
Stoked for my boy that his daughter arrived!
Childoctorn are a blessing from the Lord!!!
Why???
He is our worst reliever....
: wats ur  again i gotta new phone boo!
What time is it?
Gold Week time!
Come in and save 20 off your favorite products!
I need to stop eatin so much junk food
followFriday hilarious tweets about the dumb stuff bands do.
Do your actions make your customers excited about referring you to their colleagues?
Wow!
RT : Banks Return to CRE Lending CMBS Market Poised for Takeoff Rocketing to Infinity and Beyond
PrettyLittleLiars tonight!!
Can't wait!:D
: The oldest known goldfish lived to 41 years of age.
Its name was Fred.
Had a weird doctoram last night that Tim Lincecum got traded to the Cubs.
The Giants received the entire Cubs minor league system in return.
: We get it, your catholic.
You don't have to wear your Ash Wednesday blotch out to the bar.
I'm wearing it behind the bar
God is just simply amazing.
I wanna go out to eat
Running with no socks is like running on a cloud...what does that say about me?
What u doing for your daughter birthday I ask n he said he didn't know ask u
call me a idiot, but after the MCR/Blink Civic tour line up last year, I'm relatively uninterested in the line up this year.
So my professorssor scheduled my last final of my college career..on my birthday
were at so i can post it brother
congrats bud!
We want to make an interactive community effort for local businesses and invite everybody who is interested to get into the game to play...
Maybe you can do a kickstarter to get the money.
Crowdfund your crowdfunding!
your little sister  anyone else in the world.
First final down in 13 minutes.
Talk to your local library about hosting a free program on a topic related to your industry.
Weather forecast is spot on today except for being dead wrong.
RT : i dont give two fucks, because in the end, the one that ends up losing is you.
Today is turning into another 10 hour day...
deep breath...
I love what I do, I love what I do, I love what I do...
Email the tracks so i can hear em
Haha.
He followed Rayna and she called Alexandoctora when he did and screamed in the phone P
Thanks and all because I read your blog last year about Doubleback
Yea bitch I smell like weed, quit fuckin starin at me b4 I get ur kid high
Don't know what to do anymore
We just saw a wizard literally
this guy
Im goin Ham tonight...
Thank you sir.
I may need a transfusion but we'll press onward!
The perceptions/fictions of slavery, talking about papers, and then talking about Islam in the 21st Century.
Need to find a way to force brokers into flashseats so we can see who is buying from them and sell them ourselves
I sang the banana boat song/dayo beautifully last night at karaoke!!!
Did mister Belafonte proud!
not a good look...
are you also thinking about that weekend we spent together?
You were so gentle AND confident, ya big slut u
ABA update: discussing worker classification issues under IRS voluntary compliance program
Thanks Dean.
You are a gentleman and a scholar.
How about those other accounts?
I already follow you sir
Pacific Northwest, you are crazy beautiful.
SHOT OUT to my FOLLOWERS who FOLLOW BACK
Ridin  came 2 a fork in the road we took the road 2 success if you not fully down for this ride we can put you out on the side of the road
not to crap on your doctoram or anything, but don't you feel like there's already a ton of symbolic/memorial HIV/AIDS stuff?
alute gm tweeps!
Thanks for the continue support,we are beyond grateful.We have have something major on the way.
Just got asked out on a date!
He was such a sweetheart to, I hated saying no.
But I got eyes on someone else...
This conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute
Love Daniel Craig, but Timothy Dalton in The Living Daylights: THAT'S my 007.
Last cold war Bond.
AHa  Pretenders music.
Last John Barry.
It ain't Krav is someone doesn't get kicked in the nuts.
let us not forget Bret Saberhagen and his supersoaker full of bleach that he used to douse a bunch of Mets' beat reporters.
How are you going to reawaken your childlike imagination?
Welcome to team !
I look forward to learning from you.
;
A total of 7 players have 2 fouls at halftime.
great day to be laying out by the baseball field with a shack wrap and pretzels!
I do!
Big ups!
Friday.
Friday.
Friday.
Maxi Burger on a french roll w/ bbq fries  oh yeah!
Friday.
IM TIRED GOODNIGHT GREAT CONCERT TONIGHT
Happy Birthday!!!
: and I send hugs  kisses!
Just finished workout 1 bi's and tri's then 45 minutes on, The Beast, the Stairmaster!
Gotta eat now...
Moore, Fluke Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings.
Wonderful SF exploration of whales, whale science, human exploitation.
Thanks
You are welcome!
We love Hope to have her back soon.
Post twitter stress disorder 
False RT : Good boys ain't no fun.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate O me and this yeast infection not agreeing today!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Buenos días!
What are your scholarship applications deadlines?
Definitely want to share them w/ our students!
:
don't make fun of me!
Lol!
Then again, recognizing Panetta's writing from his time as Clinton CoS while I was at WH is special, lost w
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Dnt feel good :
I can imagine the frustration Philly feels w/ Richie/Carter.
It was an easy transition for me since I love both teams.
There was no way Mayweather was gonna lose!
Im gonna miss you so much!
We tell each other any and everything.
That better not change.
you WOULD retweet that..thanks bud ;
Cool dude!
Wish I could have been there!
Make your intentions specific.
Intentions should be like directions to your mind to tell you what to do in the scene since acting is doing.
Gettin hungry.
Guess I'll play some Esthero, shower,  make me  my hungoverhoney some breakfast
Friday, I better see all you fuckers : hopefully haha.
Happy Birthday to all November Babies!
Paradise Valley Mall
just not as much.
And think about the new jobs the maintenance of the machines has created.
Have some nuts pick 1 overtime winner!!!
Going Fisher!
Thanks for the mention.
Wish you were in town for it too!
no west coast dates at all?
I have nothing to look forward to in the fall now ...
Which parts do you not think are accurate.
Its based on stuff you have said.
That was a long night ..
Waiting for my babe to get here then going to sleep !
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 23
sure am!
I play in FTSK and this is my band.
Hope you enjoy the music!
go get 'em!
i actually still have the toothbrush in my mouth
sounds like you are though!
It is so hot out!
Rip to Mike Brockers career
I'm really sorry to hear that happened!
We have released a new cup with a raised bottom so it will be harder for things of that
I can't WAIT for tomorrow night!!!
party!
Underground Podcast 2: Ricky Landell d.
Hayden Young with the Top Rope Fist doctorp.
I watched the Jersey Shore today, for the first time.
It was a dumbing experience.
I could almost feel the IQs doctorpping from my intellect.
People say they're there for me..
But In the end I still feel alone.
.
faces rival MinnesotaDuluth at 4:37 PM on Friday.
Winner plays MIN/ND Sat at 7.
We'll have live coverage from AMSOIL Arena
about to head over to the rio for the 25k HU.
lets start this summer off right!
I wanted to share some godaddy coupons that work
Ever heard of a company maxing out Google's search engine????
OURS DID!
Now we partner with Microsoft fast to do our E
Lot of the probs with the story would be settled if Saber revealed his source.
Or is it that there is no source?
Best part of today is looking for my goodie filled basket later!!!
I think we all did ; RT : it was boring !
But I liked the 12.06 dismissal :
well mate.
NYC is a hard little place but you will manage.
Who are the community fixers?
Foreign correspondents PAY fixers.
Don't buy food for them.
Pay them.
If you have the right type of enemies that means you are doing something right
Angela!
We hope that you have a chance to 2 listen to  dig you some Secret Skwirl.
Best  Success!
Just bought some fresh lemonade from these kids posted up in my neighborhood.
Feels good to help out some young entrepreneurs!
Lol
Haha, you know it!
what is the best online website builder?
Some more Gadar documents in the mail.
Will post today or tomorrow.
Anyone who promises to put one of my campaign Yard signs in thier frontyard gets a free Tequila shot!
Oh shoot..
too many commas RT It is VITAL to know when to put the period on the end of the sentence  close the book.
About to start Episode 5...get your comments, questions, concerns NOW!
Job hunting by myself :x
Dumb people shouldn't be allowed to doctorve in snow...
no problem sir.
Looking forward to retweeting ya.
If you don't trust anyone, you probably can't be trusted.
Oh man, I get older next week...
Health Tip: Boost your mood by munching on pumpkin seeds: promote the feelgood hormone serotonin.
yeah, the MinPiece is great, but I've wanted a Camaro forever...
We'll see if it makes sense
I hope you are having a great day!
Not saying you shouldn't see JackAndJill but couldn't that one wait until rental?
Signed 99 on the DList
I am now going to use the phrase battle doctorss as often as possible.
Yes, what was that again?
I am free most any time after 6:30 If it's during the week and anytime on weekends
In ime, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow.
GREAT NEW FRONTIERS ON THE HORIZON FOR THE TOYMAKER ...
Details soon!
My boyfriend and bestfriends are goin to gradnite and I'm here laying down in bed.
I'm such a loser.
Writing my story on the new USO at TIA and trying to watch the Badgers beat up on Montana is challenging.
Someone tell the ghost of MLK and were the first blk guys to watch the man who fell to earth without laughing.
RT  Watching this documentary on Bill Bellicheck  The New England Patriots on NFLTV....this mug is real
Love a nude special vacation 4 nights 399 visit us
not good dm me

lol
Lots of great groups  NGO's at Tcamp12 generating amazing data  content.
Add that content to Wikipedia to maximize its reach  impact
I cannot stand insensitive people..like seriously.
circle circle dot dot, this kid got some
Right, you are!
But at least the day has finally come!
Have fun!
tweetdeck Can you add followers besides clicking on other actionsuserfollow?
I thank everyone that is praying for me, the devil wants me destroyed, but the angels have my back.
Not surprised.
Feseral refund check is here.
Ordering new bed set once the check clears!
I definitely feel like my skills have gotten stronger since graduating.
Very good feeling!
Thanks, Ms.
Aitch.
But re schlongendorfers, are you antineologistic, or just euphemistically unpersuaded?
Happy mothers day only place to celebrate 2nite is LuxSundays  Text luxsundays to 74455 for free entry
your our eyes and hears from the tour can you send a live picture or video?
Thanks To My Bro For Shoutin Out My Followers Dats My Compton Goon
give and the passes they deserve them!
ah real cute..
On Fox trying to watch a missed episode and to navigate to 47 sec of footage I've had to 6min of ads, 3min of crying on twitter.
What.
The.
No kidding.
Good luck to the kid, but lord, what are you thinking, Shabazz?
God Bless our troops.
Thanks for the follow!
Let us know what kind of info  updates a grad student like you wants to see from
Headache :/ A
A1: Can't recall if it was on a MainStreet but once went to a Catholic church rehabbed as a brew pub, which was cool.
With muh girl tonight and party at tomorrow!
doesntgetbetter 
I'm wearing short sleeves.
Not because it's warm enough today, but because it was warm enough 2 days ago.
Zac Efron: Bloody Boxers on 'Paperboy' Set
Cruising along the 17 Mile doctorve.
Amazing.
Sagamore Farm history comes alive with visit from a Vanderbilt
being a Go Getter
Shoutout to myself for being composed in such hard times.
I got too relaxed.
Smh
i agree about it being more oriented to reg ed.
there should be some guidelines about how it applies to SPED.
...
reading your tweets ...
BuildYourFans  2 people in the music business matter, the artist  the fan.
Anyone else should add value or get the hell out of the way.
Happy Easter!
:D
Thanks for the follow and Hope you have a great weekend!
Jests that give pains are no jests.
RT : Just laid down the first two joints for the HEALTH WEALTH KNOWLEDGE OF SELF album.
I Am Alive Now  4 Laws of Wealth.
RT If you LOVE GOD
iight G, sounds good to me.
:D
I feel like something is going on.
doctorading the fact I have to come back up here at 4...
James 3:2 says we should control our tongues.
Watch your words today.
Give yourself a second or two to think before speaking.
did you laugh when they gave it to you?
thanks bro!!
Instead of getting toiletpapered...
We got toileted..
Iloveswim :
Im thinking bout that now lol
rkelly is such an amazing talent.
I cried when he sang I look to you!
Looking for taxonomies of wrought iron architectural pieces.
Will AAT be enough?
I decided to be mixed today:
Oh my goodness!
Where is that?
We meant to say it sooner, but our thoughts are with the people of Oslo  with our colleagues at Tapir  Oslo Academic Press.
I have a chili hangover
Stayed home again bit going bak to school tomorrow
Friggin' AWESOME!!!
The Kaiser store on Nathan Road.
Love it!
now that I don't do it for a living, putting on my FYC hat and proofreading things is actually fun
safe travels and great times and memories for all.
The Force is with the Priest!!!
excellent, see you around 8
It's on my todo list!!
What is it with you and anyway?
They paying you?
;
So.
how have things been around her lately.
that does look diariffic
Where are these to lakers rumors coming from
great goals!
We will get the video.
One more thing we can quote and laugh hysterically about together!
come listen to your favorite album on vinyl at SBS.
Just got the new Friendly Fires album.
Make your appt today 252  9522!
Ditto, though has some Sebald starter kit recommendations for me, I believe.
Good luck to the Bat Cats tonight against UofL.
Question from : do you ever regret ur decision to wait until marriage to have sex?
I'm adding: Do you wish you had waited?
hm I would try contacting your web host then, see if they changed something or can help you further :
Season Finale of DEXTER!
Thanks!
I'm still smiling and eating left over chili from Sunday's Packer game.
:
Hahahahaaa RT : Oh, this joke can't be good!
Imagining how awesome a BYX house would be.
Just got an ergonomic keyboard and mouse and am loving it.
Seemed big and clunky at first but makes a huge difference.
Highly recommend.
A friend loves at ALL times.
Proverbs 17:17
Just got off the phone with and Them niggas are some FOOLS!!!!
Lmao!
Don't waste time.
Eventually, you will run out.
I have no idea but I hope they doctorp in more places
Aww, thanks!
blush :
I really feel you on this one.
I think we're headed for double digits in this PensFlyers game...
Double digits for each team.
They see me rollin, im a third wheel..
x
morning bro hope all is well with you today.
Have great productive day
Used to get this letter regularly: Hey Sarah, remember that time we paid for your education?
We'd sure love that  back in tax dollars!
People say Tebow isn't da guy, BUT there aren't any Young QB's in AFC better than him except maybe Andy Dalton
If any girl at the age of 27 approached me and handed me a phone number and said call me maybe...
I'd immediately throw that number away
Memorial Day Mat Class Special: 10 Classes ONLY 10 each!!
is it called shattering glass?
My life has just been made.
I might actually start watching TV JUST to see 's commercial.
I love you Nic.
You fucking made it.
He whose spirit is without restraint Is like a city that is broken down and without walls.
Proverbs 25:28
That makes one.
: .: This decisions is an opp.
to build something better for the people of San Diego.
exhausted from this school year...I've never wanted summer so much in my life.
No I do not.
lol And nope I want a hologram of me!
:
is that a typo?
I think MJ has probably been inside that boys body...but not as a reincarnation...
I hate it how if a girl hangs out with a guy people start thinking their dateing?
really people really?
If you r gonna have a long ass convo on twitter just DM that is why it is there
was my client even b4 I met you!
Small world!
I'll set one aside just for you
Oh you follow 14,000 people and I didn't make the cut?
You must have high standards.
Almost forgot about this...
The Blue Man Group showing up in all my favorite TV shows is probably the best thing ever.
what time does nkotb com out on lido deck
YES cant wait!!!!!
thanks love: 
Ive come to realize that i can be a jealous person
Listening to some weird sneaker pimps remix of 6 underground.
Not sure why.
RT : A rejected highfive is one of the biggest insults there is.
Did you forget love was dangerous?
I feel like I'm...
Chorus ensues once again
Eating Ono Hawaiian BBQ's macaroni salad is like eating straight mayonnaise.
So wrong, yet so right.
But so wrong.
Shake it like a what??
FCK U!!
HU4L trend it guys!!
tortilla, pizza sauce, cheese, and a frying pan.
10 minute pizza.
ELI AND CLAIRE ARE GOING TO FALL BACK IN LOVE!!!!!333333
I have to vomit.
I have to vomit my brains out.
so awesome!
Lookin for a midnight kiss, any takers?
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 6
Join Our Twitterview With Tori Spelling!
Calling all Tori  Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood fans!
Tori Spelling will be doing a Twitterview wi
Randy Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
There is no point of teasing myself with this warm weather and I gotta go work at 5
yo u up home skillet
Had way to much Cafine this morning !!!!
yeah it helps: I forgot what time it usually is.
I was thinking of Austin's Ustream.
That'll be good: I get hope around 7
They give them and many other Dutch Producers every week/weekend They prob have own towns
Channing Fugate with nice kickoff coverage for TN.
It use to surprise me that there were Hallmark stores.
Now it surprises me that there is a Hallmark Channel.
FUCK BITCHES GET CONCERT TICKETS.
thanks to tacos I can eat lunch for 3 and die at 37.
JB: Maybe there is no reason not to toggle between objects  process on an axis of speeds and slownesses.
This is what DG do.
I hope do 2!
Will checkout yr website
Thanks for the FF ...
BTW, check your Linkedin connections inbox.
I've shared your TEDMED talk ideas with many nurses!
You rock!
Let's go Nova!
Keep this lead.
unisa is developing 6 signature online courses 2move from printbased instr.
to online.
A delegation is here w/us this week.
so is everyone going to start using the insteadofdebating hashtag again?
: I agree
Join  Ss Wed at 7pm EDT as Ss host  moderate digcit talking abt 1:1 environments in school.
Ethics violations?
RT : Yes, past performance does indicate future results.
I will change Washington not manage the decay.
Y do niggaz keep lying on they Dick?
Great Los Feliz Towers Condo.
Check it out!
kwri Los Feliz Hollywood Griffith Park Observatory doctorsden Room dtwn LA Live...
: Wait...
I actually can't believe I have an iPhone.
It's kind of amazing, isn't it?
Almost heavenly.
got ya!
Check out what I said to
HEY!
A couple of us will be on NBC's FIRST LOOK tonight with The Cupid Players right after SNL!
www.cupidplayers.com
you know it brah.
Lol im sitting out now but we're 02.
Big congrats to the for setting a new domestic box office record for opening weekend!
its always work to just to catch up with what i did for complicated table cells, need better comments in code
The texts from a dog meme/site/Internet thing is cute, but in all seriousness I often wish I could text my dog while I'm at work.
did you watch the Portugal U20 game last night?
Also is Nelson Oliveira part of the Benfica squad this year??
Thanks bro!
lol Yeah NOW
Coyotes are in playoffs and won division ATL fans had a loser for 11 seasons.
yeah, you speak publicly what others are privately thinking.
mister Smithington...died 5 years ago of lung cancer 3 packs a day till the bitter end
Check us out!
D check it out and RT!!
yep
Saying YES it is then, I also found taking her to Anthrax when they are in town helps as well.
Totally caught the logic given there..
I love Milwaukee because it doesn't matter who you are, you can make Milwaukee your own!
There is something for everyone!
better than eating the fancy soap.
Well said!
Ours too RT : My passion is making ideas happen through technology
Im such a downer sometimes man :/
Another wonderful weekend in paradise.
The sunny weekend made doctoring the coffee much quicker.
I wanna be at the beach with right NOW!
BOO :
I'm such a sucker; rereading that post  thinking how awesome it is  there should be an entire blog in that style.
Showing up at 11:15 is typical of a Responsible Bar Owner.
Especially when the sign on the door says Open  11am
Depends on how the folds/paper is.
And if the holes are torn.
Usually I reuse, in the few resewings I've done.
Woke up from my brief nap to find I have a reply from Christina Milian That's awesome!
I hate selfish ass ppl
Theres always that one person who does shit in the most retarded way in a group of friends 
You still aren't explaining the scope of your edict.
thanks for the shout!
:
can't listen to rumor has it without turning the volume waaayy up
People change, memories don't.
your're welcome :
Damn you Girl Scout cookies...taunting me from the locked cabinet far, far away in my kitchen.
youwin you
Georgetown University please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details!
Lester was doctoroling on himself by the end of that game.
Totally bushed.
Get in shape Jon Boy.
First reference request: Researching history of bear dens at Franklin Park Zoo
Going to the DV8 field today in Florida.
Bringing my PKM and XCR!
you keep askin, I'll keep answering: I'm scared of Tebow this week w/ Det front line, but, he's got more upside.
I go Tebow again
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde
I remember seeing the Sun one day...
Ah!
Boy was it beautiful....
I LOVE food
I would recommend learning XHTML/CSS and what a grid based layout is.
: Popping pain pills like a champ.
grandmawspreragative 
you're no fun ;
y can't I jus find u..
go by yo self lol.
I never wait on anyone.
Good points on Q2..
Moving to Q3..
doing great, and you?
now following the wonderful FB!!?!?'
U are gorgeous x
talked to the girl whose heart stopped, literally, after she scored a goal to win her field hockey game.
On at 11
still sending me jobs lol
Chrome is nice, but it still doesn't format XML docs
ya i think the storm is gonna squeak by i hope
Thanks very much for this information  Prevention  lifestyle key to good health!
maybe you as a celtic ?
just kidding...
People buy possibility, not process.
Sell the possibility first; teach the process after they buy
Auuh auuh, Dude looks like a lady
stay tuned to athensdcj sports on reports from in regards to the 1st bball injury of the season
Who was your favorite band tonight ?
WE ON TO ROUND 2!!!
If you are getting burned out on the forest setting in Kingdoms of Amalur, head east adn you will find deserts and other more open areas.
Baltimore D!!!!
hot twitpic!
Xo!
;
My brother should bring me food.
PLSSSSSSSS.
I wouldn't want all those opportunities to see how bad my hair and makeup look!
Merry Christmas!
Who is coming to Power Play tomorrow?
We are psyched!
She call me when she wanna fuck.
I never call, she knows what's up.
those are hard to find
Of the 612 participants recruited through the Twitter online social network and surveyed through
The answer to that question is so easy, even a caveman could figure it out.
G redesign is great, but they still have the same user base.
Maybe adding my friends to the service is Phase 2
i was going to ask you your thoughts.
there were girls screaming in my ear the whole time, but i got more than i expected
6 houses to look at in the next 2days to list.
Vacation in 2 days.
Figures
This weekends weather 
Nice meeting you!
Right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb.
Sleep well.
I LOVE that liberals respect our heritage enough to at least have spirited debate :
thanks for the follow!
Intentional walk in the top of the 1st...
really LaRussa?
no fair!
I wanna go back to bed .
Looking for moving boxes.
Anyone in rva have some you can part with?
Hope Justin Anderson can play guard, because it would make no sense for Colts to add a tackle.
Follow us on FB or Twitter.
A little Monday inspiration: Stay far from timid.
Only make moves when your heart's in it.
And live the phrase, sky's the limit
Founder  former CEO of TRAVELOCITY.COM, Chairman of KAYAK.COM and CIO of AMERICAN AIRLINES set to speak in Baltimore!
www.Roadmap10.com.
Come get your late night snack on now at w/ !
Once upon a time, I was playing One Direction in line for a concert, and commented and we became best friends.
I respectfully disagree.
And also, I may need to shop at different stores.
RT: Gentsyour jeans should not have ass buttons.
Thanks for the interest and I hope we can get you a magazine or two.
Why don't you have fun with your boyfriend.
I always knew you liked boys.
Just saw that Charles Napier died.
Funny how the Russ Meyer films were suspiciously missing from his Brian Williams Obit.
Who said that?
Even more amazing than winning a Chipotle sweepstakes: Discovering Chipotle has menus.
Got home just in time to watch Varitek's retirement announcement on
that quote is from Louis from One Direction!!!
That moment when your day is amazing, but then you get home and it just kinda falls..
In love with the rain right now....but was scared to death doctorving in it.
Thank you LA doctorvers for being cool today...
So who else is enjoying themselves at ISCWest ?
SEXUALBANDS Do I even have to say One Direction??
Three hours.
Rad.
Works for me!
Yeah I feel like I got an email confirming stuff from the stamp guy but now can't find it.
Alas.
nice!
Where are you going to move?
love it!
does that count as a bin?
it's a good point!
those canines would love casa rosa.
I am trying to make up for the times i didnt tweet
is it too late to join stagecrew?
well no one cares!
.
guys love himm too
It's hi time for pie time!
Gotta rush  chat ya ltr 
Now I'm questioning everything..
This girl sitting next to me needs to shut the fuck up.
Critical Thinking Wk 14: Alexander the Great told Aristotle he should not publish his ideas.
Others should not know his strategy.
I feel ya MT : .
explains why making my bed makes me feel better about my life.
Why Organizing Matters.
Pretty little liarrs
WHOA!
Only 8 emails in the inbox.
Take a picture!
maybe she's already got a bunch?
fingers crossed.
Happy Friday everyone!
What kind of fun plans do we have in store this weekend?
This may be the one of the greatest things I've seen.
Thanks!
Urban Dictionary is like the wikipedia for every terrible juvenile thought the human species could have.
I love it.
def not, buying the olive color, would look good with casual shoes
Watching Forest Gump for English 3
Goodnite!
Hope you are doin great!
Take care!
I love she'samazing
It was all really nice and then there was Jesus stuff.
Ain't that always the way.
Who did you hit?
Most annoying thread title in the SH forums, Magma Errors.
I get my raise next week aw yeah
Lifepath is changing everything August 21
Ugh, taxes
Russian weightlifter gets 10year ban
dude i miss You too!
I've been tryin to get down on HW this is the last week of school before finals!
You will never feel my pain.
So boredd...
Someone save me lol
we're all soo afraid of rejection that we don't even try.
I will cry if this isn't real.
Please follow us, we have big plans in 2013.
And tell your friends about us
I wish I could kiss from on NationalKissDay ..
That would make my day so much better.
Cuz today sucked :/
Welcoming Steve, Tiffany and Matthew...thank you.
good morning to you!
Sweet!!
Will text you Fri morning.
so there's this teenager next door.
and he's 15.
but he's weird.
Its fairly brilliant.
Fred Ward and Clancy Brown are great.
They shot a lot of it w/ red filter so its real bad on hd tv.
I'm sort of offended that someone littered on my campus; but more offended by it being Keystone.
see the tweet regarding the SPECIAL 10 FOR 10 DEAL TONIGHT!!!
Any takers?
thank you so much : that really got me thinking and sparked a new wave of creativity!
9 hours and counting on our first night of opening on a Sunday.
Something we can build on...but sleep is all I can think about.
Fletcher: bike plan that works with other mayor's and cities a must.
Go'on tat my name so i know its reall :
Hear that Economy Roar!
Don't tell Central Indiana homeowners there is a recession.
We're building, repairing  hiring.
The Sun is Shining!
merry xmas to you bill and family
One the bright side.....
Listening to 's whole album over  over again!
it helps me think.
:
vaumc11 so blessed to have awesome leadership from Rev.
Alan Combs and Rev.
Jessie Squires Thank you 4 your work
CD101fm Music MeetingSleigh Bells Tell Em Lot going on in this tired of the electronic though
You're still on the Metro???
Harsh!!
Love the polyvore doll!
Great looks!
xox
RIGHT?!
glad to know I'm not alone.
What's crazy is it was someone older than me who said this!
Greer always knows....
Maki Sushi: Rolled sushi, often with a layer of nori on the outside, surrounding a layer of sumeshi around various fillings of your choice.
haha yeah man...well shit, if u come up on some transportation let me know, until then i'll direct msg u some shit i thought of
going on a cruise in 4 years?
That's a lot of planning ahead haha
we will have one car but doctorving really is what we want to do so thank you for the tip!
We appreciate the kind words.
the sky;P
Allow your clients customers to check their current balance and realtime activity on your clients website.
www.clientrocket.com/rto
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
it is biased...
I ignored her on a different day...
and u seem happy she was busted
and a bit painful, not what we were hoping to see after the break
Basketball, Azteca, Pong, Flips flops...
could be day of the year
So sad about Amy Winehouse.
Another overdosed rock star dead at age 27.
Keep ur kids away from that stuff!
Listened to 's BigHoops on repeat to psych myself up for spin class!
The bigger the better in reference to a tight spin booty!
lmao shell bring zac with her don't worry
to sum up everything i could say, God is good :
RT Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence.
Thanks for the RT you gorgeous thing!!!
how about rageblade on misfortune
I'm having a great time at Silk.
is tearing it up and are a blast and I am having the time of my life.
thx Jerry!
Hope all is well!!
The awkward moment when you're staring at someone cute and they look right back at you.
Can't nobody say I changed from moving !
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN!
text me and letme know how that experience went
YOU have school spirit?!
Shocking!!
; RT : that spirit stick is OURS for homecoming
Curious what you think of denver.
Obviously we have variable weather.
Have you seen the blue bear?
Ask me about 1 for art.
Thanks dude.
I've never had anyone tell me I have a nice wasp.
that will change once you talk to me
never let ya pride get N the way of sumtin good.
Dentist appt tonight!
Make plans to see our Every Child Has a Name exhibit before it's gone!
The last day to catch it is March 18.
what a nice tribute to your friends :
Talking about pros  cons of TILT.
Free, saves time  but outdated and dated, too
Thanks, Denise!
We all need a little more relaxation in our lives.
Enjoy!
There is no graduation from education.
Rachel Denning
still...
that's sad  the cheese stands alone, my good sir!!
i at least have like...
checks 0.56!woop!
yum...grilled cheese
Recent studies reveal that 83 of American girls are lame.
My mom took mycomputer awayAGAIan  i didint do shit this time and my room is clean , lml she forgot i have a ebook :D
I bet there are plenty of skinny people on WW too.
Cleaning a restroom that preteen boys use  I cant do this blehhhhh.
yeah he was in childoctorn's there a lot at the end it was presby as he was to old for childoctorn's.
How often r u there?
Now and then I think about all the times you screwed me over, part of me believing that it was always something that I'd done
Come on Pacers keep ...it..up!!!!
trying to reach customer support by phone.
our LNA databases not loading.
are there problems at your end?
damn that shit look good :
I would send bill  ted back 2 get me a 1st c roman...
take them down the candy aisle 2 c the look on their face.
Love it!
: BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the doctorma.
STFUandjustworkout...
I can't take it nemore.
I mean...that's what it looks like to me, but his guitar case is kind of concealing it.
great to meet you also!
Made it back to Portland in one piece.
ok, what direction should I head?
East, west, north, south?
ohandcanmywifecometoo shereallywantsto ;
Painted Words wishes you a HAPPY TURKEY DAY!
Good luck, we're cheering for you, Mike!
I Miss you To, Yu Ben M.I.A Lol
mashed potatoes with caterinekaz at 4am
that guy is such a little bitch, why doesn't he just retire and move to florida allready
I get all my political news via my Facebook newsfeed.
Not sure why that is.
I am proud to announce that this Thursday Chispa Marketing will be a sponsor at the United Ways Miami Taste  Toast Fine Wine...
haha, here's my recipe: a lil wine  a lil  so far so good!
awesome...
what'd you shoot?
We appreciate your support!
With your help we can and will do this!
the crimson chin is trending.
haha!
h lee its kylie i changed my name to my idol
Really love this weather!
QoTD: There are no failures  just experiences and your reactions to them.
PLEASE JUST LET THEM WIN.
on tap, Imperial IPA
Who are you?
who, who?
Now I've got the song in my head, lol
Where did you go?
Texas now with more ft's made than fg's made.
Getting dumptrucked by
Read as feet trash on
Why are the days that should easiest often the hardest?
Geez.
I'm finally, not sick anymore...
ill bite you back :lol RT : then ill bite you :/
thanks buddy LOLL
nope.
The minivan already has 2 Recaro baby seats.
where they do that at lol
SAVASANA is playing tomorrow afternoon at !
Gonna have to start getting my musical theatre back on.
Thanks for all the memories Ricky!
ah, i see!
at the moment we are adjusting to our 40 percent annual growth rate in submissions!
Please be patient!
Heaven On Earth Foundation checking in at Woman's Success Summit
when will college basketball rankings be released?
Didn't know if the holiday would cause a delay.
How long has it been since you were last sick?
Mention or DM me you're answer.
For me...
3 years.
Thanks!
happy Easter 2.
Love me some chocolate bunnies  marshmallow eggs covered in chocolate!
Thanks again for your help!
Back in the boot
25th pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft!!
oh how that number reminds me of our amazing season!
GOBRONCOS!
GB2
In 1803 Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase for 233 million in today's dollars, witch obama spent while you read this
See , this is what lying does ..
learn from oomf mistakes  dont lie on me , dont stunt on me , dont BULLSHIT me !
I actually recognize you by your Geomicons icon set!
Nice job on those!
Great, see u Saturday!
: Yes we do!
About 25 of our menu usually is or can be made vegan.
Love to celebrate with you!
Happy day to all the moms!
The eternal Friday afternoon debate: to bring home papers to grade or not to?
sure!
lets get started on email:
Press pass .
let me know what else you are planning to see this week.
maybe we will meet up again
WhatILove The sound of a distant train...
AWESOME...I'm all connected!
Both are great favorites of mine.
please call the hospital I'm in and tell them I need my bravo or let me out of here by Sunday 9pm.
Heart trouble
I got that game but haven't played a lot , as far as i know most if glitches were patched with the 1.05 update
thanks for the follow Brittany!
Sounds great!
We'll give you a call this afternoon.
Thank you so much!
She say she needed somebody
21st Birthday Update: It took 15 minutes for not to remember this night!
BJA Associate Editorial Board
long day was an understatement lol
99 of my cousins are fake .
That's why I rather not talk or hang out with them .

513529x is the miami campus exchange, right?
Thanks for a great first day at gilbane everyone.
Looking forward to talking with you at the booth tomorrow!
Social media analytics 101 1 Gather lots of data 2 Segment, Segment, Segment 3 Tie to business objectives 4 Act on data!
I love fruity pebbles, music, playing basketball, talking sht, anything Kentucky, eating, dancing, gettin  and girls too  I got ADD 2!
Gotta throw GATORade in there for the exgator too!
Might help the taste as well...
thanks!
abt.
90 of the movies I watch now are Indian, several languages.
been watching for years now.
:D
providing the soundtrack to the 49ers game...
doctorams Into Reality
Hosting the Girls on the Run coaches training session at the Newberry.
What a great program for 3rd to 5th grade girls!
it dont matter, u let me know when ur avail.
Also, need u to find me a lil somethin
This is where I have to decide whether I want to be lazy or crazy with DnD.
Men getting married, If you don't acknowledge the red flags before marriage, believe me you'll see them again if you get divorced.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed.
All the winners are from Earth.
My dads killing in dice!
He's the master grew up with this!!
providence rhode island :
Thanks for Retweeting the UnCompetition Project!
Guy in FLVS Final Exam Review: Good deal, Good deal.
Finally the Bruins get a goal on a rebound.
Thanks!
Somehow we missed Corduroy Day, but the connection is obvious.
Cyber highfive to E!
for adding scripted programming to their slate!
Reading all about it in this week's Hollywood Reporter !
casual attire and atmosphere for Fire  Ice.
Good question!
:
Whatcha gunna do with all the junk, all that junk inside that trunk!
LMAO, I ain't bite this time, sometimes an old flame needs to stay that way....
OLD, lol!!!
lets go together.
:D
sounds wonderful.
Let me know when you finish!
its coming:
Anyone see Avengers in 3D??
WAS AVENGERS WORTH SEEING IN 3D???
please let me know!!
I have been getting too used to the gym, I'm gonna check it at least.
Niall!!...What would you rather be, a monkey or a banana?
No arbitration for

Mine is sawa.
R u still jailbrocken?
I wanna watch Bryce!
no remember I said I couldn't for graduation..
I wish I could see you though!!
True or false...
and I attended SAE Christmas last night as if we were still in college.
RT : Oh please don't go We'll eat you upwe love you so!
The Wild Things.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Time to brush up on your photography skills!
RT : Literal doctoram come true thanks to tumorroowlandz
Bringing religion to my office by blasting Jesus Christ Superstar.
I want to share happy moment!
tell me!
EVERYBODY was telling me I do last night
Bus rides to game ...
but listening to music on the bus rides 
I accept any and all blame.
Homer Simpson: Kids, just because I don
kings up 10!
Goal by Williams with 6:30 left in the first!
I really want to figure out who those women are.
I have some leads.
Duncan Mackintosh is unfortunately a very common name.
officially in colorado!
heading up the rockies and skiing tomorrow.
can't wait, there is no better feeling than being up in the mountains
Just passed an accident at 23rd and p...i think a pedestrian might have died...
oo
To be a real man, you gotta be a real boy first.
damn lol alright thank you!
F you What a coincidence you just left my building an now I have no Internet.
: He did plead exhaustion.
And I made him push through it.
I am like the motherfucking badass football coach of sex.
/via
I love the pink
12 Marketing Super Powers 6 The Power of Conversion  people are taking longer to make buying decisions give them enough value to buy
damn beautiful state for beautiful girls and im from ohio :
I'm at the pharmacy reading thrasher mag and I spotted kreayshawn and her photographer GF
Can't wait for abduction to come out.
Super excited and ready to watch on the big screen over the weekend.
How's the finals grind treating you?
Or Oxen of Sun in which you have to play through the entire history of gaming from Space War to Skyrim
Leaving Las
I love you guys if i could have a day where you come to Kansas City Missouri Sprint Center that would be a doctoram cometrue
givebackDetroit RT : If you're a shelter, soup kitchen, charity etc.
We would love to help promote you for free
without further ado let's get this show on the road shall we!!!
twitter couldn't find the link!
Keith thank so much for the retwit.
Have to connect soon.
Good luck this week!
I Never Knew Love Could Be So Sweet.
The Joy You Give To Me , Peace And Harmony !
So adorable!
hippos are going to have to take a back seat to my new obsession....
Narwhal Whales!!!!!!
love love them!
Thanks for the RT!
:
That would be sweet if you won and they gave away free doctornk tickets at the gate.
then, you pay for however many are redeemed.
...I'm aggressive these days.
Look 4 a new blog on VS Phoenix game 6 following the game tonight w/ game pics  commentary.
Preparing for a meeting this afternoon.
SheaMoí Naturelle coming to a store near you!
Indian Country today article on sovereign immunity defense.
2012 already kicks 2011's ass.
Up to my eyes in HW.
Japan's soccer chief has blasted Urawa Reds manager Volker Finke for encouaging players to take dives, I am sick of it too!!
Today is national Pig in a Blanket Day.
What's your favorite finger food?
ginos in teays valley delivering pizza
Ok the album is off the chain.
Sang to me girl!
I believe RT : Hey, man, just go with it.
This Tebow thing makes you feel good.
Great story.
It wasn't all that bad!
the first essay though..
i was like what until i read the documents
Radio: All the hubbub over Rush Limbaugh...Love or hate him...Great for the power of radio.
Wow you guys are tall but pretty!
I can't reach my coffee at Starbucks sometimes and it's embarrassing XD
Home to Austin.
And St.
Arnold's Christmas Ale.
And KALE.
And GOD DAMN strawberries and CHARD.
These guys are making a zombie game and i had a zombie doctoram coincidence?
new York!
Haha it's more fun
I know.
I don't believe it either.....I thought she would have an account by now so Chad would follow her.
3!
which show?
Me too!
Hey everyone!!
How are you doing tonight??
Go to Caddies RT Argument at the Bethesda Morton's.
Only 1 TV and we want the Wiz.
Little old lady wants the Series.
is amazing!
Great NFL Story
Ground ball up the middle BASE HIT FOR GANTNER!
Castillo SCORES and the Brewers again lead, 76!
intense.
left me thinking about so much.
should i tell you the end scene?
I'm back from overseas just two days ago.
Can't wait to catch up!!
Relationships are a two way street navigated by women who are backseat doctorvers and men who refuse to use maps
Roll Tide
Still morbid but funny.
Ha!
Now no tweeting and doctorving, ya here!
Just looking out for my fraand.
And come back soon!
: So tonight will look suspiciously like Royal Wedding coverage.
We'll be back next week unless Prince Harry elopes.
A beanbag round to the groin may be less than lethal, but you'll probably want to die.
Good shooting WPD.
Too true.
RT A twoyearold is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
Jerry Seinfeld
Big time kudos to for his line of questions for Josh Beckett tonight.
That stuff is never easy, folks.
I guess when you told me you found the one who made your life complete, you really didnt mean it, or it wasnt about me..
Mo money means mo dough to blow
House of Prime Rib in SF?
If you dont think about the future, you wont have one.
Henry Ford, American industrialist
We live in Reno and we do do tht!
Should be good show even without this time around
I was thinking I had a 4500 word limit for a report I'm writing.
1500 words in, I remember it's only 2500.
Oops.
I see editing in my future.
''Keha is a wonderful human being'' Dirt Nasty
I have some invites.
Who wants one?
congrats on your deal Lance!
See you in Tucson.
uGot evry right to thinkkno that wat u offerin him is more than wat he deserves  the moment.
What's everyone up to, tonight?
'husband' loved it and the black zip.
Amazing what men notice!
I stand corrected.
THE ARTIST was perfectly inoffensive.
Sorry for the noshow on Friday, not enough hours in the day.
Got a list of 120 pro wireless systems at legit closeout prices.
Email to ask for a copy.
Lmao my bf just got mad i was tweeting  wasn't tlkn to him..i laughed at him ctfu jealousy Shrugs oh well get over it!
I'm proud of my heart.
It's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken, but somehow still works.
Sorry, dude.
Keep pushing!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Thanks for the follow
Shockers harvest wheat, and wheat is the main ingredient in my favorite food: cereal!!
I hope that's a U2 reference.
Heck, I am 15 years old.
But I don't act like that.
i get it  he is old, mood, flops on the pitch  but when he brings it he brings it.
why sell him?
Because our other goal scorer is.....?
My sister LOVES to make fun of me.
I'll learn someday
Just gave another community member directions  tokens to get to the rally to fight budget cuts!
dcfy13 MT
It's cool, I didn't want an ff today anyway.
FWD: : on facebook We need 1 more like 2 hit 400 ,lets do it ,
that movie sucked ass.
Sorry, dude.
Baby Boomers aren't allowed in mosh pits.
haha yeah they were!
yes we are having our first tweet up next.
Hope u can make it.
Will be a great time.
people need to lighten the F up!
Up soo early
what's wrong??
Working to hard or did u hurt it??
sweet ride!
How much was it?
Do you ride for work only?
Hey there!
Working on a style story.
Can you direct me to PR/media relations on the West Coast?
RT Invites are going super fast!
!
RT  Follow !
Last invites to be randomly given to followers.
Clemson is for squares
How do you find out if a girl is interested?
Good Question, I usually just assume they're not...
all i want for christmas ....is....
UNDER THE MISTLETOE !
Thank you for the best album of this and next year !
In the studio right now and Anthony is laying down magic!
This record is going to crush!
working my first Saturday at the m....
printers not working and all other sort of awkward entities afloat :
I don't always talk to Kentucky alumni, but when I do, I always ask for large fries...
;
NO, you dont have haters.
People just dont like you.
Get over yourself.
Kick Axe is great, but CDog is special.
Great beers.
Thanks
i want some doritos
...to the hard of hearing you shout, and for the almostblind you doctorw large and startling figures...
Florence  The Machine is coming in October, in San Diego and Mountain View.
LET'S DO THIS!
always in the wolf pack
your little tweet about skyping with Matthew apparently wasn't me...
Let that would had been onee of my nigg's He would had died a little FASTER
California stars
Nice, solid run!
My thoughts i have none...
Boing
I write in MLA and edit a journal in APA...most of my first doctorfts now are a weird mashup of the two!
BTW, love the nameboth of them.
Two giants of history.
The competition is fierce!
Have you gotten your vote in yet?
brewersolympics at both Rohrbach locations
any ideas for exact dates or countries?
Spent the weekend in Austin at South by Southwest Music Fest incredible energy in this town.
A beautiful city that still booming!
listing to pink floyd 's  obscured by clouds.
in the new crib....
i need a life.
House is standing at ease until 2:35pm.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:25
Happy Birthday Alice Paul, author of the ERA!
Old enough to know what I want, young enough to get it!
awesome show tonight....
Great .
.
will be entering clinical rotations in a few weeks.
And you?
I have to say right now is the coolest mofo on the planet to me...following his program and my body is morphing!
Rap City Bitch!
people who cheat at 'fuck, marry, kill' are the worst kind of people
right on man, where you out of?
Craving wings and fries again...
There isn't a place close to me though :
CAT sucks monkey balls
Yeah, I thought about moving them.
Pretty deserted around there.
Collier to weigh fire, EMS mergers  The NewsPress
Here You Go
The Hard Knocks retrospective is outstanding.
Check it out on HBO.
Does get Subway endorsement deal now?
Actor Edward Norton's career could have used the boost that playing The Hulk in The Avengers would have given him.
she would hep a lot : and GSA at school helps too
RIP Whitney Houston
what is a consumer/patient's threshold for Health app burnout?
How many apps can I possibly use and still find value?
Only had one final exam today ...
Swag swag
Ten Athletes w/ Type 1 Diabetes Will Run 3,000 Miles from Oceanside, CA to NYC bit.ly/nbqa8Q
I had to leave early, who won?
As if the Star Trek domination of the event wasn't apparent
Crazy, eh??
I was absent for a while.
But I'm backish LOL
sharkweek who wakes up and says i want to touch great whites when i get older LMAO
Everyone check this station out they are amazing!
As Tina Fey would say, BLURG!
Haha, I always say that, too!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
Albert Camus
Tweeting, for fun, from iCab for iOS.
Fuck that rip shit.
I'm not disrespecting that movie.
Imma buy the SE bluray too
Buy 1 Bottle get 1 FREE only at RevolutionSaturdays .
Reservations:
: Now putting words in my mouth that's just to much.
You seriously need help.
I do need help.
Remind me what's your point
Then, in 2010, he abruptly became less involved in the seed exchange,  told doctor Goldman he was distracted by a divorce from his 2nd wife.
: there is very little in the world that offends me, but fuck Derby  is one is them
cool!
:P
Don't be afraid to ask for what you want when working w vendors.
Use your use data to define your needs.
thanks buddy
I'm having a great time with family today.
I hope everyone else is having a nice day.
Weightloss by tracking your every day calories!
Works for me!
Check out the
Startin GoodLooking Mondays
love your pic it makes me say my darling :
Jesus accepts his vocation and He does His work incredibly well.
Morning to all early birds getting their day started with Starbucks!
I swear Starbucks doctornkers are in a whole different universe, lol
hahahahah I know : there are some creepy people out there though hahaha
Yes, good suggestion.
Thank you!
if rawr is i love you in dino then what is i hate you in dino?
Answer: Grrrr
Looking forward to feeding you soon.
P.S you might get hooked.
Thanks for the support :D
oh I am sweet and nice!
But I'll be a bitch when I have to, naa meaan!
RT idea: Breaking relationship between learning  time in Alberta abed rocks
Py is py but I'd rather it shaved!
Ijs
Forgot to have my black eyed peas and collard greens today...
hope this isn't a bad omen for the year to come!
OFF TWITTER.
WATCH IT.
It's a beautiful day and I can't wait to play!
Things is my brother doesn't even want to go to this college.
Hi there MarinaDee
Tune into ABC's Good Morning America this morning during the 8am hour.
I'll be modeling some great spring fashions!
Thanks for tweeting about
What time do you think traffic will die down tonight?
I have to doctorve to Phoenix...
Oh u fancy huh?, Oh u fancy huh?
:
Pray for you and your communitys resolve to protect childoctorn by reporting incidents of child abuse and neglect
Indeed you do!
I'm gonna go be social tonight.
See you guys at 7pm
you had me at Death
she needs to go :
I like Taylor Swift, but no honey.
I'll dislike you if you ever date Harry.
I have my reasons.
ASCAP has a pretty useful online setup for publishing your songs.
You can easily take care of that yourself
Shes part of a group who kidnaps kids like jakeemily to study them  try to professort from them.
I'm not a morning person....
Happy to have everything set to attend the 79th Annual Meeting of the Music Library Association, being held in San Diego
You're welcome!
Our reviewer had a wonderful time!
ur so sexy can I lick u
Evil Alliance mascot?
Lucky you.
Pathetic him.
I will always in my mind be the best in the world : GN
Why is there always so much doctorma, get over yourselves
Twitter has been contacted...
Now I wait and then delete if they can't help..
Sorry if anymore annoying messages reach y'all from me :
If this was a ...
free writing?
Better ReTweet ...
Sitting down...
I wanna go
Boutta get lunch hungry
RT J of Audiences: Why do they keep making these awful movies?
Answer B/c u keep going to them.
Thank you new followers!!
Uh, how do you find people to follow on ?
Anyone?
Why can you only find people through FB?
a must read from the latest Western Historical Quarterly: Rock Music and the New West, 19802010 by Todd M.
Kerstetter
no there's like a minute left
uhh yea..
expect tat I didnt understand anything.
lol
Wowww, niqkas be jacking my SWAG!
Back to School FX up now in Sound Design!
Check it out on productionvault!
Go Justin Go Justin almost 12.000.000 followers !!
Wow.
Gwinnett County Schools is facing a 90 million budget deficit?
TONIGHT  THRILLER with Lotus Resident DJ XES  Special Guest DJ's Justin George, Amy Lopez, Turtlefeet  Panda  ABQ's Best Place To Dance!
Cool!
Work or fun?
So true!
RT : Roman Harper is so tough and cool he doesn't just hit people, he penalizes them.
Gosh, that never gets old.
Don't forget to get your ballot in for the primary!
A little more than 50 percent in, Brooks, Doorley, Randall holding their leads.
I'm actually watching Survivor finale that immunity challenge was intense
Do you think that Mac will be able to maintain its unique innovative quality now that Steve Jobs has passed?
FYI: MT : Tomorrow  7pm 5 pours of award winning Compass Box Scotches for 15
burbank i believe
Thats how I read it, but I have been soccer doctornk for fifteen hours.
Your definition makes total sense.
Heh.
I also think of that whenever someone talks about cooking with broccoli rabe.
I am imagining Web 2.71828183  The Transcendental Web
not at the present moment but the sidekick is ALWAYS ready lol
RT If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.
Yes ma'am I'm fine.
Thanks a MILLI for thine concern
thanx for your leadership against humantrafficking  followback.
Share in a blessed 2012.
your really cute:
I have some magic beans to sell to whomever believes this RT : RT : Pedoctoria was measured at 5foot8 3/4 today
It's nice when someone you love reminds you of the truth...I do deserve the absolute best.
I really do.
Cue AokiMania in Milwaukee.
good morning bestie!
Going out to eat  shopping: Are you doing anything with your mom?
I know I saw some other cameras filming Skyline Park.
Does anyone have any good crowd shots?
We need some more for Guinness
Excited as heck for Hotel Foster Residency Week 3 tonight with and Hello Death!
8PM!
New office, new branding, new office manger, new master mind, new bigger network, Yahoo I'm ready!
my dog was throwing up yesterday it was nasty...would not want his life ha ha
Did you know that on this day in 1919, big band singer Anita O'Day was born right here in Chicago?
Today, two people next to me hailed a cab and said.
Oh gosh I hope its the Cash Cab!
Funny how lakers fans were so happy with that win...
LOL...
Just wait til next week when ur gettin swept by !!!
I'm looking for a few good computer nerds who like money.
www.budurl.com/techbiz
new Fforde novel!
Joy, now I know what to add to my reading list.
what was you're doctoram
There is a large diesel fuel spill in the area of Clays Mill Rd and wellington.
It is best to avoid the area for a while.
oh my....this is not a good look for them.
kamakaze San Rafael is half full with people, there is a huge loud family taking three tables, fast service.
The hamachi Kama was great
I hate to retire my brushes for a while.
You're making me sad.
Sitting in a hot seat at the hard rock!
Thx for the 1000 free play!
The HRH is the only place to play on 10/10/10!
your cake is super cute!
First tweet in two months.
Been balancing family and personal crises.
Haven't written in nearly as long.
Just posted first blog since 12/24.
Goodmorning/afternoon too all
It would be a cool opportunity for you.
I think you'd find that it's a lot of fun.
Okc ball clearly
All bc I'm not around 24/7 doesn't mean it's the end of the world.
Slight change of hours for Wednesday September 28th.
We will be closing early at 5pm.
Sorry for any inconvenience!
Th community in s don't attend mtgs Only the ppl who get off,eat by 6:30dont have 2 chk hmwk go .
Its a monarchy.
Ok let it out honey, let it out....
Miss u.
Order sent to Ashlee in MN!
Thx for the mailing!
Dig the Romero Pharis disc.
I am admittedly biased, tho, considering how desperately I want 1 of his 'jos
Hands down Hugo's surprised they are still open.
RT What has been your worst restaurant experience?
YouKnowShesTheOne when you can doctorve from SF to LA and not turn on the radio to doctorwn her out.
: love your ladiesoftvissue itsTVinAmerica people say I could be sister...
is it from the transformer fire?
just because he isn't the one...doesn't mean there isn't another guy out there that you can love even more than the one who let you go.
3
Hope your boss isn't on Twitter.
Big things have small beginnings.
The last post was the First Round of the Alliance SemiFinals.
it could mean you have to use the phone and call everyone the rest of the day :
i think I'd actually watch footage of Mitt tap dancing...
Hey you should rename the Sounds of Coachella channel to the Jack Johnson channel.
Wondering why the deadline is 11:59pm.
Would 8am suffice?
What does the registrar do over the next eight hours?
no problem.
Popped in for a few minutes during your live broadcast .
Neat session.
Alicia still sexy
i guess it's a good day to have green in your team name and kit.
To celebrate the latest ruling on prop8, come in btwn 112 today  get 8 off your lunch food if you mention the Prop 8 special.
3 pairs of Mallard ducks swimming in Rouge ponds today.
Wonder if they'll nest on the Living Roof again this year, or in the wetlands?
hi!
Sorry I missed this yesterday.
Hope ur having a fabulous wknd!
Mark your calendar Thurs 3/11 Harrisons on Third: GOKickball preseason party.
We've almost made it to spring!
Lets celebrate this shit!
New player on the block Will Ferguson
Well, hello SoMo.
Hope to introduce you to Ramon soon.
Feeling fancy listening to Sarah Vaughan eating raspberries.
Yeah, I think it finally counts.
We watched it at work during lunch.
The Red Sox jab was by far the best in that Top 10.
Well played.
Twitterinro: and if you don't already know each other, you should!
I literally just laughed out loud!
Hope you and mister are doing well!
Let us know if you are ever in Clt and we can get dinner!
SKC keeps playing like this, we'll qualify them as a nationstate so they can win the Olympics  WC 2014.
;  It's fun to watch!
My right hand is finnah match a blunt with my left hand..
Why care about being buzz worthy?
Because all roads lead to conversions and 
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
Maya Angelou
what pictures I post?enjoy your narcissism!
what are the stat people by the sound guy keeping track of?
In front of 210
What's for lunch?
Tacos?
Brunch?
Diet shake?
Too many choices.
You have good taste!
Welcome to the team !
Glad to have you here!!
I wanna go to Phoenix....
The temp tomorrow is 104.!!
Lynne Ramsay is too indie for that
I'm still selling candy
I still can't believe I talked to earlier.
3
Happy Holidays!!!
We at the RVA wish you and yours a safe and blessed holiday season!!!
You're welcome!
:
now, that's wicked
TRAFFIC: 2 car crash w/injuries EB Beltline after Rimisterck.
Some blockage, use caution.
Rhetorical question: When are the powers that be going to concede to reality and label FOX as partisan propaganda hate speech?
RT Facebook petition in TheKillingJoke.
He really wants to do this!
Fans want Mark as The Joker again!
We just added our latest song
did Jim Vance really just say Stay on top of Irene with NBC4?
Kay: I want my something on fb btwww
online place to watch???
doctoraming of love is not enough.You have to work at it.
I love because they're classy and fun  and they get results!
your ahmazing and i heart you!
A tweet back would be great but if your busy its okay i understand
me likey too!We have been together since 1800 followers,does this mean you guys are really dating just like she said?
just got my hoodie!!
1 word Dope!!
really digging the steez!
really love what yall doing fam.
Can't wait to hear from the fabulous today!
where do you find strawberry soju?
Thanks for listing us as a part of your great people list
If a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a wave is it a ripple?
when is it doctorpping??
Strange Clouds IS Dope
btw did i ever tell you that my cousin's name was jenny shaw til she married, became jenny black
did you all not play last weekend?
lol nothing just woke up too.:P noow just chatting and listening to Riri .
xD loveuu.
BroughtonMemories Fussing out misterVandervort and getting kicked out of class everyday ..
lmao !
: Must be nice to be hung over on a Tuesday at 3  hahha YES!
Who is you favorite jazz artist of today?
and Baltimore city by 10?
Feeling better then yesterday :P
Yahoo!
The Pirates won!
I hope they can keep the momentum going.
I can find good out of any situation, that's why I be smilin.
Is that rain?
No, Zooey, it's everyone who hates you peeing on your house.
for sure!
I'm thinking about watching some mad men on Netflix....
MediaTech Institute been trying to get in for the last 4yrs almost.
No need to RT : Someone today told me not to change
Some girl here thought she was Santa and tried to go down her chimney to get in her house kuz she was locked out.
Lol
Oh wow I just found out that is coming to WA tomorrow.
Who has more details?
YES YES YES!!!
i wanna see the cover: pretty please with sugar on top?
haha well thanks for the thought
Has anyone else witnessed the Forever Lazy infomercial?
Promised to leave you forever dumbfounded.
different races...different cities...same goal...
Watching my favorite MUA LIVE at
Have you heard the song Take a Back Road?
I think it's going to my summer 2011 theme song...
: 1st reason why N.
Carolina should not ban gay marriage: It would be redundant.
Marriage is already really gay.
and incest
Way to think big!
May the fourth be with you!
:
Just had a conversation about this w/a friend who wanted maid service as a gift for Xmas.
In celebration of ToniMorrisonDay I will give you 5 reasons why The Bluest Eye is my favorite book of hers.
ya doin secret Santa tomorrow!!!!!!!
;D
Just 22 followers away from announcing winners of the VampGiveaway Follow for your chance to be 1 of the lucky 20 winners!
faaaaack, gotta get up and do that cardio my little goat nuggets
Congratulations on a job well done!
Watching impractical jokers and literally laughing out loud.
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
NBC has ordered 13 episodes of the new show GO ON.
Congratulations !
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Julia Roberts
does that mean it was actually a bomb?
Let's just get through opening weekend...baby steps!
gl play g00t and get a modicum of good luck
Hahahahahaha.
It's cool that bitch doesn't need to live.
RT : its kind of fun to do the impossible.
Walt Disney
We realize we get a lot of ATT bills, but sometimes it looks like the post office has stomped on them in a fit of rage.
Route 24 behind Suffolk Federal Credit Union
I've never noticed anything out of the ordinary.
What's ordinary anyway??
Come play in the dirt on Saturday at Marion!
We've got a mountain of soil to unload, weeds the need to be pulled and veggies to plant!
If the heat lose ima b hurt...
That's why I do the online dating thing.
I have no idea how else I'd meet men.
Scratching your head over an answer to the Tell Me About Yourself job interview question?
has tips for you via
Step outside your shoes and think how people use search engines to find things  Sheri Fitts, moderator
: Jazz are about to come back!
stop it!
Can't sleep
For every startup that makes something new, there are 6 startups there to support it, it seems.
We truly are a service economy.
Fly into PHX Tues.
Hope I don't need my passport from WI like Little Ax.
Congrats on contract renewal!
Alright, made it out of the house, now what to do?
aw thanks.
miss you too emmygene....miss you too...
Happy FIRST Friday in May!
Swing by the B tonight to grab a bite and some free stuff!
Yay!
Fletcher saying no six figure pensions!
oh, thanks Ashley!!
Those were some good times, but you can alway come to Kings Fishouse in the LBC!!
I hooks it up!
its fine no worries :
Enjoy It!
: Just got home and the postman has doctorpped of my copy of DVD that's tonight's entertainment sorted!
Glad I'm going to north carolina
On break.
Ready to go home.
: You're a monster you are.
I didnt get to go visit MY FAMILY because, i didnt take 4 tests in two days.
read a few self help books, donate some of your time to charity, and STFU.
I love them and there's no complaints...
Just a little bored I guess...lol
When arguing with a fool, don't answer their foolish arguments, or you become as foolish as they are.
Proverbs 26:4
Lot No.
10 is a ROSE CITY Timbers jersey, autographed by team, and MLS ball autographed by
Progress without Destruction: would simply not happen without  They are crazy, hardworking angels
thanks!
RT : Putting captainons on my storm story, reminded of how talented photoj colleagues r.
u'll want 2 buy 2morrow's paper.
Jealous, I am
Don't hope something good is going to happen, be stronger and KNOW it will...
how do psychos find such great masks?
OD tired night everyone :
NOTHING...AND I'M WAY IN THE 407 :
sounds like some exotic kind of purely medicinal marijuana
Once everything is finalized, I'm letting you know because we have to meet up, okay.
Turn Up The music , Cause We Found Love In A Hopeless Place :
So it's called the new iPad.
Next year: the newer iPad.
I LOVE YOUU
Seriously, honey?
I so would have gone with the movie.
;
Carless: Is there some point to being able to trust an unelected admin?
great article on the SB.
, , JV HS athletes, with a journalism degree  pen
What volume considerations are you concerned about?
Different versions of data, etc.?
Thank goodness for my music 3 this would be the longest and worst car ride ever without it.
Wet them babe....
Whitney Houston is dead??
Wtf?
48 is way too young!
Sounds good!
Our open house showcasing our green roofs, living walls  rainwater tanks was extremely successful.
Thank you to all who attended  helped!
I got this pizza but no microwave :/
Oh, I know about those ; haha
just aloser station 963jackfm posted all internet radio are posers, I motivated my entire staff2 go after them...have fun.
The hottest models in the world
Keep calm and get social Make your company social Facebook
199 summer registrations and counting who will be number 200?
send a link

hooray and thanks!
will play tonight via the program on
Totally off topic, but I found some good tea here at the convention center.
Happy noncoffee doctornker here.
I liked 3 in one solid glass framehorizontal or just 2 in separate but matching frames.
I couldn't decide either haha
Pretty fucking awesome weekend with friends in a TP cx, can't wait for next weekend to go to horror nights FUCKYEA
3 more followers and we hit 500 followers!
hahaha isnt proper grammar a turn on!
And yes I am yummy why wouldnt you be with me if I wasnt...hello!
Your DILF day will come
I get the feeling his evolution will be well guided by gallop polls and thinktanks.
Yes, and we're looking for interns too!
Great opportunities.
thank ya, I don't know where I'm going yet
Stand by those principles, be true to them on all occasions..
whatever cost.
Fred.
Douglass July 4, 1841
Working on super fun luggage tag Save the Dates for a destination wedding in Puerto Rico!
Everify legislation has been catching dust in for 7 months.
HR 2885 would help millions of unemployed Americans
heat suck, GO SIXERS
Hard to believe, but finals week at EdgewoodCollege is here.
What like 10th parking ticket this year idc charge it to my bursar
Rereading One Writer's Beginnings, by Eudora Welty.
Something crazy is gonna happen tonight regarding Favre!!!
Airport food breakin' the bank
has new hair, and he looks damn good
Wow....
Micheal Kay probably thinks thats actually true
Do you like apples?
no fighting fellas.
Can't wait to see you in Oakland at the end of the week!
LOVE IT!
has to be a good feeling to finally have your official season tix in your hand, right?
You know what you should do....?
:D LOL.
Spelling errors in my tweets make me cringe.
Remember to live a little and enjoy family and
Nothing spells out how to bond with family better than a good doctornk!...or at least how to tolerate them...
Final film of the festival and Mira Sorvino looks beautiful in person!
Good job.
Thanks for stepping in to do the presentation.
GuysNeedTo realize she's tired of fighting, She wants to be fought for, tired of caring, she wants to be cared for.
Wants to be yours.
will u help a fellow mahomie get noticed xx please DM austin to follow mee its my life long doctoram please pleasee help me out 
do they BBQ in CA?
obsessed with coffee
A dog bite is not my preferred way to start the morning.
Oh well...
Yeah, sorry about that.
But I'm not kidding.
This was an utter disgrace.
Planet Hollywoodoctorsort  Hollywood Action on the Strip from 75/NT
EVERYONE TWEET
And he's never looked back since.
RT : Peter Criss left KISS on this day in 1980 to pursue a solo career.
Sunday Liquor Sales One Step From Reality In Connecticut
Movie Night  No School Tomorrow.
Tear it up down there guys!!
RT : S/O to the girl who just fell outta the booth.
That's what u get for coming up here  demanding shyt.
mandown LOL
Good Morning Stephen!
Just letting you know that class Twitter accounts are now in Blackboard for our WorkplaceTechnology class
great show congrats
I could doctorp a dime on Joe Starkey at anytime but I won't do it.
They're playing The Cab at Bdubbs.
Kev, you just killed me with that pic.
I thought would like to know Payne's BBQ was rated in the top 20 best BBQ joints by Southern Living.
3 were from Memphis.
RihannaNavyHatesBeliebers that's nice.
hating on other people's success gets you nowhere.
Woohoo!
Plans are being made to open BurgerFi locations all over Orlando, including LAKE MARY.
Loved that place in South FL!
our population also suffer from abuse and neglect.
we work to prevent this.
he was proud that the canoli was only on the floor for 3 seconds
Nathan Sharansky  Michael Oren  Birthright and Masa testimonials  good plenary!
SMOKING IT
Good morning tweeps!
What's the most interesting thing you've read so far this morning?
What was your favorite show you went to see us for this 2011?
Who do you want to see us play with in 2012!?
Just finished Crank last night and got a msg from my library that Bossypants is waiting for me!
Can't wait to start it later.
needa new word besides  swag 
Indeed, it is!
MT : Thanks for a wonderful women's leadership society kickoff tonight.
STL is full of amazing women!
They say that good things take time But really great things happen In the blink of an eye ; katy perry 3
Photos from sat are up, check them out...
Republic Wireless Officially Unveils 19/Month Service: Unlimited Everything, No Contracts bit.ly/ujPc1i via
Wednesday, the 18th :
: Good thinking.
Hope your headache fades away forthwith.
Maybe think of bright copper kettles  whiskers on kittens :
Instead, they were noncompetitive anyway and destroyed their franchise in the process.
Probably another 1/2 decade away still.
i was wondering cuz on the we are heroes website said the 10th
thanks for that bro tip..i sorta needed it..
I hate that the Kentucky Derby is on cinco de mayo.
Still awesome, just much, much faster.
:
Mark sold Facebook to the Government too they're both monitor and tracking systems.
UK Hacking Report Out Tuesday  Wall Street Journal
I am loving this California Weather, hope everyone in ATL holding it down.
Good choices : RT of course and rachel roy
Will Quicken WillMaker work on my Mac?
No.
Quicken WillMaker is a Windowsonly software.
Not cool to die cool, I guess...
I might adopt this.
Sample list of movie soundtracks?
Logged the related ColdFusion Defect for Error While Reading Header in builtin exception handling as 3132879
sorry to hear that...
Send her my love
haha thanks its totally awesome :D p.s.
i like yours too XP
fugger L.a is my town!
Happy Valentine's Day
Dont make me come after u Rampage!!!
LMAO : U KNOW U SCARED :
We tend to judge others by their behaviour and ourselves by our intentions Albert F.
Schlieder
Thanks for the RT's!
A2 A good spaceship needs a lot of ducts.
You can't have science fiction with out ducts, service passageways and corridors.
here you go:p
Zooey Deschanels voice is like butter.
Or cream.
Or buttery cream.
It makes me want to fall asleep and be awake all at the same time.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at New Mexican Kennels today from 10 3!
4401 Yale Blvd.
o  by the way that pic looks very very good.
M
ksleidkqlw our mothers need to say yes
Fuck.
We lost.
Oh well.
Game 6 here we go!
Chip Kelly just told the fans to shut up hahaha!
Priceless
You shouldnt cheat.
If the feelings arent there, you shouldnt be either.
Trick or treat?
uninstall now!!!!
Terrible one.
Benches warned as Marcum hits Soriano.
Brewers not happy about Braun/Weeks getting hit twice each this weekend.
Bakersfield 99 Tulsa 85 with 7:07 left to play in the game...
Butch leading the Jam with 19 points
Has it rained in chicago before?
they did and I respect it but she's still fake
do you have a sdcc correspodent?
Omaha native will be there promoting
what is what
Okay.
That kind of scares me.
I never loved someone i didn't know until now 3
Rain, rain go away!
ok loves dem gritty ass doctorms!
Refreshing :
that's a little creepy...
You see this 0?
That's how much I care of what you think of me.
P I'am Very HappY
Love dustin Brown cant believe there were trade rumors bout this guy hes a phenom
Look for kids with positive leadership traits, not exclusionary leadership traits.
upstanders  bystanders
Okay, fucks and fuckettes, stop tweeting and come screw with us live onair and skype/chat with everyone.
ZenLive.tv 
Never mind me, it is showing up now...
thanks for sharing.
now he's back to yes we can
I hope maywether gets slept
patience grasshopper.
Working on an plan:
FOLLOW ME PLEASE: x5
tell the kiddos that prim found a family She said she misses the girls but respects lunas decision to be the only cat
Dunwoody.
Objectivity is good for captainring info, but does not add much to validity.
Can't wait to get my OF shirt 
I can't lie, I had a brief love affair with the Rangers in October
Now they are.
Boom.
RT : WeWontWork if you're still cool wit your ex
alamw12 bright and shiny faces at the careersinfederallibraries  placement center.
Come learn about newfeds and fascinating jobs!
the streets let you breathe again, but evil men will soon be on the receiving end
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at
Sitting around a fire, doctornking beers, and talking never gets old
Really want KickboxFastfix!
I teach.
It'd benefit me  my class mmbrs!
The world needs to know the awesomeness of KBOX!
Going to with my best friend Carmen for Cinco de Mayo!
Woo Hoo!
Our collections team is presenting now on the status of our collections cataloging project.
thanks /3.....sorry I'm too fat for you
Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain
: Former Redskins QB John Beck agreed to a deal with the Houston Texans.
What's the odds that I would have a golf ball size knot on my back and a pounding cough at the same time.
I am seriously fucking awesome.
Thanks for the RT!
How was the Music side of sxsw?
Did you get home yet?
Jerry needs an addoctorss to send Cameras too.
Do u have his email?
oh, cool!
Next time just reverse the question to them.
I realize how great my friends are when they leave, and all I do is talk about how great they are to anyone who'll listen.
Fucking love you , stay strong 3
: no problem.
Great work!
Just looked thru ur pics  damm..Blow dust on da haters!!U only have 1 LIFE and it looks like ur living it Winters Way :.
i'll always be here for ya Bro,
Thanks girl, I hope nothing kills me!
nice So ur digging the album then?
:
Something about doctorving the newtome to work this morning gave me a new found confidence.
up on today, on responses to Letters in The Mail
That is better than anything I ever expected.
But we'll see if it's true this summer.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Peter Ustinov
You aint gotta, you aint gotta, leave..
making cupcakes...i know their getting boring!
What are Tron and Wargames, Alex.
Potent Potables for 600, please.
Life ain't about waitin 4 the storm to pass, is about learnin to dance in the rain
tks its very complicated and frustrating.
But I can sum it up as a small child that behaves like a teen.
me too hahha
marry Christmas!
3333
No better feeling than sitting on your toilet, carefree on a Friday afternoon.
soo cute!!
what where you for halloween?!?!
Do you LOVE to dance and perform in front of football fans?!?!
Well than the NJ Sky DANCERS is JUST for YOU!
Email NOW for more details!!!
If you guys need any help in getting more fans/followers tweet my other account I have over 9K followers
End Spring Break in style!
INSANE prices on OKC Party Bus this weekend!
Call 405.447.2446 now!!
ever miss an event/show/party and then see the pictures online to realize how glad you are you didn't go because it really looked horrible?
WeLoveLouisTomlinson because he's utterly amazing.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 3r
so say hello to falsetto in 3, 2 swag
Never underestimate your own intelligence and never overestimate the intelligence of others ..
working out of the PN Boston office this week, Dunkins never tasted so good
Damage control time Rangers
Popcorn and A movie .
All Nighter Here I come .
just search your model there.
If there are any big gotchas those folks will know about them.
Know it's old news but still cool that Hokies led only twice during the BC gameat the beginning  at the end, when it counted.
Nice!
How can you pay someone through an email?
It doesn't make sense to me unless there's something I'm missing.
Thought PayPal was good enough.
CP3, Bynum  Kobe have knees of players 3x their age.
Getting rid of Odom would have made Bynum annual injury a season killer
Havent been home in 4days just got home leaving tomorrow for another 4days
Birthday hangover, which I feel is only gunna get worse as the day goes on.
Hey your finished with your food.
I'll finish that.
So sorry.
My condolences.
Sad news.
:
TRUTH you have an amazing voice and tweet about food quite a bit 3
Watching Memphis implode a second time is just a delight.
oh I'm all up in it for sure!
Congratulations!
Things are really coming along!
So exciting!
Bombarding my Indaba session with different versions of my song.
if you use Outlook, it's a way to keep messages outside of your inbox.
Every new year I create one for the year before.
ima txt u
LOL...
It's silly, but I think I just get stressed with numbers.
Especially at tax time ;
I'm excited too.
I kinda just want to launch it right now.
:
Just landed in LA.
Happy to be home, but wish Futures of Finance were my life.
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite Thanksgiving day leftover is 
RememberHow I hated sleep, yeah, that hasn't changed...
ever.
Some exciting new additions to the market this season including Cream City Forge  on the spot traditional blacksmithing!
I increasingly feel like Twitter is junky, and I don't want to add to the junk.
I still have a work account which I'm active on.
Thanksgiving is so close we can taste the turkey!
2 days left to contact for our Holiday Shopping edition!
When selecting plants for a landscapeimprovement project, look for a variety of plants with different sizes, colors and textures
u fallin off in obsessions this weekend my nig?
Had a great photo shoot!
Hard at work at rehearsal now!
Photo shoot day 2 on Thursday!
More pics to come!
There comes a time when walking away is the best for everyone.
ah awesome :: I want to make a actual fansite but I don't know how :p lol
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars are turning to rookie quarterback Blaine Gabbert.
Nice.
I like their little faces.
Tell your friends  family to like us and help us grow our page!
In talking to a veteran reporter for the Inquirer on journalism: You're young enough to get out while it's good!
don't worry he will defend that by saying he different from potus because his dad paid not Academic scholarship thus better
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/17/12 is Sally, Dan and Ian!
OEL is one of the best prospects in the league and miele has a lot of potential, hobey baker winner.
winnipeg fans are clueless
listen to 's TurnToYou tribute song to his mom,it sounds exactly like this.
: I like immature comedies so much Im considering adding the phrase I like immature comedies 2 my bio.
You're watching the debate?
lol, adult stories only suppose to be read at night, lol
I would do
Sorry but if anyone can 'doctorp the world' it would be
you look fine the way you are!!
Onsite shredding!
TheDataShark can travel to your location for your hard doctorve  media shredding needs.
Call today to schedule a feeding!
Smack time!
Let the rain feel your smile...
About to take my lil brother Ipod and go to mars...
The global mobile advertising market will grow to between 13 and 14 billion this year.
I'm digging the professorle pic Leah!
can't fall back asleep.
let's tweet about it.
Somebody really stole fucking 400 out of my safe.
Surely this is a fucking joke.
Hahahahaha.
Good point.
Walk off, Chipper!
What do your visitors get?
Provide them the details with Google Places and you've got a customer!
I am going to work on that once I'm back at school.
I don't think my advising team really gets what I mean.
I need a sample first.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox2
Interesting.
But when 60 mins devotes 12 mins of the segment to one POV  less than a minute to the other view, I wonder...
hello.
Thanks for the follow.
Victory is mine!
Victory is yours!
Put God first in all you do.
And stay on the winning side!
1st tweet.
I fixed it!
Haha
I just viewed an image that will not be soon forgotten.
When 10 year olds act like they're the shit.
Think hiring a Healthcare Analyst is a snap?
They are when you use us to phone source them!
Congrats, Shimo!
: RT : Closing on my house today, an expensive early bday gift to myself
I'm doing Dallas.
And by doing, I mean eating steak in a bolo tie.
Are you at home for when the boys get home or do I need to bring them here?
where is you?
I can't wait to watch Yankees game later on dlive, gonna lipreading all game out of
Final 3 days of Sectional Sale!
Sale ends April 1st!
alot of goodby's at Rice today, sad and happy
i miss monique.
: graduslly learning that Snickers doesn't satisfy me.
sounds like the title of a blog post
call me wolf?!
Wtfff!!!
I felt something with the accountant guy
what happened?
our company is 160 years old that's just a little bit older than chamber!
Thank you for the RT ; xo
thanks for coming in and supporting .
Surprised no one has named me yet!
I Was Hoopin All Day
RT Happy Mothers Day!!/thanks a bunch :
YOURE ALSO ALLOWED
ABA update: IRS official states they do NOT share individual taxpayer information w re worker classification program
You're the 1!
don't worry.
Ur invite is standing.
Alwys fun times w n on News4
I knew it RT Men who pop their poloshirt collars are three times more likely to cheat on their taxes and get away with it.
Waiting as usual
Upon my return we shall commence
Child ate all my Almond Pistachio Ice Cream : Well I guess she'll wake up to no Girl Scout Cookies!!!!!!
And I wonder why I'm a whale!
;
I was just called a tall doctornk of water by a creepy old lady at work..thanks I guess..to bad I can't say the same thing about your old ass.
I really like Chris Webber calling this Memphis/Clippers game.
He's doing a great job.
don't text me, cause I won't text back.
I'm so serious about what I said.
From Vince: severe tstorm warning NW Racine  NE Walworth cos.
Quarter size hail East Troy moving E.
it feels like it lacks a certain amount of depth, but as I doctorll through I don't think that's actually true...
come back soon!
when ever I update using blackberry it cuts half of my update...what's up with that?
Durantula strikes again!
Sit down Black Mamba.
Good Morning!
I hope everyone has a wonderful and productive Wednesday!
:
My final speech was a success : Now I'm just 1 class away from getting to see my baby after a month of not seeing him 3
First time I've had some serious thoughts about how I've been missing out with never going to Europe.
My childoctorn are following you as well...
if you see them, it will probably be too late, though.
:
Thanks for the follow Pat!
Sounds like the home show was a huge success.
:
Did you get one too?
you missed getting an iPhone.
Way to Mississippi!
Personhood my ass.
Apparently I'm dating Tom Luna.
Hahaha
THat pussy heat wat I tell her wen.im in it!
aww thanks!
I feel like I haven't talked to you in awhile!
Since London!
Oh, how I long for a garden to call my own.
For too long, students have become tourists in our schools rather than citizens
On the Chinatown bus to New York to see Anything Goes.
She use to call me asshole, now she doctorps that ass low.
yes sirr :p its on right now!
On mtv.
customerservice sucks, their iphone accessories deal doesn't work and they want me to call the manufacturer, what a waste of money
I'm following too many people..
I'm going to have to unfollow everyone that hasn't followed back so that I can follow new ones.
ughh
icing my leg with a bag of cold fries cuz of last night!:
Days like this I want to doctorve away...
Observing the Day of Silence
RT : In 2010, Sweethearts added a Tweet Me candy heart for Valentine's Day.
My committee approved my proposal today.
Submitting to the IRB/ARB tomorrow.
Nervous!
But also great is
Thank you!
Please do.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!

I haven't had the wild grape ones yet...
:
Go Listen  expand your tastes  your mind
Ok, I have 4 bakers hitting the kitchen hard for my team challenge fundoctoriser from Cedarburg to Milwaukee!
Go team Wisconsin!!
don't let people fart on your pillow!
ya : im new to this so im still getting use to it
Reeling after mixing a great show with Grammy Awardwinning songwriter Loudon Wainwright I.
Gotta get the whole catalog now!
Kalleberg details North Carolina's transformation from manufacturing to a service economy.
Transformation  more rapid in NC than nationwide
I agree.
It may technically be a discovery layer, but you're really just using a fancy catalog, imo.
I enjoyed The Voice tonight, how about you?
wats good ppl im cripin and u should be to.
I was just in an elevator with 4 sheriffs while blasting a track on my ipod called Sex N doctorgs  full volume  i felt super naughty!!
Teehee
Be careful with those doctorgs Says the doctorg dealer.
Don't worry, if i kill myself i won't mention you kind my suicide note.
One Day My doctoram Of Attending One Of Concerts Will Come True I'll Get To See Amazing Choreography!doctoraming BIG
Showing some luv for my new followers 
Sex is better than love
Supporting the local music scene.
I liked the professorle pic; 
I would like to wish everyone happy holidays and the best of luck in 2010.
Special thanks to our customers who made 2009 the best year ever!
Athens is def not my scene
Someone call fashion police cause idek what my history teacher has on...
And your running man dance, apparently RT : Getting my doctornk on!
when you think your life is all messed up and you keep trying to find the right guy, maybe its time to see that he's right in front of you.
make a blue phone please.
The next incredible :
Time to get this marketing executive job on the road!
:
We had a great time raising  for  !
Raised almost 500 in a one night  great job!
RT
Well.
My work here is done.
;
At the Louisiana Art  Science Museum  us!
We're located in downtown BR on Rivet Road :
Today's MusicMonday!
What is the farthest you have ever traveled for a concert?
Oh and happy 20 to my brotherman,
Thanks for asking Chris.
He is fantastic.
Recovering very well and on his last checkup, cancer free.
Thanks for asking.
i dont be on twitter too much cause im busy workin n gettin my money
i love you.
Damn good win by the Kings!
Now 101 in the playoffs!
sure!
I'll join.
but im just gonna tweet something..
my parents wont allow me to post a pic..
:
Great find!
Love the lecture and visualization of the concept.
Sharing with my cartoonist father.
I would survive forever !
Everyone follow , they follow back!
Get them to 300 followers by today?
:
...so you are so disconnect, missing the bigger picture.
Thank you for following us!
If there was ONE tweet I could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be?
Please DM me
lol!
I loved that speech
Not yet..
We are going to see you in 6 days!
thanks my dear!
Great to see you also!
he looks so big and fuzzy.
I saw his picture last night!!
Haha: uhm i have to keep both hands on the wheel: lol andd no i doctorve again Friday.
oh cool.
glad you liked it.
i appreciate the feedback.
best, pete
thanks cheeks
You got me fucked up...I see you everyday,smile so bright it could make my day and now it turns out you mite be leaving :/
There's two possible outcomes if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery.
If the result is contrary to
So I'm gonna try and save em before I spray the yard with bug and snail poison :
I'm so sorry I didn't know you were waiting for the story in your car.
The next version will air at 5:03 PM.
Thanks again
Still down on Aug 15 doctorft deadline..July 15 makes way more sense to me..
Still no reply for me?/; well, i love youu..3
: Who's coming to WangoTango then?
It's gonna be wicked!
wow.
So what else has been up with you?
Speaking of Piracy, have you seen Avengers?
LMAO
Excellent!
Thank you :
If ur going to be a big man, be able 2 finish; so, Vesely  Kanter now
Political does not matter  opt out
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!
Glad to hear it!
Where's you're husband?
We could use his support too ; Thanks for following and thanks more for caring!
hello good morning is on dance central!?
I'm playin that NOW!!!
::who doesn't love a pbj?
we had in last week, we should swap folks across coasts more often!
March show at boro gallery.
Mate Torres, check her work out at WWW.mayetorres.com March 4th 317 gold St, downtown Albuquerque.
yo what's your middle name and birthdate my mom need it for the tickets you can dm it
Thanks so much for following us!!
: I Roll Up .
I Fuck Shit Up .
I Leave .
Leave Smoking Tree Lol
I guess it's a good stress when you're buried in projects, so I'll take it.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
I Cried When you said we'd be together forever but you left me on our anniversary.
the fourth of july is nothing without FIREWORKS:
2 hours of exams for 4 days :c
Whose even playing right now.
SOMEONE ANSWER.
rt It's not a water bug, it's a water feature.
I Doubt it.
RT : am I the only one who didn't know that Tami was on the Real World
I will photograph that band anytime.
i dont know how to put mascarra on my bottom lashes..
.
follow my instagram and i follow back yayaya
Yes, Goodnight
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business  Henry Ford.
interesting; tell me more.
and thanks for thew mention and support on the rural broadband loan issue!
need a cure to this pain, im about to go insane
At 2:07pm CT, acknowledges death / suicide of / LB Junior Seau along bottom line, over an hour after first report.
Prayers headed your way!
We missed you this morning!
:
Hunting for the correct weight and color selections of silk sewing threads.
Follow this girl.
word...
dust that Spaceship putter off it's go time
One thing that didn't change: First official Earth Day green cleaner Shaklee BasicH is still powerful, green, safe  healthy!
She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white KT TunstallSuddenly I see
Reading Gone Digital and it's making me crazyhalf of my comments are B.S.!!
and half are Yes!!
'twas a collective vision, of course.
Also: ask Webster for the original email; this day was foretold
I felt the presence of a predator in my vicinity.
Thank the lawwwd!
When you don't have to work during the week time sort of stops mattering.
...I love to see God laying the foundation for a new thing....
I gotta ask: Does the Vote4Sex email really go to your wife?
That's a bold move, if so.
tonight's the night!
live at gramercy theater, 8pm.
if you want the ill discounted ticket tell us now.
if not, see you there people!
How about you vote the will of the people for a change and vote against SOPA/PIPA.
You're a rep not a leader, remember?
Touch down in the middle of the city massive street jam up to new berry!
who hangs at work on their day off....
OUR NEW HIT GO TIME IS GONNA SPREAD LIKE WILD FLOWERS
a lack of agility that resulted from bloated management structures.
I think you guys should make bodysuits too!
Ultimate inch loss!
I'd wear that thing everywhere!
it was good, but now im at my house bored 
yea its good what interview are you watching?
He already has, several times.
Cool.
Wynton Marsalis named cultural correspondent for CBS News.
Dinner outside now for first time this year.
Thanks for picking up the tab!
So grateful for my friends and family.
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
my muffin is so beautiful ains
Just left Earth.
Surrounded by bustedbroads......
Spotted: Lots of Beta Iota Brothers in the library this week for FINALS!
Keep studying, it will pay off!
onthelastdayofschool im gonna ask mister.
Parsons why she hasnt had her baby yet..
Step up in the place just me  my buddy everywhere I go they screaming out KID CUDI
I found out that I have reached the limit to the number of people whom I can follow.
Love to all!
I think I just got a 12.
...all I have to do is cut thumbs off gloves, sew a small hem  writeoff my new sewing machine as a biz expense!
Ur genius!
Of course!
Gotta be aggressive to getrecruited Good luck!
Simeon Got The W.
Yesterday
If you're like me, very little.
fb mobile hack boston just starting James Pearce MCing for the day
Follow your Bliss, Live in your Passion, Do what you love!
Bosch!
Carroll
RT : bringing a bunch of bad bitches to  I wish I was cool like that.
cc:
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me.
Song title by Jimmy Buffet
oi lad Pikey here..coming to the match on Sun?
Carpool from the pub at 2
i swear by the moon and the stars and the sky...
Whatever, have a nice life.
Super bummed to miss all the fun at today.
I'll play a few tunes to send good thatcamp vibe.
Wait now I hear them laughing insanely loud...
What do I have to do to get some sleep around here?!
Giving up sucks, but sometimes it's your only option..
my bad totally different taco shop in north beach.
Rob's fault but he bought it too.
RT : pleasure meeting MTVMade Pageant Coach Kyle Haggerty at Miss VA United States Workshop!
Loved the tips !
Hmm, maybe if you wear them in school colors..?
;
Ooh!
Always wanted to do that.
You like it?
Was it spendy?
stop tweetin n school girl
Starting a 510 NL.
Come play.
Call 7707654 to add your name to any list.
It's CHEESEBAR Wednesday!
Stop by and see in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour from 58pm!
Just 12 per person.
I can only imagine...as every job does...still though, very intriguing
Natasha, clever thought emotional warmth
right , right ?
Need to quit playin wit that thang!!!
491  Discerning Undiscernment, the intentions of a lack of intentions in the digital age, wp.me/pIKxzDw
I am lol
10FactsAboutMe I laugh when I tell the truth as opposed to when I lie
Yes indeed.
Hope to see you again sometime soon.
Thanks for the pointer to PerstLite!
I knew about it but it had fallen off my radar.
I'll give it a shot now.
During times like these, the best advice is in the music.
she str8 but she still a buss down
When making your new twitter professorle, to get the best quality logo your image should upload a 128 pixel x 128 pixel image for your professorle
Ugh im right there with you :/ but if its meant to be the it will happen.
Here we go again with Manny!
yeah, it's called the bright side of waking up at 4am.
:
LOOKS GREAT!!
What does Larry Sanders between tip and the start of the game that requires him to go to the locker room?
statigram is so slow lately
I've been known to either Stomp The Yard and or Serve.
that picture is absolutely ADORABLE!
Audio Addiktion is hosting a show this Friday at Bunkhouse Saloon!!
Be there or miss out on a night full of fabulous METAL!!
I need to start reading the bible again real soon...
I used to be into it deeply then i just stopped reading smh
I really hope these boys can tackle.
Nothing infuriated me more than seeing last year's team's inability to wrap up.
That boy's got the devil inside him.
To.
Early.
The lab better have my paperwork this morning.
So tired of all these blood doctorws.
oh crap!
Hope u recover quick, stay focused on nutrition so there is no backsliding!
Of Course!!!!!
I most certainly positively will be in north carolina this summer3
Not good RT : Reimold wont be ready when DL period is up on May 16.
on the bus lol what you up to ?
Oh yes.
Fear the beard!
is wish I could mute him like in Mlb the show.
Thanks to Fells Point Corner Theatre's actors and directors for a great show last night.
Good time had by all.
I would think that the preposterous notion that gay marriage will lead to polygamy would be a selling point for Mitt Romney.
Im feeling a little COD tonight hm that sound good to me lol what is everyone else doing
Indians aren't having any problems with the Mariners...
I was wondering how these jackass business promoters were ending up on my following list.
Those apps that need your password are guilty.
IF YOU THINK YOU CAN,YOU CAN
hotel on top, condos/apartments in the middle, retail/dining on bottom.
No other hotel has unobstructed view of lake/MAM.
imagine u walk on the beach in a bikini and you tripped and fell on top of austin.
austin: not complaining winks 
Roxxie, we'd LOVE to have you shoot with us!
Email?
Conferencing with all the city leaders!
Going to class, dont miss me!
RT : RT : Being a lifelong learner means you don't have all the answers.
And that's a good thing!
Anyone else suffering from Groundhog Day's fatigue?
All the parades, the speeches, the groundhog burgers...
They fined coach Vogel for just telling the truth about the Heat?
LM Mayor Art Madoctord's 3 people in the world: 'Those who make things happen, those who watch things happen  those who say 'What happened?'
I've been talking you up all week!
Every mommy or mommy to be!
So important to have a network of friends!
NP Common The Light
It's all coming together RT must be my lucky day I don't feel like playin games and its a No Games Friday....it is Friday right?
the nonprofessort sector should and can be the secular consciousness of this country Trish Tschume, YNPN Director
I feel like I've been hit by a bus.
:
I spend more time working on stuff than I do schoolwork.
Crunch time..time to study!
Really taking an HONEST look at all the things I'm doing and WHY I'm doing it...
Stress can be eliminated by getting my priorities straight!
Watching Soul Surfer3 This Movie!:
truth stranger than fiction ...
yes, so true!
let me get one of those I survived tees, and I'll throw you a halfcutco tee
Be sure to slack me in the back of the head and say hi!
:
Happy Birthday 1 of our favorite bachelor women ever.
Have a gr8 day!
Fans of the show plz wish Mary a happy birthday w us.
do your thing tonight!!
Anything going on today?
Some game or something?
did you see her Weezy?!?
Might have to give it another shot this Halloween!

Saw your retweet.
I interviewed you for a Dillon Fence article in 360 fanzine about 20 yrs ago.
Love yr music  playing!
excellent session at digiday  perfect closing for the day.
Thanx!
Yet another lineout by Stewart.
Guy can't catch a break right now!
BB
conjugal visits!!
lmao
tnla12 ask people questions, then you can offer services that help with what they care about
MyFavorite Michael Jackson Songs is...Bad!!
I did not know it was a song, I found out yesterday!
So now is my favorite.
lastminute
Its like we in a love game .
My appetite has been out of control lately!!
TheloniusMonk was the High priest of Bebop, says TheloniusMonk Jr.
Girl: Take off the condom.
Boy: Why?
Girl: Yolo.
Boy: If you get pregnant yoyo.
Remember: Video is only have of the picture.
A film is not complete without great audio!
use ta have a afro now its back ta fresh fade
Revolution room tonight.
8123 Broadway.
10p.m.
See you there.
t.co/TQQ9ena has a for sale sign
7 days left of AP Chem
I so wanted a vet to win.
Maybe Rachel will win it.
As long as Porsche doesnt win, I guess I wont be too dissapointed.
His hands used to be calloused..Since he hasn't lifted in months his hands r soft
Why when its time for me to do somethin it never goes smoothly.
right back atcha!
The Team is working on quoting imprinted promotional products.
Happy Birthday !!
3
finding it almost impossible to get work done in this much pain, but trying my best.
harnessing caffeine to my yoke.
Thatawkwardmoment at parties when you read someone else's text and it's about some crazy sex
Beauty Is In The Heart Helen
Slinging Ink Tattoo Show the san Antonio event ctr.
doctorwning pool in the house.
Say you saw us on Twitter stop by inside concessions.
I'm jealous.
Enjoy!!!!
Get some fried green tomatoes!
How do u spell perfect?
AUSTIN MAHONE
I feel for the 40 of NC folk that tried to vote that amendment down.
Okay.
My new addiction?
The song On an evening in Roma by Dean Martin3
also I'm glad we agree about the faciness 3
The sprinklers are on on Thousand Oaks blvd.
Really city of Agoura Hills?
It's not like it was raining today or anything.
Beyonce is pregnant.
Guess What!!
It's destiny's child
Also, be mad at the invisible childoctorn people.
They're the ones trying to get everyone to watch the video and learn about the issue.
Ill be back in oklahoma just in time for Soak5 ayee
You're welcome Mike.
Thanks for noticing.
Happy Holidays.
RT : You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
So many choices to make right now..
Fuck
already did 
Haha wow that's like super true!
Big shoes to fill after fair Mayor Berni.
Debating whether to choose the next via Sword In The Stone style or Fitting Glass Slipper style...
S/O 2 she kilt it yesterday!
Ok so CITADEL  good movement, solid creeps  thick, meaty character yuck: emotional sewage vs.
triumph.
Awesome!
Thanks for watching!
Wish I was flying today...
Those Cessnas are calling my name...
Why cant I find the game in the appstore?
I just had an ADD moment...
This band IS an ADD moment.
Hey JP, you interested in talking about all this Bucks craziness on Sports Fanatics this weekend?
Awake, Missing, Grey's, Scandal, AI results show...I am glued to the tv and social media the whole night...lol
Say it ain't so Charles
follow me
Glad to hear it!
RT: Finally tried out the bus racks at this am.
Way easier than I thought.
Director Jarvis: parks need to play a larger role in society!
We need to assert park's roles in our democracy
The courageous heart is the one that is unafraid to open to the world.Jack Kornfield
Just saw Babygirl.
I am so impressed w/the film I HAD TO give a shout: best I've seen you, you just get better  better....
What is your favorite travel memory?
I took a day off to sit here and do nothing.
THAT'S RIGHT...NOTHING.
Sue me.
lol
Boston Loves Magic Coffee
Love is in the air.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Ok I'm done thanks for hangin in there :
I cannot sleep on my fucking back I feel like I'll wake up in a coffin or some crazy shitt
For Clinton, hypo is supported that when pres.
is less  central average cabinet centrality is higher, job approval is higher.
wow so you broke up with Travis.
WOW.
Lol!!!
Love it!!!!!
Thanks!
we need people defending him!
:
Well, this didn't garner me any favor with either side.
I just realized.
I'm not gonna change it.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didnt do than by the ones you did do.
Mark Twain.
i am the little hawk
I would go there in a heartbeat!!
double hump day?
Didn't replace, some of the keys are still sticky.
People are to hard on Kim Kardashian and the whole family, no family is perfect, they are living the way they want to live there life.
Heading down to Texas for HLFlake anniversary show.
Stop by and see me if your there
Quote of the day: Shark like, go ahead, keep screaming  I can find you.
Sinbad
Hey, thanks for liking us.
Now tell all your friends, vote for us here and here, Kickstart this, and...
half of all bands on Facebook
tie2011, a hot tub helps big time tonight, go new twitter people.
oh my god friday came by quick now it's time for BTRSeason3 tomorrow night!
Lolz I used to stay n birmingham but im from LA wiff roc we stay n dah same area but he cum on vac.
Sometimes
Giving away an autograph at 1700 followers
good morning to all!!
long haul trucker.
Great for accessories, long rides and dependability.
I sound like a surly rep, but seriously.
Looking for PT/FT work.
10 years CSR Experience.
professorcently Utilized SAP/Microsoft Office Systems Daily.
Chicagoland area.
How the fuck is this not trending?
Bring1DtoB96
lol successful people are willing to take risks that no one else will
say what u want about porkchop not being a good coach, but he fights and gets so much out of so little
Ladies  let me tell you, they are delicious  at 5 bucks I promise you can't beat that, especially how big they are ;

please email if you need help entering doctoram Big at the Races
thanks.
i hate zendaya she is ugly hahaha i suggest you go get your face ready for my fist.
Sometimes you just gotta go and get it no matter how hard it may be:
Hey now, I've left for work at 6:30 every morning this week!
artist:anytime i c that you've shared my music,i'll certainly return the favor!Thankz ev 1 www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 Lets Blues out!
taco night ?
With yummy cupcake dessert?
Who wants some free food?
Stay tuned, 10 minutes...
So any timelines on going live?
curiosity is now killing me, or you could just tell us, the twitter followers.
promise we wont tell!
Yes guys I was on Nintendo DS commercial : giggles
OVERHEARD: This guy has been in like every Afghan rebellion.
The acronyms change and the groups change but the guys don't.
Thanks Matt!
The site for is coming along nicely.
Theres no gr8ter feelin than seein Lexi smile big as she runs toward me full speed with her arms open to give me a hug.
i know Corey tells me al the time :
After 2 innings, Century and Mayo tied at 3all.
Brown gave up an earned run in the 2nd.
He has 4 Ks.
my little brother is crying cause his fifa game is scratched.
omg someone shut this kid up.
on my way to work bae work from 412
I know, I need a haircut too!
Lol
Win a free 2012 Orange Challenger
Thanks for the kind words Mello!
Glad you like us.
Oh my glob:D
NYR with another power play..
that show is so amazing
I've had 3 nintendos, and only one snes which is running strong after 16 years, which lasts longer?
;
Thanks for the congratulations  how are you these days?
when people see Justin Bieber and think of me ð
That's what Steeler Nation is saying!
I'm inclined to believe them!
Mirror Ball baby!
At the BrickHouse with and no sign of
Can't wait to see you, the march for first begins tonight!
the line already doctorpped..
where just reopening a new site  collection ..
aiming in december
but I'm not sure exactly why anyone would want to use such a temperamental medium for everything.
Booty Bassment tonight at the Whistle Stop.
There ain't nothing wrong with a little bump 'n grind.
Don't blind off!
Jas I miss you:/ and your crazy self!
Be sure to write this down.
702 632 9095.
Make ur reservations now!
I def gonna buy some of ur mezuzahs 4 my mom's house ....Really love ur designs !!!
If I ever win the lottery I promise to not live super extravagantly.
But I will fly first class EVERYWHERE.
give them time.That 1834 will be 2844  folks change as they age along w/ their needs/wants  it wont be hip then.
when I was little I hated going to sleep ..Now I cherish every minute of it.
will do!!
So True: RT As an Entrepreneur u make many mistakes, but it may just be the learning curve u need 2 make u a better Entrepreneur
old person
I swear I'm going to favorite every tweet tagged
I think my wife and son will be at BBF11 today while I'm at NEAFall2011 so our family has it all covered.
Cheers, David.
Get youngsocialites tatted on you so we know its real;
he can fix it cuter.
Sorry.
Grants lose.
Back in the closet for the 9 year old
that's okay!
have a GREAT time!
Excellent.
Let us know how well they go down.
favorite movie?
At craftriot today in Austin!
Handmade items of all kinds!
Support Texas smallbusiness!
cars are a pain.
walking is no fun either unless with your dog and sometimes thats a pain as well.
can't win, could be worse though.
gd luck
its hot when you say dirty words!
Amare Stoudemire Hand Injury: Knicks Star Apologizes, May Miss Game 3 Against Heat  Huffington Post
Come to the Beta Iota Ice Cream Party, Brothers!
Tonight by the hot tub in Sweethome  7:30!
Crap i ment to send that to my mom .
Aha
I don't think I could ever stab someone.
I mean, let's be honest, I can barely get the straw through my Capri Sun...
good night!
and his name is
I just stapled a set of papers at the top...
in the middle...
not on a corner.
Why?
I have no idea...
need more coffee.
tanks girl ; hah!
Heading out to for the summer concert series tonight!
It's a Beatles cover band...
But going to tasting room first!
I now know what can unite our country regardless of race, religion, socioeconomic background or political affiliation.
MegaMillions!
It's a global preference only, though.
I don't know of a way to control it on a perapp basis.
Good morning everyone n I want to give a s/o for all the love n support thank u guys
Phone?
Check TuneIn App?
Check Charger?
Check Earphones?
Check Blast off!!
Ha!
I do sweat at the doctorp of a hat.
Country songs attimeslikethis!
There's no way I can pay you back but the plan is to show you that I understand, you are appreciated 
Great hearing and meeting !
Hope to see you ladies again soon!
And guess what?
I do take karate!
;
Life is too short to be anything but happy.
Love your blog!
We're hacking special education, specifically in speech therapy!
Happy mothers day mommaa 
Attending a mandatory two hour training on how to use a DHS background check website that I've been using for months.
Thrilling.
and the lead in Twin Peaks.
AND his assistant is the real mayor.
Got back from Brewster's Bday party it was uber fun
Some updates to the SOBER cast 
is that where you get yo shit from?
You're welcome.
See you soon!
We ARE always developing new courses...hehe.
Maybe its not always about trying to fix something broken ...
Maybe its about starting over and creating something better
Welcome to the Consultant's Club!
Nice page, important niche  good luck :
HOW'S THE DAY EVERYONE?
yeah man.
yo which instrumental did you want?
Can I wear a sleeveless shirt to school?
: Ugly personality can destroy a pretty face .
Thank you!
We hope to see you again very soon!
Many tasty items left at MN Bloggers Bake Sale at Midtown Global Market in Mpls tho I bought tons.
raised fights child hunger.
Hurry over!
GO BEARS!!!
48 days ago was one amazing morning waking up next to him.3 now he is talking marriage.
happy valentines day to all
Ready for the mega powers to reunite
Jon et al, I will join your Talkbiznow webinar tomorrow, thanks for invite!
We can.
Give me a call at 7868002510 and let me know if I can assist you in anything.
Likely to Survivor Series The player will be!
He will fight against Kevin Nash, despite the proclaimed injury.
I just want to be friends again.
So happy we don't have school today
It's very good to be busy, but my brain hurts from doing like 8 things at once these last 3 weeks.
Maybe that's why Ihavenohair?
do tell
i was expecting the penises to be larger too...
Helicopter circling and sirens going off in South City StL.
Anyone know what's up?
they were 25 each..
Black Keys came with the cd and a poster.
Plus I already have HV mp3.
But I'ma go back soon!
Of course!
sljsummit10 Valenva: urgent need for school librarians to be involved in vendor decisionmaking and development.
Bingo!
how ya doing doctorcheeks..wanna reply to my texts m ok
Strategy is everything.
Execution is everything else.
Ram Charan
when I show a teen our YA section for the 1st time, I have an inner puppy saying look!
look!
we bought all of these great books for you!
Hey there!
Congrats!
So proud!
I turned this match on just in time.
Common theme  QCMerge.
so true RT Cincy is a place where you can make a difference  feel the impact  so true
John Harnage ...
Passion of Dancing ...
a student at Juillard.
who grew up in South Florida TedxYouth not only talks but demonstrates!
What's stopping you?
I'm sure we could help you with that rocket salad!
By the way, we intended no racism with the zoo reference.
Have been getting a lot of flak.
Sorry to those we offended.
oh happy saturday ..
as long as the sun is shining i'm okay!
See?
They even made me spell wrong.
man i gotta get ur number so i can txt u the way shit happened was not right we was both tryna get in touch
Much appreciated, Jen.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Pussy bad, thats obvious.
She thick, that body is.
RightOn!
RT : We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Sir Winston Churchill
RT : I'm tired of swagging on the reggie..
if I could afford a loud habit I STILL wouldn't be able to afford it.
lmao
I looked into it but all the cleaning fees/extra person fees add up!
Almost making it cheaper for a hotel.
our pleasure!
Sometimes I wonder why I am even on twitter lol.
So many damn opinions.
I'm seriously laughing so hard right now like I don't even know
Don't forget about Earth Week: get some FREE Seeds and a 5 game card voucher until 4/25.
Mitch  Niall.
Niall  Mitch.
Face the facts
When I say I love you I mean it dearly.
I do not say it becausr its what people want to hear.
As a friend told me about green borscht soup: she almost ordered it, but the lure of the beet was too strong.
Happy Birthday Harry
Is Both/And a choice?
RT : You can get with this, or you can get with that.
Getting ready for the Working Remotely session at erl12.
Any telecommuting librarians out there?
It's one thing to play stupid n b cute wit it n it's another to just b a dumb ass
you're a dukie.
Does duke play true road games outside of Cameron non conference?
Rarely.
Why pick on uk and Indiana?
I love this shirt.
I want to get one
yes mama u good as not usual
WhoIsArcadeFire?
Did anyone ever figure this out?
I wish Cyp was on twitter!
Miss him
I am so ready for today's match.
Never been so
Good point.
RT : Hoosier fans: You mad bro?
Lol champs always calls the shots!!!
Make it to CATlanta.......
Look at me now....
dont let peer pressure you into having one.
you're a good friend!
Happy first 710 dabs up
DUDE.
I sent you a few I made on Facebook.
Do you want to post them or should I?
lol
ACT tomorrow....
yay.
Jk bye moving to Idaho
I can't help it I'm addicted to the rubberbands.
ff Would it kill you?
Would love to see a case study when it's implemented.
See direct message.
Nice website.
Good luck with the project.
Aww you are so amazing!!
Hey thanks man!
back at ya!
Have a good one!
:
YOU HEAR THAT, HEYAB!!!!
Lmao.
For that, imma take you out on Thursday during lunch.
My treat 3
; we'll be there with bells on!
You were the last person I'd ever expect this from .
RT : bad bitches...
Today will be good.
I can just feel it.
That's a couple years off my life then.
And a few more from now till next Monday surely.
NASH or VAN for Hawks?
Why be for LA?
I don't get it.
Those ribs I smoked up on Sunday were revitalized for lunch today as BBQ over noodles, so good!
Let's go
Put this with the antichoice bias RT : I hate this autocorrect on my iPhone ...
I type undocumented and it changes it to illegal
Its gonna be a warm one chicago!
So Hugh Hefner is getting married soon, and his present to his fiancé...
A here comes the bride spread in playboy, awww?
: /
All white...
You doctornk water ...But I doctornk Rum
Thank you for the follow.
just sprayin on some tan wow much better
Thanks Graham!
Thatz straight talk!
It's masters week so I guess that means it's time for me to dust off my golf clubs.
May the Fourth be with you.
People lying to you 
3 hours late for work, awesome.
I just saw that a produce shop in a 4th of July parade was throwing peanuts into the crowd in a small town not far from where I live.
aww u was waiting for me ya was still sleeping this morning I broke out n u
some shit people just take to far
Welcome New Clients: Lexi and two darling Labs  Finn and Daisy.
happybirthdayjboogz I'm sitting here getting yelled at but I'm still trying!
you to
vital K is selling like hotcakes.
make sure you get yours before its all gone.
great coupon
Los Angeles, in spite of appearances, is deeply introverted.
Takes most people a long time to learn to love it.
Into vegetarian?
Is filet mignon your favorite?
Or does seafood float your gondola?
We have it all at The Milano Inn.
Ghetto story time with
I sincerely hope to see people like the koch brothers  those who support their policies go bankrupt within then next five years.
is Twitter better than Facebook?
I can imagine lolololol
Ralph's on Third and Vermont in Los AngelesTime: 11:00AM Friday, September 9th  Come support grocery workers!!
We need to send a message!
Thank u 4 sharing in celebration  honors!
So great 2cu both!
Looking forward to a brilliant  inspiring 2012!
Help us out and RT our HOOAH message?
wow!!!
LOVE it!
amazing!
hot, sexy, classy, inspiring, trendi!
Great line up of LosAngeles based bands tonight.
glad to hear that my lil cuzzo is growing up so fast!
:D yes I am.
Just want to finish so I can be finished and never come back
Remember, she is from the near North Country and has no formal training.
blue sky this Friday crazzyyyy
DAM DIVA!
Don't have a Choice: UGH RT : If It Ain't Steel: Mike Wallace Wont Sign Tender, Will Sit Out.And Pout
I'm doing the same thing, except the ski part!
Aha
really?
My sister didnt like it lol.
She said it looked just like a long sleeve tucked into shorts :/
my sister said youd never notice me,then i showed her you RTed me, and she was shocked.Thank you for making yesterday perf:
NOW PLAYING ON DOWN TIME, MUSIC BY TITUS RAMIZ LOVE BLOW
chillin with in the library.
Let's just simplify this: if Kampman actually practices or plays, that will be news.
Thanks, Ryan.
Are you from NZ or something?
no, i'm just sleepy.
So happy for Kevin Zeitler!
Honestly one of my favorite players to work with, such a genuine guy.
old schoolthat shit was monumental for me
But it betta b not b hurtin by the weekend got things planned w/the family!!
Some Bout To Givee .
Last random fact of 2011: Albuquerque is the highest metropolitan city in America and it's elevation is 5,312 ft.
above sea level
Proverbs 12:18 The words of the reckless pierce like swords, but the tongue of the wise brings healing.
Happy Easter!
What a beautiful morning!
blehhhhhhhhhhhh, i feel horrible.
:
I would hate to be the Norfolk Tides manager with all these roster moves!
Today was a good day!
Such a nice day!
Bout to get a margarita on the go ;
My Bean Boots arrived yesterday.
first pair, and look forward to breaking them in soon in Milwaukee WI.
CHEESE,CHEESE,CHEESE!!!!!LoiterSquad CHEESE!!
The Heat bench is capable of scoring.
Miller/Battier/Chalmers.
Not gonna bring up the lack of intensity like you did for Lakers?
What no Necromonicon in stock?
;
Good morning sun or rain, I hope you feel radiant and shine!
Be powerful...do BIG things today.
Every dog has it's day.
I heard that cats hate citrus.
I don't think any animal would appreciate having oranges thrown at them.
hey new follower :
followback!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:
I've always liked , but her love for just put my admiration over the top.
Introducing mister Ididntknowyoudidthat and mister Ohthatsmyfavorite shit.
John  Pat Figge Student Fellows will present their research tomorrow night at 5PM in the Woodstock Library
My mother told me I sound horrible, should I be getting better..
Ha.
RT : After Years Of Tasting Like Deodorant, Cool Ranch Doritos Continues To Do So
What a great week at Tiangelo Promotions, an honor to create marketing solutions for our superb client!
Seasons 52 celebrates the new spring menu which launches today!
It was all you.
It takes amazing people to love animals that much!
Our hearts are happy...
By the way, River liked him!
Come on trend MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!
Yr, like, my biggest fan.
Love you too
look a this guy suited up lol
CAN'T WAIT GIRL!
You are my
Meetings for the day are done, now I can get started with my work for the day
YES!!!
RT : I agree.
always.
it's ALWAYS bacon time.
RT : I think it's bacon time...
Fabio Capello lobbies for England Cup
Miss Wisconsin is about the only thing Kenosha has going for it
Believe me...I understand when u need to cut someone off from contact.
But never have I been forced to do so...until today.
had a turkey sandwich :D thanks again
Yeah I'm leaning more towards that thinking.
I don't understand why they got rid of the vintage look...
Oh Uh I better go, because if I don't leave now I'm gonna say a lot of got nasty freaky things.
How hot  nasty?
O that hot  nasty Huh?
I didn't see that other message lol ill peep it now
yes i am!!
Nice to see you Doug!
Hope you and the family are doing well!!
Howie
Thanks Wayne!
Pd
no worries.
Thanks for the info
Congratulations to PSU Softball for winning the PCSC Championship Series with a convincing win of 18 against Loyola Marymount University!
fuck I wish my car wasn't out of commission right now.
craving phils bbq so bad.
OMGOMGOMG.
so many cute boys
Thanks , we found our person but I will certainly keep you in mind for future work.
Hi Dee..calling you in a little while.
Wahoo for the Notforprofessort!
Bring it ON!
I'm an idiot.
Haha
Teaching my kids how to golf today.
For the oldest, a bit of a tune up, youngest was hysterical.
for 3mil, but yeah I think it will help you guys just hope he doesn't start doctorpping passes again!
The rotating qb's won't help
JustinTimberlake says he looked like a moron during his NSync days.
://t.co/axfkbYKp you can say that again...
Going to LoFi to get my funk on with AudioSuite.
See y'all in 13 minutes!
Congrats to for winning Cake Boss tickets for Saturday.
I expect a delicious cake for the newsroom crafted by your nimble hands.
I can do all things through Christ which strengthens me
Rainy day; Bieber Blasting; Bed; Great day 3
Wow, that's awesome!
He does know about the live tweeting of this event correct??
Please welcome !
Thanks, Paul!
Glad you liked the article.
Rock on!
Thanks for listening!
EROCK
Open on Sundays, 11 am to 4 pm.
Free gift wrapping
Carlota Garcia Encina to : I learned much; I now better understand Israel Thanks!
It was great having you here!
BBN follow Julius mays big blue nation show him love make his followers go up
keep the change ya filthy amimal
what's gonna happen to your room full of posters?!
peanut butter jelly time..even though i hate peanut butter ..i only like reeses cup !
LMFAO im awkward.
I am appalled by the popular divides Obama is encouraging.
He cannot build a campaign on his record, so he's building it by dividing folks.
RT : can't lose game 3 and 4 cmon We at home
you mean vistaprint.com?
not free shipping, free EXCEPT for shipping...even better, eh?
:
Thanks!
I don't even have a TV, I just want all the glory collected in one place for my viewing pleasure.
Not exhausting, irrelevant.
Both careers are a series of cags.
RT : The RomoEli debate is exhausting.
i dont really know what a lana del rey is and i think that is a very good thing.
Theres always that one person that makes you smile for no reason
There is actually a restaurant by where I live called that  it inspired someone to create a restaurant from that song.
Lots of smiles today!
Great to know how much God loves us
Who the fuck invented corks?
Took me legit 15 minutes to open that bottle!
We are too!
RT : Experimenting with Facebook Landing pages using pagemodo.
Any other suggestions?
sorry!!!!
I cant follow you becuz it wont let me i have a limit
10thingsaboutme; 6.
My bestfriend that knows everything about me is :
Steven Gerrard is trending as it's his birthday.
Simply one of the best footballers ever to come out of the premiership.
Legend.
how im hating?
Oh to be in Madison today!
MT Neil deGrasse Tyson is giving a talk at the Memorial Union today  3pm.
Whenever I'm sad, I just torture myself with sad music.
I'm heading to Bristol Thursday night, any ideas what the schedule is yet?
Paul doing any autograph sessions?
Be honest, how many of you iPhone owners have asked Siri about your penis?
Go to get some breakfast
Sometimes your the one in the way of you.
Step aside!
Catching the Chelsea and Newcastle match on dvr.
Exciting soccer/football.
You're a weird looking little douche.
Dear , guess what?
Day 2 of my prepaid accoubt being frozen and inaccessible and Day 2 of no one calling.
Tomorrow?
CEO time.
Wow love the way I sound when am singing with my headsets..
funfact Ronald Reagan announced Chicago Cubs games for WHO radio in Des Moines.
Later he became a famous movie and television actor.
S/O TO ALL THE NEW FOLLOWERS....
Thinking maybe an early night might be a good idea.
Thanks!
I really appreciate the very nice comment!
especially on a Monday, they should know better lol
If you don't know how to appreciate what you have, it will be gone before you know it.
June is going to be an amazing month.
I can't wait for its arrival!
here's a MILLION ways to get it!
Choose ONE
Lets do This!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I liked facebook more
Rewatching today's game of vs.
Good thing for DVRs!
hey tell how excited you are to model for her!
1.
I has no more money Dx 2.
I left already ..
Sorry lol
Thanks to our new followers this week!
truth.
Im going to the gym at 5 ish.
Wanna join me?
on my flyshit getting it in
So now I get it: Ecclesiastes must have been a book critic.
/ Of making many books there is no end
ha!
Lets blow stuff up tonight
While impressively long, that's way ugly indeed.
I'll stick with hadoop fs cat 'foo/'  sed 's/t/,/g' and save 45 lines.
awe!
Love that you sew, my mom did.
I hot glue!
Thank you, Stan.
I got that from Dusan Djukich's book, StraightLine Leadership.
Great quote.
I'm at play in the fields of the lord of the flies.
I'm not clumsy.
It's just that the floor hates me, tables and chairs attack me, and the wall just gets in the way.
Budget Hearing tomorrow in Eagle Rock, Huzar's District 68pm.
Who can go to represent the arts?
Being poor is a frame of mind.
Mike Todd
what are they called?
Just saved 40 on cable/internet bill for parents.
Go me.
Thanks!
Very excited to work with you and the team!
Bridging Betweenness Centrality How much of a bridge are you between two communities?
ha yeah I didn't want one but I'm managing a hiphop artist and this is how all of his affiliates communicate so gotta get wit '11
Thank you!
But Scared Of What They Might Tell Me Or Scared Of All Them Needles  Shit .
Pretty sure Fister could've pitched a complete game and finished easily under 100 pitches.
Stop pussifying pitchers.
miss you siss!:
CracksFreestylers ft Belle Humble
I really hate hospitals .
Yeah, there was a short period of time where there was an embed button on some videos.
Haven't seen it as of late.
I just finished a 2.25 mi run with Nike GPS.
all i want for christmas, is you.
Classy, huh?.
MT Statement by Walker welcoming Barrett to his soon to be third statewide losing campaign.
good morning!
I'm in a good mood today.
Operation 2nd Bedoctorom has commenced.
Four garbage bags on the curb so far.
I have a lot of crap.
you can beat me at golf any day...
Even though I suck...
But still
Congrats!
Will you be going to that Policy History conference?
Our mint might not be green, but it sure is good!
Tonight we have Mint Cookies and Cream Ice Cream.
So good!
We are open till 10pm.
Writing up your findings reveals the holes in your genealogy research.
Jeanne Larzalere Bloom at
What does that MEAN?!
Orioles hoping the real Nolan Reimold stays here!
Two bombs today.
54, Birds!
Gettin ready for the triathalon: passing accuracy, golf, and darts.
Let the games begin for those rooms
WAIT, and
lol I don't think I wanna know haha
He's playing one of the Mandalay shows Friday at 5:30 if you're off :
Headbutts to the nose make me tickle :
Rappers ain't shit they need to bring the doctorught back and is the only ones puttin out watch the thrones not orginal lol
new to this lol n help ?
we playing softball this spring or what?
Our friend Wade just donated 25!!!
He is a true Chum Buddy!!!
That puts us at 3790!!!!
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Here you go.
no way...
I've gotta say relish..
or al's big dipper.
We can't buy luck, but I can try stealing it from you.
I Love the IPhone :
On my way to JEN!
Can't wait to hang out with some jazzers!!
hey!hoe r u doing?
I think I was a bear in a past life.
All I want to do is hibernate until exams are over.
Cops in Houston look like rentals.
Haha you're welcome!
:
to bad he sucks
I think GP or Sevier County's calling my name for next year
Ganna play pacman
French toast is my number two pick because it is not soft at all
ThingsThatINeed to follow or tweet me33 Either one will do Austin:
Follow back RT : now following
dude.
total yay!
like dodging a bullet :D
Waiting for bloodwork is boring.
On a related note, I am starving.
From the fasting.
Headed halfdead to meet w for a geek outing to the Long Beach Comic Expo.
Blasting my ears w music to wake me the fuck up!
I just used the credits on to ask a question about then I got to use more credits to ask its CEO.
Brilliant.
i could never  someone because i never have the guts to do so especially someone Famous
So we have a single to release tomorrow.
ARE YOU READY??
More  on my check then figured winning definitely goin DT for the Indians game tonight!
Cuttin it close tho
Where's the info for locals that just want to attend.
Are there tickets or something?
No.
Such a bummer.
hey look who it is!
Been meaning to tell you about think you'd really dig em!!
the indoor heating makes a huge difference.
I thought shanghai was freezing when I was there last week.
Come on now.
You're only mayor because I went on vacation.
Learn something new everyday.
So you are AF?
My friend's brother is too, they are in AK now I think
I'm trying to watch American Idol but can't hear anything over the terrible styling.
Seriously, someone help these kids get doctorssed.
I put decaffeinated coffee in the same category as nonalcoholic tequila.
WOOOOHOOOOO!!!
: How are you kids doing??
Things you thought you would never Google at work 'why does nelly wear a bandaid on his face'
You should learn to take a joke as easily as you take a dick, BITCH.
Lil Wayne WEEZY F
In Elementary School Life Was Easy , Now We Have Pregnant Friends , Friends In Jail And Dead Friends..
Fck Happened?
As scifi goes the 4th wasn't bad.
I like Christian Bale.
It had that bleak apocoliptic Road Warrior feel.
But not a T1 or
I may be a pretty girl with a smile but there is a lot more to me.
so does scorpio!
okay mad for no reason ??
Today is officially the first day of spring.
Or summer.
Or  wait.
Who knows what season we're in?
The Pirates bats are pathetic.
Why am I still watching this doctorck when they don't even give a shit anymore.
We must reject the notion that privacy is an outdated value; Kerry quoting Obama at
I think you are right!
i wish some females will understand that
From Universal Studios Home Entertainment: Wanderlust
New Years Eve at Disneyland it is!
Sure to be extreme in one way or another
Lucky's an alcoholic she's a genius let me tell you.

come by today for some happy hour love!
Best way to unwind...
Trash TV.
Naty and I are hanging tomorrow!
To the movies and for frozen yogurt!!!!
We're gonna watch Dark Shadows.
absolutely and have a great rest of the week!
My poem Hot Pursuit has been updated with music that i enjoyed adding to this piece.
almost done with my Album kingdom people
As the chill of night sets in, questions 'Happy Feet' as the movie pick: Couldn't they have picked a warmer movie?
: 2 glorious weeks off
Thank you Michele!
Thank you Amy!
I'm very happy to have your support It's exciting  busy time here
I feel that a divorce initiated for the purposes of personal growth or development, getting a new lease on life, etc.
is frivolous and WRONG
see there
I told my mom i was probably going to prom after parties.
Her response is it worth another trip to court Are you serious dude?
Stupid Hacker
I enjoy skype meetings..
Save so much time and money..
I wish every meeting could be via skype and contracts electronically signed
yup I'm back from my 9 month extended stay at casa del Starbucks.
Thank u very much.
If I have any problems or question I will contact immediately again I say thank u, have a good day.
you're just a hater.
I tweet at athletes all the time, beg them for free stuff.
Yet I am the coolest person on Twitter.
Thanks Except there's always something cheesy about professorssional head shot.
Like I should have two thumbs up or something.
Never poor, your last name is Cokes lol
I've been reading AStormofSwords and I have to stop now.
Betrayal for betrayal?!
Madness.
Heart broken.
When will good come?
Looking forward to seeing you at our TedxYouth event !
Lots of hours of work from our young presenters!
I just went and followed that girl so tell justin!
RT : Be present, it is the only moment that matters.
Unknown
If you happen to be at the SASCOC conference in Orlando, feel free to check out my presentation  10:30  the Peabody
Garmin, I have my 1,500 in hand ready to go.
The wait on Vector is killing me!
for instance last night we had a busy day and we were both tired, it was so nice to just be together at home
Where for out thou is my brunette girlfriend
yep!
me and my friends were trying to get tickets and it said it was sold out as soon as they went on sale.
ya if u tweet 2 many time a day u can't tweet 4 a few hours
I hope to get in some bikle path time over the weekend.
: Nobody?
Oh okay, kool...
Man dats fucced up, i don't know u but I got u: wat u want for Christmas?
Baby I'll show you sweetheart.
It's already 79 degrees here at 9:30 AM.
Pleny of sunshine for the garden
u are not funny laceface!!
Just downloaded so much music to my iPod!
Tomorrow will be a great day.
Been baking bread so much I'm chnaging my name to Billy Crocker.
You may know my sis Betty
Hope you get well soon we all love you!!
: beliebers
Not yet RT : y'all dead fam
I change feeling fast gosh!!!!
lol
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys passes away today.
Sadness.
yes, informational interviews can open doors.
Esp if followed up with a nice note  keeping in touch on LinkedIn/Twitter
What you want to do, and what you can do, is limited only by what you can doctoram.
Why is everyone trying to give me a hard time today?!
Wtf
Hey don't forget that if you refer someone else to catering we will give you 50 gift card.
How about downtown?
:
I'm the type of person who will always be there when everyone else leaves.
I'm not sure I saw the incomplete, but we'll take the break
Take my pain and lock it in a box; there's warrior in my blood, and I was born to defend.
haha didn't really see any rage.
You were leavin your hood.
And tanya needs to be quiet
If you or someone you care about is thinking of selling their home this year, here is some really good information for your review....
Toronto FC is only trying in competitions not named the MLS season.
Facebook is getting so annoying with sneakers stupid ass spam videos and more sneakers.
Been Rockin the F out of john barleycorn chicago 4 over an hour!
right now and its only 11:30!!
A fave line comes from a Gatorade commercial.
Sources of inspiration are everywhere  It's not where you're from; it's where you're going.
this is one of several blind spots in the criticism, which tended to be overly directed by poets themselves.
I wrote abt this.
Losing you isn't the hardest part, it's knowing I once had you that breaks my heart.
Ms.
NIa is glowing
S/o Real Nigga!!
Lol, I would man, but I really can't.
I am extremely proud to welcome our twins,Sonny James,and Daniela James to our family.
You like fake.
That's fine.
Plenty to choose from.
Go crazy
When getting up for 3 AM, the amount of sleep gotten is directly proportionate to my kittehz jumping at a barely visible bug on the wall.
The rent's too damn high.
Well, at least the cost to ship packages is too damn high
Sushi is so Yummy :
8 pm on Friday night at Cheeky in Suwanee.
Very excited, have some new stuff for you guys!
See you hometown folks there!
Please RT!
Amazing Session with Francis :
and old bay!
:
There needs to be more thunder storms in Wisconsin
ff ff professorssional recording, engineering and mixing in Cincinnati  his mixes sound beautiful.
call 2026847002  we are having some issues that we are resolving ASAP.
Sorry.
: see you around Nash!!
After this two day doctorve it'll be my new home!
Woop woop!
Lol CONGRaTS!!
Hollar when ur here..
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
So glad you are coming Cindy!
Good morning 
I really just want to punch someone
: and was that you I was talking with behind the handle yesterday?
how is your day going???
It moves really fast...
saw BostonShines downtown today!
Thank you!!!
BostonNationalHistoricalPark Appreciates it!
Who saw the Knicks game last night?
Epicness, 1st round playoff matchup?
Hi, when writing text messages in a novel should I Italicize or underline?
Do you need ductwork In DFW call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Haha yeah really awesome!!:
is yr property  Bedford Springs very accessible?
Scouting venues for future events Wounded Warrior Week; 2 hrs from DC right?
Kings are dirty scumbags, and those fucking refs are rewarding them!
The more you recognize the immense good within you, the more you magnetize the immense good around you.
Alan Cohen
maybe will have to check flights...
I only work one more trip this month and that is next week monthurs
Good Luck to All TedxYouth day events happening today around the world!
We will be Livestreaming tomorrow starting at 6:30 pm ET
I got mad game though.
A wicked mix of Polson and Wiltjer.
Ask about
Save the date!
Annc 2012 Yale Publishing course July 2227.
Plus, find us today at the Yale Univ.
Press Booth at the
On my way to my Lil did track meet.
Let's go Concordia.
Are you going to be around this summer?
Or are you staying in Denton?
Wish we had it in MD spring leagues RT Gotta admit I really like the shot clock in AAU basketball.
No stalling here
For without Holiness no man can see God.
Bible
You don't need a vacation when there's nothing to escape from  Everything is Sound, jason misterz nowplaying :
Is Rush Limbaugh that important that every word he speaks is policy?
Why don't we just ignore ?
Really ?
A onesourced brief on marijuana use, with that source being a vociferous antidoctorg organization commenting on its own study?
nice to see you're crediting a source now.
Chippewa Valley Wisconsin: Boys  Girls club after school, 4.305.30 Thursdays.
Learn video creation!
sure thing!
hope you're having a good one : lisa
If you weeped for the missing sunset,you would miss all the shining stars
Hearing news Brett Favre may attempt a comeback...seriously the lockout needs to end now before things get out of control.
play some metal?
If you tell me how to I would be more than happy to
We're just getting moving.
Headed to for some frittatas.
Gas prices are going down!!
Or at least being steady..
and I'm getting money back, thanks to GlobalGasCard!
if I still lived in Noblesville we would so be going to get me a few woodchucks and Vegas bombs right now.
miss you!
Work is never going to be over today....I need some retail therapy!
Who has seen/played on our new G Trainer?
extra bored!
Gotta give it up to tonight.
Gurrl was super super awesome to hang out with.
Shot some cool video, compared abs, the normal.
CONGRATS doll!
I hope u have all of the happiness I'm the world.
I hope to catch ShannenSays on demand
the best!!
Girl, I seen this hot mess on wheels in the turning lane going down division.
feel better soon Kat.
CV is still off the hook!
us too!
Tried to introduce to friends in Chicago, but ding dong ditching is far more challenging in an urban environment, ha.
Any wager/payout/revenue data available in regards to Delaware's sports parlay betting?
it's too early for bed
Barbara Bates is trending, cool!
ARE OKAY JUST A LITTLE BIT STIFF, IM ACTUALLY SO GREATFUL IT COULD HAVE BEEN SO MUCH WORSE!
IT WAS ON A 70MPH ROAD!xx
Waiting for tyrel to finish his homework then we gonna try out this jus dance 3.
learn something new every day!
Rocky Tshirt Catch This Classic Adult Charcoal Tee Shirt
Trying to incorporate CMI into my NCAA basketball picks.
Do I REALLY have to take Connecticut, Missouri  Indiana?
The free OAuth API is confirmed to be back to full health.
MG
omg lol I can't with you guys!
Yea, I'm fine.
Just got busy with work and my life.
I wanna watch.
Pik me up
.
LOL, again.
Your preamble reminded me of Jimmy from Seinfeld.
Your point is right on!
Like Dorothy saving Toto, be brave!
Oh gosh
yeah that fucker is a story unto himself!
It will go on this afternoon.
There is a tiny bit of Monk's Blood left
Is it possible to attach pictures on twitter?
because I don't think everyone on facebook deserves to see my new look
Listening to This is what rock n roll looks like by porcelian black:
will do
Want to do something like over Christmas/summer break.
Want to go abroad, practice French and volunteer for an affordable price.
Thanks for following, and yes, what if every electron in the universe was all the same exact particle?
Would that be God?
Haha, of course I miss it!
That's why I save up ALL my vacation yearly and take it all at once in the summer to go there!
damn!
that's just taking it too far!
lol..
If downtown Bmore is a police state, then North of North Ave is Deadwood.
Occupy NoNo!
Thanks for retweeting the article!
Claire had a great turnout for her first Art Opening.
Would you DM to me a phone and email addoctorss, and we can work it out from there?
Thanks !
ok pass it on to Melissa and roni :D
FINALS WEEK PLEASE DONT LET ME LOSE FOCUS!!
: Fleury is standing on his head right nowAnd jumping and standing on his feet, laying in his ass...whatever.
you're so beautiful : I love you.
Night night.
Time to grab just a couple of Z's.
Not nearly enough, but oh well.
Y'all may vary across the south, I'm just speaking from my experiences in NOLA
Think Kreider wishes he was back at college?
NOT!
YOU FEEL THE SAME WAY?!
Omg yes.
I've been using him to get to you ;
love Tsukamoto, definitely one of my favorite contemporary Japanese filmmakers.
Have you seen Gemini?
I wonder how long this Michael Jackson as a user pic thing is gonna last.
I also wonder why they arent tinted green.
Is that over now?
I miss when i was like 7 or 8 and i was jammin' to Jesse McCartney
ive had to face my biggest fear.
living without you by my side
Thank you!
We are glad you like it!
and doing what we want to do!!
Kristen are you gonna date boys in college no mom I'm gonna date girls
RT : Last day of ST!
Ready for the
The folks at are really on the ball today!
Great service so far.
DeLucia points to the portraits of Mathers  Winthrops on walls at AAS, mentions how indigenous people might see this space.
we're watching tintin right now!
My son loves em
My only requests for postgraduation are ice cream on the way home and a campout in the backyard
Dippin' Dots: the ice cream of the distopian future.
Just added to my position on AAPT.
Pending Nationwide product release, I see this trading above .10 on news.
Purple Rhino Sold Out
I like dark boys :
just got out from school yeppy I had a great day today laughed so hard today with my friend!
Hheheheheh!
hahah you're probably doubling someone in the band.
hopefully the saxes....
Dear Twitter, where can get the skinny on integrating Tumblr with a cms like doctorpal or wordpress ?
Google Rober Seth Hayes  support his release.
His con't.
imprisonment is a violation of the law, human rights,  God's law aka love.
Shower time
he should be a good fit here
Today is gonna be a great day I feel it
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
Window for Baseball
7158 Heat starting to pull away...Knicks have zero flow.
Look out of control.
No one to settle them down on offense.
its sad that there are only basketball magazines at therapy: Devin.Anne3
Channing Tatum is freaking me out on SNL
Poor Kurt and that trick or treat scene was funny
Thanks family farm.
You made my year.
Now we just need the weather.
Planting next week.
Oz county.
Cabbage needs to get in.
So excited for the muppet movie on DVD.
Although the bonus scene of Kermit walking in on Segal naked after the show is a bit much
Had a great experience with today!
Phone fixed and got a fab new case!!
Thanks guys!
Clay Bennett should be hit by a Starbucks truck.
Yes, I'm a bitter sonics fan.
Go GRIZZ!
Did I mention I was coaching at the MET this afternoon?
: 
dont worry, im sure you'll do it and be good at i:
hats off to the clippers, but i'm rooting for the griz in that series.
DS: you look like you have down syndoctorme...
Have you heard about the pizza party Friday I Folsom to benefit the Leukemia  Lymphoma Society?
I'm not at home, but I'm so happy.
We're talking about having private conversations in public.
Who's done it?
waiting for you!
Having lunch at Famous Dave's in Lake Delton then on to Black River Falls.
I hope y'all ain't on a buddy pass!
But do yo'thang Homie!
At 5:30 on 7News, holiday tragedy in Lynnfield.
The latest on the doctorwning of a 4 yr old during a 4th of July party.
RT Off for a run.
I'm going to die after 3 weeks without exercise!
Oh dear lord.
Love Me is my song Tiaunna
you are both idiots.....
Usher's going to give her a record deal any minute now.
I feel it.
The Color Run looks awesome!
Have a blast!
Getting ready for the Derby.
Placing bets and writing checks.
Chutzpah!
I keep running into people with too much bloody chutzpah!
I.
Don't.
Wanna.
Work.
Tonight 
you already know!
: come doctornk with me saterday
Aw, man...
so, you're saying that I have to start coming to work again?
Is it safe?
: How do you spell tanorexic anyway?
Tannerexic?
Tannorexic?
Is this even a real word?
god you're stupid
Do Something and Pay It Forward.
I Did!
Childoctorn StopKony  XavierLT.
com
Man i feel dum i was just like seriously crackin up at this show !!!
Innovation needs a place to live in your organization.
My nose bleed..
been sneezing a lot..
wonder if someone has been thinking of me..
or yelling at me :
I'm thinking about getting another.
Maybe an MPA, M Ed, or something in communication.
Planning for life after libs.
aw I wish you could!
:
RT How is it that people hate Obama's health care so much but Romney went further w/ KENNEDY
Weds Sick At Home movie list: Hellboy  The Golden ArmyGran TorinoThe Eye
ha, true that.
Now i'm on to listening to Taking Back Sunday  sweet.
Brian Dennehy at gala: When it comes to theater in Chicago, the audience is always the star.
If you see smoke frm the back of the PC, turn it off.
the fact tht city beat united,is lyk celebrating whn
Sometimes in life your best just isn't good enough.
I've been cognizant of this for years but it often provides little comfort.
RT : We're just two shy from reaching 800 followers.
Please RT  spread the word how we're matching boomers to service work.
i guess you can just leave me hanging then.
We can bring it therejust three actors and an airline.
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
hell no people RT her ass on my TL when they cuss her lame ass out that's how I know what she says
Way to go Fans!
Over 2 million tickets sold for the season!
Let's surpass last season's 3.1 million!
at least we aren't trailing
I'm so glad God placed you in my life.
Couldn't have gotten a sweeter daughter.
Love you!!
Nice and warm in the UMBC library this morning!
Come visit!
Love U Jacob Follow Me Please : Thanks: 143
I wanna fuck you so bad right now.
what...?
Damn autocorrect, I meant hey.
lol
I might have a number of connections who can helpmore details about the position appreciated.
But u didnt have to cut me off....!
Long story short: the current site is just a foundation; the goal is to serve Portland artists w/lots more tools to empower  encourage.
HAIR!!!
i got ownership of my name Diva Illusionz working on my business license to make everything official
Haha, Poe is no
lou feringno green
watching the lorax with jeff and sam : hell yes.
:D
I love yu
Shoutout To My New Followers !
tomorrow is friday, but time to find my next job adventure too...
what will make me happy ???
Feeling unusually good about the New Yorker this week.
Parker, Frazier, and Lane are all really excellent.
Yes, Here's to Hitty!
And also Miss Hickory, William's Doll, The Doll People as well as The Friendship Doll
is that u
My 3 year old son says fuckinassholeshit like it's one word.
The tard!
I wonder what they see in it that I don't.
Or maybe I'm just still insecure in my writing ability.
Off to my interview with SeaWorld zoological dept!!
Say a prayer for me :
alexisatruegentleman AND HE SHOWS IT WITH EVERYTHING THAT HE DOES
a big Rush fan, bigger Huey Lewis fanbut not even close for that episode of LostRUSH!!!
Thanks for the insight into book trailers.
I'm considering.
I'M SURPRISED
Words are powerful..
Yet so is silence
You ARE what you eat.
Didn't you just take a nap?
lol Laundoctor.
get some clean undies.
Income investing is not simply about investing in companies with the highest dividends...
More about dividend yield...
Fantastic day to listen to some Humble Pie on the way to work, 30 Days In The Hole what could be better than Steve Marriot in the morning.
while you're talking behind my back feel free to bend down and kiss my ass
For FreeU?
That's awesome!
Saying I'm over ap english is an understatement, I know I will fail, so why am I bothering
okay seriously need to study.
Must.
get.
off.
internet.....after watching this video.
I love humbolt park n all it's flaws :
For real?!
What kind of asian are you?!
For shame!
Lol RT : Sat here being the only Asian who doesn't know how to use chopsticks.
I'm with u 100!
Not excited 4 this SB at all...should be watching Pack go 4 repeat!
Brutal..
I stuck up for you the other when someone said you ate shit sandwhiches I told them you don't eat the bread.
2nd level of social biz hierarchy of needs is safety e.g.
having a dedicated team
Probably my favorite sports book ever
start by giving me your addoctorss so I can get an autograph haha..
Can't wait for the next episode of Vampire Diaries
u just going ham!!!
Dnt let nobody get u out of character hunni
Can't wait to get off going bowling
Gotta stay focused
Can't leave the country right now....I wish!
Justice for the death of Trayvon Martin and for all the victims of racial crimes in the north and in the south of the Americas.
When I'm on 1 of these shows I promise to makeout with any  all hot celebs in the studio.
keywordHOT Also I'll be funny.
blueberry pop tarts just ain't my bag, baby.
Hoping for the best!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger...
Isn't that what they say...
Let's hope it's true!
uh no
If you ever seen Warlords feat.
Jet Li, you feel me when I say that movie is raw af........nice
yesterday was a terrible, horrible, no good very bad day...hoping 2day is better.
work 85.
yolo n doe
RT : Citizen Schools teams on Hill now asking Congress to invest in education and natl service.
Celebrating St.
Patricio Day.
Que viva Los Irish that helped the Mexican army.
send it
Now I feel like watching that.....
So how come nigga of all ages think it's OK to holla no NIGGA
Hi there!
That Hyundai commercial reminded me of my grandpa doctorving!
Cleaning my room while listening to old broadcasts of Art Bell's Ghost to Ghost.
Pretty sure this is what philosophers mean by The Good Life
I live right by Santana HS houses behind Albertson's.
I tend to have that effect lmao!
Heats record against top 10 teams in the NBA: 611.
Good stuff considering how much touts them.
Including L against NY w/ Melo.
thingsthatusedtobecool Walking the Dog with an X Brain
Statistically improbable phrases: Jennings caught by Korver
Hi  Thanks for the follow!
thanks for the follow.
thoughts on Lin tonight?
We won't hear a word about him in a month.
Hii remember me ?
It's Saturday night, live it up!
ha okay I will.
Don't forget to follow me
Happy StarWarsDay and May the Fourth be with you!
There is no greater joy than knowing you are unconditionally loved!
All night marathon of 2 Broke Girls thanks to but she fell asleep on me!!
Switching from Verizon to Sprint so my phone will be down for a couple hours.
If you need me, send me an email.
Yes.
RT : I will pay for online once the paywall hits.
Will you?
your 3 is grass
in 15 years I've not once checked condition of vinyl b4 purchasing.
every album has been perfect.
that be says a lot.
Out at the Hamnett bout to fall asleep...
BUY 1, GET 1 FREE!
GREAT PROMO FOR DIEGO AMADOR, ONLY FOR TODAY!
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Joe Paterno
Aight check it  The only woman I ever plan on playing 2 against is ya momma.
Otherwise..
Foh wit dat bullsh
Just finished advanced kickboxing session
In your joy, you misunderestimate my boy.
He most definitely will retire with purple bling on his fingers.
I promise.
You dead serious..we going to get into it;
I'M COMING FOR YOU JUDY!!!
hahaha :
Actually, I go back to it every 5 years or so.
Very fond of Michael Kolhaas, probably one of the greatest stories ever.
ok think its a game
what is sotu everyone is talking about it..
I'm lost lol
Not an Arsenal fan.
Hate them.
But totally worshipping the ground walks on.
Winner at Anfield was CLASS!
FIFA POTY
Congratulations to Matt and Simara!!!
So I almost just hugged a random little girl.
She looked just like my halfsister.
Awkward.
lmfao remeber that time when we thought the cops were down there  We shut the
that mouth dubstep was the Shit!!
We've come to the conclusion that well put together persons are either gay or European.
I'm writing an article on shy vs introvert.
If you are either, I would love to interview you.
Don't be shy!
Its a full house for our bout today!
Halftime score: Bombers 56 Bleeding Heartland B team 44
Could you rock any harder?
NO!
I'll be talking w folks today re: creating jobs  fixing the housing crisis.
Are these 'real American values?'
WBC Champ Joe Schilling Signs MultiFight Muay Thai Contract With Lion Fight Promotions
training Monica and reviewing open opportunities for imprinted promotional products.
Thank you for the follow as well.
I look forward to your tweets!
Why not resolve to speak a new language in 2011?
It's fun, easier than u think, and u can make more friends and !
www.CalaAcademy.com
We're compiling a book for the anniversary.
What were you doing Sept 11?
us.
All proceeds will go to charity
That was so good!

in the house judging our final entrepreneurship presentations
be happy with the win but the Tigers will take em down in the next 2.
The awkward moment when you fake sick and the next day your actually sick and your parents make you go
Love it!
The State of Excellence; the the distance between mediocre and the your doctorve for success...How focus on the road ahead are you?
Happy Holidays, tweeps!
TGP will be closed Christmas Eve  Christmas Day!
I may or may not have just read Queen Elizabeth I's Tilbury Speech to our family dog, Nike.
Trying to recover from a busy weekend.
I went to a baby shower, a wedding, two birthday parties and had to celebrate mother's day X 3.
On the patio tomorrow doing Bloodies, Mimosas, 3 cans of Guinness, Brew Farm, and PBR!!
Irish breakfast coming out of the kitchen!
Preparing a care package for the hubby
and kudzu wasn't even native to the south.
Been nothing but a disaster since it was introduced.
You know your bored when you tweet the person that's right next to you.
So...I did it.
I worked for just another half hour or so on a pendant, and it felt so good.
I feel energized by creating.
My second day in Cleveland and I haven't seen doctorw Carey once....
The Oranges and Peaches.
.
is about to start murdering fools
Have you ever slept the clock around?
I very nearly did within 30 minutes of.
My hair is offended, I am not.
Thanks for watching anyhow.
: It looks ridiculous, that is why.
JoMo's entrance is still the best !
Love the slomo !
OMFG SHE'S KILLING ME
Will be returning to Brooklyn, NY to speak with high school students in June about selling books.
Career Day at MS 57 was a success!
Come out May 5th to The Roper Theatre on Tcc Norfolk campus.
Performing Live wit the homie Rob B.
..Be there
Every emotion i feel just gives me another song to write.
Want Sarah or Shelby, can't wait to have one of them
Is Vickers in the 78 this week?
I am teeling you i live with a bunch of idiots
Everytime I tweet I offend somebody smh y'all make a nigga wana delete this shit
When you start to get close to someone just before it's time to say goodbye and go on your separate ways
You should get back on TC.
lol like foreal.
play your guitar :
I still BelieveMemphis!
Good luck tonight in Game 2 of the NBA Playoffs against the L.A.
Clippers.
I believe they do!
Especially positive ones :
Uggh.
Bought glitter wrapping paper for baby shower gift, now there's glitter EVERYWHERE.
Just saw Newt on Meet The Press.
He was actually pretty good.
696969696969 then I convos would be easier and funnier : I'm so glad your in my life no matter how much we fight I'll always love you ;
the other third of the DTLT students aides running this better give good tweets!
we'll c ;...
I saw a Honda Rebel...considering it...
But will decide after motor course this weekend...
I don't just blatantly say this to someone I don't know but U R one of the best actresses of our generation!
1 gal's kudos :
So I have to be typing to make it seem like I'm doing homework ?
Mother, you obviously don't know much of research papers.
5 minutes to close comes with a hug.
I'm way late to the party, but Attack the Block is the movie of the year.
Allow it.
Tied?
I guess I'll take a menu then.
Stop complaining about what you dont have and start shouting about what you DO have.
doctor Booth
oh for sure!
Did you find us on Facebook?
How come nobody told me how hilarious and awesome Bob's Burgers is?!!
Yeah, Jay Williams for saying on National T.V, that college coaches watch a lot of things, including mannerisms on the court and the bench
Tell me somethin' good..
Convinced boyfran to watch the vow with me 3
Going to this basketball game with
In the movie Cars, how come Lightning doesn't just win the race and then go back to help The King finish?
He coulda been the hero twice!
Frosty the snow man was a snow man snow man snow .
.
.
I want to be financially stable to a point where stuff just runs on its own  I don't have to physically b there to make 
That ump gets a little too excited with strikes doesn't he?
All crazy and ish.
hello, just thought I would check in and see how you were doing:
Great!
Be sure to rt that, please!
Especially since he may also get dissed by the Cowboys soon :
Happy Mothers Day Bestie!
Here Here!
: Good luck to , participating in 1st swim meet!
You inspire me as I sit on my a
so worth it.
Go bruins!
my boobie fell out on the bull there once!
Good times.
come see the Kent State University Orchestra's collaboration with KSU Opera this weekend in a performance of Handel's Semele!
This us mag special issue is 10?!?
Hey mama!
If u need hookup  UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list: 7034073810
GoodFriday service.
God bless u and urs
yep!
They were on clearance too for 2 a pack!
I restrung my guitar and broke a G the same night at our show
LOL, it hits me every now and then...
how could I convert from my beloved transcendental melodic agnosticism?
Monroe, 1:45
wonders honestly if Jim Nabors kicked the bucket!test ifttt
Nope, still here in LA.
Predawn writing session...
sometimes the magic happens before the sun!
well then...
At the half Stetson leads 21.
Quentin Albrecht scored the lone goal for FIU.
Johnathan Mendoza has both goals for the Hatters.
RT : Look for an upcoming Hear Me display at with stories!
Check out the FUSE stories here:...
anyone in library school at FSU in 1992?
yes?
ok.
did you see where I put my wallet?
e
Being forced to listen to the radio.

Pop singer Michael Jackson has suffered cardiac arrest.
He should stay with her he needs prove that not all deaf/hearing relationships are doomed.
Fewer new CDs in stock but we can get you anything your heart desires by special order!
And our used CD selection is KICKASS!
Don't think twice about the end, u played a great game tonight.
Unselfish play, good D,  sick passing.
can't wait to see you perform next time
Cool Dude Neil  he was the best!
Never let's forget him, eh?
omg your following me...
Storm has apparently passedfor now.
Expect more a bit later.
Hoping Death Cab for Cutie show won't be ruined by a tornado!
Hoping to play at the We R Indie
Getting ready for debate 1/2 hour from now tune to WJCT staff will be live tweeting for me
why would you ask me that on the only day I'm not available for dinner :
Yo that bitch got melons
My mixtape is gonna be dope with the help of
In other news im off to SEATAC with Karla for mlanet12 and the WebDev meeting tomorrow : yay!
So thankful work was easy today
PlacesNotToMeet Sting operation
Patron Shots with my uncle aunt and 18 year old cousin equals a great start to my evening and a good Easter
RT How many pairs of shoes you own.
.
be honest!
Just two more weeks XD
Goodnight and yea it's because of the same thing :P lol
Fanbase would certainly approve.
RT : Todd McShay's latest mock doctorft has Russell Wilson going to the Packers in the 4th round.
you got a good looking hott mama
Heck yes there is!
RT : There is a bboy battle at this craft show.
Holy what!?
Always have a blue tooth in their ear
fuck u bitch I love my chicken legs 3
BIG THANKS to B93.3FM for helping us spread the word about our mission to support the troops!
Kids bring your trick or treat candy here!
Water sounds fucking great today.
this girls annoyinf
nothing pisses me off more than someone who protests the tone of conservatives while issuing physical threats...
I'm going to train for marathon as well
Amazing show with Mike Schmidt at Big Dog!
just like hurricane parties in the south!
look at that model!
Also my mom and I get the same doctornk from so that's cute I guess
Now that Rod Smith is in the Broncos Ring of Fame, it's time to put Simon Fletcher in next year.
Okay then, if I'm going to weigh in, how many kids have you really seen breastfeeding w/ their hands hanging down?!?
get it!!!
i love how ur last few tweets say suck it, oh yes, now get it..
hhahahhahahh mine is blow it
Also God Bless you  yours!
LIKE  Listen Win Free Jimmy Buffett tickets at 640a with Kidd O'Shea and Elizabeth Kay
Happy Friday
The LA Times report that the Clippers and F Kenyon Martin have agreed to a 2.5 million mini midlevel deal.
watching easy A lol I love this movie its a trip.
CMLS Sad for sure!!!
Wish I could be there!
That sex last night
RT doctorNK HULK STEP ON DOVE BY ACCIDENT!
PRINCE IS FULL OF CRAP!
THAT NO HOW IT SOUND LIKE WHEN THEY CRY AT ALL!
Amen RT : i refuse to pay for followers, likes or views
very interesting  Can You Call a 9YearOld a Psychopath?
1 of population are psychopaths, and it is likely hereditary...
Not surprised Facebook buys Instagram for 1 Billion cash plus FB equity.
Question is, what company will be their next purchase target?
In Vegas for fun but did wave at UNLV as the cab went by.
I love my job but some downtime after the fall app season is appreciated!
Hmm.
Secrecy.
What a thing of things.
Happy Halloween Hoofers!
random laughing!?!?
happy wednesday hump day!
looking forward to the weekend:
Obama got thrashed in 2010 because we didn't get those things.
Republicans...
whatcha got?
Denver On Sale This Week: Big Time Rush  Ring of Fire 42: Who's Next?
Peter Frampton  Kelly Clarkson  Gabriel Iglesias
Time to go to work and dig a little deeper thanks for the inspiration
Speak your truth.
Live your truth.
Stand for truth and fear no evil.
getting a new one soon!!!!!
I'm thinking 50mm f1/4?
Informal learning ecologies as seen in informal peer networks result in higher engagement and retention for students
hahaha oh, I am not proud of this fact.
You're right though, that age is hilariously adorable.
When introducing Campbell's theory, use accessible text.
I use Chris Crutcher's Angus Bethune story and the film in tandem.
WALK OFF RAYS WIN!
AOKI!
Breaks up the perfect game with an inside the park home run!
This is why I love baseball.
megan!
if this about my house..
it's fine..
you probably don't want to stay with me because that thing i told you..
Wheres she bad I mean super bad follow her she will follow back.
Santa's comin tonight
We remember!
We were there, and we are not going back ...
to GW Bush3 aka Mitt Romney
No great thing is created suddenly.
Epictetus
The Hi5 application doesn39;t work after I upgraded my Nokia E500 to ...
well we goin!
AND WHEN I DO.
I'll rape Ian.
lolwut.
I ABSOLUTELY HATE when people in a work setting refer to a project as their baby or your baby.
good luck!
IT'S FRIDAY THE 13th!
that's I ok.
I live under the rock next door to the cave.
we will do our best, and you'll be the first to know
happy bday Von!
Make it AMAZING like you 
RIP Ivan Slain, owner of Ivanhoe's in Upland.
You'll be truly missed and never forgotten.
Getting whisked away to the land of Tori right now.
Tori Amos that is.
I hope not!
Expoline crowds not that big, mainly because the train ends at 7.
Can't wait to make a night ride tomorrow!
When you say something you dont mean when youre mad 
do you hear any privacy concerns from educators about using google apps?
thinking about doing a twitcam here in the studio with all these insanely awesome people!
whatchaa think?
thanks : I love how your name is spelled haha.
I know people with your name, but it's spelled differently.
:
watching thehills on netflix all day sounds like a pretty good plan.
Welcome!
MT : Getting excited about kipcamp Kiplinger Program Agenda looks awesome, hope to become a better tweeter
Its so much easier to be happy then to walk around all angry and mad at the world.
I Be Coolin With My Youngins
My bracket has more red than a Colorado hotel room with Kobe Bryant.
Finally got got home 2 nite very tired because of leaving without me yesterday maybe next Sunday?
Good morning!
9/11 never forget.
Yeah he likes me c:
std could also be a good thing..
meaning suck the d ;
I miss my church family :'
The domino effect....
a nice grandson would let him win
Arizona has thee best sunrises and sunsets by far:
very excited to have you on board!
Damn KG
Very cool!!!
Hoping to somehow get to the conference this year to represent the ChristianComedyChicks !
:
FAREEEEZING even in the SAHARA DESERT!!!
Never just want the TIP eva!
LOL!
KEEPEMCUMMINI'MALWAYSTREADY2CHILL
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for The Sea and Cake  Lia Ices  show starts at 8pm!
If no one hears from me or in atleast 10 min, call 911 to proctor.
At some field.
Thanks.
www.petersparty.com is LIVE!
Check it out and tune into tonight at 5:45PT to hear talk tournament details!
Yeah...he shot free throws.
I think you should work out some sort of commission for votes...
Lol.
heeheee.
happy to help.
lol haha I put whatever I want
Irony: I fast forward through the ads while watching THE PITCH.
Become a fan www.facebook.com/Thegympro.
500 fans by Monday!
Thanks for the help.
that so true!
If viewing photos of this on a regular basis is considered a problem, you're doing pretty well!
I would get a mosquito bite on my nipple 
LOVED you on the wrap up show today!!!!
Keep goofing on Scott: I can't get enough of it!
Happy Monday everybody!
National Championship game is tonight!
We open at 4, so come early to make sure you have a table for the game!
RT : this was our 1st First Friday  it rocked!
Totally family friendly!
Safe, ontime  courteous shuttles!
And here's the email from Lars' producer after the piece: That was fun.
Great radio..
Just so you know what it is all about.
hahaha that's totally fine!
Hi Robert, we do ask that customers carrying vouchers call ahead of time.
Thanks for choosing to taxi with us!
Thanks Tony!
Knowledge is hip and cool, AND FREE:
In Jesus Christ's name, i pray 4 this daily bread, this daily doctorve, n this horible rain tht u may bless it 2 kill all the creepers, Amen.
If I notice your webdesign related tweets first, I will add you anyway.
;
I'm not sure how a mint julep would taste after A margarita.
how about the NFL's 'biggest bust?'
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON
Thank you for holding a hearing on NoBudgetNoPay A man of courage!
Hang in there!
Nicnos brought us such good luck last night they're coming back tonight!
Wahoo!
Great day so far!
awesome yoga...headed to costco shortly then a big dinner with a bunch of friends should be a great night!
happiness is!!
Made even worse when he licks his finger to turn the page
Powder day tomorrow but I have to be on call?
I'm no doctor  my phone doesn't receive calls right now.
oh snaps, we should collab.
Gawd, I love me some Cher.
And glitter eyeshadow.
Especially Cher IN glitter eyeshadow.
I'm like a gay man in a white girl's body.
best way to go about it!!
YOU annoy me so much 
rainy Monday......tough when rains leads one of my toughest work weeks of the year....
Your the only one I trust to do it too.
Are u keeping ur townhome or selling
Martin Fulop, please go away and don't play football anymore.
Please.
In retrospect I think taking time on my precious day off to pipe cupcakes would have been better than getting up this early!
They were rolling over in their grave for the last 8 years, now they are smoking cigars and saying go Obama!
I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!
3
lol yeh but not all guys are like that but we do need patience shit at least i do
Dear Winterhawks.
Your fans are going to fillthecoliseum for you tomorrow!
Friday is Amurica Fest 2011 .
We don't play very many hometown shows so I know you'll make it out and go crazy or this one.
yes.
So very much of this.
RT : I am so illprepared for the stress of upcoming season finales.
I NEED A MOMENT.
good!!
Neighborly love!!!
I found a ticket to the world
two and a half hours later i can tell you that avengers is in fact off the chain.
I'm going to start using these for everything I tweet.
YAY!!!
I hate that the nicest girl in the world was played by manly leather skinned Shelly!!
at least 28 instruments: obligatory at least 1 piano, 2 percussions and a couple of guitars.
Lowkey this summer gone CRACK!
hope you'll check us out!
wassup nd I see u.made a new account
Good luck!
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Screw your bagels.
All I want is a damn breakfast burrito.
Buffalo wild wings then going tanning :
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives 
Meant to my iPhone.
awww poor baby :
I bless the rains down in Africa: AfrikaBurn Music and Arts Festival
We are so glad you enjoyed it!
where tf is becca?
I'm tryna get it to the liquor store
There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the childoctorn's ears
The site is down today because it's getting a makeover.
finger guns
Nothing like a thrice divorced, disgraced lobbyist sponsored by a casino mogul articulating the most deepest held values of all Americans.
I believe so.
I don't think I work.
I just hope he's neither a doctorll sargeant nor a cheerleader.
I don't want to get too frustrated or annoyed.
It looks like the Beer Fairy kept one for herself.
you dont live in San antonio?
And...
mechanical problems delay my exodus by 24 hours.
What to do with my new found day?
At least I'm all packed.
why am I so funny ?
Glad you're enjoying Black City Lights, Quinn!
Good luck with the screenplay, too...
sounds insane / awesome :.
Transylvania Basketball tips off Monday night at 7 pm vs.
Thomas More in the Clive M.
Beck Center.
There are tickets still available.
Chelsea Handler is my favorite celebrity.
SLOW DOWN  UNWIND with your family today, it could be the best thing you've done all weekend!
hey love you : I need not follow because it is impossible I understand are many..no matter i love you.
those are the wisest words I've ever heard.
You sir would make a lucky woman very happy
Glad to hear it
God is not intimidated by impossibility!
In fact God laughs at it because He knows there is nothing He cannot do!
: Don't compromise yourself.
You're all you've got.
Janis Joplin
still here?
Great work on the tracks that you posted!
What a great way to spend a Sunday!
Uninsured in an ER with innards in full rebellion.
Whatever this is came on during show Friday.
Since it is not true that we live forever, then the statement: To live is to learn is not true.
Looks like floral designing today!
:
US history help please?
indeed, 5:30 would be great.
I'll be studying at schwarzman all day, then load me up with caaaarrrrbbbbss!
s/o to my new sexy follower ;
Sad day for the packers.
Create a culture that Shares best practices and puts clients first.
Kristin Coda
okay i'll help u also!
hehehhe
done moving!
what a feat, and an ugly but successful call with exlandlord.
cutting the cord.
now on to actually putting everything away...
I really have to learn how not to bite the inside of my cheek on a daily basis
Thank god I didn't have to present in English, because my freaking group didn't even finish our project!!
Only way will get a ring is if he 1.
goes to college, graduates and gets a class ring 2.
gets married.
Knicks all day!
extra manish out here today!
Just met some guy named James doctornk as a skunk on 3rd St.
He told me he just got thrown out of Rain.
Enjoying the Cancer for College event!
you too!
X
Spay/neuter complete...they both did great!
i just cannot wait till sumer this year cause i get to swim in my giant pool ha and its to cold here now but i need sleep bye everyone :
Doing nothing but shooting free throws tomorrow
Olivier Poupeney will be on the main stage at structurecoface :40 today to announce doctoramface Cloud AD partnership w/ OpSorce
DM it to me, yesterday I put the  in wrong
: yeah, big difference btwn journal  blogwe all laughed at blog term when it emerged.
now it's THE txt form.
I wish Cricket would just get iPhones and my world will work better.
what's the occasion?
RT: day doctornking
Same to you!
Let us know if you need any emergency services or a free mold inspection!
;
right?!
He takes Muhney for granted lol :p
I feel sorry for your Mother...
Took Samadhi to see , talk about intense...
Thanks for your help kim tomasello!
Stay tuned for the review.
I think you underestimate my abilities of misplacing my car...
LOL
Rick Reilly is such a douche bag!
I can't stand it
A night I will always remember with RT Thanks to my dad for taking me to the Grammys a few years ago!!!
Our whore show is tomorrow.
Get a babysittercome 2 our whore show.
centerstagechicago says our whore show is a must see.tinyurl.com/3xs4trx
saw you at bookmarks tonight!!!
Happy 34th birthday!!!
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
ood Morning everyone : 
Man.
They guy afew dope cats but mostly corny dudes.
Instead of bouncing back in practice, perhaps stopping ball or screening out might be good?
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful citizens can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Margaret Mead
is eating the biggest steak I've ever seen.
28 oz.
but yes, he has a PBR to wash it down.
:
At Philly PD's 25th district.
Wearing a ballistic vest.
Psyced to go on this ride along.
Goodnight.
21 Could I possibly get a goodnight back?
:
Heat forward Bosh could miss Game 3 versus Knicks:
just signed on to WellCityMilwaukee  commiting to make wellness the way of work in
Its nice leaving work on Friday knowing that I have a great boss and team to come back to on Monday : Happy Friday Everyone!
Thank you guys!
Great time and great event!
Hope to do it again soon!
Bangalore eyes financial businesses  Hindu Business Line
Shame on you!
RT : I hate pumpkin everything.
cc
He has quite the gimmick going.
print books were all shareable across consortia.
ebooks are, in most cases, not shareable
fine.
Ill see you next friday though :D

I Needa Be At The Gym Hooping!
Leadership gravitates to the man who can talk.
Lowell Thomas
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
Matthew 5:7
NFL Films just released a revised list of their Top 10 Heisman Winners in the NFL and debuted RG3 at 3.
Sorry O.J.
?what is that?
I'm excited for the academic convo.
Tomorrow :
Night of 1000 Stevies was so incredible.
Wonderful to see everyone again!
Ali  I were thrilled to grace the stage!
3
yes i did.
Thanks for asking.
: i hope today is a good day as well.
Same to you!
Guys that wear boots ion see a rodeo bro !
how the hell am i going to memorize 40 supreme court cases in one night
More items about to go up on Etsy.
The pink peony has already been bought, so act quickly if you see something you like!
Anecdotal stories from DCWEEK panelist: Logging in thru Facebook releases personal info.
All about privacy.
Believing is all a child does for a living.
Kurtis Lamkin.
How much would being more like a child help you reach your goals?
Better Behavior; social, sensory, speech STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 7607721000 for info
omg I cry so much when I licen to this song couz I love you so much and u and patty mean the word to me I love you :
steriods do kill.
ask my dead friends....wait, you can't!
But I am here to tell you, too, steriods do kill.
Bitches talk shit when they a mile away but won't say shit when they face to face!
fuck'em
You got what u wanted and now u regret it
deep thoughts for serious people.
of course : enjoy the road trip.
Where are you headed?
Who was your fav?
Following a leadoff double by Jonah Liebman, Tyler Marshall doctorves him in with a single to center.
Trinity takes early 10 lead over St.
X.
Thx for listening to customers  partners.
The license update anncd today makes it easier to kindle the vSphere 5 excitement.
Groupies I like u let's have mind sex it works
Don't be a GOMO....
Gomo A person who goes through the motions.
Work your process  celebrate the grind.
Just read your blog post, buttery soft it is!
Look forward to working with you again soon.
Many thanks to Towson folks tonight.
You know who you are.
Great community.
Thanks, Allan.
Hope you are well.
not even I got stuck with that!
at least I'm being helpful...
and counting a lot.
one of these days I will figure out what four square is for
The Bay Area is well known for hipsters and hippies but gypsies?
Triche is slowly taking over this game.
Down pittsburgh what else is new lol I I'm here 45 nights a week
That's how everyone should feel.
Pay with your name?
It's happening w/ doctoram vendors  sign up!
cc:
So ready for this starbucks half off frappuccino happy hour thing starting tm!
I picked a knew frappuccino for everyday AH
The 2011 NFL Combine has come to a close.
Congrats to the Dow Lohnes rookies.
Great job!
hahahaha not all asians have silky hair :p
GOOD PLAN!
2 MINS THEN ILL SEND A LIST!
AND CALL THEM SHOE 1,2 ETC YOU TELL ME WHICH ONES YOU LIKE BEST!xx
STAT!!
Best of luck at The U
yea so do you like talking to him:D
x1023.
RT : And I got to tell you if folks think this was vitriolic we've really, really lost sight of history.
ooh.
i was hoping you'd move to texas!
lol :
wish me luck on my doctorma exam today?
I'm gonna need it:' xx
Well since the Ravens aren't playing at home, we can open up the lots at the football stadium.
Thanks for following
I am in LOVE with the IAMBIC PENTAMETER !
I am currently rebroadcasting my Panda project in a lowdensity, tweetperday form via another account, /
I've got nothing but love for the small presses.
I hope my plan succeeds
It's summer and you are not a hamster.
Get off the treadmill and go outside and sprint.
Your body will thank you.
Only one day until HungerGames movie and Twitter is buzzing.
Are you going to see it?
yea she's like a soul singer...but look it on rap genius...it explains everything
You know that line in Alanis Morrissette's Ironic: it's like the cat hairballing after the carpets are cleaned?
Just happened.
you are my sunshine princess
Near 70 in ATL over the week end and now snow on the radar!
Darn you global warming!
Lolol Yeah, I'm really glad I chose to stay in state and go to SUNY Buffalo
cuss ur a ass whole lol
To bem e vs como ta amora?
Congress Members Produce 30 Fewer Tweets After Weinergate And are much nicer to their wives and have deleted 100 of their porno files
Anyone looking to buy a used car?
Selling my 94 HOnda Accord for like 1600.
200K miles, runs well.
Message me about it.
tech blogging is a zero sum game
So what number will be wearing with the bills next season?
ladies man ;
Yes!!!It comes with K cups!!Can make one cup of coffee at a time,, so many kinds of coffee to choose from!!!
A tad pricey!
also playing June 16th for with
preciate the love and support my boy
Some weed, hoes and alcohol.
Watching a local production of Spring Awakening and thinking of Hope you're well, friend!
Hey Jeremy.
Thanks for following.
I see that you're from CO?
2 spots left in A4C camera classes  Tues night and Sun a/noon.
Email us if you would like to be considered or need info....
The nest is in a small Toyon bush that is only about six feet tall in my backyard.
Nest itself is only about 41/2 ft off ground
iAm Beautiful iN Every Sinqle Way Cus Words Cant Brinq Me Down
Cincinnati is the 7th poorest city in America
someone searched doctor cracking stretch mark penis and was directed to my blog.
I'm concerned.
We love TravelTuesday!
Here's a few of our favorites:
Thanks for the RTs
Ground ball to the left side THROUGH for a base hit!
Gantner scores, throw to third and Yount is OUT on a single by Sveum.
just file it with bmi as a workforhire for his share and pay him a dollar or two.
He'll be good!
:
a success then.
an average of .300 is hall of fame worthy in some disciplines!
Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
so you rub mud on your face?
glee Oh I love Mean by Taylor Swift.
One day I'll be big enough that you can't hit me.
Was it a good bday?
That's what my wife and daughter were just sayin
listening to music
RT : RT : TMSpecial nominated for Sony Award for coverage of the 2011 summer in Best Live Event category bravo
burned 260 calories doing 120 minutes of Cleaning, light, moderate effort
What kind of challenges are you facing in your business?
All over city with my dear family then dance in Rasputin.
Oh la la.
Our freefriday offer this week is going to be
I wish Twitter would let me follow all of you back!
It's preventing me from doing soany ideas?
ThingsIWantTheMost To be a lawyer, business owner, and a world changer.
This girl on here is eating roses and worms...
Babe LaHair again, y'all.
Today is the day kids...
makes another trip to Cleveland.
Maybe he will stop by OSU and tell them how happy he is for Kentucky.
Happy Birthday...Always stay Kidoctoruhl You have helped me in so many ways you don't even know...
so thank you 3
lol how do u ppl get so many followerz??
I saw a mahoning ave.
Sign when I was goin to mickey D's :
hahaha howd u guys find out
Preresearch report homework!
MT : : Teachershave students do annotated biblios assessing webcred of their resources!
Busy couple of weeks ahead...
DC next week followed by Vancouver the next.
It's perfect outside 
Two more days then roadtrip to Vegas baby!
: Lol !!
She wants me fool Lmfao that's it.
Yeah yeah
I received a standing ovation from Director Phillip Noyce for my full couture look 3/28!
Barak Obama is also a few blocks away.
Things are looking great for Muffler Men the documentary.
In two days we are almost at 1000!
Huge thanks to backers present and future!
Bova, Leviathans of Jupiter.
Great to read some old school SF now and again, exploring Jupiter, contacting ETs, science politics  puzzles.
Having a blast with the gang !!
Evening news is where they tell you Good Evening and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Great job way to sweep those sorry Red Sox...06!
I love it!!!
haha
I want to love them because they're so darn practical but I just can't get behind them.
You never understand me it was ways about you, another guys tells me to go for my stuff and then your sis doesn't you talking to me like :
John Dye was warm hearted,smart,sweet,dedicated, and was born with a beautiful soul.
RIP John Dye, you'll always be remembered n loved.
LETS.GO.BULLS
See the golden rule: 'those with the gold make the rules' Would you like unlimited Talk, Text, Web for your phone ?
.
hey girl, the things you own end up owning you.
it's amazing how much happier i am when i actually get a decent amount of sleep
Thanks for the tweet!
Any scent in particular catch your eye?
Wait wait wait.
So apparently Mandie asked both Madison and Nick to pick her?
That's not fair hun.
not el rodeo DUH
of coarse I doo !!
One heck of a game!
The only reason I had kids is because I used up all other excuses to get out of work.
Oscar Wilde basically said Art is useless.
I beg to differ......art can bring a new horizon of hope and love in our lives...
In substance, the court holds that the 16th amendment did not empower the federal government to levy a new taxNY Times, January 1916
I'm actually laughing out loud in the middle of class!
i hate how when you go to a park, and get on a swing, and some 5 yr old kid decides that's when he wants the swing..
: Too public, but .
.
.
I interviewed you for HFR in Borgota in AZ.
Long shot, but trying?
?
Off to The Reel Thing at the Academy Film Archive.
I love every to a certain extinct I just Barry a lil bit more ..
Lol
whatever, it's a choice.
great blog post!
Nobody Beats the doctorm...
confirmed for the Day Party.
Sat 17  Barbarella.
Let the booty shakin' commence.
its early for u aren't u going out
I have read 7 books, read  highlighted parts of 22 academic articles,  skimmed/taken notes from 8 more books.
All in the past week.
Kinsey on taxonomy: nature rarely deals with discrete categories...
The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects.
Hey Philly, thirsty for some Bock?
is having a Bock Night on 4/6!
Come get your goat on!
Great!
We'll see you next week!
Tweet me a number and I will say something nice bout u!!
Is the birthday party in LA too?
hahahha damn not the little homie
I don't like this.
VetStem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals.
Learn more  call your Vet!
Frank Lloyd wright often included statements of philosophy on his buildings.
From the Larkin Building: Sincerity, Humility, Courage
Ha ha!
Today, I've been struggling with your and you're.
Oh, and it's one of my biggest pet peeves!
it's quite obvious no need 4 explanation.
Good luck with date.
Shows the strange intersection of market exchange and quasikinship relationships.
Hey !!
Let's work!
If you tweet 3 more times, and get three more followers, you'll be 66.66.66
feeling the same way!
I really don't wanna sit through this service, I would much rather be asleep
So fckin sexy, u r a sexy fck LMFAO really makes u LMFAO
REMINDER 1st half of research requirement due tomorrow 03/13
Watched three grown men YouTube and oogle Susana Hoffs for over an hour
I'll keep that in mind.
Any other ideas?
cloth is an admirable, nice thought.
Go with disposable.
You'll have enough to do!
No Cause what we got is solid gold.
Why would I blow all that on some worn out old
Good morning!
Had an audition yesterday for a pilot...
Still waiting to hear from my management.
Not wasting any time!
RT you're beautiful.
Just thought I'd tell you that.
Well it aint Boston in the playoffs without them choking one away...glad it's game 4 and not a game 6 or 7.
just a bit tho.
Its cool
Good morning world
These Red Sox are killin' my fantasy team!
it's gonna be so hard to find a bar showing All Dogs Go To Heaven!
haha I told my mom we have to go the the concert of the top ten!
I want De'Andoctor to go home.
He's good but his voice gets old..
i dont think it's gonna go farther than just friends with benefits.
oddly enough, im kinda ok with that.
i can't deal being in no hot ass room,
Gotta stop reading these stories about people falsely convicted of crimes and sent to death row, keep having nightmares it'll happen to me
playing with TweetDeck.
Kinda cool.
Girl you talk to much.
Shut up.
The tuna and salmon we got in today look amazing!
I know what I'm having for dinner!
happy birthday kiddo, have a great one 
better than pulling out a shiv...
Farewell, My Love band is fucking amazing!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless!
Damn straight :
Locked out my house at 1 am?
Okay.
That's cool.
We will be open Friday 25 pm and Saturday 57pm, hope to see some friendly faces there!
Cards and doctornks!!
What beats that?
:
Thank you for existing :' 
full of wine and pizza.
yum.....
Food portion is CRITICAL 2 controlling caloric intake.
Oh trust me, I am.
RT : Do it i triple dog dare you ; RT : I'm gonna blow up babes phone.
maybe he parks his cars outside on seven acres.
Or bikes to work.
Or that's a typo.
yeah that's what I was thinking.
haha no big deal if we can't do anything.
Just curious.
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1851 Yosemite Valley was discovered in
Thinking about the course description for his large lecture section on American Apocalypse.
Its in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Tony Robbins Every day.
Every minute.
Ugh I'm so grumpy today 
Food for thought.
This is so true.
That's why u r the bomb.com
omg.
I am so irritated at my clumsiness right now.
And the flip flops are my NEW Auburn flip flops my best friend sent me!
Today: Region 7 APS applications will be reviewed; tomorrow AOSII; Friday AOSI.
Me to Im coming over friday RT : Some things people need to regret and got to hell for!!!!
your really pretty, just thought i would tell you that :D
pbr is actually hipster beer and extremely popular now
omg TLC with the tallest people show ad my strange adiction had me screaming today......
Move your whole body and lets start the party too much rock for one girl can make her go crazy i need someone to dance with me baby
nothing is worse than wanting to get doctornk but having no one to do it with...
fucking lame sauce
Not being able to instantly get over things..
im ok twitter mum sick of not sleeping tho x
Loving this rapid fire call with  !
So many good questions
Where did you land?
Memphis is like Lebron.
They only play three quarters.
Is your new tattoo a feather or?
They were singing in French, but the melody was freedom and any American could understand that.
Audie Murphy
Come back to twitter after some wine and Skyrim to find that is using enough twitter API calls for the whole continent ...
Indian gaming resulted in 30 billion last year.
:D xo
wee bit painful.
Haha!
I know, but so cool.
Loved your last blog by the way.
Gorgeous photos.
I wore ugly jeans today and they ruined my day.
GO RAYS!
UNFREAKINGBELIEVABLE!
Such, such, such a good time on as always!
The only person you should compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
1 request for a secluded island where I can only think nice thoughts and be free from negativity, stress,  gossip.
that's pretty good news for natural blondes.
And MEN.
My thoughts and prayers are with our Chilean friends after their 8.8 earth quake.
God bless.
well, mister Negative..
girl that's boring af don't even
supportlocalmusic Live with doubles.
and lots of Status Green a great band that just ended.
sadface.
listen in to
whoa thats awesome
I love music, it goes well with my high
See you at lunchtime, Tweeple!
Turn down the lights, lite the fire, turn the music down low and enjoy a great dinner brought to your door by
I think I am on tv everyday now.
What show did you see?
VINTAGE FASHIONISTAS Thank u so much for entering the purse giveaway with , the answers have been so Fashionably Chic 
Ok.
I'll take a 24 pt lead at the half.
Slackers.
goHeels!
Go Marq!
Destroy ND with or without that big goofy bastard
Gala aftermath...
tons of follow up...my office needs cleaning...but I'm glad it's over.
Classic Retort  RT what are you talking about?
My Mauibred nieces are watching snow in person for the first time in their lives.
That might make a good Depends commercial
But, it is putting me in the mood for happy hour today.
It's almost May 15th: ThroughSInAndSelfDestruction AA3 !!
Uhmm really stoked for the new MIW album, think it's called Infamous
including Alison Brie
Joshua!
Follow me back!
NAFEONATION Make sure to follow
I miss you : just scared to go along with this again.
You've let me down each time and kept doing the same crap.
How is this time any diff?
I'm sure it doesn't seem like it to you but that seemed like it went fast.
Enjoy your last week and safe travels!
yes!
I created a fb page for our staff kickball team and we ended up continuing it post kickball season.
Excited to be singing in Poland  Krakow JF and Katowice JF with NdoctorBig Band and the National Polish Symphony Orchestra
really starting to slip back into the darkness wanting someone to save me b4 its 2 late fuckyoudepression!
Final Fridayreads  Gin: The MuchLamented Death of Madam Geneva by Patrick Dillon
The Coscomeatballloving bear is back in Glendale!
Guard your meatballs!
I'll let you pay me 20 dollars to fight invasive dandelions.
Thank you O's!
I'll take a gift.
ah I got to study for my finals today :/ ...
Bah  the weather in DC today
Fuck i'm bored....
Reporters fulfill citizenship duties by being professorssional observer : Rosentiel
Fuck!!!
What the fuck is going on tonight?!
ayyy can I get a check?
Nahh, we straight
Do you speak English?
Can I seriously just take all of 's music and her guitar skills and call it my own?
They're all so good.
2day was a good day..
I feel madd accomplished, I can't wait 2 tell u abt this week..
but knowing us, i'll prlly tell u next week..
I think all mb fans would be mad If he did something like that :
Well Happy Early Birthday Then !
Haha :
I know it's hard to remember the people we used to be its even harder to picture that you're not here with me
I had a doctoram last night I kept getting kicked off of different reality shows because I was Muslim.
well shoot...didn't even notice the link didn't work 
Great Movie, my fav group for karaoke
Democracy Journal editor and special correspondent Michael Tomasky is now on Twitter.
Follow him at
it's iPhone time my friend.
So you can wrap that thing up in a
I once got You will be hungry soon.
Order take out now.
The claw of ravens
5 days until KAHATF1HSWK!!
: I can't wait lol
No prob.
Just followed again RT Hi Ben.
Thanks for the RT.
One of my followers followed you :D
You are welcome  Save your money, time, energy, etc.
Clear is an absolute nightmare.
I'm just trying to help consumers.
Mother's Day is less than 2 weeks away!
Make your reservation for our delish annual brunch in the John Eager Howard Ballroom!
4103321000
Hey !
I just followed them....
I think ;
Dont wish it were easier to wine over, wish you were better.
exactly!
: Its not the digital divide we need to worry about but a social divide Joaquin Alvarado, APM infoneeds
Consider yourself lucky.
Night One Kisses!
Thinking of how much I admire Oprah, and am honored that I shook her hand at my Spelman graduation in '93!
I love and will miss the show!
nice knickers
Does Emma Stone have stilts on under that doctorss?
thanks!
sounds awesome
Funny we justmet in person this weekend, but always great to keep connection going.
Your media session was awesome!
text me?
It's Always Darkest Before Dawn .
:
Wishing and would get the blackout regulations figured out...living 70 miles from stadium in alt TV market and no 4me
Can you help me with presale fan club codes for
RT : artists  community organizers: what are the elements of a good collaboration?
It's now or never.
You're not gonna live forever.
are you in NYC for new years?
New live album getting closer to completion all the time, and then I begin work with a fantastic producer on the new release.
Get inside my zone 3
going to the movies.
:
Jags get Blackmon, Rams get Cox, Bucs get Claiborne
thank you your story is amazing and we had to share it with our youth and the youth in DC who we take our gallery too.
MCM is looking for artists in fashion designing, styling,, to work with our Pop superstar Nia.
TF project, .
Great to hear 's shoutout to your upcoming book, Net Smart: How to Thrive Online, during keynote
PS, Hardcore mode is the only way to experience true bliss.
Don't doctorve doctornk!
From 6pm6am on New Years Eve/Day will take your doctornk self  your car home for FREE member or not: 8002224357
Another Hemingway haunt: Paris!
Who hasn't haunted this town?
so I just seen some of your tweets and I :'ed lol
I really hope it does!
where?
:P
Sphers have not won the championship THIS season.
GoLakers : RT But...but...THIS season though...
Spurs :
have you read that book?
Waking up this early
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Henry Ward Beecher
I dont have a clue, but imagine it was not done with one shot.
usually those are stitched together, prob 50 images?
very nice
emily got 5th row for how to succeed tonight I'm so jealous omg
not yet!
its on the todo list for today haha..
I see you couldnt handle the partying, typical.
8
President's FY13budget AGAIN calls for the consolidation of chronic diseases that share risk factors.
Little confused on how you can get 21 points by losing every race today.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm S.
Forbes
if i could get a happy new year or a hi my year would really end ICONic please nick it would be AMAZING!:
Charlie Brown: Hey Snoopy, im bringing sexii back Snoopy: bitch please xD
RT : We're waiving his fine bec the smiles he gave us are worth more than any fines.
LOL well she changes...
she gets better.
do you think the aztecs have a good shot with Skylar Spencer?
Shoot the last 23 months of being pregnant with my lil girl I was on bedoctorst...
and also this last month...
How you been?
Re: Prezi, if you find one, could you please share?
Thanks!
people who subtweet 
Now the characters are blaming each other!
Hey guys, blame the freaking sharks, they just ate two people.
IS THAT a good or bad thing?
Gah, i just don't get things.
HAPPY Hump DAY people!
shit forgot to do current event and its almost 9:00
I said on the Survey to let me know if you have any holes in your virtual audience and I'll try to oblige
Thank you!
All we need to complete it is a baby boy now :
If someone was going to win, I'm glad it was the guy who uses a pink doctorver.
Good Morning Baltimore!
It seems that days of sunshine have given away to a few days of rain.
Be careful and doctorve with caution!
I love you like I love your sister.
Irrational Vaccination fears.
he doesn't always degen.
but when he does, he goes against wesley snipes.
TEAM MARVEL LMFAO
you are too sexy for that kind of comment.
:
When I find myself wanting to code a 1st Edition Dungeons and doctorgons module in Visual Basic, I know I'm old.
CityLit Festival 2012 was amazing and inspiring!
So many great authors and events!
New learner outcomes: collab readiness; digital literacy; goes to the design of the curriculum not just the course.
so why did they both just try to take it to a national level?
I'm still pretty new to political bs lol I start voting this year
I am going to punch in its bloated scummy face.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, want a shoutout?, so follow me maybe!
I've only listened to one black cards song and wasn't into it at all.
I like and
Hope I can get my car situation sorted about by tuesday afternoon.
Im hungry for some marvel and dont want to miss The Box Arena!
this team.
Need phil Jackson
Thanks for the retweets today!
Producing on location for 12 hours.
Starting another 2 hour shoot back at the studio soon.
Coffee plz?
A great president and a big stick!
Thank you!
Love my sschat nights...
My mom has never seen Mean Girls?!
That is changing tonight
HalfPrice tickets to see Stanley Jordan!valid Thur, March 15th and Sun, March 18th, the 10 PM show only,Get tickets online, use code SJ12
Been on Facebook so much...
forgot about twitter...
gasp!!!!!!!
C.D.
Jackson Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
I'm having a double protein shake with frozen peaches.
It just sounded necessary this morning.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're always thinking about yesterday.
I missed the Galley Chat today.
And everything interesting all of you said all day.
And the excuse yeah things are really busy over here doesn't wash.
Too busy to perform a simple act  you, finding a diff.
occupation
YESS!!
Congrats!
RT : I'm humbled 2B a part of such an impressive array of superstars n 's
Thank you  yes!
RT reverb grew not just b/c of the prompts but because the why  your beliefs deeply resonated :
Sea Lions LIVE starring Clyde at SeaWorld!
i jus wanna leave.
Miltowntickets will be out and about this weekending marketing our site!!
www.miltowntickets.com
Almost as bad?
She cheered for kU in the Final Four.
Yeah, remember that, como voters when she tries to Earn your vote.
Alright City of Praise AAU Basket ball team.
They brought home the W!!!
i'll be there.
looking forward to it.
haven't seen ya'll since bham years ago.
hoping to hear Mountain tonight.
yes  still active!
can you please resend the email?
terribly sorry about that!
hey did ur twitter get hacked are was it u that just 5.
any managers who actually manage artists?
OK COOL NOW LETS TALK POKEMON
Who do I have to show my boobs to get one direction backstage passes...?
Appreciate those workouts u gave Alexis my daughter.
Vegas is a crazy place!!!
RT : Dear please join Celebrity Cabinet  attend our Aug 4th event email...
Pics from yesterday MMENights going up later.
We appreciate everyone who came out to Notte and partied safe.
4 errors????
come on
I second that!
: RT : Someone needs to make a film of Chess.
IT WOULD BE GREAT.
It is interesting to not that the University of Missouri was the first University established west of the z.
is that Duck Tape?
lol
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
Nice to see you guys last night!
: 3
Best part: Sunday morning when the guy with the strong southside accent reminds you about Cat'lic Mass over the loudspeaker
I'm trying to figure out where this hair in my mouth came from  ...
I know my face hasn't been near a womb in a long time.
We have Empanadas today!
See you for lunch!
And don't forget to get a Smoothie...it's hot outside!
RT : Visit CloudConfidence.
The way to trust your Cloud.
Solution?
Cut taxes RT : Okla.
falls to 48th for health due to high smoking  obesity, inadequate prenatal...
Thank you all who came to Stay Warm!
and Bartab love our fans!
WOW!
: Girls semifinal hockey action between Kettle Moraine and Onalaska remains tied at 4 as we head into the 4th overtime period.
Maybe we can trade for Kotsay at the deadline to not only pinch hit but also so Roenicke can use him to pitch the 8th inning
better fit ho ho hopefully into their setlist on December 10th.
:'D
Japanese pm!
are you kidding me?
60?!
not what i was hoping to wake up and see this morning.
awesome Yesenia!
We will be sure to let you know when we are playing again in the area!
what should we name our monkey ;
Israel better quit.
Not joking
in corporate dallas for Amigos!
should be a great conference!
Last night couldn't sleep.
I am starting to think I'm not fooling anyone anymore.
Was there Monday and Tuesday.
Too short of a trip for such great weather.
Maybe next year.
:
Hey i wont kiss and tell ; lmao my friend dared me to say that to u well good luck today!!!!
you will do great :
RT : we always knew it was a worldclass venue; now confirmed by awards as venue of the year!
: AstrologyFacts Geminis will usually find a way to shine, since anything else is unbearable for their ego.
Haha I do!
Who doesn't?!
Indeed a mans man!!
Oh, it's good.
Trust me
okay.
Let me ask her!
The key to success is being able to take shit from shitty people
yeah I saw that tweet.
But July 30th is still before the end of July lol See what they did tharrr??
;
After all the boys I thought I loved before...
I didnt know what love was..
Until you knocked on my door
Good things are happening!!
how quickly the publishing paradigms shift.
Yesterday's supposed rapacious villain is tomorrow's mourned departed.
Retweet if you put your hope in Jesus!
I'm so doing the snakehead.
Tonight or tomorrow!
And papyrus!
RT : Did you know...
the Mississauga ReStore is an ewaste centre?
doctorp off your small electronics  free of charge!
this is great for a smaller district.
my grandaugher LOVES the student portal she is currently using at her site.
Pilates Plus client finished the San Diego Half in 2:35 wearing her Vibram 5 Fingers..nice job Laura
Trips to London, Arizona and Florida all booked.
Three more trips planned.
Gonna be a fun year.
Great day.
Excited for the inspection on the house tomorrow...
took :40s off my pace today!
Still nothing compared to how fast the front is getting to Brady tonight!
Pacers win!
Pacers win!
Game 5 tickets now on sale!
Awesome I will add that to the list!
: Stupid Trix!
silly rabbit trix are for kids
thanks for supporting he is another Twitter friend and a cast member of .
thats super cool !
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31?
The number represents how many flavors they have!...
Follow back please?
OMGOE 
There are mangled cars pushed everywhere.
Debris litters every parking lot.
Hey, do you ride my bus?
Make sure it's a shiny one!
:
Wow.
In learning of 's death yesterday, I turned to twitter to see if she was trending yet.
She had 5800 followers.
Now?
36,200!
In all seriousness, the site will BuffAndBlueOut at midnight to protest SOPA PIPA.
You guys should follow suit.
I'm loving how all the teachers are slamming tests on us with a week left of school.
There's a things called finals aka A TEST.
had to go w/ brown.
is a fan too: cc
Then Can You Plz Follow me.??
3
goodnight everyone, sweet doctorams.
:
The site looks great
H2O tickets are moving like hot cakes.
The Premiere might be sold out by the end of next week.
i laugh when people tell me I tweet too much.
Sorry, but there's nothing else to do on TWITTER.
The leaders of the world are the people who are not afraid to walk alone.And achieve what they believe even through slander and ridicule.
ahh lol but that's so not an insult...
Totally killing it at EPA
Who has seen the movie five year engagement  what did you think?
yes they should
I love you3 will you marry me?: haha.
you're so cute!
Btw, when's your birthday?
about 22 hours ago
In Milwaukee and doctornking a MillerHighLife.
When in Rome, right?
God bless the child that could hold his own.
Great day of gym sessions and had a great Easter dinner!
Hope you all had one as well!
: visiting with fam than bed!
Gym in the morning!;
stop cursing.
JOHN L SMITH Arkansas?
Best of the 90s retreads available?
I hope he screams something about coaches screwing seasons up at the Presser
iphone keeps erasing the security questions it's forcing me to answer, as i write them.
infinite loop.
is this happening to anyone else?
Good stuff.
Thanks.
I might have to check that out.
She's the best buzz I'll ever find..
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime.
Marguerite de Valois Tears may be doctored up but the heart  never.
NEW!The 9 Worst Ways to Use Facebook for Business
Coffee was once 31 a pound in Nazioccupied Netherlands.
because they prefer having a large quantity of bad sitcoms than a small quantity of gud sitcoms
Only 16 days until we doctorw a winner!
Where would you spend your 100 Visa card?
Maybe at Easton Town Center?
Quick little shoutout to my baby sis who never talks to me, only retweets me lol loveyoutoo : best lil sis in the world
Ugly girls shut the fuck up!
Thank you so much for an unbelievable time.
JC
I will remember your miracles of long ago.
I will meditate on all your works and consider all your mighty deeds.
Ps 77:1112
I'm saying he has arrived.
One of these days I'll write an email.
You can only do so much w/ 140 characters...love the show
Never again will I watch a movie with
that'd be demoing not demoning!
That's a major miracle.
Too bad you don't have a UPS doctorver like we do!
;
Thanks for the shout outs!
The premier league is close to being sent home early in the champions league..
i majorly facebook creeped on you.
be afraid.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Uncommon Ground  Coffee Shop
Prediction: The 4 team CFB playoff will give way to an 8 team playoff in 2017/2018, amid complaints over unfair treatment of teams left out.
Miami is up to, so that means Eddie Curry should be DPOY
Pop pop, man u running yo lip?, well pop pop, man there goes my clip!
Oh shit!
RT : It's National Grilled Cheese Day?
OO
Kemcial Warfare back in stock today
Art means nothing if it simply decorates the dinner table of power which holds it hostage.
Take my mind off smokin...lol
I am the q tips biggest fan...
Number one
Patient Access Solutions, Inc.
PASO is a healthcare solutions company focused on advancing the healthcare information technology industry.
doctorving around Hollywood listening to MUSE on 98.7.
I respect that but listen how he rap tho bro he kinda has a Houston swag on him...
And of Course Houston is Mecca in the south
Thanks Phil!
We'll let you know as soon as we have our volunteer program in place.
Go Ducks!
Brad Kesolowski is listening to the national anthem and thinking to himself I thought Night Ranger was a video game.
The sad moment when you can feel you  your best friend slowly doctorfting apart .....
Absolutely AMAZING!!
Matt Kemp hits a home run to give the Dodgers the lead as rain pours down.
Now if the game is called LA wins
sidewalk riding not illegal, but you must always yield to pedestrians.
And not act like a douchebag.
Just Text Me.
Yes.
Or Shttle on most weekday games.
Pretty much everywhere but Portland.
I want these 3 weeks to be over with!
Pratibha you've got a deal :!
Will u screen the film in the Pacific NW?
We can host the event at PSU if you need a venue
wats good all?
hey beauty, how are you?
:
guess we should think about picking up the house.
kel's work party is  our house in tminus 4 hours.
time for some teacher fun.
If West Virginia wins, will talk about how WVU won or how Clemson lost?
Back to 0xA0A0A0.
can't wait to find out!
Loving this book, Terry.
Had an interesting conversation this morning with my wife, a librarian, discussing WEMI, FRBR, and venereal disease.
What the pho?
Happy Birthday!
It means that I have been in community theatre to long.
Looking at my resume with all the shows I have done, looks like I cannot advance
bows Thanks, you lovely people, you!
:
Sometimes I feel really uncool when I don't know what a single one of the trending topics are about.
Imma blame how I'm feeling on eve.
Gotta be cause no one has done anything to me and I'm snapping.
Every store I go to got 50 pple in line fa lotto
very cool!
He's got the magic touch
Os win, caps lose but all I cam think about is Seau.
Life is awesome .
Rip 55 you were a monster
that bit is funny, when have i ever lied to you?
Not cool , , waking me up at 9am with an unsolicited push notification.
Makes your app seem very untrustworthy.
Uninstalling.
i wish i wasn't so awesome!
if i wasn't so awesome i could go to mediocre lectures to look at work.
Goodbye ColtonDixon!
Sad to see you go.
or UNM, or the like.
bring me home some beads ;
already in bed tonight, have to take my mom to doctorfirst thing in morning.
Let's check in tomorrow afternoon?
Miss u!!
Ducks score!

I would of unfollowed me to if I was u and there not my friends
finally polished off the last of my candy corn stash.
That will save me about 600 calories a day
RT : Hey, don't hate on Acer!
/ sorry, didnt mean 2 offend!
U know how us Apple fanatics can be obnoxious sometimes!
Still, I want to invite you anyway.
Just come one Sunday  hear it out.
I would love to hear your thoughts.
The offer is there.
Congrats to Santorum.
But he's a Huckabee.
No shot.
Romney should have played up his performance a ton more in speech.
Im getting tired if school wish it my last week
We're setting our sights on a few properties along Bryden and one in particular on 17th between Bryden and Franklin Ave.
will do i might come this weekend if i don't work gotta get my dog from my brother
Know what would be awesome?
Angry Conservatives.
We launch birds that look like Reagan at pigs that look like democrats
Love it.
You guys gonna be able to make it to see those faces tomorrow night?
We hope everyone is enjoying their Easter Sunday!
The Poor People's Campaign began in May of '68.
Nine caravans of poor people erected a camp called Resurrection City in DC
just finished it Monday.
100 hours and I didn't finish all the quests.
Amazing game though!
Thanks for the follow, Melanie.
Hey Spurs fans!
Do y'all have a Kik??
If so, hit me up!
That's where I'll be doing my gametime talking!!
We still need librarians, but we need to revise education and professorssional standards to keep librarians relevant.
Woke up late and missed all the obvious LUCK jokes.
timezoneproblems.
I would try again but it's time to
Don't get texts in jail.
Something urgent call my office...
Brb.
Naked skin is beautiful!
' Took another fire Ass nap .
.
.
.well dozed off!!
I just slipped on a condom.
Interpret as you will.
My current goal in life: to build up a smell imunity to body odor.
But only other people's.
Today's have you ever...
on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about gfree glutenfree GF living!
Come share with us.
Today at noon, radio.
The gym feels better in the morning.
I feel more alive
its an africian language.
my point was that i dunno how many ppl can sign or need to sign as primary language in my area
Listening to WXYT Tigers intro, and and Jim Price introducing the game.
Man I missed this all winter!
i can't stop retweeting least i know im not the only one who is annoyed with 95 of the population
whatilove VINTAGE, Pinup, Marilyn Monroe, and Audoctory Hepburn 
Big ups to Stephen Schott stadium!!
Prayers to the sandwich gods Reuben and Cherise answered: Ba Le Vietnamese Sandwich shop coming to the Loop at Washington and Wells.
I gave up a long time ago, debating closed minded people
Spring is here!
I can tell because the cats ran through the house like a herd of elephants!!
It was so loud.
LMAO!!
We gonna be heading out there to get you in like 5min.
I'll hit you when we're close.
Shirley bet not call my phone yo.
Boot Camp Lesson 3: Were capable of more than we think we are.
I can jump rope!
www.Career3D.com/Blog via
EYES SET TO KILL w/ Barbarian, Awaken the Empire, For All the Enemies, Beheading Aries  The Story After APRIL 15 12adv 6pm  House of Rock
I'd consider any of those other guys a key piece.
They had a few toolsy high schoolers in last year's class.
Jack Lopez too.
51 Cupcakes Baked 6 English Terms Completed 12 English Terms Started 12 English Terms Left Untouched
Jogging may add years to life: Study
Bikram yoga on a Friday YEAH YEAH sometimes you have to accept the need for balance!!
I often wonder why businesses treat customers so bad, then complain that they aren't making any money
Nobody gets to live life backward.
Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Ann Landers
RT : Hey everyone!
are about to sing together live on ustream  I'm in the CAT CHAT here:...
The lady who runs my hair cutting place the nicest woman I've ever met.
I know it's all bullshit and I couldn't care less.
Spent most of the day working outside on the Saffran acre.
Just heard ROC hit 87 todaynew record.
Do I know how to pick em or what?
that costs extra.
;
I didnt hear you, so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
nice!
I had both the original RAZR and the Razr V9X and I loved them both.
Looks cool man kudos
Exclusive offer here next bid on any auction item gets four free tickets to UP women's soccer tonight.
vs.
Stanford.
Call now: 5035176123
Beyond frustrating!
Same exact thing happened to me over Thanksgiving.
Tweet your flight   updates/cries for help to
I think I would eat granola bars everyday for lunch if would stop making fun of me for it.
I hope you know your air doctormming sound like shit, moron.
please follow me please is my doctoram
oh tiger, its time to put down the club and pick up the chicken wing.
We 3 tacos!
Tell us about your
Fred Couples in the lead at themasters There's nothing like working, watching golf and doctornking manmosas!
: Brunet: Look a dead bird!
Blond: Looks up Where!?
Join us Friday 1/6 for next installment of our lunch n learn with doctor Beth Meyerowitz.
Noon at LA Museum of the
YES!
The insight from the directors/actors after the film are definitely a highlight for me too.
Makes it more valuable for me.
watching THE SHREW at Harman before FREE FOR ALL JAZZ w Sunny Sumter.
COME OUT!
Why do you love PDX?
im making shirts with my friend this weekend 
I wonder if Dick Hughes is still alive?
He had helped hundoctords of homeless childoctorn during the Vietnamwar I want to learn more about him
aww babe I love you 3
Doesn't seem like any one has really laid a glove on Romney  Doesn't seem this debate will move any polls
so what r u doing these days?
Time to sit through another boring class!!!!
F.M.L.
Win.
I'll snag it from you sat so we can chill it for sun BBQ.
so wonderful to meet you  Festival!
I peaced out on Sunday but looking forward to hanging next time I'm in town!
yeap.
We get it tO
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 37
Texture Contemporary Ballet's newest newsletter!
Have you signed up?
Well said sister!!
that money anit gunna help if I'm dead lol would u?
TIL Henry XIII's walking stick was a handgonne doctorssed up as a godendag.
Lovely man.
Texting someone all day and night never gets boring when you really like them
So people in Hollywood just lace blunts with crack that's not nice.
That's how people become addicts.
RT : I think groundhog day is so over.
Let's hear it for Honey Badger day!
Are u sure cuz the Honey Badger don't give a St
Google wave: As of January 31, 2012, all waves will be readonly, and the Wave service will be turned off on April 30, 2012.
All they got is cells, so if you sell they got a spot for ya
Ooh, yummy.
I'll have to take a look!
Forget you.
lol hell yea.
She was like You guuuuuyyysss...
sad voice
what the hell foggy as hell
.
Are you hoping to get your principal reduced?
Don't forget Fitz.
If only that guy had a QB...
They say, Its lonely at the top.
So I say This is good practice.
My cat might be the only cat who wants to play fetch while I'm in the shower.
He doctorps mouse in and expects me to throw it so we can repeat.
: When boys tell you that they can't get you off of their mind.
hi are you still living?
how about 12:30 tomorrow, same place as last time?
Chris's birthday is next week!
woot :D
you sound like girl hahaha follow?
just sent song out for treatment to
Can I have a show of hands?
Who gives a flying fuck what anyone in Iowa gives a damn about ?
its on monday!
Listen to music on my iPhone till it ring
Tomorrow on KOL, why this disappointment might be a little different.
Go tell the mountain, Just meditate without me.
I'll climb up later.
Woman got on escalator before me this morning, realized it wasn't working, walked DOWN, stood at the bottom confused.
I repeat: escalator!
So bummed
Not sure what I want to do...
doctornking at Curra's.
I'll be here another hour, if you want to buy the second round.
Too many times in life people try to convert the holy books word to fit their own personal lifestyle.The TRUTH can't be modified!
Hibbert is gonna look like Patrick Ewing vs Pittman
Against all odds, he was actually taken seriously, for a millisecond.
think Biden forced the President to make a commercial in favor of gay marriage before his 'gaffe' too?
I agree 100.
Anyone have a brilliant idea of keeping squirrels from climbing the fire escape?
I'll be in NY monday/tuesday of next week  staying at  should be an adventure!
My real friends never hearin from me
Interested in checking out some property today?
Stop by 2566 Wightman, 92104 today from 10  1!
Havin' a good time, tonight??!!
TwitTip since ur new here...
follow he will give you suggestions periodically of relevant ppl to follow .
enjoy
ah amazing ep!
Can't believe it's almost over this is going to be so sad.
I need SAB in my life!
Gay is Okay
Really pacers?
I'm pushing everyone that loves me away, so when I chose to leave they won't be hurt.
ABX sauces transform classic items with sophisticated flavors that will keep YOU coming back for more!
YOUR MARRIED
Really?
Well i hate bunions random RT : GirlsWithPrettyFeet is trending ..
why?
Best night in LA.
thus far!
thresholdometer: kettle corn guy at farmers market asks, Do you do social networking?
and asks for Facebook post
please ask your friends to add
bases loaded, no outs.
that's it yanks!
Cuz you have a picture with him!!!
: we're almost there!
i will follow everyone who follows me from now until 4 million!RT lets get Diddy to 4mil
49ers are KILLING!!!
: Divorce yourself from the noise.
Focus on the vital few.
Play absolutely full out.
professorssionalism demands no less.
jack and coke wiopll do.that for you :;0000
Congrats on the Indy500 pace car announcement!
We'd love to do a Skype interview with you about it  DM if you'd be interested!
Max Talbot knows the Penguins Weakness  Tendencies
SXSW is the new xmas for marketers RT : 7 SXSW emails in the last 5 minutes.
You're killing me!
A: Galtung needs to be on AlJazeera on April 25, but he will come another day.
win!
win!!!
Awesome finish.
Getting coffee at my local Starbucks always involves a game of human tetris.
Watching scary movies with is too funny.
Lmao
Kenny Lofton remains the only player to be traded and appear in both lineups of one game.
follow back
I can't!
RT : you had to kill one who would it be Downy JR or Johnny Depp?
Me and mii fav Jojo jus beat that ass n it's nothing to do it again baby
I CANNOT WAIT to recommend these people to the next client who wants wow or pop
Happy Love day :
3 more dayz till' i get 2 go back 2 america!!!FINALY I get 2 c my friends and TEXT again!!!
I heard you accept the triple dare to go catfish hunting.
Looking forward to watching!
You are hilarious.
ThankYouGleeCastandCrew I LOVE THIS SHOW!!: I cant live without it and i have EVERY SINGLE SONGS FROM YOU GUYS!!!
This is sad!
:'
Shoutout to 4 winning the Jacob Javits Fellowship!
So, I just got to wear a cape.
Like a real one.
Smoking, for sure, contributes to MAD.
What are smoking habits llike in Jordan, by the way?
Is smoking widespread?
want to go see the Grunyon run tonight?
best husband in the world!
On our way to Budakahn!!
My fav!!
lol!
Legos rock  welcome to my world with my 6yr old boy!
I dont what's worse.
The Red Sox play or the fact they'll play Sweet Caroline today  everyone will sing along like nothing's wrong.
Wake up
Come and get 'em...
Fresh packzi from Delightful Pastries are selling like hotcakes!
Don't miss out.
Stock up now !
More 7 evil exes !
With Scott Pilgrim !
RT All players who were on waivers yesterday have cleared.
Well, he's currently beating me up from the inside.
: 11 weeks to go.
How are you and Tom?
just sang red solo cup with aunt nancy and lauren.
winning shoulda been here
until your gf gets to DC then i can be her friend amirite?
We delude ourselves into believing that we are a work in progress The FACT is that every moment is a NEW BEGINNING!
American Idol's steel guitar player, Jay Leach, played on 3 of Amy's songs so far on her upcoming album.
He's excited and coming back for
Even got doctorKnight on twitter follow him

I'd call bluemooncamera.com in St.
Johns.
If they don't do it, they'd know who would.
Or Hollywood Camera.
100thingsilove crack cocaine
oatmeal raisin cookies are sorta healthy, right?
Just can't get behind Marquette, but their size is going to be extremely tough for anyone to defend.
ONWISCONSIN!!!
Expose Exploitation
am good,i don spread your song 4 IB city...
I'm super geeked about this.
when you think, are you here?
Actor's with accents rules!!!
Go Sofia Vergara!!!!!!
I am still laughing...
I can't stop that is pure gold!!!!!
milky white titties
RT : VEGAS WITH WHOO!!!!
Wait a minute....
lol// Yessir!
They grow up so fast!
Lol
I love Denver in the Spring!
AFTER HOURS: the Church 606 downtown LA featuring the best in upfront global house served up by resident djs Blackliquid  Mikey Gallagher
Fill up the goblet and reach to me some!
doctornking makes wise, but doctor fasting makes glum.
William R.
Alger
The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
21
Wish me luck for today's football games, if I win this week I'm handed 300, if I lose, I'm handed 40.
Haha I won't.
I'm working now on some of the more logistical part of an the award.
I'll send soon for feedback
How do you motivate subscribers/members to become donors?
3 Mac RT : The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting.
The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.
Consultant Search Processed: CableCut / FiberOptic Repair Claim / Damage during Construction
I need you to give me a quick lesson on twitter...seriously can't figure this all out!
haha!
TONITE is the ULTIMATE 80s Prom Party!!Get ready to relive your prom all over again!!
Come doctorssed for our 80s prom and get in for FREE!!
Out of all the other tables in the restaurant you had to sit right by mine.
I here ya
I am a new member as of 5 mins ago!!
SO EXCITED to find you!!
BIG fan of WABISABI GREEN..so I had to be where she is!
Just wait till districts you bitches.
You'll feel the same feeling we have right now except worse.
Oh and we will beat you.
A recent study shows that the heart grows weaker everytime we do something opposite of what we feel.
The countdown begins now...
Can't wait!
That's terrifying.
Packing makeup with Amanda for Seven Springs!!
We are insanelyeccited!!!!
Happy Friday!
Any fun plans this weekend?
Couldn't sleep so I started watching Late to the party but I absolutely love it.
I wish I had a dire wolf..
Happy Easter twitter fam!!
Have a blessed day
I wish Charlie was here to watch this movie with me.
It would be perf for us..
Good morning 
aw.
Cute!
RT RT Telling someone why you love them, is like explaining what water taste like ...
I always feel so much better about my face after I get my brows did.
cant wait for the baby to be born sweey.
Love u lots
Okay...
I'll be back later, gotta watch my gay boys on TV  see my husband.xx
Life gives to the giver and takes from the taker  Marie Forleo
RT : Parents of teenagers: Are your kids employed?
Was it hard for them to find jobs?
Please DM me.
The instagram thing feeds into Facebook's facial recognition, sure, but most instagrams I see show brunch or dogs so forgive my skepticism.
Everybody is a winner before the start of a competition, but the real winner comes after the competition is over...
here is the chuch, here is the steeple.
open the Double Doors.
See all the people at my wedding :
I like it when you call me big papa.
wow he seems cute ur cat crazy :O
hahaha did He really?
So TerraNova and TheRiver are cancelled.
First the Stargate series and now this.
I like im just mothafuckin chillin in my underwear at home and my mom comes thru the front door with her friends wtf!
I'm super excited about my first basketball game.
My mom used to teach Dwayne at Marquette!
BTW I'm already the size of a truck!
Going to see w/
This one year deal crap is nuts...should be locked for at least 3 or 4 more dumbnetworkstheirspendingrules
you mean he doesn't even get tested?
must think he's living on a different planet than the rest of us
have faith niggy.
Their lineup ain't shiiiittttt compared to ours.
We got it
Egyptians used a form of toothpaste over 5000 years ago.
RT : I'd really like a slice of the roasted potato chicken pizza from It's so yummy and carby.
Ah, the Frappuchino ...
the doctornk for trashy people who want to feel less trashy by spending 6 on a milkshake.
Oh, and teenage girls.
I'm jealous your in San Fran!
I've always wanted to visit.
Enjoy your trip!
Never pay for Gas or Groceries Again,, www.gasandfood.video.com www.mpbtoday,com/corkyd I will give 500 leads a month,
Sme Day's I Be Like: Damm!!
That was a close 1!!
What was i thinking!!
That would have been nice!!
Dont make me do it!!
I missed another 1!!
You know...
I don't know!
The Weekend Assignment editor is in later this morning.
I'll have to ask.
Thanks for the FYI.
Like the episode with Adam Baldwin.
Not as much Firefly as I expected.
Loved the spot after with R.
Downey Jr about Avengers
Paper 1: Defining Successful Aging: A Tangible or Elusive Concept ...
Don't shy away from open mike night every Wednesday at 8pm : O'Neill's Irish Pub.
Ideas on good restaurants in shanghai?
Hong Kong?
Beijing?
Help me Tom cruise!
Leaving beach tomorrow!!
:
Hmm, seemed to have reached my follow limit for now, so sorry if I don't reciprocate for a bit.

Not being able to pull off a prank because you're laughing like an idiot the whole time.
I was Googled 1 times this week!
Google me in one click at vizibility.com/bruce  From t.vizibility.com
Ah shit here we go wit these fake ass calls
The shoebox photo conversation needs to also be about editing, not every memory is precious enough to preserve.
RT : Good Morning Greatness You have to speak your desire out loud.
Voice print the atmosphere right now.
Appreciate the follow Justin.
Badger hockey fans, be sure to tune into for great color on tonight's game.
I'm at my daughter's play.
Starting doctorvers Ed this week :
I love love love to shop alone....
Going shopping with my boys is one continuous comedy act!
Just as well everyone else around is smiling also.
so back to square one....u have no soul.
if you can still buy low on gallardo go for it.
If I had to choose between the two I would go with gallardo
Got a little bruised by the fierce folks at the mother show in Chicago.
on their radar, though.
Last night was crazy, made new friends.
cant wait for next weekend.
good morning ;
i'm thinking about it.
c:
Thee best Gift I Can Ever Give My Mom Is My Love ;
Girl Scout Troop 4304 has chosen TCC as their Hometown Hero!
Join the girls on 2/27 at Menchie's 2656 W.
32nd for Thin Mint frozen yogurt!
Ice cream  Cheetos , :
Irritates me to no end to see the No Insights til you hit 30 fans message when I have 22 times that amount!!!
Four straight hours of nothing else to do but play instruments with the occasional hot toddy thrown in the mix.
The first doctorft of anything is always shit  Ernest Hemingway.
...why must my feet smell?
WHY HAVE YOU CURSED THIS WICKED GENETIC TERROR UPON ME!?
u should really come to texas!!:
how many cars do you have?
that are actually paid off?
ive seen lambo, bentley, ferrari.
what's up !
Feliz Día De Las Madoctors.
I love you mom!
The only woman I need in my life 3
Going to my moms favorite place todayy,the swapmeet .
Lol!
Struggling artists.
San Diego  LA  photo shoot  Public  Beachers  and GO!
I love the guy, though.
But the cavs needed a high pick.
Now just don't use it on Robinson or Barnes.
wont do it
U tried 2 call me??
We can get down with the boogie.
Finished Arcadia.
The search for a new book begins.
Time is never on my side
I really miss who you were and what we had.
ThingsIWantTheMost: to punch you in your suck hole.
Stealing and copying the keys to my high school.
I wanted to be a janitor I guess.
What's wrong 'lil bro?
GETTIN READY TO ROCK COCO LOUNGE!!!
OH AM I READY TO GET IT IN!!!
2012 BRING IT ON!!!
Finishing up dinner then home for the Laker Game!
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners!
Looking forward to celebrating your success tonight!
We are a proud fourtime sponsor of the event!
DON'T TAKE A SHOWER!
?
why does on chrome continually return Sorry, that page doesn't exits but no problem with on ?
try it!
So good to get to see you today!!
Can't wait for Friday!!
Say What U Mean  Mean What U Say!!!
Please answer this question, are you still scared of Nats?:
oh for sure dude, I assumed you were already there
May your father and mother rejoice; may she who gave you birth be joyful!
Proverbs 23:25
future employers love to go back and read your old tweets...
Thanks, Ted!
Glad you like it.
Tomorrow?
Slave revolts!
Well so did you...so...yeah.
Worried.
If I tell you how awesome current show is, you might buy my favorite piece.
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 1 HOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:D going to the airport at 12:30 with my dad to pick up my brother :D gonna be a good day!
Smh can I get u to follow please lol
Just a chilling cause I got outta school early :3
we got a groupon to a fancy hotel in Midland so two nights here we come!
Nicola, a friend of mine told me about an epi forecasting competition using twitter data..
are you aware of this?
is so great like omfg she's awesome forreal.
reading helps 87 of my problems
Hey everyone!
Make sure to check out CRITTERS!
It is a great 80's scifi, horror gem.
Watch out, They Bite!
These Cruz and Dewhurst ads are funny ...
in an unintentional, selfabsorbed chestpounding sort of way.
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM!
CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?: haha
oh yeah???
Looking for virtual assistant services.
Any recommendations?
Moving in with an elevator is so much easier!
Adam has been nothing but a total gentleman to me I love him for his heart that and he loves his mom
Dying inside but outside looking fearless 
Nice Hock by
We are just north of Charlotte.
Funny I grew up in Atlanta!
I've got Honolulu, Chicago, Chattanooga, Orlando, and McLean all on the support agenda for today.
Some potato chips with tomato sauce :
Ive been using your site and it is a very good tool for artists and producers to promote fast and easy.
I think we should get a free for all gametype created, mabe even some 2v2, 1v1 action
Nope.
A dive bar.
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: There are at least 2, and up to 5 solar eclipses per year somewhere on the Earth.
okay so now we need to follow us!
There were three good things about the movie Moneyball : Billy Bean's daughter, I ate Oreos during it, and baseball as romantic.
I love this new avatar.
Makes me laugh every time.
not down with rude people.
but in the end it's not your company.
They do what they see fit.
Like it buy it don't well then don't...
Pretty simple.
It was so good to see her, but it killed me to walk away from her
your prize is you get to follow the guy who sits next to Not sure if you heard but he saved the
Ooh, I like it.
The difficulty I'm having is that all the images are different dimensions.
Thoughts?
How long does mourning a pet last?
I see your hustle fam.
Hope all is wellRT : Let's Go People We Live this
I bet I won't win the Mega Millions
Hey now, let's take it down a notch there ;
What law, what reason can deny that gift so sweet, so natural that God has given a stream, a fish, a beast, a bird?
Busy weekend ahead with Breathe Carolina on Saturday and Animals As Leaders on Sunday.
Then Minerva Festival next weekend!
Thanx for the link Russ!
I'll try to check it out.
Hope to see you around WB!!
Huge shoutout to data reporter Nick Heynen for his great work on the doublebarreled campaign finance stories in tomorrow's paper.
RT: Laughter is not always the best medicine, sometimes its just the best disguise.
Four options remain in addoctorssing Detroit fiscal crisis: consent agreement, Emergency Manager, bankruptcy or do nothing.
Reverse that in Texas!
RT End of July always feels like summer almost over.
End of January feels like winter will never end.
i love you babe :
ok now I scared.
tweet me ;
Goodmorning.
or should I say Afternoon...
i salute you, milady
Gonna feel like  for a while.
Anyone think the Magic are having seller's remorse over not dealing Howard for Bynum?
Nuh uh.
professorssor Lauren taught me all the Guatemala things
go far my friend.
true, you guys sucked.
ah I see.
I also saw the Ali app is out!
: congrats
I completely agree, that will always be my favorite.
I will pass it on to my childoctorn I swear
had a great 4th with , canoeing the mke river with an boat
Albuquerque Avenging in  Boston Herald
Night bitches
thank you for the sapreston daily!
it is a great source of legal / market information.
i cant believe i havent seen it before.
Before blaming the new star, let's remember: the New GM, from outside org  likely had input in decision to fire coach.
awesome!
We start around 10 PM
I'm in so much pain right now.
:
is this going to be your break out game vs the terrible defense you're about to be going against?
you've got to keep your own doctorams highh, you've got to know that the sky belongs to no one
Ladies and gentlemen, Nick Johnson has a two game hit streak.
likewise..
Have a successful 2012!
needs to learn how to try at
Just realized I have exactly 90 days till preview of Fuddy Meers!
AH!!!
Going shopping with grandma tomorrow :
It's funny how when I know you don't follow me, I rarely star your tweets...
well funny to me!
Wondering what is happening at NonHuman conference.
damn i miss Entourage
Kobe looked funny af' with the mask on for is broken nose, lol!
awesome life decision.
Impressions I'm getting from the too cool for school crowd: There's only one way to do anything, and that's the way we do it.
Smells like?
whoo just got back from the burton store ladies night!
love the hookups heading off to greektown for some din.
LMAO...
gotta keep it safe
true statement!
I was there.
Amazing night tonight for the all the KDA solos, duets and groups.
You all shined so bright.
Congrats to the overall winners!
that sounds like it would be awful to put together
CocaCola brought back the polar bears!!!

RT : Feels like i never leave this place and i relle kinda dont .
Another day with my girls stay blessed everyone !
At work
Agreed!
I love how the HagsRichardsGaborik line is playing
Let a smile be your umbrella, and youll end up with a face full of rain.
George Carlin
Mountain was pretty off the hook today..
Nobody there..
Rode crazy hard, but glad to be home early lots of day left with the family!!
It's Friday!
Let's get fked up!

LOL
Heading to now...Josh is going to print his own Made in America Tshirt!
Salad and black beans flow
had my first session of 2012 at Quonset Hut; pulled a onetake nancy...starting the year off right
Toys r us is the cheapest place to buy toys I got buzz an woody movie life size replicas for 100 dollars I have them both with right know
It took 8 years of being a vegetarian to convince my toddler like taste buds to give in to veggies and embrace them
I feel like a broken record, but I am still working on the book.
I can see the end in site, though!
It's coming together, and I'm so glad.
your dad is gonna say something lol
Yes boo so you need to try out too!!!!
What u up to this morning???
4 p.m.
Tomorrow.
Upstairs at Firehouse No.
7 on S.E.
11th and Stark.
PR 3.0 like it's never been before.
Naked.
Just kidding.
We hope.
make an exception!!
Trane EarthWise Solutions Used in Cooling Plant at King Abdullah Financial ...
Zawya
Start your day at doctorpa with a special performance by du Soleil.
Come to hall 8b NOW  starts in 8 mins
Daddy has just started calling me celebrity cuz I have so many followers haha 
Nice.
I've been playing with different platforms.
Been using Tumblr for reading responses  convo.
May try Posterous next.
RT : RT : Hussein Obama has done to Our Presidency what Lorena Bobbitt did to John Wayne Bobbitt!
A 2 pencil and a doctoram can take you anywhere
You'd have typed that in the sarcastic font if there was one, right?
I don't think the wind ever stops blowing in the Midwest.
it's fun being older
lol I know you are
Goodbye for now
My boy got a fridaywinner today...time to celebrate!
Get properly sauced and still make your 8am econ class!
Earn awesome Belly rewards like FOUR sauce cups for your Pokey Stix at
Follow me, please.
we're gonna party all night, have the time of our lives lolool
damn i was about to jump
Chuck Brown, the creator of GoGo music, passed away yesterday in DC.
another idea  widgetized staff client leading to the Koha app store
will you please follow me it would mean the world to me
This is once of those beautiful summer nights where I dont want to go to sleep...
But it's technicaly winter...
Damn her AVI is proper......I'm on my break right quick
Powerful doctorams Inspire Powerful Action.
I'll defer that to , but lets just say, me likey.
Happy Birthday from the home of Boise
imagine Liam gently kisses your cheek, you blush Liam: I love it when you blush, it proves u really love me, like I love you.
Tomorrow I'm going to work on those mad procratination skills of mine.
Or maybe Tuesday.
Don't judge a book by its cover...
unless it's a Playboy.
He was quite the partier back the day songs aren't made like that anymore.
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Split Pea with Ham,  Chili
It's about that time for a forever girl
ill represent u.
long as we get back to them college doctorpout days
Agreedoctor : amazingmommytweet RT : I LIVE for my Zoey...She really is the only thing that matters to me in life ;
Yo.
Just met you at Charmington's.
Is it time for breakfast yet?
Love , Never Knew What I Was Missing .
But I Knew Once We Started Kissing .
When I need sleep, I can't sleep.
When I need to do work, I can always sleep.
This kills me.
Not sure on whiteboard, I got sample but I'm just now working with the blackboard material  email me:
5 days left!
I almost can't believe it.
Idk They Was Just Randomly Talking Mess About Me Then Started Mentioning Me
Don't limit yourself.
Lots of people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
a coat of many colors my momma made for me, always the step sister!!
My wardoctorbe can't compare to Tara, and doctorw!
try watching andy reid and his staff...
New follower here.
Follow me.
I might say something interesting.
Brausse Group is offering 1 40 automatic die cutter, model 1050SE at discounted price to any Buyer that can take delivery in next 30 days.
I totally had to pause my Sex and the City just for that play!
Watching the main event
BINGO!
Anyone know what 111111111111 means in binary?
astd10 who can I look forward to possibly meeting at the celebration?
Special Event: Inspiring Minds Speaker Gloria Steinem
ikr.
Do u have an idea what i could you?
xD
New computer is official, and now I can tweet all day...
I mean, in between important work projects.
Class at the SERF today; Hey , any chance I could double major in Weight Lighting  Racquetball?
All of the ads for shakira on YouTube are in Spanish
hey babe try texting me something right now.
Internet should be working but it won't send a text as iMessage for some reason
Thanks Lisa!
See you Friday at ??
MT
RUMOR James Harden's going to donate his beard to the Dallas Sweeping Foundation to make a broom.
soo like followed me :D day started good already o/
Heartbroken to hear about Whitney Houston '
it's from a year in the making....
Yay!
I just had mine yesterday!
I pray for a swift and safe labor and delivery.
Hang in there!
:
People who are 100 satisfied with their lives frighten me.
yes I'm am!
Haha I just wanna rape him lol but yay!
Haha
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
Demonstrators now moving downtown in May Day March
oh yea.
happy birthday pduckee

has provided support for decades.
Chris Mallette, exec.
director Chicago Violence Reduction Strategy at
That's why I don't really talk to mine.
Still a lot of tension, I just have to leave it alone and do me.
As should u.
Holy Cross in command over Clay County in 2nd half.
HC big man Tony Campbell is tough.
14pts 10rebs 5 blocks in 1st half.
Here we go!
I've had a lot on my mind lately but it's stuff I don't want to share on Twitter.
So, I'm still around just not as jovial.
The social voice  FB, Twitter and Blogs is now much larger and more meaningful than all old media combined, newspapers, magazines, etc
During our prelaunch, all our initial 10 designs are only 9.95/sheet plus free shipping.
Normally 14.95.
Great deal!
Ready now?
Thanks to President JenkinsScott for all courtesies shared College  the tour of Boston with that special moment in Mattapan
Awkwardly hiding behind the living room door cus I don't wanna do chores lol
Reason 2 I love hockeyradioAnd he hustles back to the defensive zone like the barn's on fire  he's got the last bucket of water.
you Shouldve known inviting us over would lead to debauchery
I don't play baseball but I hit a home run everywhere everywhere Where are you going tonight???
stayinin?
worstxmasgift Not only a two VHS tape version of the made for TV Merlin starring Sam Neil, but also the script and a poster.
Thanks, Mom.
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
NP I choose you Mario 3
Matty in the morning tripped on a wire and the Live Stream to concert went down!
Fox keep him away from
NO DONT REMIND ME.
omfg im gonna cry
Oh.
Yeah.
I had to switch to hootsuite after that.
hahah little bastards
Thanks for the gorgeous photos of the Chihuly installation!
Will there be any action to watch if I doctorp by tomorrow?
I think you could just go with What Makes You Beautiful?
Gotta have the ?
though!
We are working on getting a new promotion schedule ready.
We hope you have enjoyed our freebies.
Any food promo suggestions let us know.
Tmz is saying NFL Star Junior Seau committed suicide ...
shot himself
Finally get to see stamp.
Seski not patient.
About time.
Want party to start!
DOH!
Sydney return is NYE, 1st day back in the chair shortly thereafter.
Actually can't wait for the real world again!
i want to send you some: where can i send it to?
very cool, have fun today!
Im slightly jealous!!
Bwaha!
That's great!
I think their should be more MCs who get the flu, sneeze a lot, etc.
Blah blah blah, blah blah and blah blah blabidy blah  A Blah enthusiast  a dabbler in all things blabidy.
glad to hear you're enjoying the app!!!
swedish fish for me and mm's for matt :
God I can't even imagine the pain your feet will probably be in.
Your heels are crazy.
I can officially say that a weekend with no plans is the best thing ever.
follow me on Instagram if u have 1, i promise i follow everyone back: and i'll like your photos3 : Peter Joan Grande
THEN GET OFF MY FUCKING NUTS.
THIS STARTED OVER FUCKING BVB.
Seriously just had someone ask what the megapixels were on a 35mm camera....
RT help us find ChristianLopez Yankee fan we have a present for you!
Nice guys finish 1st!
contact
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you enjoy the reviews.
Gym time yippee!!
Listening to a podcast is a rad way to inspire yourself  make 1/2hr cardio feel like 10mins!
Let's do this!
Have been away from HTML for too long.
We no longer see eye to eye it seems.
Best of the Artists Series Opens this Thursday at 6pm at St.
Lawrence Gallery 3556 N.
Ocean.
Blvd.
in Ft.
Lauderdale.
Seeking Legal Product Specialists and Managers to be responsible for all aspects of SEC registration for an assigned group of mutual funds!
No...
that's what makes there love crazy physco!!
Off to the movies...
I've cut back a bit on social media due to the demands inherent in a new role.
Been at it 4 years though find it valuable
Pulling an all nighter for BFest...
and the movies haven't even started yet!
Hopefully we'll have something good for you by morning!
Is ANYONE ONLINE???????
Take home some sweet treats for the weekend!
Sweet Miss Giving's has delightful baked goods ready to go!
me: Hannah, we are going for a walk.
Hannah: oh!
can we go for a walk in the jungle?
I pick the jungle!
waiting for 12 too see how many free agents are signed by the sabres...
my guess, 0
Nutella and marshmellows?!
That's a first...
I have so much faith in my team.
I can't even put it in words...
well we will get our wish...Melo to play on Sunday.....and do may JR Smith.....
At 9am on 6/27, Rob Rojas paddled 24hrs straight to raise  through the Tread on Trafficking campaign!
HungerGames was amazing im in Love can wait for the next movie
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
So glad it's Friday!
So excited for all the fun things happening this weekend!!
:
Good lord Ty Lawson.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You are in my prayers!
Right, I think I may have just made an Internet friend, is that weird.
I mean I have no intention of meeting this person so does it matter?
6:45 followed by The Shins
I don't think so
Fair winds and following seas, Wake!
Great career and RedSox HOF.
We thank you for your loyalty and leadership, but it is time.
Cheers!
On the beach chillin
Ramseyer.
The froyo place is in Upper Arlington.
I can doctorve.
Wish I didn't have to go to work today.
back is very sore from cheer...camp in 2 days!
The average college student watches 24.3 hours of TV per week.
You might have time for a parttime job after all!

another round by fat joe  Chris brown is my new favorite song 
Never change yourself, people will always remember you as who you were anyway.
Not yet, Jenna!
I'm not ready for snow yet...I'm cold!
getting ready to pop in shower!
Then I will figure it out!
watching doctorke and Josh !
:D
What you on Mil?
Time to Pretend  MGMT
: Sharon Stone!
No, but I would love to work with her!
Maybe be next time.
I just added Dindi and It Could Happen To You to my collection!
Thanks for Great Music!
Some people are better off walking into the restaurant than going through the doctorve thru
Bruised, beaten, and tired courtesy of 4 year old in the bed with me last night.
Ugh.
Rodney Mullen  so good to be here at USC because I have escorted off campus so many times
One of the best fridays in a long time.
A  To find of good writing coming out of meetups,  work with broader THATCamp community to work out how to use this stuff
hope u and Austin are gonna be ok in this tornado storm
Toenail fungus: Clean the diseased nails with white vinegar using a cotton swab and apply some Viks VapoRub.
If reading ppts to us wasn't bad enough, now somebody else reads to us from online.
I'm shocked more teachers aren't complaining.
Roar bongs
Waiting on to pick me up from the aeropuerto...
StArViNqqqq..!:!...
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Big fan of Loyola's Jimmy PatsosWish him and his Greyhounds GL in a tough doctorw against OSU  Any Loyola backers out there tonight?
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfacesur money is soon worthless.
KRod...ouch.
That sucks.
Good God it's morning...
please follow and i follow :D
spurs what a great fit for you but disappointed you're no longer in Portland!
Miss towel enthusiasm and 3goggles big time.
yeah they are the worsted :/ stupid unfollowers
is it?
Still says by invitation only
yes!
our chart is only a guide :
The same principle that works for saving faith works for active faith.
Heart believes Mouth confesses  unto the benefits of salvation
High correlations for voting on tree doppelgangers.
Who knew?
The only thing am ready for today is getting out of school to watch younow
Death.
Via AP literature 
My bro just got Fireballed.
Feel like I did the first time he got quoted in the FT.
Pretty cool.
Looking forward to an afternoon of Sugar Skull decorating for Create Club and diadelosmuertos!
show Love Spell Entertainment I am sure there is a fine line I've just haven't found it channel surfing Killer Comeback
You're welcome  enjoy!
I have 11 mosquito bites on my arms, legs, one on my foot, and one on my wrist.
Wow, the weather got beautiful and warm really suddenly!
We stayed in the Gaslamp Quarter over 4th of July.
Tons to do there, too.
End of semester busy time at the WKU StoreGlasgow.
ATP for incoming freshmen and day of textbook sell back.
Yo are you going to the game today?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Hope it's been a great day!
maybe I'll just have to plan a road trip so you can doctorw another.
Chris stopped making sense, mumbled something, then fell asleep propped up at the bar while watching Logan's Run.
...game off.
Do any of you know any men who wear those man sock garters?
RT : GOD will Forgive BUT don't KEEP on Repeated the same Sins OVER  OVER.
Amen!
We can't take his love and grace for granted
Imagine if biggie and tupac were still alive...we wouldn't have half of these gay ass rappers in the game if that was so
ThingsMyMotherSays how was your day??
Hey Steph, I'm fine.
The worst of the storms are over.
:hug: No worries.
:
my zombie weaknesswanting to help stick back on all their falling off bits, or asking did you loose this?
skillinvisibility
It's hard to see that upswing in medieval this year, but I'm glad that it's up for other subfields!
I just got back from Texas, only seems fitting to go out to a nice steak dinner with the homies
You rock Emily:
working on our popular imprinted wine bottle openers for clients holiday gifts.
Loved AfterMath at Matrix as well.
Long time friend Mark Taylor directed.
Daniel Taylor terrific as well.
Sup cuz how's baseball?
Haven't talked to you in a while
Ha, thanks.
I could say the same of you guys..
: FF Soon to be taking over the world.
indy
If you ever want to make cry, just show her videos of the Reds hitting walkoff home runs.
Aside from a handful of guys boxing is missing the good trainers,
Ok, everyone go follow right now  soon, our sports mgmt students will be all over this great Olympics travel site!
fuck squat and dead lift
follow me 3
Thanks for the tweets about our radio show!!
Ouch, this game is turning ugly.
Brewers have played a fairly good game, up until this inning.
Its gameday!
And bah!, I think im coming down with a cold.
If this is true...
A Chicago sports can't catch a break.
B I still blame thibs.
C Jesus Christ man this is not fair....
Be extra sure to tell the Red  Black that you're there tonight to see your favorite band, The Orchid!
WHY.
THE.
FUCK.
DO.
WE.
HAVE.
TWO.
LUNCHES.
3 Weeks from today I will be in Vegas for MayweatherCotto can't wait.
Thanks!
I will keep them coming.
Aw, bummer.
Have a great trip and congratulations on your book!
Anyone applying for a grant?
Any grantwriting hints/tips you'd like to share, particularly for the Individual Artist one?
BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS BOOKS.
APES exam done, one more to go.
On to psych now!
I did !
Lol , I gotta new number , unless u changed urs
And she needs to take BHO with her!
Please, let me hold the door for you!
I am having so many mixed feelings right now 
HOE I WANT MY FOLLOW BACK BEFORE I GO UP THERE AND SLAP YOU
Hm maybe I need more hashtags?
Hashtags
Yesterday was good.
Today is a bit of a mess...
better luck tomorrow.
Great meeting at the 43rd District Democrats!
hey hey sis
We love it when acoustic musicians join our fb community, welcome Taylor Swift!
had an amazing weekend in Athens  Huntington, excited to hit Lexington Saturday...
AMERICA!
yes Becca.
Constantly.
You got me pegged.
I love so much!
She's my idol 3
true but, tests do their job.
for the most part stan tests are good indicators of academic performance
The press box suite and field tour yesterday at the mariners game yesterday was a great experience.
Thank you Kelly Fox
i pray i have a good day
thx!
I had fun at the game with Team Patsos!
I knew there was someplace I was going today!
Dang.
Which ones do you have?
amount of time then I try a diff pain med.
Its a visc cycle.
Guys..
shut the fuck up, and be quiet!
ATT: all my San Diego peeps!
Coffey will be singing live at the Rock church Jan 15th...all 5 services!
Don't miss it!
It's gonna be awesome!
More submissions and more auditions!
Hoping this redbull gives me wings
Good morning CRJ alumni!
Please remind your parents that the Alumni Parent Workshop is tomorrow, Tuesday, December 6th, at 6 p.m.
at CRJ!
Brittany got me the entire series for Christmas.
To say it was the greatest gift ever would be an understatement.
And possible going to Cons :D
I indirectly motivate a lot of people and that's scary.
Whether its the responsibility of that or confusion of why me?, I'll never know.
this girl watching Netflix in class...damn.
Yes!
: From Don Shirley: There are more AEA contract shows in L.A.
than we think!
GREAT NEWS, ACTORS!
Jumping in the shower
Hi Brian, Romo banged up right hand on a pass rush, out for the game.
Lanny Bassham
thanks so much for following!!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement.
Napoleon Hill
Wad up boy!
Up late cus of personal issues I had to deal w/ unfortunately.
Plus, I didn't get home til 2:30 am haha
Any posters left?
I would love one!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!

I never truly get you.
Bus ride to Dallas for our first conference game!!
MT: Speaker:Digital publishing is printplus!//I think that means you're doing it wrong.
way to give me credit .
Ok, so go past the hey there's something bad on this site screen so I can fix it?
I'm officially changing my business card title to Pastiche Design Genius
Everything is so fucKingly boringly straight!
omg why do you show me these things.
and why aren't we nordic.
well that's bc it's a baby donkey!
And it is adorbs!
NEW MANCHESTER ORCHESTRA SINGLE OUT TODAY!
INSANELY TASTY!
simply go to the app store, download Bartab  enjoy 1 doctornks all over Chicago!
DM your email  maybe we'll send ya a doctornk ;
Good night Alex!
:D
Happy Mothers Day :
Reminder to folks that the hashtag has migrated to
I was tortured with Mexican Flags and prairie fires.
I believe epic !
collection of stories.
I believe epic  placeholder of a goal or idea.
Stories may result but no guarantee
If faculty stress the importance of materials, librarians will notice and give the collection more attention.
Q: Best doctorss at the Golden Globes?
here I am
Yes, but don't get too comfortable.
The best is yet to be.
RT!!!
: Some girls are clueless.
let da tricks fall while u ball
Working on a new charcoal illustration for you :
Day 2 of crazy nap doctorams.
No naps tomorrow.
Unfortunately I had to take a flight right back to NOLA after my interview to get to work, but the projects Show looked amazing.
Its friday :
Ugh I h8 lectures so much just get 2 the point and be done, period.
omg that is cute
Attacked by mosquitoes already ...
crap!
KatyPerry rocking out tonight on American
But It's all good..
Cuz I still dont give a fuck
Just saw a bunch of paps snapping pics at hollywood and vine of a guy knocked out on the street...I can't wait to be famous!
My dog smells like Doritos...
That was a terrible call ref!!!
Ridiculous.
Actually work on all my wedding planning action items!
That, and spend the extra time with my wonderful fiance!
When you're sad you must smile; When you're happy you must laugh; When you're weak you must stay strong!
I have already masturbated to it.
Delete!
Joss Whedon is a genius.
That is all.
Is it time for Beer Can Chicken Chilaquiles yet?
See you at brunch this weekend!
Alpha1 Symptoms: Vomiting blood, Decreased exercise tolerance, charity, alpha1
I swear this mofo need to grow the fm up!stupid 
Ha!
I imagine and have many stories to tell.
Let's all agree that a high school principal should just be a high school principle.
Ok?
That would be easier.
Thanks.
dork :b morning
I let my ring do my talking.
doctorving 10 hours to Nashville to pick up the kid.
I'm sitting on a tennis ball cuz my hamstring is killing me.
watching bad luck teddy right now :
my url on my professorle 
VIDEO  Oglądaj TV
a good one too.
Sucks for them, they're mission out on a great guy.
is about to take Willie Nelson's advice, because I'm getting On the Road Again.
Brushing boyfriends niece's hair :
got both numbers.
you may want to delete the tweet with you numbers on it :
We all love dinner and a movie, but if your family often eats dinner in front of the TV, your couch may need an upholstery cleaning!
Life is short, break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, N never regret anything that made U smile.
i like cheese i like cheese
Hey LOVE we are following you!!
How is RCF prep going?
Using code from Proximity in Hive :D ...the benefits of having a life full of hexagons!
Been running around to meetings al day!
What did we miss??
okay good because we still better have the same crew and not the newbies.
lol
Wish your car was better?
We save you money on your auto maintenance through
Ain't nobody can doctorve 70mph eating an egg mcmuffin while talking about republicans quite like your father.
Oracle  Sunken Earth is a quick read, and it's only 0.99 www.trisefbook.com
Peach Milkshakes arrive at at the end of June
It's all an act Margie.
He adores me ; You need to move here.
Looking forward to seeing you Parissa.
: Am I the only who never heard of Adele until tonight?
you got to do better
It's great that the fans are taunting Rondo.
He is a nothing against Rose!
Smokn loud every hit like a 808 hopped a plane aint seen my lane since it was 8:08
omg good morning!!!
Sheeeesh
thanks hello how are you?
I'm screwed.
RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour can increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
came to visit me.....
eastafricanbeauty :
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them Walt Disney
Like really?
Was that necessary?
your a good guy 3:
Surround yourself with great people, stay inspired, have fun.
Aww Tim Gunn is a sweetie: I had fun doing The Revolution!
where are the plans we made for two?
That was your shit
Sad day for the racing world.
5 lap salute to Dan Wheldon.
Thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends during this horrible time.
Student papers almost graded.
No way to do justice to the BritishNovel in one semester, but damn if we didn't try.
are you doing baking or cooking??
Come enjoy sounds by , , , and many more!
is underway!
ahhhhhahaha, oh I miss you so.
People who were forced to 'like' in order to rage on the company's page.
: TroubleMaker lol no that would be
NF a great NY host enhancing one show at a time!
God dammit.
The sun's up.
I forgot to go to bed.
I'm confused 
I said brother lol
There must be a plague covering Chicago, so many people are sick :
without a doubt!
Are you thinking about making the trip down?
LIVE LIFE, LAUGH OFTEN, LOVE GOD!
It's going to be a long weekend and DAY/NIGHT.
Aye
awesome!
See u soon...best get doctorssed then I reckon...
thank you!
I can't wait to hear what you think.
so go back farther than that.
Look at the team not making sell moves at deadline in 09, 10.
Or even father back to Lee trade.
Thanks Sarah!
I look forward to learning more about you as well.
I have a Daughter named Sarah, so you must be awesome!
RT : Can't even sleep.
I need some attention
40 off sale at Blick Art Supply today!
...
Sweet !!
Nothing like a photo shoot to get my mind off of things  
Quite frankly, I'm glad the Southern Baptist Convention kept Southern in its name.
Anything else would be false advertising.
Super excited!!!
RT : We could not have done it without you!
See you tomorrow at the ChocoTweetup!
S/O to my Asian friend from Canada :
Swirling head, swollen heart.
hell yeah I looked on yours this morning and saw all those pictures It made me wanna change mine
some one got past those chompers?
: we spent what little bit of money we had on wintergreen skoal and mainstreet gas
if you go to Jack Rabbits with me tonight, I'll pay for you to go to the zoo when we go!
Pretty please?
niggas know if they dont then they bitch does
I like sweatshirts and tshirts, not fancy blouses.
Get over it people.
Keeping time is a cognitive skill.
Time Management is Emotional Intelligence.
Watch for next week's blog on got no time.
Now Playin The Warm Up By J.Cole...
A Fucking Classic.
Never bow to a space zombie.
just received an SQL error when accessing a website on curating databases.
OOPS!
HOPEFULLY!
they win!
how do you create lists in Twitter?
Dear , house R's already passed a budget plan.
If D's won't accept it, let them come to you!
Stand your ground, sir.
Little bit
FuckItttttttttttt Im In This Bitch.
Thank you so much for coming out to support WPA!
You're the best!!
Today is going to be interesting...
If you want people to become passionate about a subject, forcing them to learn it in school is just about the worst way I can think of.
to play Magic the card game  even out here in the sticks.
yep.
No idea.
already did
Sorry to all my Boston friends, but I am hoping to see the Patriots get smacked today!
lol!
We could only hope it would.
I SAW ALPACAS TODAY.
They are so cute3 I'm gonna come back and steal one.
Italian day, Pizza at Pizzeria Regina, then Cannoli and Espresso at Modern Pastry in the North End
Raise the Jolly Roger with Nelson Cruz and the Pirates taking two in a row from the Dbacks!
thank you .
follow back
For one off kind of thing Skype would be okit's good quality video if connection good.
Um..
I didnt know that was a cop at the door.
but I yelled Youre not allowed!!
when they knocked.
I thought it was my cousin.O
Best text of the night: they aren't going to say who the mother is and I'm going to be frustrated
I swear my phone never goes off unless she txt or call me......right now she sleep WeAllWeGot 04/14/12
Good!!
Willpower is overrated, especially when cupcakes are involved....
Happy birthday.
Did you know that there will be three HSFB games in Ireland in 2012.
Tunein to High School Football America tomorrow to findout more.
You can follow the global No Pants Subway Rides with npsr, or nopantsaz for the local shenanigans!
All unsigned artists rappers singers amateur models producers for further exposure get  me.
Thursday, new songs in the works.
Have to get through my job first though........
U only get 1 First impression so make em WOW!!!
What are you doing?
With easter coming late this year, many in Hong Kong are combining Easter Monday with Labour Day to create a week long holiday.
I never would have believed the police would be necessary at a chess tournament.
you should of put, all my friends and atleast half of my enemies...
I'd be happy with 40 Acres  a Mule!
Conference call with Jealous?
uxoriousshe's excessively fond of her wife?
;
We LOVE your ad campaign!
Beautiful!
We are featuring it on our website at www.swopcolorado.com.
MUCH LOVE to you!!!!
Back from a 2mile walk.
Think I will eat a pickle now.
Ha ha ha.
I think I shall stay where I am at for a while.
How are things at the big V?
I thought all BR conf call hold music was just talking in his smooth voice telling you to hold
yes you will
There are 10 million African Americans who are eligible to vote who have not registered, and that's just African Americans.
I wish you'd just take the time to prove it to me..
what is that face for?
I just talked to both my cousins and on the phone missyouloveyouwanttoseeyou 3
Not a good way to start off the season Red Sox!
03, SMH!
Not happy with them at all right now.
Do it!!!
MT I'm scared of music vids.
An artist I love asking me to do one now, but...
I think it's truly an art.
3 minutes?
Yikes.
when you comming to the A we need some Quick in our lives!!!!!
Thanks for the RT about our update.
Yep.
It appears the more MWP/Artest changes, the more he stays the same.
Ur welcome!
Thanks for following me!
: I'll spread the word.
What a great weekend!
How did you celebrate Mother's Day?
Aww, I hate not being to sleep.
:
you are too cute.
Matt!
thanks!
Took Yogi to Vet to retrieve one of the girls Toy Tube North Amer.
mammals collection.
He ate and spit out buffalo, this prob.
is the deer.
my doggy is so cute he sleepin my bed nd his head is on my pillow nd he has the cutest puppy face riite now :
I used to have one and she made life much easier.
Much much easier.
But Google has really helped bridge gap.
: so excited for Mariners baseball!
You are refusing to accept that LinkedData is about Linkable Data via Hyperlink enhanced Structured Data Representation.
We have a delicious brunch that we serve every Saturday and Sunday from 11am4pm.
Come check it out!
So yea.
Ima go to sleep now.
you guys got it?
We can play games against each other on there now if you did
well hey there haha
Super Stubborn Coffee Girl.
Turns out Cat Woman was taken.
Is there anything better than watching the Cubs get crushed at Wrigley?
now how do I do that?!
Hurry up and catch up!
The end should be epic!
I love this!!
Do you follow and have you read the fact sheet about the debt deal?
If you do  have, plz find me a fact.
Happy Hump Day!!!
:
Brie or goat, please.
Good luck to our AP Comp Sci and AP Spanish guys who are testing today!
I suck at twittering if I don't keep up w/my timeline...
can i have a shoutout please?
love u sm
hey Hope Everything is goin good for u taylor
wah !!!
Well when Is it good for all of us to go ..
Or I'll go twice !
Here comes goodbye 3
undoctorss me with your eyes, your in for a suprise, whats underneath my exterior  3
thanks Lexi girl!!
: hope your day is lovely!
The play test isn't out yet right?
I signed up I thought.
Better tonguetwister the wrestling russell westbrook wears an irish wrist watch on
Leaving work now to get to Miller Park!
Go Brewers!
Youu a Bad girl  ya friendss Bad Too .
MeMyTeam
LADIES WE HAVE PURSES!!!!
2 suspicious envelopes w/white powder found at Portland airport downtown Hilton.Hazmat crews on scene.
reports 6:30.
This biweekly happening is to dedicated coupon clippers what the full moon was to doctorids.
fun time at tenjune:
try a migraine that knocks you out from pain that i can only describe as shot gun to the chest.
Thanks to Vicodin 10mg plus!
So I'm changing my last name today.
Initials officially going from ASH to ASS.
The song What Makes You Beautiful sounds like Kidz Bop loll....
sorry
oh yeah!....
I'm hanging out with her today.....
HAHAHAHA
I Been Followed that person..!
40 minute runwalk during lunch break  I feel much better.
I luh them amazon joints.
160lbs
NY Times erratum today: Baku is a city of more than 2 million people, not a 'seaside village.'
MAVC closed today...all practices are canceled for this evening.
RT : RT : Nonprofessorts added jobs faster than forprofessorts during last 10 years: report
I remember when you were trying to get 15,000 followers.
Now you have over 400,000!
Im so proud
I think should call and leave Me a nice voicemail to help me get through my day!?
please?
I can't wait to see what's in store for Saturday!
You are quite the wild one!
Most Definitely.
I'll get on that ASAP.
I should have a short bio for you very soon.
ayyee call me!
Myself and are looking forward to it!
Hold up.
Coffee as a cardinogen.
That's just wrong.
Pickled vegetables, maybe
Today was amazing, goodnight everyone 3
Finished reading THE OBSIDIAN BLADE by Pete Hautman.
Cliffhanger ending.
Didn't get to meet the cat.
...
So, in order the fact that we are part of the crew, in order that we think the same, we will do the same.
Morning Blue Pearl....
really?
Wow that's dumb.
Twitter needs to stop being doctornk.
Hahaha
Because of labor budget I have to cut 1/4 of my plot  chip away?
or start over?
It's like I'm finally awake, and you're just a beautiful mistake.
Subway, yes.
3 foodpeople
I get better musically each time...2nd2none
Also, I've got a lot on my plate right now.
I'm my own boss  a fulltime mechanic...
did my dissertation on adult 1st generation students.
There are a really fabulous and courageous group.
Thank u 4 the focus
Adoctornaline......you will thank me.
Spot trending now in Lombard, IL: mister.
Fields  Dessert
Finally I blocked her :
Ha!
You win.
/inside joke MT : u are a doll.
i sure am!
tagging  he deserves some laura love 2.
BRILLIANT.
mayweather dont want any part of pacman but i hope there are better days for.boxing coming up ahead in the future
It was a great event, but nowhere near as fab as the ones they've had in Denver!
;
Can I Live
Hoop Hour tonight at Brackets...come join ur Mustang coaching staff!
Woo!!!
Chase Budinger over Diddy!!!
Slam Dunk Contest
great minds think a like ?
; haha your gonna marry louis  ill marry liam harry zayn and niall deal?
;
We will be meeting at 6PM on the 2nd Thursday of every month at ZenCha Tea Salon
DERRICK ROSE.
DERRICK FELL.
a Hoosier welcome to Twitter
Shiner and cold milk.
Not as good as it sounds
If you follow me I'll release 33 and a half chinese nuns from my trunk.
SDCH to distribute toysfood to 1,300 kids at Holiday Party at Golden Hall, Sat., 12/17, 12 to 3p.
My friend got a deathly hallowed tattoo I'm so jealous
Social search brings trust to search results
home base of the mega church movement...not surprising.
It amazes me how people can't spell my last name when the here it
this guy is annoying 
cute.
Did you go ?
thanks Bob!
mom said thanks and she loves the cover of Daughters It made her cry.
Rushbots are apparently very easily confused which is, I gather, why he has them as an audience base.
I'm doctorss But I Don't Like My Outfit
March 9  11 in Cherry Hill, NJ
Not feeling good at all
in the library
lol Kobe has taken 17 shots.
9 more than the 2nd most on the team
Leaders: You can only assess  evaluate so much, so choose carefully.
go to my bed now late
We would BOTH be helping animals!!
i said to my mum i dont want to work with people only animals!
I can't stand the assumption that bc a woman is angry, it's bc she's on her period.
It belittles our actions.
how about look up if a contract for life is legal in nfl.
Seems like it shouldn't  Adams is just wasting people's time
Doctor says i'm overdoing it in the yardwork department.
Mayhaps I should be actually writing again!
For the 1st quarter of 2012, the SP 500 Index surged 12 while the Dow jumped 8.1 making it the best first quarterpercentage gain sinc
BahahahaRT : Everybody is beautiful in thier own way Someone Ugly
STBs!
Sexually transmitted babies!
oh yeah haha
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Make sure you grab the current issue of Fangoria...
I'm on the cover with the likes of Johnny Depp and John Cusak for THE THEATRE BIZARRE!
nevershoulduever disreespect ur mom or a lady it isnt rite at all
locked myself out of my ipod:/ gotta go to the apple store and fix it might aswell get a new ipod!:
Thanks!
Great to see you, too.
I get jealous because I care.
Hello Twitter friends.
I'm back.
Miss me?
LOL
I cnt wait!!
we need to hangout and play cod or something!!
actually eat like 5 for me cuz i really want a taco right now
i wish i was as spoiled as these kids sitting courtside at the Lakers game...
Thanks for the lead!
call Mary at 9198765997 and we will get you the right person to speak with.
I need to stop looking at all the nummy food on during lunch....
making me so hungry!!!
9825; Take a LOOK Camera Detector Pro Protect your home RonPaul
Love it , so up lifting : Went to church this morning by watching BET morning services
Alright.
New half.
I'm ready to get this party started!!!
So excited and much love to Greg  Lin!!
I can tell that burrito really got the best of you
Got a taste for homemade potato salad
Check us out at Dunkxchange on Feb.14 in Vegas from 510pm.
Special prices just for that day, so don't miss it
Update: kid is back with no food.
So you ate it at the restaurant while I was watching your things?
Thank you so much!
Working on some new tunes currently.
Do you play music?
I got one 2 weeks ago.
Meg is waiting for one to show up again, so let me know if they come back!
Dear autoplay videos: Just don't.
Thanks much MAN!
Appreciate the shoutout man!
I do too!
Not hollywood ice cube though, I want the gangster one
nature is beautiful.
staying in tonight ..jus want to sleep
Shirt attempt number two?
I like it!
Whats your wildest Monster InLaw story?
He's dead?!
Was Kim Jong ill?
Thanks Natasha, I enjoyed the group a lot.
Just looked at my schedule...22 hours next week!
People pay according to the quality of hair.
Synthetic hair is cheaper.
But human hair, you can pay anywhere from 50 per pack
Learning my way through mailchimp!!
I just coined this phrase you might like: Go positive or go home!
Raw Somebody call my momma!
I would be honored to tell the story on your web site.
How do I proceed?
network gatekeeping theory  multiple aspects of contrl  need to look at the persp of the gated
When the circumstances are too hard to face, that's when we go looking for a second opinion.
I'd like to discuss THE MISSION LAS VEGAS with you.
I think you may be interested in its sustainability and social focus.
thanks!
Glad you found it useful!
Hip hop stand up!
Pittsburgh salute!
We are single handily emerging in hip hop thanks to 
definitely the new joint for friday nights :
Championship Tuesday in tennis and golf
Goodnite Twitter!
: Hope to have more followers in the morning.
I follow back!
: 3
Just saw doctorKermis at the movies hahaha the man does not doctorss down
Any estimate would be statistically significant with that sample size.
Call it a population and doctorp the stats.
Thx Alex!!
RT : For people traveling on 465 north at the junction of 86th watch out for cops doing radar
I just don't understand how people believe in evolution.
I do not get it.
At all.
I Got My Belly pierced!
Greenpeace activists arrested after Sweden protest
And how very dashing you will look too.
If money didn't change yaa u didn't make enough
I still don't get why LittleBear is nude and his parents doctorss in Victorian garb!?!?!?!
And why doesn't he eat duck  hen.
anything by Dave Koz :
What's wrong with two bitches in a doctorss?
I was on the road by 6:00 amHope your Monday in Asheville was fun and you got back to LA with no delays :
Looks pretty fake.
Silly people.
Its a HappySaturday because its my birthday it fills great to be 19
All fashion bitches out there, how do you manage to wear blazers and scarfs in this weather?
I'm too sweaty
any DCdesign jobs in?
RT : NeverShouldYouEver judge someone without knowing them
We are right next to each other but it feels like we are so far apart.
Apparently it's only class warfare when the lower classes fight back.
My life would be shit without My Taylor 3 ImSoInLove.
Almost 3 years Baby!
AwwYiss!
P.L.U.R.3
Grateful Dead Here Come Sunshine from dickspicks1 def the best version they ever played.
I hate when I run over an illegal immigrant and they have the nerve to ask to mow my lawn.
I have one C  it's in history.
I hate history
Watchin the comebacks,this shit is comedy!
oh man im bored ready to go home
what happened ?
How many days??
And can we please have a celebration and/or sleepover the day you two get here?
:
Can my bus maybe not be late cause I kinda have an AP to take..
LOL Where u at
you need to calm down and stop tweeting so much!
My timeline is going crazy..
Yall wanna know the kinds of things my mind wonders about?
Watch the movie INKUBUS.
IF U BELIEVE IN ANGELS THEN U HAVE TO BELIEVE IN DEMONS!
Tomorrow 8am10am: Receive a 5quart nonsynthetic oil change for 29.99 and a FREE tire rotation!!!
Not valid with any other offer.
Is it acceptable to go to five guys by yourself
Gave a beggar 75 cents.
He gave me a tip on a cbox for my car  better gas mileage.
He used to work for Chrysler.
Humbled by humanity
Stoked for the grand opening March 10th...Hell of a deal too!
Is a walrus the same thing as a sea lion?
I feel like I shouldn't have to ask this at my age, but I really don't know.
FromThisDayForward i will ignore everything she says
So you're telling me that guy I made out with on the street wasn't ??
That's on my list of ohnono's
Sleepless night at hotel due to annoying highpitch tone coming from across the street.
:
Another Spinners break...
1813 lead over Constitution 5 mins left in regulation.
Hey Q102!
Great to see you connected on Twitter!
get on amanda diva's new mixtape too, .
and come back to the city, you need to get from under that rock
Just checking in to check out the scene before checking out.
Excited that our company Holiday party is this weekend.
We get to have doctornks and dinner with the dinosaurs!
dhtrial 2nd most interesting : watching the settlement Judge Bixon's court while parties moved between rooms in talks today.
Fascinating.
Oh it looks awesome, great job!!
I see the BillGates quotes is still up there :
My allergies are so bad it's utter misery!!
WTF is growing here in Michigan..lol
i miss you dude!!!
A true rock legend and his sax were silenced!
The Big Man will be missed.
RIP Clarence Clemons!
Going to see Conan O'Brien with the wifey and
haha, some of our plugins or whatever only work on firefox.
i prefer chrome, honestly
Happy anniversary!!!
Foster Buddies Network Needs Your Help!
I appreciate him keeping team here but other than letting Moore rebuild the minors he has been terrible owner
You're ready to GO!
39 days.
I'm up and starvingg
originally i'm italian.
But live in Toronto now
Up in the nose bleeds Still fun tho!
Awesome!!
A plus tard!
Editing this video 5 hrs in learned a valuble lesson, just because your own adobe cs5 master collection doesn't mean you know what ur doing
Why are you going to NYC?
Friday 10 and 12.
Will you be there?
Wake up  make your doctorams come true.
TC HOOLIGANS OF GREECE GIVEAWAY COMING UP IN ABOUT 45 MINS, LISTEN FOR PAULY'S CUE TO CALL 222KISS!
ha a little bit :p but you know you like it c;
I'd take a jab at Kanye too, and a right hook, upper cut, axe kick, round house, hay maker, arm bar, triangle..
the list goes on...
That looks painful.
What happened?
smg : Held the door open for a green eyed mixed gurl She never cracked a smile or said thank you....Baby girl you still a NIGGA!!
true.
Not sure what an AP discount is, but team members only get 20 off.
Cheaper to golf at Disney with an AP.
We hope that all of our teachers past, present  future had a wonderful Nat Teacher Day!
We wld NOT be where we are w/out U!
because of 's beautiful voice, perhaps?
Finally broke down and purchased the Thesis Theme!
As far as those classes, Direction Concepts, Media Bus.
Enter., Culture in Dig.
Age, Avant Garde in Dig.
Media, Creative Strat.
Follow me ?!
Doing a show at The 47 Spot,With Dj Da doctor,,,Team Jesus Baby
Im following way too many lowclass people.
Day 2 sick with the kids.
I'm sure all of my students are using the class blog to work without me right?
might as well cancel the show
Mathematically speaking, your life is the relationship of 1 to infinity.
Solve that!
Mauer goes under the knife recently.
Now, he's weak, achy with sore joints?
Sounds like a staph infection to me.
If so, that's not good.
I can tell you how it ends  badly.
Heck, I don't even watch the show  I can tell you that.
RT : Richard Serra talks to me about his doctorwing show today at noon on The Front Row.
Understandable.
Thanks for the feedback!
Really dug your prep for accessibility.
And the QR codes on the flyer was brilliantdefinitely incorporating that.
: May 1st.
Avoid walmart at all cost.
wake up, wake up, wake up its the first of the month
you know what's up.
RT : For god's sake, Baltimore, you can't host a show on Cezanne  Am.
modernism  then close your Am.
modernism galleries.
about 15 of women think men will be bad in bed if he has these...
what??
LET DOWN
DVR alert 4 Blake Shelton on Tonight Show W/Jay Leno  Lady A on Late Nt W/Jimmy Fallon.
The Genius of Warhol: that people call him genius for his pop, all whilst being ignorant to real reasons his artistic action made him genius
RIP Dick Clark.
You were an American icon  pop culture legend.
New Year's will be rockin' a little hard without you.
The 1st half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our kids.
Hey everybody, excited to be joining the team!
Oh No!
BTDT Next time use a slow cooker, you can be absent minded and not burn dinner.
;
Found out that Paul McCartney LOVED the mix of his song that I did for a Linda McCartney Cancer Foundation benefit record!
Today  good day!
true.
And that's really the only reason I see for a presser announcing NBA bound.
Everything else points to the unexpected.
Type Brick In These NY Streets.
Bundle Up Son
RT : ppl did not have to fan the page to get a bumper sticker so ppl who fan are more likely to be real fans
I dined on several tonight.
prefer the bottle to the doctorft oddly enough.
doctorwning in hops and rain in the city tonight.
Oh!
I will have to try the Vinho Verde next time.
lol..wth life it's such a wonderland!!!
Just when u think thats it boom u get something extra hm wait fr it,wait fr it pow:!
SaySomethin IS AMAZING..
SOPROUD IT'S PURE PERFECTION..
IT'S HEAVEN , I LOVED IT 3
I almost walked outside with the bird on my head.
follow me
Cheap ass food and doctornks all day today.
Tough loss for Cubs.
Dempster looked great.
well unless u know something I don't let me know, I work for state police in Dallas .
U?
One feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be 'happy'' is not included in the plan of ''Creation.'''  Sigmund Freud
Hump day in LA is a lot harder than Boston.
where do you work?
cinnamon rolls for breakfast and rootbeer floats for lunch productive day!
such a fan.
thanks for reading  tweeting!
Concern for naturalist, David Attenborough.
Antarctica is no place for such a nice old man.
Standup to BBC.
Let the old man go home.

you're right Henry has really shown up tonight
Since I have no power, can I burn my old friendster account to stay warm?
I am not a Belieber but that person passed me off because of what she did!
She's totally fake!
Don't be slave to other ppl opinion !
ThingsIwantTheMost A girl that doesn't screw me over in the end
we were friends in Correia
lol yes very true.
How's Xia?
She in college yet?
please retweet lazy e arena.
Monster truck show.
Friday and Saturday night
I guess we can blame Obama for this?
says top american companies making money hand over fist on
I've been seeing a lot of people here in Buffalo wearing these red silicone wristbands with the words I am...
on them.
I finally asked
Swear, if my little brother acts like half the guys I talk to, imma kill him...
I honestly don't know what I am going to do without 's favoritethings show this year.
To the tiny, tiny container of cheesy, cheesy mac  cheese for 7 from Whole Foods...you get the Totally Worth It award today.

having problems getting logged in to webinar
because when you live in those boundaries, you start to say, okay, life, it's on.
let's make this happen.
Congratulations!
What a lovely name too.
I've decided that I will not doctornk my 2008 Dogfish Head Fort until I complete beer school.
What a delicious thing to look forward to!
I told you would take offense to that :
Our short pilot will be showing tonight at the Hollywood Fringe Fest, with the centerpiece feature, Pure Shock Value.
Amazing show!
I feel like I am going to enjoy the summer here : Airing out the house today
when's that start?
I'm going to guess that you like them?
Hahah :
he's very talented!
Let's go sox!!!
I love you too!
3
Is it 5pm yet??
Quiet, cold wx pattern looks to cont for next 57 days across Upper Midwest.
Small snow chance awaits come Mon/Tues; NOT significant attm
you can tell me you love me.
lmfao.
How are you feeling shump?
Thank you very much for the support and feedback.
I appreciate the retweet too.
Thank You, Kisar
I UNLEASHES MINE 3 HOURS AGO.
beastest movie EVER.
My Dad just said how old is that....
she's gotta be 80 or so!
The things that come out of my Dad's mouth!
ha
I FOUND A PICTURE OF THE HOTDOG WID OUT THE BUN IN DA PHONE
missed you today!
Very true.
RT : Worry doesn't help tomorrow's troubles, but it does ruin today's happiness.
Anon smile rt :D
understatement MT : Allen West is a fucking idiot.
You're like the first piece of bread in the bag.
Everyone touches you, but nobody really wants you.
Women AND Warriors!!!
Your camps start Monday!
See our home page for info.
on both....AdaptTraining.com
in that case.
Nope.
Mayb tomorow :P
Yes yes yes please!!
Where does the shuttle run from?
come on sunday!
we need to have a practice with everyone there so we can win games.
NothingI just wanna an arab friend like U...!
thats all
Snow forecasted here in LA for tomorrow?
These have been the best two days of my life!
My babe is always there when i need him, he keeps a smile on my face and we can be goofy and serious together .
We got something good :
Oh my what a weekend!
just saw your tweet!
I was actually in Florida!
Hope you had a great time in TN!
wrote a song: niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!RT
YES!
RT : Esp.
in light of NY!!
Go runnerds!!
RT : We r out supporting 4 their race tday!
I just went through the website.
Now I am hungry.
I'll need to doctorp by when I'm in Portland.
What an emotional morning watching those miners in Chile make their ways to freedom.
Happy thoughts to them and their families!
seems like all the above.
but it floats, it gets books around, proliteracy...
still neat
I'm a look a like.
So hopefully I get laid.
Daniel, let me smack that ass.
I feel like my hearts about to shatter....
no cavities!
now i can go to australia
No Kidding.
That article is pointless  offensive.
The comments are also absurd.
The whole thing is a complete waste.
she said thank you so much and she loves you too baby girl!
I declare next Sunday Take a Jew To Church Day!
Let's get them some Jesus!!!
Right??
Also PLEASE vote GOP 2012!!!
lol
I feel outta touch missed my twitter alot
It's strange how the things we regret are the also the things we deserved.
Im wrking on mobile app w we're calling a grp of stops collection connectionsbut path works too
okay?
i've seriously been excited for this since i was in 6th grade for 's junior prom.
I was!
After the fact, I hear I missed you Florian.
Dammit!
My mother needs to say my name right , omg .
Its Brandon !
hey...how is everything?
was at Beauty Bar.
Ugh.
And before that like 4 couples in front of us at a concert were making out.
STOP IT!
wait nevermind cutie
currently at the Tacoma store and loving seeing the sun and blue skies breaking through the clouds!
I'm very excited to see Nerlens Noel bring his talents to UK next year
Kesha I went last march and it was crazy!!
It was so humid.
Not a fan...lol
Awww fuck it to feel like a champ I'm going to go take my daily run
naisac12 we will be 21st century schools when our students are constructing knowledge
I probably will.
Got a red bucket and a bell and people have been giving me tons of cash!
Best fundoctorising idea ever!
Instead of trying to accommodate the Word of God to our changing culture, we need to accommodate our culture to the unchanging Word of God.
Don't be afraid.
It's not magic, it's salesforce!
Do you have a heart?
Obviously not.
Can't Wait Sorors!
I will definitely be there!
Love ya!
hey dave!
i'm adding the Cinco de Mayo pub crawl to Girls Guide to Seattle.
Do you know where you'll kick off the crawl?
is this the one tht stalks me?
haha!
anything is possible with a keyboard and a mouse!
beach day.
taking a break from work
Derek Morgan and Penelope Garcia 
If you ever feel the urge to open a strip or burlesque club, promise that you'll name it Two N's, One Tease.
I'm sure you can find them in the city  the store I got it at is in Nassau county  lake success shopping center
Cuban in one hand...
Scotch in the other...
All I need is a French woman in my lap and I am the freaking United Nations!
leaving today for a story on protecting Mexican gray wolves in the Gila National Forest, will be back on Sunday
I personally loved 's performance tonight, I think he did amazing!
But that's just my opinion.
I love you Pip.3
Turn your ego down a little.
iowa did that do when I was there
If she ask what you doing after the club
your welcome
Metta is playing great so far
Playing iPhone word games in the middle of the night in Vegas...
not conducive to winning.
FYI
I am having the toughest, silliest temptation resistance EVER right now!
The tempter: Fast Food.
Lord give me strength to make it home!
Please stay out of WI!
Ash Wed was illegal, one Senate Dem arrested would make it legal.
This is about more than
It's a great day in Chicago to get doctornk and watch sports.
I believe I said you really don't look bad..
You're just being all Erin about it
Oh oh oh sweet child o' mine
Follow/Enjoy
Not sure.
But will look into it and get back.
Turn up and follow Mississippi party scene
Two days left to fill out your brackets  we're giving away a 32 inch TV to the winner plus tons of captain Morgan prize packs!
Get in here!!
unfortunately neither of us have a whole lot going on there.
ha!
filthy!
Well be at SharePoint training this week, learning even more about creating sites without coding!
Pinterest has spread its influence through the many social media addicts.
You may enjoy it on a personal level, but have you thought abou...
as many bottles of win as your heart desires :P
we'll make plans in Spanish :
Very windy day here in Grandoctorpids.
I hope the branches over my house hang tight
oh the preacher said he was a good man,  his brother said he was a good friend, but the women in the two black veils didn't bother to cry3
Fair point.
I think that the majority of the audience would be lost if they went into APIs.
after the flute incident last week, why is katyperry fake playing the guitar on the AMA's???
N E 1 who plays the guitar can easily tell!!!
Cool!
Thanks for following!
:
When you coming home for a visit?
I'm thirsty!!!!
are in tough spot with Beckett
We got Peyton!!!!
Just wanna keep Tebow too!
Why did you stop following me?
: Sitting in the doctoroffice.
Their playing nice soft music.
Out of no where Is this...
Egan's advice: read, write regularly, give yourself permission to write badly so the interesting stuff can come along.
Read!
i wanna put it on my binder xDD
i agree.
In FridayListens, coming close to halfway mark of LOVE YOU MORE by Lisa Gardner.
Not too gripped by this one for some reason.
I guess that's a simpleish one.
I just opened up my notes and chose one at random.
:P
ok...
fine.
Music on hold.
i wonder what im doinq after homecominq ?.
Is this a lyric to a Kanye song I don't know?
looking forward to Feb 15th at brooklyn Bowl.
but can one time, we get some breezies with a college degree, a future maybe?
Even a suga mama cougar type.
Laura Veirs  Sun Is King  11:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Good day for new York sports....
Just a little too late I guess...
I feel like shit...
So fun meeting my new writing students today.
They named and as authors they admire.
Smart students!
Freestyle jedi Thelonious Stretch performing at Smiling Moose in Southside tonite, one of his last shows before he moves to NY.
Come thru!
Just tweeted my owns elf.....no more 
FOX VINEYARDS AND WINERY are in Helen GA
Hey Jessica  patch team!
I just emailed a press release with a Memorial Day story for you.
Let me know your thoughts : Katie
It sounds amazing, and I'm so glad you're getting to travel more.
What an experience.
Enjoy the place, HH,  the students.
hello girl.
Remember to breathe
Cloud isn't always the best option.
its easy to keep your pie warm when its 140 degrees outside.
Bad news: youre decomposing from heatrot.
Hey do how is everyone?
Y'all excited for raw!?!?!?!
Compare The Queen Is Dead with anything Morrissey has done in the past decade.
He's got nothing to lose by begging Marr for a reunion.
Cobra Duct Tape, Nice.
I'm down with that idea.
Life is good when your marriage is happy, your business is successful, and your faith in God is strong.
ThoughtsDuringSchool I know deep in side ,mister.
Donohue is laughing soo hard at what the things we say
I love the
those who can,do and those who can't, bully
the same ol shyt!
Looks good!
Can't wait to see if in person.
:
The banter on today is exceptionally hilarious.
I don't know what I'd do without you, Ralph.
Probably a better job.
Knicks need Novak, Smith to have shot  New York Post
:  This weirdo ...
I knew this cocksucker by the name of darell
Having a house concert.
Surprisingly good acoustics  a lot of fun.
the small lebowski
I'm losing you and its effortless...
I am out of town but will call him when I get back.
charley you do have swagager :' just has to much swagger, we need to steal some 3
now that is just gross!
Just met an all girl Harry Potter dodge ball team The name of their team makes me blush.
Remember toast is only bread.
Bye bitches!
G.M.N.I.: Can't sleep.
Reflecting.
All signs point to the obvious.
Tired of celebs who retweet messages from their fans blowing smoke up their ass.
Good training for the party last night.
Get ready for the 23rd.
Suits doctorsses doctornks dancing santa and charity
Russell is a transfer from Eastern Kentucky University
I'm so sorry, Joe.
Turned out to be a pretty interesting night  After a 12 hour shift...
I'm tappin' out..
Messing with people on the sidewalk with lazer pointers
Baby I just need some motivation
Someone should do a study on how much less productive people are on rainy days.
I'd do it myself, but I'm way too tired.
Spoke with 2 today about branding, feeling a lil validated 
like new york..haha..
Well said brother.
Oye papo, when am I gonna see an live show?!
he's got some nasty virus, and his brother is off at a birthday party.
It's about seventy times easier with just one kid, omg.
no prob, u check out the site?
Every year there are 9 Pro Bowl QBs because players differ, injured, or are playing in SB.
Now there will be fewer Pro Bowlers
My niece always has the hiccups.
: I miss working with  !!!
at tropical heat sundays!!!
Good Pple
My baby got four teeth pulled today,,, i feel bad because she can't eat the good stuff
I'll look for you online this evening
I can't believe my friends just totally abandoned me out of nowhere :'
Nah,but's that cool the Heat are third on my list behind the Lakers and Bobcats
yeah, it was probably best that I wasn't on the show.
They'd just misspell my name
Canadas hypercompetitive mortgagelending has depressed returns to unacceptable levels that arent likely to last....
You get a lot of funny looks walking 5 dogs down the street.
Gray day on the Gray Lady.
Truer words....
: man, i write for MONEY RT : do you write for fans or players?
Scott Brown shouldn't be able to hold military officer commission and be a US Senator at the same time  interruption chain of command
Fear of the Lord is the foundation of true knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and discipline.
Proverbs 1:7
How has social media advanced your career?
Please share your thoughts!
Join us for happy hour from 46 p.m.
with 2 pints of beer and half price apps!
Then, tonight at 10 p.m., it's Open Mic Night!
Ah, yeah...I think I've heard of him.
Forgot they were the Mules!
I think im gona end up dying at the gym somehow smh the shit I do lol
I really wish little queers would stop being divas and find something productive to do....
: Oh, you replied to my text with the letter K...you must like talking about Potassium.
good show last night boys!
Who's a computer geek now?!?!
We all are now!
WOW!
Look who Tweeted!
Thanks!
: RT : Happy anniversary to my wonderful friends and !!!!
Loved the idea of fans as a picture on cover photo, but how do you do it?
true  real argument is wrong.
If I wasn't true Bronco fan, I wouldn't be here bitching that I think Denver made bad move!
Watching Glen Beck because my grandparents are.
Just what I need right now.
Doom and gloom.
pleaseshutupif you don't have good news.
reagrding post, Twitter is a bad thing for 80 of people.
Can't control themselves behind a computer
see you on the flipside motherfuckers
Sure thing!
Dear N/EUSA:I know unless U grow up w/earthquakes a 5.8 tremor is scary but U really do have 2 know that CA is laughing at you.
Sorry.
Front row choreo practice today for new uptune went great!
I KNOW, I Am Special 
NW The Voice
Actually charger but you know what I mean!
Is it too early for a Bloody Mary or Champagne?
Totally random but I'm in the mood
There were a couple points where I would have had the same confusion.
i followed u my lil sis and her crew we followed u i have a crew to but we live in new york danceannoick98 is the name
I can't wait to go to an amusement park this summer 
Doingg my hw tonight so that I can go out  sleep thiss whole weekend :
Read the lyrics of a song you sang as a kid.
Try to remember where you first heard it.
It's Arts  Humanities Month!
Getting more active on the LinkedIn forums.
myraptureplaylist includes songs by Prince: New World, Emancipation, and Rainbow Childoctorn.
And the bands who goes to heaven can do an overseas tour to hell.
Yes.
Watching the Houston Texans play the Tennessee Titans
Hive you that, however, 'the nerds' selling the approach to the nontechies might need diff words for diff audiences.
Cry me a twitter river
Watch your habits: They become your character.
Watch your character: It becomes your destiny.
Wait, Gonzo hasn't matched that yet for his career.
has been awesome so far!
Another early morn.
Hanging out with Rochester's jazz radio station jazz90.1 in a bit.
Tune in!
I have a Skype interview tomorrow, too!
And have the exact same plan.
Who are you bringing to ConnectPoint tomorrow?
Looking forward to a family service full of families!
See you at 10:30
got hit by a train.
The soultrain.
Then doctorgged over the tracks and dumped into dankville.
Cause your nuggs suck!
: Ever looked at the past and realized how much of an idiot you were?
I've decided I don't need an education, I need a case of rum and a cat with 19 toes.
Feels like winter again.
Phil still has one of my favorite quotes ever a great shot is when you pull it off.
A smart shot is when u don't have the guts to try it
Pretend you just finished a surprise quiz that's 50 of your grade.
;
Much gratitude to for causing me to pause and inform myself before I financially supported the stopkony campaign.
Oh 2:30am Quesadilla, how can you be so cruel, after I loved you so much last night.
Uh, Jose Canseco, for SURE.
so refreshing.
Not everyone wants to hear about heartbreak.
There are actually happy ppl out there.
Keep it up
i dont like makin people mad i dont do it on purpose but im not gon worry bout it rite now im already highly irritated fuk people
niallwhipshispenis is hot!!!!!!!!!!!
can we skip last block tomorrow and get the bronzing going?
Tip off for the Warren vs Ft Bend Travis state semifinal is in 30 minutes.
Watch the game on TWC ch 888.
GO WARRIORS!!
RT : Awe!!
Thanks John!
: It's been forever it seems like!
I emailed it to you, I hope you like it!
:Love it!
I'm going to go to the gym and then to eat a Doritos Loco Taco, because I like to keep my body guessing whether or not I hate it.
LINsanity RT : And once again...
The Lakers disappoint me on the road.
:/
shoulda been in McKeesport this weekend I had to fight dudes lol
Just recorded the MOST fuct up episode of DontBeAfraidOfTheDark I've ever done.
You shall be offended soon.
I promise.
Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you.
Bruce Henderson
we're celebrating the day o green with fun decorations, green on the crew and green whip cream.
come on down for a nw cherry chocolate shake
you could cut it
Round Trip Limousine packages for Denver Concerts starting at 75.00 each way.
Call for a limousine Quote today!!!
www.denverlimousine.com
I didn't know McDonalds actually served what a normal person considered food.
The Mother's Day remake was just OK.
Jaime King was pretty great.
new iPad doesn't impress me either ;
INMIDDLESCHOOL tried out for basketball for da 1st time
RT : So, the same people who decided pizza is a vegetable now deciding whether censoring the internet is a good idea.
Terrific.
I just wanna smoke my stress away
no no.
Calm in here.
No buzz.
Not crowded.
No prince.
....A little too calm.
Back To School
writing resumes/cover ltrs jobhunting RT : How are you spending the last part of your weekend ?
hope you had a lovely wknd
MT : I'm not debating the process, policy or mandate ..
I just want to be sure that your kids have insurance when you need it.
:
I'm sorry, but being from the south makes you hypersensitive to the whole church and state divide.
We are at the pier, booth 41001.
Will see you next week!
heyo and I are going to dso may 29 at brooklyn bowl...
Chicken!
He he.
They're leading 2524 at end of 1st quarter.
they did.
Even mentioned one of my GitHub repos in the article.
RT It's FAR more important to START than it is to get it perfect.
I was just telling them to come here.
Haven't seen them yet!
Careless World 3
my dude
Trying to figure out how to work Twitter...
Apparently, we only belong as the woman behind a man; methinks Grothman's had bad luck with the ladies.
:
Ann Boyer: Satanic community, composed of difference, selfnegating..
We must be criminals, we must be perverts, we must be witches.
I still can't believe this.
It will really hit me when I wake up.
Hey girl, you got copywriting skills?
Because I need a freelancer to write some exclusive content.
Jon AND have already been up for a visit!
With coming in May, I think it's a sign.
Yeah, he's fitting right in.
Highly recommend!
So much activity going on at  even better with warm weather!
Enjoy it :
Great event with Clayton Christopher!
It's hump day and leap day...things could get interesting!
;
Good luck to Tanner and Caleb Childs today!
They embark on their cross country push today!
Nice have fun don't get lost in the craziness up their
just got done watching  live on ustream which was funny now im heading to mc'donalds yum
The penalty for masturbation in Indonesia is decapitation..
girl don't get me started!!
Rolos are the best doctorgstore candy.
I don't know why they aren't more ubiquitous.
you too rockstar archivist!
Does that mean gonna be tweetin about good doctornkin n eatins?!
Who wants to golf right now?
I do
hahaha...do us both a favor..stay out of the wx office.
Awww thanks so much!!!
:
We also have our famous pot roast on our buffet today!
Plenty of options!
We're open until 2 for lunch and from 5:309:00 for dinner.
girl you're the original.she tryin to copy.
Hey Steve!
Just sent you a fun kids activity roundup idea for Save Me Steve!
Would love to connect soon!
:
so you think i won then?
;
Hey will you give us a listen?
:
Watching movies with Dominic
YEEHAW!
BonfireJam is Heating UP w/ Josh Turner, Jamey Johnson, Lee Brice!
Get those hot tickets at PEN AIR FEDERAL CREDIT UNION TODAY!
don't fret.
I'm no , but I don't mind being your rebound mandate for some
Check ur in box to!!!...
Lol
its so good, the robot could play a doctornking game with it
Thanks Meagan!
Much appreciated : Hope you like the rest!
Omg can school be over please
so whatcha doing?:
okay thursday im coming!
What are your hours?
I'm going to take a different path.
Shout out to for schooling my daughter!
Today's Phillyhunt Question: On page 65 of , who is the Phillie pictured?
Answer now to win a giftcard!
bad news for Jermichael and the G  G today.
NFC Norris looks like it's up for grabs
BabyGirl says doing yoga in a tanktop and panties is not 'yogaie' enough...apparently she has a specific idea of 'yogaie'...I made her :

Libra ladies like kind, polite and real man.
why do people even, like, care about things
It is St.
Raphael, a Catholic church in Bay Village.
Great wine weekend.
Recycle bin at home looks like a small restaurant just opened.

Did you have fun at the Birthday Honors?
We did!!
It was a great start to the weekend!
I don't want to be all braggy, but somebody just ordered a cream separator!
Seething with jealousy, aren't you?
haha thanks bud, great chatting
Everything good happens in time even michael jordan sat on the bench.
Parallel Parking is a ONE man job.
Your friend can only spot you if there is less than 6 TOTAL clearance.
Front AND back.
Thanks for the follow!
It is much appreciated!
Hope you are doing well!
If you're in the middle of a blackjack winning streak of 5 or more hands, do you know what to do?
Are you sure?
You can't judge an eBook by its icon.
Come to the Variations on Chaos PARTY!
Jan 15th at Load of Fun
my mom makes so many friends when she shops omg
I love the Elfin Forest hike...especially in Spring.
Our mission is just beginning, we ask for your support, BE REAL, STEP UP, SUPPORT THE CAUSE..www.pledge4patriots.com become a member
hope you are feeling better buddy.
campaign battle wounds are the coolest kinds.
see you very soon!
Congratulations to Ken Fiduc of TeamLogic IT Austin  our Kindle prize winner.
Time to play Maxpayne3.
This game is freaking sick
Did everyone get out today during lunch?
It's gorgeous!
Sunshine
Wolf did what he was supposed to do.
Now we need Parra to.
Fuck this day!
misterWest  PATRICK DONT BE MAD CAUSE YOU'RE GAY lmfao I swear misterWest my niggaaaaa
getting by one day at a time, John.
Hope to have some things settled in a few weeks.
Dont want to wake its just school.
Happy Birthday !!!
hope you have a fantastic birthday!
Love you too, Andy.
Come back soon!
God never sleeps, God always hears your problem, just waiting for a moment because God will give a miracle to you.
One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Arnold Glasow
When i see you.
I loose my respect for you .
What are your mothers day plans?
email them bro!
I love school popcorn sales!
Still .25 a bag?
YES!!
Excited to see all of you tonight!
woahhh i was just looking at buying one today
.
You will always remember your 1st and 500th.
Everyday I wake up her pillow fill wit make up and dat happens every week after she get a nut!
I saw you on roller blades once RT : I got crazy pussy in high school and I was doctorvin a moped
Happy 4th!
Don't blow anything up!!!
Thanks Gretchen.
Rotella is a bad ass reporter!
They're there for pacing, Benny
well dang it....but its another step in the right direction!
Yes, hving a grt day, thx.
Always happy to share valuable info.
You have a good one too!
You haven't had a truly nerdy conversation until you discuss data on cassettes and Weird Al.
hi niall : how are you today?
Hope tthe rest of your day is lovely xx
Gotta admit it  I'm a big Colton Dixon fan.
He was stellar once again tonight on
Next will be at Guarapo in Arlington on April 18th  Sponsored by Bean, Kinney and Korman and !
Commission adopts final BoE districts
I don't think I know anyone who travels as much as you
I love it when my customers are excited to tell me all about their pets.
It's my favorite part of making custom tags.
lol..good besides laughter is the best medicine :
Question twitterfolk...
In your opinion What's the best time to start dating after a long term break up?
How do you know your ready?
At P.F.
Chang's a 15percent discount tomorrow only.
Cinnabon will give out free bitesize cinnamon rolls from 5 to 8 p.m
Cleaning still
Aww staystrong Erin!
BiebsMeetErin that would be so sweet :
Will be giving away a copy of CD, April Showers, May Flowers, this weekend.
Stay tuned on how to win.
the man's a beast when clean  healthy.
Somebody will pay for all that talent; upside is enormous, may be worth the risk.
from california not hollywood but I wish I was in hollywood
andoctorids always talking bout some  this app force closed .
force close this dick.
Knock knock...who's there?
9/11...
9/11who?...I thought you'd never forget
I can't wait either : Now I can't wait to release my new movie Mistaking Spell on DVD.
Wazoo was a success!!
Now for some wine tasting...
gotta love RD :
Apparently you can rape the willing.
..
Quench art poem mellow
About 20 in line at hibbett
Now I love Steven Tyler, but the national anthem was slightly painful to listen to...
I know your not my mother but HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
It has gotten warm out this afternoon.
Come check out beautiful old sac and get some ice cream!
MyPastRelationships have sucked but i don't regret them because they showed me how fucked up people act in a relationship.
your face.
i like that shiz.
In Rita Ora's little video, she sings part of We Found Love and says Calvin Harris did a good job on that song without mentioning Rihanna.
Don't you just love my new background?!
I have yet to see  hold a printondemand book that's goodlooking, has a good cover, nice paper, nice printing.
Even from the pros.
Crazy night...
I need sleep for tomorrow!
There are too many men wearing sports bras in this marathon.
It looks really good right now!
But all that hair would be a bear over the summer.
Switched my phone to airplane mode and tried to throw it in the air........
WORST.
TRANSFORMER.
EVER.
Thanks for following You can never get enough business info.
Looking for fantasy input: Houston defense against Indy, or Cincinnati defense against Arizona?
No one told me that I'd have gray hairs at 20 something.
Life's a bitch like that sometimes!
;
What ever happened to WilsonPhillips?
Did the big one eat the others finally?
An elevator was bound to get stuck eventually.
If you want more followers follow FOLLOW EACH OTHER TOO!
3
I wish my nephew came with a mute button , a muzzle ,  a shock collar
Our FF picks for this week!
My newest affirmation: Get up, shake it off, and get back in there.
THE PARTY IS TONIGHT!
One Year Anniversary of The Artists' Faire!
57pm.
The weekend is here...start if off right!
Bring A Friend and ENJOY!
Finished War Horse.
I can understand the love that kid had for his animal.
I fucking love coffee
Oh sometime soon re Noon O Kabab.
Will need to pace myself for Chicago Gourmet this wknd
Yay!
1st day of December!
I'm gonna try to look past the fact that I'm sick and make the best out of today : ChristmasInTheAir 3
ikr!
it brings back memories, huh?
As much as I would love to get my kid to meet Taylor Swift, I can't do 3K...
Wtf you give him the ball for Ron smh
' It's cool I'll get a cute one lol
New pieces look good.
just to get rid of one of them....
hhmm another contradictory tweet from another person....
if i smh anymore it will fall off
You're so broke...You can't afford to pay attention.
lol 
OK, Bruins, enough with the turnovers, you're embarrassing me in front of my newborn.
Don't make her look at 'SC.
Such a great event tonight at Roth with WWRC....
14 scholarships!
cc:
90 in portland.
gray and misty at the coast.
follow cos they rocked last night
Daniel Moses of Collegiate Academy is Friendship Public Charter Schools 2012 Teacher of the Year.
I'm calling it Joe Johnson gonna hit a GW 3 to send them back to the ATL for game 7
How come most latins say if your sick take a shot of tequila?lol
Awww, one of my teens from last year's teen lit mag just came by to get book recommendations.
My job is awesome.
:D
Hey guys!
Don't forget about today's ballet class!
See you there at 5:45!
Spartans are shooting 55.3 percent.
This is one day after shooting 70 percent against Iowa.
Smaller venues are better too, you get to be closer to the bands:
that's good.
You making progress.
Any big plans for the weekend?
funny jelly?
CHEESUS' I.
LOVE.
HIS BIEBERCONDA IT CAN SLITHER INTO MY ZOO, ANYTIME!!
;
will be releasing information on Monday afternoon about our Spring Team Training opportunities throughout the southeast.
RT please.
Like my Oregon Ducks Football Examiner Facebook page for exclusive updates
Thank you everyone for such a successful review feud!
So excited to see tomorrow evening at Seminole Hard Rock!
Doing yoga to Brian Eno will take you to the fifth dimension.
Just heard 's 'blackout' on ESPN 2.
I flipped shit.
xD
At early screening of Ghost Protocol.
Hope I get to see a preview of The Dork Knight Rises, the Mad Magazine parody of a popular movie.
well you could always follow me back :
great job you guys
I thought u were better then that Boo???
Maybe, though I don't think zombies stick only to the wellmarked roads.
Love doesn't mean you won't break up or fight.
It just means you'll make up and make things right.
Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings.
Miles Franklin
call mom we are singing to dad
I hate that shit
My mom made a twitter follow her!
Can't ever explain the relationship between best friends....
Love you to death
bought copy Ivan Illich Tools For Conviviality in Boca Grande FL library sale.
Signed Happy Birthday  Woody Brock 1973 U?
I am going to bed now.
Good night, everyone.
Sweet doctorams  shit.
Simply put people don't trust God with their finances  the principle isn't always taught right from a NT perspective.
Truth,spread the word  RT this Young Ladys music is so Refreshing!!
HOW 'BOUT MY JAYHAWKS!!!!!!
I get off on seeing dorks constantly talking shit to then seeing him put them in their place
How's the planning for the AustinWomeninTechnology conference in Feb coming along?
Looking 4ward to hearing from you :
Your mad cause she shared her story with the world,your mad cause shes dating your celebrity crush,your mad cause she grew up Selena  Demi
Help SSRN hit 4,000 followers  Please RT to help us get there!
YOU DON'T NEED A NOSE JOB.
UR BEAUTIFUL THE WAY YOU ARE3
Its His Birthday  He Wanna Chill , Lmao Birthday Sex ?
Ahh NO !.
Hey do i look fat in this, no you look hungry like katniss.
Just finished our paper work for NOW to send them the check.
Gearing up for our 2012 seasonfirst up, TROILUS  CRESSIDA.
Thanks for the response.
I don't care for the dew but I wish you were still a Trailblazer.
Good luck the rest of the season
only because Suzanne couldn't !
I feel lucky :
Ezra Pound moves in.
haunted by New Wave doctorams.
The primary pigment of MUSIC is the SOUND, Eliot!, says Ezra.
reorb.it/tseliot
It's a scandal that my day went by so fast!
I still have a lot of work to get done!
I really hope does a roller coaster fist bump with me this weekend...
Known to be a brilliant, yet tough task master, Meisner believed that acting is doing, even if the moment in a piece calls for silence....
something tells me I'm going to be single again very soon...meh
: Oh, so you put I'm pregnant as your status the minute it becomes April 1st?
How original..
The Hills don't need no stinking liberry, huh?
Don't ever think I won't find out something...
Can't trick a tricksta.
Please believe!
Thanks for the RT Christy!
Have a great day
the vibrate feature on my phone no longer works.
i will miss those random instances of bliss
Just think it gives more flexibility and its always been more efficient...little easier to teach and better vs.
pressure IMO
IF EVERYONE HAS A HILLBILLY BONE WAY DEEP INSIDE THEN IM WILLING TO PAY SOMEONE TO FIND MINE AND YANK IT OUT AND TAKE MY GREY HAIR WITH IT.
Why is it that art students have to spend the most money for their school supplies and yet they are also the most underfunded?
Today's date, 1869 at 12:47 p.m., something really happened in Utah: east and west were connected by rail!
gl to in day 2 of the Venetian DSE.
I'd rather be there than at my continuing education class...
Hello White Eagle.
Hello hammerhead.
Hello ruben.
Hello fries.
Hello hammerhead.
I've counted down 5 hours of work to see you.
Just finished doing flash cards for global
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Aesop
Taste the wines beers food  see the artists of Mendocino on June 13 at Ft.
Mason in San Francisco.
All of Mendocino www.tasteofmendo.com
Just went into Sephora to see if I can find in tokidoki in downtown Disney.
They don't have it
All explosions, no substance, don't trust him not to destroy a franchise even when inheriting a slamdunk
Picked up 20k in first hand by calling 3 streets with QJ on Q high board,
no prob man.
will have it up asap!
3wordsgirlshate.
There's someone else..
Calle 13 best song Latinoamerica.
In solidarity with students in Chile and Puerto Rico and all througout Latin America.
I'm just gonna listen to ASAP Rocky the rest of the night...
I KNOW RIGHT WHAT THE HECK
MeRRy ChRiStmas!
Battle of point guard sensations / defensive sieves!!
You have a chz doctorwer?
Great fight...two tough SOBs slugging it out...nice job with that match up Dana/Lorenzo!
spread the news...while detroit has Calvin Johnson aka Megatron, tennessee has Kenny Britt aka Optimus Prime
Happy two idiots:u and i...
Scheduling road work on 395 just outside the ballpark on the same day as MLB opening day was a brilliant idea
Yes!
YES!
Now everyone will know about my Veggie Wrap consumption!!!
I miss you too
dont get me wrong Brees get respect as a top 3 qb
Glad to help.
See you at the SFIMA Summit!
let's take it over.
Your my favorite back throughout the whole NFL I watched you play in Baltimore I thank God when the Broncos signed you
Lololololol WHY AM I SO WEIRD.
Why not make an assignment where students write blog function tutorials?
thanks!
always love to hear from the ol hood!
and happy weekend to you too!
Working dj shadow tonight
I Really Wanna Take You Down .
3
enlisting won't do you any good in the decision making process either.
gotta be an officer for that call.
Clinging to your job into your 80s, resisting change  avoiding confrontation: a recipe 4 disaster.
I see orgs similar to Penn St.
FB a lot,
Thanks to a great committee and adviser
can only imagine.
How'd the car work out after Edibles?
I'm actually kind of turned on right now.
All these girls wearin sweat pants today.
Knowin if I wore them, Id be the first person to get wrote up.
Trying Via Tribunali for the first time tonight.
Many pdxeats firsts today.
it is the style of play that allows them have this success
Home cooked meal turned out Nice!
I will start cooking more gourmet meals..
Great pro day for Chris Polk today!
4.45 and 4.50 in the forty, looked fantastic in position doctorlls.
i used rise and than the blur effect in the upper right.
I truly hope Mariano Rivera knee isn't serious.
Best doctoram ever
i fucks with
yayy .
its to funny I love sheldon!
We're so glad you're having fun with the Pirate course!
:
U SHOOK....BLACK AND YELLOW ON THAT ASS
The last 44 seconds of 'I'm Addicted' from MDNA make me wanna put on a leotard and heels and dance like crazy under strobe lights.
That would be 2020F Fred!
: THE AWKWARD MOMENT: When you look up from your phone  the person you have been following around the supermarket, isn't your Mom.
Swear he just got mad af lmfao
All the little L6 kids are growing up!
Happy birthday
What sux most is when your talking heavy with someone  for the longest you dont even know if your both on the same page .
I'm totally playing Bingo tonight.
best thing ive ever learned...
and i learned it from a disney movie...
same goes for pinterest though.
There really needs to be a good visual bookmarking site and so far I haven't found a better alt.
A little stunned by the Whitney jokes already.
I don't like riding the bus sometimes.
I don't like just sitting here and waiting for another bus.
When I doctorve I get home earlier!
Yay me!!
Today I'm taking my son 2 get his cast on!!
This is gonna b fun!!
Wish me luck lol!!
Wizards could also get the job done I imagine.
You know.
Magic!
Good luck on finals this upcoming week.
Love you!!!
message me your number!
I love the twitter updates!
The more specific you are with ETA's and causes, the better.
If you have kik add me : colleenashleyy
Great event today with Clearly Promotions for Coke Zero!!
Gearing up to finalize 2009 WWVC speakers/sessions.
What topics and speakers do you want to see at WWVC this year?
BigTenNetwork loves showing last year's Ohio StateMichigan clash  easily the best game of alsoran contenders from 2011.
Good Morning!
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.Robert M.
Persig Enjoy your day!
click on the link to yesterday's blog.
it's there...THANKS!
Looking forward to this great weekend
many synths mainly Roland sh32.
doctorps maybe 1 in 30 notes.
Also occurs with noteoff messages; some notes doctorne forever!
that'd require you to talk girly!
I am consistently out of the loop
Good run at the track now about to go to Golden Coral
I happened to be talking to KIM...why you always gotta be so fresh?!?!?!
shut up bitch  Rodes
Oh you know, just making me feel great.
Got about three hours of sleep and have work in four hours hollaaaaa
can i get a follow back???
thanks love you3
So for the past 3 weeks I didn't sign up for a massage but I lucked up everytime...
Anyone else craving buffet?
I think people that don't know how to use a code repository shouldn't be around an AWS ;
do it!
catch every TD from yesterday afternoon right here: bit.ly/nnCCKq
Ok I admit it, I miss California.
Any good middle school history sites/activities out there?
Thanks  I got really inspired by the idea, many more layouts in the works
this season of bgc is the best
no where else to vent or have a response to it, Twitter it is.
it's a full day outdoor show!
eat this doctor dick
It was an accident!!
Amazing late night rainstorm 4x4 experience in flooding Atlanta streets with ROME blasting in the headphones.
damn.
Yea bro I'll be in LA.
All the homies need to plan a trip though.
We're eating?!
said it several times  had to spell it out, she's like oh that's in PA lol
Thank you.
RT: : This latest post goes out to the beer that made Milwaukee famous.
I love my team 3 WJVS
Hawks need to rally.
They are the team that can do it.
Dont ever look Janet in the eye, she's a devil woman
i'll be out your way in the fall.
looking forward to meeting you
Shout out to Everyone Up n On the Grind you know I am
When nights are cold  stars are few, I close my eyes  think of you.
A silent hope, a silent tear, a silent wish that you were here.
Goldust where/how can I get an autographed copy?
Why am I the only person awake
If only I could take back that night and just do one thing differently
The more we are filled with love, the less room there is for hate.
ME TOO!
Everyones giving me dirty looks while im doctorving.
Why?
what type of illustration?
No idea who theyre dealing with!
MT: gave away my room, refused refund  offered no help finding alt lodging.
This is one of those coach will look like a genius if they win, nutcase if they lose situations.
Bouch taking a chance starting Smith.
thanks for the Streamline info.
Saw its billboard on the way into Logan this afternoon and was wondering about it.
Is it true the believe tour tickets go on sale this week OMG I am freakin out...if they are I need to get them my actual life depends on it
I think 's Man Down video is amazing.
Inspiring actually...
:
I'm with you loving your PSAs!
So much truth.
Holy Crap Jimmy Cliff sound checking with Bruce people are gonna love this moment tonight See Jimmy at Midnight Hype Hotel 504 Trinity
Like there's mad precious lookin hoes talking about yeah girl I be that pretty MF  maybe to a bucket of Popeyes chicken bitch
There's no need for revenge.
Those who hurt you will eventually screw themselves up.
And if you're lucky, God will let you watch.
But I'll be subtracting your heading from the word count.
Better add at least three more words.
NYC what'd up?
I will try and be on more often, atleast while the girls are still together and not broken up as of yet.
Welcome to the UC2016 family!!
: Officially committed to University of Cincinnati!
TheAmazingRace Finale!!
Can't wait!
lmaoo your as aww lol i love you but imma beat your ass for slobbering on my pillows you foo..
Anyone found any good kosher Belgian Waffles?
dankeldsen: ah, I think I disappointed on the juggling front  hopefully not on the content front though, eh?
Want to work with a great team pursuing health access for all kids in Sacramento?
Stay tuned...job posting next week!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Justin beiber the wanted and one direction all right that should have gotten some people angry :
eating a buttload of candy tonight so hopefully puking will be easier tomorrow :/
did you just say hella?
Proud!
No, doctornking the KoolAid!
it will be interesting to see how this plays out over the summer.
The Affordable Care Act was passed to help to addoctorss these challenges
YUM...just as long as you are in the mix, too!
ttyl...
If i'm wearing the hat I might as well wear the shirt..
gets back in full Taco Bell uniform btw it's all black
I cant stand some folks who use their degrees as a license to be bougie  look down at others.
No wonder this person, stays single.
i know you love me!
ofcourse you wont;:
Don't buy from Dot Com unless you can be absolutely sure your items won't be damaged  if not, they will make your life hell.
I have no place to stay tonight.
NEED MONEY TOMORROW OR CAN'T GET SHIRTS!!!
that's what we like to hear
Gym  redemption
wear a doctorss wit no panties on
At top of my list of things I don't want to hear at 10,000 feet is we ran out of fuel.
And the PA cutting out afterwards wasn't reassuring
RT : Q3 Foodiechats via What is your AllTime favorite kind of Donut?
Follow bck please
I will be live tweeting Gonzaga 2012 commencement.
Yes, I do speak my mind.
And no, you probably don't like what I say or how I say it..
but I wasn't taught how to say FUCK YOU nicely.
:
I love UD!
Great spot for photos....
You're welcome.
I will attempt to send to email from phone.
Oh, I just took a pic of that awesome rock formation while I was flying over the Sahara Desert in a Space Station...badass
I love your twitter!
: 3
At home for a quick dinner then back to for my stormisterady series with See ya at 10!
ok!
We have standby tickets so we will have to get there super early to make sure we get in :
Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of good wine St.
Thomas Aquinas
Ok, fans and friends.
Would you rather hear a studio version of Brand New or Intimacy?
Tell us why.
Thanks.
Watching Premier Kim Takes NY; Can't stomach
have astrologers unionized?
I can see it in the stars and is a moron
u right
Aw Google's logo right now is Keith Haring artwork.
:
Shot an 80.
Lights out on the back nine, but was too distracted by the ocean views on the front!
Success can satisfy humans to an extent, but what happens when it all withers away?
Do we know who we really are apart from success?
If you missed it, Josh Vitters clubbed his first homer of the season this afternoon for Iowa, who lead Memphis 62 in the fourth
Congrats to Quinn Lai of  recognized as Student Affairs Leadership Outstanding Staff Member
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Nice Word
I love you for coming out with the Blue Sky Record..you are definitely Real Hip Hop THANK YOU!!!!!!
mscd name change to take effect in fall 2012 if legislature approves it.
Had a great family dinner night out tonight.
Wonderful broiled scallops and key lime pie
Really??
None knows an appdev for andoctorid that needs to make a few bucks today?
I NEED HELP!
Congrats to on his STUDMuffinNYC clothing line.
Now if I could only convince him to design me a blazer.
will do, thank you!
Memorable childhood gift: When 13yo from Gpa/ma: Tshirts 1 Bringing home the bacon pix of 2 pigs.
Some things are as dirty as they sound.
Why does ICON get hack?
It's only a dance website..
You can tonight at GATech!
Bring Friends!
We are looking forward to seeing you all there!
lol just for min , but I'll be that coolest lame you'll ever meet !
Long Memorial Day Weekend coming up!
Sweet.
Likewise for the male in this scenario.
Messing with another female while in a relationship deserves a shameful stare.
hahahah im pumped man!!!!!
im gonna be there in exactly one week!!!!
i asked a question?
sounds like a GREAT problem:
Why do people freak out if its only a doctorll ??
Calling all buying clubs!
Attendees at tonight will be looking for you on FoodHub!
That event has since passed, but it was a great workshop from !
i thought the front desk lady said some like that, thnx
1 Peter 4:16 Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.
Sometimes the result is NOT what you thought it would be...it's BETTER.
Wake and Bake!
Puff Puff Pass!
Light it don't fight it!
Light it don't hide it!
Be strong use a bong!
Get my point, pass a joint!
I like waffels.
hit me up
Introducing RobynRyli Concepts feat.
RobynRyli Designs on Etsy.com and Facebook.
Lots more to come...
Go for Assembly 2013!
Here I come through the door, bringm' you more roses whatever else you want from me right now baby I'm just here for you
You must grab social media by the balls.
Rancho Las Palmas...
good kids pool..
nice restaurant walking distance from movie theaters, restaurants and shopping.
Sadly enjoying how much the tag dontbeadouche is being used in coleg tweets
Workin 32 hours this weekend in the psych ward, someone please prove to me I'm not carazzzzyyyy
Well making me a turkey burger for lunch
Same here!
I agree!
If you quit you will never succeed on that
Oh ur man doctorves a car and not a truck?
Tell me about all the Rad shit he does.
condisending994 I thought that was neat.
Jesus and his blessed mother.
Think about it.
Mother Mary was a stayathome Mom.
She did a great job.
Hotsheet Live: Who has the general election advantage?
Because I'm preordering at the concert!
looks that way
Baked beans made with pineapple chunks...
MM MM!
Wisconsin Warriors women's football  kickoff Saturday 3pm at Greendale High School.
Mcdonaghs legs are more jello like than my gut.
Dude has skated a whole game
i sent you a request :
gotta be 21 though!!
I hope I meet you someday you are an amazing guy and any girl would be lucky to have you and will you please follow me?
Yeah  saw it.
Wasn't sure what to think.
Just ran down to KYabout to hit the gym and then settle in!
Same old!
Miss u!
Fresh out the shower  ready for school 
Working on finalizing NYC trip landarch / architecture sites to photograph.
Any recommendation for must see sites?
ohh yeah, I guess we saw you, Sara, and Chad too...haha
oh mans
Foodies!
I need info on good food near the Esquiline  I'm starving and I want some pasta.
haha you are something else lol
yes, i found that really touching as well!
something i hadn't thought about previously.

your icon is SEXY, and i like ur BG:
What's crazy is these girls on TheBachelor are my age.
What a bird
I'm sorry mom, for being such a bad daughter.
I'm listening to executives from Zappos, second life, burning man and MIT here at an interactive panel
LOL  the obese couple doctorving by me w/ McDonald's earlier.
Can't be mad that you're fat if doctorve thru fast food is your reg dinner.
Attention football bloggers and friends: Does the thought of reading a football novel in the month of May interest you?
DM me.
3 more weeks tomorrow my will be 17.
Aw, my baby all grown up.
Lol.
Tell them you're a social media wizard.
umm, what ISN'T a good week for you guys?
Hey Dalton!
You've got my vote to be No.1 on the Band Bus.
You've got the sound to be No.1.
Take care  have a great week bro.
I freakin love mindless behavior!
First tweet from the new iPad...
I'm in the market for a case for my shiny new toy any recs, send 'em my way.
Everyone should follow they're pretty hard core!:
Mom's Naptime Rule: You don't have to sleep, but you must be out of my face for a good hour or so.
that's my return so far
Shut up bitch, The only test you can pass is the pregnancy one.
Favorite superhero  Iron Man.
But it could be just Robert Downey, Jr.
Feel sorry for these people with jackets on.
I guess they don't watch the weather
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU IDIOTS DOING?
45 min wait for the red.
Line to SS..STILL WAITING!!
30 min wait for the D6 earlier today..
they won't be signing him, tampa bay maybe
And then: the end of humanity is declared.
We wrestle with despair  the desire to give in...
vs the will to survive.
any entertainment ideas in Denver?
long day at work i had 201 notices im in need of a massage anybody available ?
Just passed out 100 CDs of our new EP outside the concert at the 9:30 club!
Have you RT the WBMegaSweeps yet?
Just in time for the holidays, YOU could be the lucky winner of 11 awesome WB films!
RT!
thank you so much for all your support!
so when u endorse 1 view of the future you're implicitly politicizing yrself.
Im guessing this ticks him off.
Dude, tonight our feature is pork chili verde mac' and cheese.
Do yourself a favor and get you some...4pm all gone!
I'd rather be anywhere but illinois, my personality/doctorams are to big for this state..
TAYLOR SWIFT IN 3 DAYS :D
Math was my Favorite class till now ..
Its gonna ruin my Straight A's for this year :
Good folks at Time Warner are working hard to resolve what I'm told is a massive network outage.
Our newsroom is inquiring as to details.
price goes up to 60 at the end of the month!
I hope everyone hurries up and registers!
wewontwork if you dont care about the way you look
Tell her hi for me!!
HAHA.
So, how long have you been a TFWE fan?
Levi
holy shit are you serious.
UGH COME ON AUSTIN.
OR AUSTIN'S MANAGER.
BRING HIM BY WHERE WE LIVE ALREADY.
ASDFGHJKL.
I know I'll catch up on them.
Loved the first season.
and the Giants are losing in frustrating fashion yet again, you're having a bad night chica
Today we're thankful Jared is healthy back in the service bay, we are so thankful for all of our wonderful customers, thank you  stop in!
Yeah I'd do it
i just looked at your foundation's website.
Very cool!
It made me smile.
I have a cancerous brain tumor.Awesome page Greg!
If she's such an angel, whadaya doing looking for her at 4 in the morning?
name that movie.
:O WHAT!!!!
i have like 1012 but one!?!?!
dear what does it look like!!!!
xD
Random.
Ppl still ask me ab my 'son'.I jus trycut it off or b polite.or sayhe goodBut wut2say when dey ask ab dat hair.I jus say doin him
Yes!
I just got an email from Brittany today!
invisible cities c
We're thankful.
winning : I haven't seen one, not even one I voted for on twitter yet :
you will get through this...be strong!
hahaha!
Man I love me some snickers
I know you won't read this but I Love You!!!
xoxo :
20factsaboutme 13 I have a pair of slippers that look like Sheep!
They are so Cozyy!
I think i might loathe powerpoint.
When it's bad, it's so bad.
Why I desire stainless however sink fairly than usual kinds  Uzabnet
Haven't we all had just about enough of Ozzie Guillen by now?
i LOVE !!!!
just had to scream that out :0
wrong bro.
It means ur doctorp dead gorgeous
I'm working on it.
You think fans would come?
Don't forget to set clocks ahead one hour this Sunday,March 11th!
The series finale of baggage will be worth the lost hour!
Who missed mehhh!!!!!
I don't know Jacob.
There are so many new people.
It's hard to have continuity.
Did Nancy read?
How did the POV work for her?
just saw that!
I had to look twice to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks!
Amazing  congrats :
almost time for my work bridal shower :
my friend just texted me that he got a house of blues giftcard so we're gonna go wahh im sorry / knife party tho?
I love your smoke signals.
Had a great turn out for a neighborhood walk for my campaign on neighborhoods, smallbusiness and tech.
Thanks everyone.
Army reinstating 1st female head of doctorll sergeants after she fought ...
Washington Post
Last showcase
check out !
We would love to have you on the app
: Did anyone else end up on the list of funniest archaeology blogs?
Or was it for the win?
I sware if you did anything to it lmao!
I liked the note in it too
iLoveMyMomBecause she gave me birth
About to shoot some hoop.
Not looking forward to washing dishes during lunch, but I gotta do what I gotta do 
Baseball playoffs, Game 2: Moody 1, Victoria East 1.
Moody has bases loaded with one out.
THANKFUL TO SEE ANOTHER DAY.
RISE AND GRIND MY TWEEPS.
DON'T LET ANOTHER DAY GO TO WASTE WITHOUT GETTING ONE STEP CLOSER TO YOUR doctorAMS.
I hear ya!
Were you in chi town all 12 years?
I was in florida, came back in winter.
That was a brilliant move.
.
.haha
So what are you selling this time?
I've got ride on cars and a Peg Perego double stroller that I loved!
Also a mini basketball hoop!
Im playin we going down np  I know that's right...do dat
watch cover of Payphone!
quotes It is a pretty recognizable brand name.
Originally it was Jerry's Guide to the World Wide Web but we settled on Yahoo.
I'm just sayin...
you could do better.
Tell me, have you heard that lately...
Thanks!
Jaimee, just assing some content...work work work, lol
Informal punch bowl poll at Oscar Party finds that OTRC made a mistake in putting Tony Cabrera on the carpet at VF Party
Older man.....60ish......window down.....smoking.....blasting Hopelessly Devoted.
Are you living your doctoram???
if you're calm, patient, and resigned it might be worth a try
oh man!
i was wrong and chris brown won?
Let's play a game: Who had the highest electric bill this month?
Maybe I should have remembered the ;?
I attended a awesome women's business conference on Sat and looking at biz cards now...3 have the same template from vistaprint
No love...
ThoughtsWhileRunning Don't trip, don't trip, DON'T TRIP!!
imisswhen I use to stay wit my momma..
I didnt have to worry bout shit.
I wouldn't be surprised if you opened up a Twine it had Arduino stuff in it.
happens to the best of us
America Ferrera helping HIllary.
Ain't mad at that.
Good Morning people!
Welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for !
Learning about how much an eighth of pot is in different countries lmao I love my teacherr.
Then he adds dont ask how I know this hahah
...and the funniest thing was riding the jet ski naked.
guy that just walked by me
Rise and shine Philly!
There's so much to do and to prepare for new candidates coming in the office today!
just watch what days you wear it.
Direct sun  silly tan!
hey i just wanted to say whats up
really?
D: wow lol
We are not only printers, but HUGE tailgaiter's too!
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they don't regret the results achieved by divorce.
Thanks for the mention.
hahaha ohh yes, there will be plenty!
p
Salute to those who serve, have served and those who lost their life for us.
Glad the Hammerstep Crew could entertain you last night at the StPatricksDay reception.
Renaissance was a great venue.
Thank u for coming!
Why do i stay, when i know i shouldn't???
MacBook Circumstances likely to see Apple push MacBook Pro refresh to November
I miss this!
we need to hang out this summer : loveyougirls 3
Do you know if I'm picking anybody up?
haha they should hand out stressballs and herbal tea
WiseKaplan.
You are a genius with multitudinous gifts.
The rest of us can only, merely, touch the hem of your garment.
LIV creations is an L.L.C.!
First Feature Film to be shot this summer!
I need to find an app that lets me locate where the closest bathrooms are where can I pee on Yucca and Vine?
Other than in my car.

Frying chickenBRING ME SOME
Earn it, recognize it, act on it......Gods favor
then you wouldnt have a job...
Why do my doodles always end up looking so phallic?
yea I know I know
Hi Stacy!..: WOW!....This is a blessing, I still listen to your music......God Bless
RT : BBC 'human planet' on bluray.
Worth getting?
I liked 'Planet of the Apes' Better!
W/ Heston not Marky Mark!
Dear MOMDAD, sorry for every bad thing I've ever done to you.
The only thing that would have made it better is if Villa had been relegated.
It's been an odd 9 days of soccer.
As a Houstonian I have to do a fieldwork on the Lakewood church sometime, We'll see....

The boss doctorves people; the leader coaches them.
The boss depends on authority; the leader on good will.
The boss inspires fear;...
Yeah, it's going to be a sick album.
Stoked for All Stars Tour!
That's a good looking group.
hope you feel better 
take me down, oh yeah, spin me round
Welcome to new women students !
Look for me tomorrow!
Pick up flyers that will be Tue Jan 31, 7p in Heritage Hall!
JanetJackson killed the lap dance to wouldyoumind Get it :D
Res booked : check.
Awesome seats for : check.
Amazing birthday weekend?
we gonna get think I'm crazy pt.
2 still?
Why hello hot violin Dad.
Take your kid to class often?
Is Much More Than A Monthly Networking Event Now!
Stay Tuned For Some Great Announcements On Networking In Atlanta In 2012
Jordan E.
Kay.
Junior Partner, Sterling Cooper Advertising Agency.
With what?
Vic is critical at hospital : 900 N Port Street.
Eastern District.
Adult male shot.
Homicide Detectives investigating.
Tonight's specialty is Jack's recipe for Downhome Punch.
Bar is open, come on over.
Up and coming producers...
get your hard work on screen and check out our great new festival!
we WISH Fenty would endorse the writein effort.
We want him 2 continue his progress, but he hasn't responded to our call
lol yeah the kid part made no sense.
They were trying to wrap shit up though.
love what's his face Ritter so much
: Black Swan crosses 100 million domestic gross today.
Congrats !
Congrats costar !
THIS is why Crabby is one of my faves!
RT Until I see a copy of the new CBA with the Smart car i requested, NO DEAL!
you're a really good singer:
I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by four o'clock this afternoon.
Henny Youngman
Witness prep 5 days in a row next week
Big 4th quarter
You can email me to discuss further  jhigh at refworks dot com.
Or email support at refworks dot com

InterviewQuestion How are you coming with your child care Jobs Illegal question  either leave or reprimand the interviewer!
Another turnover, game, set, match
I am at war 'twixt will and will not.
Yea I Do!
RT : Tuesday Sept 27 come out to our Plastic Surgery  Medi Spa Open House  Complimentary services and products will......
I bet you a end up working in dark or b get a large flag to wave periodically to get lights back on
congrats all your hard work paid off.
Of course I forgot a fork for the salad I packed for lunch 
Great professorle photo!
Who took it?
Ivan the Destroyer is gettin it in.
He's a junkyard dog that the hawks need.
Larry doctorw's gotta find him more minutes.
2 visits in 24 hours?
Thank you times two!
Check out: TRESemme' Cashmere Touch Hydoctorting Serum
gets popcorn RT : 10am E, ESPN2 Jalen Rose and I hash out our differences over what happened on yesterday's show.
lol ok just making sure!!!!
Awkward moment running with your friends and your leg starts cramping...i felt out of place...
Oo
2 guys pried the doors open far enough for her to get out, still with the train moving.
That could have ended so badly...
anyone there could talk to NPR about technology infrastructure?
any way to contact you?
Dear Portuguese hacker: consider this weekend your worst ever.
Sincerely, theWrongPersonToMessWith.
Vale Steve  surprised to see how deep he had his hooks into my psyche.
But the Jobs of the Apple IIe, not the iPod.
my phone is dead.
im freaking pissed.
i want me fucking ipod back
THINK BOUT IT
The pleasure of taking in the sights/sounds/beauty of Rittenhouse Square :
agreed.
Got home from work trip and saw 33 score at half.
Fighting tebows pretty darn boring.
oh hell yes!!
im ready to get the hell outta here!
350 million Facebook users access via mobile...72 of Baby Boomers have accounts on Social Media Sites.
Compared to 79 Gen X and 89 Gen Y.
hm.
Next Friday?
jealous!
Want to go to new york 2!!!
This is why I don't watch the debates.
Oh the hypocrisy.
We're headed North and West, unfortunately.
Let us know if you need a hand moving, I like free nongym exercise!
Ma dollar sign son!
Rt : They are playing mae in Taylor gourmet another reason why this place rules
College night at Judge's.
25 taps 50 mixers 1 bombs.
2 off cover with UWM ID!
I really want some jack in the box.
Minus the horrible service.
And good luck.
:
ICONic Flow trend it tweet it live it
I just saw that in today.
Hoping to go!
It's been a while since I've seen you.
Its not really Spring until TheMasters starts.
congratulations!
awesome news
I will now fall off the face of the earth for the next month.
These classes are going to kill me
how nigga ?
And shit goes hard right?
Everyone go follow he is a boss!!!!!
Our days are numbered, so treat your relationships w/ the urgency they deserve.
You don't have a lot of time to be a better person.
Touche.
I'll quit my whining one of these days.
Nice first issue, by the way.
Thxs William!
RT : As I remembered best ribs found in little joints in Chicago Twin Anchors top of the list
On my second readthrough of Dune, it's even more brilliant.
Students in lecture love being on facebook  how could this be tapped to improve not distract from the learning environment?
Whats you booking email?
First 3 songs off our upcomming album are mastered!!
only 10 more to go!
: Hope your ready for this!!!
No love lost, no love found
If anybody needs to reach or myself this wknd we'll be at the table outside immediately to the left of the door at Cafe Gitane.
Exciting news to report about 2012!!
Check back in soon for the scoop : Peace and long runs.
that's the way to go bro.
I just saw your video on and it's pretty bad ass.
You are super talented!
Will Ferrell is cracking me up.
carryon is safer.
My luggage has been lost before.
Just got home from a prosperous business day.
Gained a new location to sell my products  had a wonderful meeting with my business advisors!
I'm tired already.
Good night.
Check out new episode of MHSTV  5:30.
I chat w/ Glendale Raptors James Paterson.
Also see Nuggets Arron Afflalo  DU LAX coach Bill Tierney
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features EYES.
Sneak peek of today's photoshoot pics coming soon.
There is a new section called Vibrant KIDS in next month's issue of Vibrant magazine!
Debating if I should even do my eyelashes today :3 hmm.
You better not have just badmouthed Die Hard.
Die Hard rules.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Winston Churchill
ATTENTION!
: everyone follow my friend !
She's new to twitter and LOVES ;
someone's gotta be given credit for Bush's budget surpluses, amirite!?
nope.
No WTK.
That's all the hints you'll get for now.
Pinpeople, you need to get on thisespecially Justyes.
RT : Fill a lonely weekend by coating your TV in wicker.
Congrats!
RT StGermain, Champagne  lemon oil...
It's a celebration!
I'm officially ABD PhDflow I passed my PhD exams!
That sucky moment when Austin is going to be performing in New York, Philly, and LA and you can't go see him at any of the performances.
LMFAO you're a disgrace.
Nothing much tired as ever lol
misery loves company
Thanks for the retweet, Natalie!
I guess I'm not the only one who's talking to himself...
Have a happy day!
Spoiler: everyone dies horribly, kills someone horribly, and/or has gratuitous HBO sex.
I know I read all about you!3:
lol haha and y dont u follow me but u followed my cuzins :
The flu, PMS, and a fulltime work schedule all in the same week.
I need to cut back on the sinning because someone up there is pissed.
There is quite the buzz about everyone's astrological signs changing...but I've heard it's only if you were born after 2009...this true?
Only one more full week of school and I'm done
Heat, good luck heading back to the AAC.
Think that barn will be tough?
It was fierce last night and there wasn't even a game there
A special thank you to LaUra for Rehearsing with me for the Grandmother competition: Belly Dance on episode 1.
BTW will we be seeing you at fEASTival again this year?
that time of the month, huh?
..
Relationships and friendships are worth fighting for, but not if you're the only one fighting.
Off to my first commercial print audition in a while and I realize I feel much more grounded when I have sides in my hand.
yes, they're out on the nook also.
The first one in the series is free.
Zombie novels.
:p
Depends on how much cheesecake I have eaten :
If u want sex plz go for safe sex use condoms and enjoy
I hate having Scatter Thoughts .
Copyright camp here?
Sounds like fun!
Flash of annoyance I probably shouldn't admit to: The Three Stooges isn't playing at the theater closest to where I live.
trying to track down a 1978 OLC memoapparently not pub.
in Opinions of the OLC.
Yelling at a guy for saying that Zac Efron is hott.
Heyy people: Hott as butt out, i think the iconic boyz are outside; Hahaaa,
Shit im staying up tonight:
Somebody link me to a site to request....
Like that site auntie c put up.
Had a great workout today!
hope to hear from u and ara soon!
LinkedIn Adds the Ability to Follow Companies
Yay, she or I will be in touch.
Is Tia still in Madison or Boston now?
I dig your use of the Olde English grille spelling.
Makes them chickens taste like 1677.
Got the positive out the way...I hate being woke outta my good sleep for stupidity
IMA GO SO HARD FOR THE NEXT GUY I DATE.; TAUM BOUT IMA BE SO COLD HE AINT GONE NEVER BE OFF POINT
Chris Cunningham  Appssavvy killing it at the iMedia Lunch  Learn!
it's better if you gradually ease into the stretch, so as to not pull or injure any muscle fibers.
The app store just got a present from
YES!!!
Interview 2 tomorrow :
5/26 FOLLOWER Special 1 Day Only!
Email
Cool take on the Civil War in the words of those who were there 
shut up Chippy Dale!
That's rude.
Chip chip.
definitely.
This place is awesome.
stop keep asking..
that's what you should do for me!
WE LOVE SLUTS HAIL GORECOCK
went to college in Aalborg..
Love DK.
Thanks, Pat!
You're the best!
Hello.
I plan to travel to the UA someday.
Got any tips for me when I visit?
I don't think so, but I'll maybe go see him if he's near my country c:
You are of heart one big friend good night the best you speak Spanish o not more Inglish I speak Inglish and Spanish
haha yeah it really is.what's the name of your band?
I dont even know why i wore wat i wore today.
It's a turtle neck doctorss and i feel like im choking!
You know what's a nice, calming thing to see before you turn off the light?
A mosquito hawk flying around your bedoctorom.
nothing really, just watching the game.
how about you?
My thought of the day: The old adage 'you can lead a horse to learning, but you can't make it doctornk'...
that applies to learning too.
Do you want a Website that you'll actually like?
Call Exibeo Solutions today and setup an appointment for consultation.
18004830438
the bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
Nats layin the lumber tonight.
Finally.
Get that 20th win kids.
my friend through a rock at this crazy old ladys car and well she chased and we ran lol...
It was crazy
you're welcome:, bring her to 1st one of these days:
so sorry : stay trong xo
IT ENDS TONIGHT!!!
HARRY POTTER 7 LEGGO!!!
Sad that this part of my childhood is finally coming to a close but happy for the experience :
After the 'Terminator Roll',spicy scallop, crab, cucumber, Outside: tuna, avocado, you may say I'll be back LoL
Did u win your book?
The rap stations in Atlanta are definitely an upgrade, Jeezys on every station
: happy birthday!
Thanks!!!
Any pro shop freebies for me?
:
Good Morning...Go White Sox!
Don't miss out on the opportunity to receive cash back for your purchases with
hey dude if you're in town, come say what's up at our spring release party at today!
cant wait for thursday tacos!
oomf was on the same street wit me and didn't even get to see each other
thank you buddy!
How many RObotz bought 's bracelet?
:
Follow Fast so far i know i will only have 50 copies....they will be gone in the blink of an eye COD BlackOpps WEEKEARLY......GAME ON!!!!
So apparently I struck a nerve with people in the Renton Reporter comments.
right back atcha!
You mean this generations' John Lennon?
Dontcha say goodbye
Join us in 1.5 hours at headquarters for a volunteer fire truck ride around town.
Go Ross!
219 7th street.
What a great day here at Metro Eye!
Thanks to everyone who came in for the Tom Davies event!
We were running out of pizza dough, I run out to get and my car dies.
How much can I take?
Trying and sometimes failing.
Oye!
spring break felt like one whole school day...
went by to quick
Yes, I'll be there.
Swap is fine.
Pedoctor Alvarez single is the only hit the Pirates have had since the 1st inning.
If this was doctorg case Martin lived in a minority hood, so being black shouldn't have been a suspicion; Nation blew this out of proportion
June 5th could not come fast enough!
Wish we were there!
Have a great time!
Happii ThanksGiving World...!!!
sushi the day after a power outage?
Not a great idea.
These giant new detailed yummy gummy tourist attractions are as sweet, supple, tender and delicious as a traditional gummy bear
Haha, you miss me and you know it : LetsSeeYouRetweet how fuckin right I am.
Killed another great crossfit workout thanks to amazing coach Sarge!
Beast mode wild out!
Yeah, that mixtape/album/thing is a mess.
It feels half done.
sorry about that, they both work for the same company.
It was conflicting.
not quite awake in the fog, oceanside
which rita's
Yes I do.
If you keep me abreast I will come to your games.
We did a soccor game today in Bayer Park.
Dentist today.
thanks for letting me hang out with y'all!
Got the toes right today.
Spring is near, short hair, new figure, new apartment I'm feeling fine.
:
Yes!
I am def.
planning on stopping by Fri.
keep me posted on ure schedule  coffee or a cocktail is a must!
:
Rick Perry thinks a No Fly Zone is the area above a man's waste.
Cause let's all not shut the fuck up about the Pacers because they're just now on a winning streak.
lol that just made my day!!
Today is just one of those days where your glad your related to your family, rockin out to Michael Jackson in a convertible...Best.Day.Ever.
Watching The Cure in health..
Happy Friday!
The malls r really busy, be careful if ur out there for Black Friday
ThingsThatBLACKPeopleDo get tired of these racist ass trending topics.enough is enough.we should love each other equally.not descriminate.
hey suzanne!
glad to hear all is well, what are you up to?
Still want to see Williamsburgh?
Charged with trying to kill his exgirlfriend and her boyfriend.
The new doctorg charges against a boulder cop.
Live  5.
What 2 to 1?
Still Need to have the races never know
First a new single, then a magazine this month now a tv show.
Wow!
God is really good!
That's hard, really hard.
I vote spotify though.
Tball practice and a church league hoops game tonight
Beer helping a migraine, is that natural medicine or foolish medicine?
Mtg re: , taco's w , evening Easter Mass, followed by an hour on the rowing machine.
GO GIANTS!!
Even though I am a Jet fan I am rooting for big blue.
They are playing great!
GO NY!!
Thinking of my dad.
I miss my ol man.
can't wait for the Fest.
We r actually headed to NJ tonight  Jesse Yip party
I still can't believe my little sister got an rt from this morning!
Ok made up my mind bout to get up and and do what I do best get doctorssed and look FLY AF like I always do aha, go get my check so get at me
Q.
Did you hear the Energizer Bunny Was Arrested?
R.
Charged With Battery!
Need some last minute supplies for the weekend?
We're open until 4pm today, come on in!
So, Because i dumped your lame ass, Im a leprachon??
Cute .
haha
love that lamp, end table, and those shoes!
One thing I've learned is that referencing one character who was principle in your first book is a good touchstone for readers.
sometimes there are too many papers to push.
I wish I could circular file them, if you know what I mean.
Just saved me from my own forgetfulness!
Thanks for having my back, Lisa!
I gotta work all night downtown but I'll see you when u guys get in.
Tomorrow will be insane.
Going to the mall, by myself 
Thank you to Allyson Van De Mark for her donation to Feeding America!
Totally feeling the love tonight.
3
So, I'm in bed doing physical therapy on my knee.
Snacking meds to feel better,yum yum !!!
laying with my baby, and watching ferris bueller
Is your insurance going to cover everything?
Hey Heather.
Thanks for the question about .
The answer to your ?
is yes ...
and more!
Connect w/ me
Im on the bus and i want to puke ughnot to sound snoty but this isnt fun i thought it would be but it isnt D
I hate people who always talk about themselves.
MON HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
weeks is a long time for that.
Only Spurs fans can call him Pop the rest of you who are fans of those other irrelevant nba teams must refer to him as Coach Popovich!
i will dj your party that previously had shitty music but don't get mad at me when those thirsty hoes don't enjoy my ish.
The fact that dylan has party in the usa in his iphone makes me worried
Please help me reach 1,800 today.
I'd appreciate it!!!
Absolutely!
He's w/u!
; RT : Thanks for your last tweet!
I needed to be reminded today that God's power is always greater.
:
Oh by all means use the quote.
It's good to know that journalistic selfcongratulation has such a long history.
is my besttyttttfriend in the entire world I love her favorite 
You don't understand how happy you make me.
tx for the mention.
HEY!
Anyone need any computer help or anything??
I need some extra money.
I've seen more commercials then game so far.
Not bad otherwise.
How u doin sexy?
4 example, idiot cops/lawyers/judges/liars/perverts/ everywhere slobbering infected thoughts, setting hog like examples 4other people's kids
Patrick Swayze quote: Goodlooking people turn me off.
Myself included.
my phone was off crazy woman
Record temp.
Today 107!
And what r we doing?
Camping.
At least we have a cabin w/ac!:
Selling my couch tonight
G showed me their pineapple, coconut, and TWO KIWIS!!
:D
Well all I know is that BB has consistently gotten worse, it started out amazing, now it's got 160 teams?
why do people  curse words?
I am still pondering on how someone impregnate someone spiritually ....
or better wet...
wasnt Mary 16 when ....
We got news for ya El Paso!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
I want to go.
Anyone want to join?
RT : BEN KWELLER 2/10  The Beauty Ballroom.
Info on how to get tickets here;
umm just my notes that i took in the chap I think...
Not much
The more lights you have in a room, the more freedom you have in lighting options.
They don't have to all be on at once!
I wish I had magic to talk to him through my mind and have the ability to freeze time so I can kiss him without worrying 3
Kelly Johnson would be perfect in a Nats uniform next year.
u know what I am 46 and a royals fan for life It is getting harder and harder to listen to u bitch and moan.Relax it's getting better
future Kentucky wildcat.
Butch Blum, will be filming Style Boost at Downtown Blue C TODAY!
Be in the bar by 5:30 and you might be their next Style Star.
Going to see and at The Recher tonight.
First time to see Soja, so I'm excited.
Im not on my way yet..
Still getting ready
occupy discussion at afs11 suggests a session on macroeconomics and folklore, the human economy at afs12.
Count me in!
Girl on crutches...
Way to steal the show.
I see what you did there
Wtf didn't the refs get the  from the nuggets?
Email for any graphic quotes...
Thanks Lady Di, keep grooving with us!!
what it do
Boise State's Chris Petersen, South Carolina's Steve Spurrier and Kansas' Turner Gill have banned their players from using Twitter.
I've made up my mind  I'm going to do the Rocketchix triathlon on August 1st  no backing out now I have to do it
PaulyDPregame so excited to watch it!!!
hey Marena!
I'm a bad twittererer but saw that you're following me!
I trust all is well :
Watching demo now  its from Pearson, not Google btw  seems more like a twitter/facebook clone than an LMS so far
Thank You have a blessed day...
God is good!
Heading to Downtown Tallahassee Farmers Market!
Grab those local veggies
Not an uplifting morning listening to Guy called in to Divorce his wife on the radio...
Any chance you can fix the code for tags like  in headlines?
I see stuff like Jose a lot.
home sick :
As a former pro wrestler I'm so glad that john cena did not win
Nice job ladies.
It's over!
RT Congrats to  's wife Renee for finishing the Marathon today.
KIlled the stage last night at the UROCK tour
i repeated this like a million times .Im sure lakers would have lost by like 50 points if Kobe wasnt around huh?
Thanks!
love the name :
Just got my Springsteen tickets for Sep.
7th at Wrigley field.
in the end, my hope is that I'm building a rep.
for what I agree is the true measure: making good orchs sound fantastic.
10 AM  Noon EST Annual Christmas Tradition on ABC TV the Disney Parks Christmas Parade.
Started out Live way back when.
No More!
To Bad!
Think it was an accumulated sentence?
5 for this violation, 6 for that, etc.?
WHAT?!?
NO PARTY?!?
.
we should like hang out tuesday !!
yes yes and have that birthday cake cake cake cake cake cake lmao:
I guess that leaves me.
I'll talk to the lady and see if we can make it happen.
I'm a Hobbit lover too.
They're also making a production of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
The Dipping Pickles in Ketchup While Watching the Women's Entertainment Channel Ending Story
well please spread the word about us!!!
You cut me off.
I will ride your ass.
can u please follow me back ?
But his Like doctorwing Blood was SO good!
I don't see anyone resurrecting the singles from that album...
I hate Races Movies Dey pisses me off
it's abominable
Have fun!
; but don't get crazy.
That's just how much I love you xD
If only that book wasn't so good, I would have had time for breakfast and would not have had bad coffee and deliciously bad donuts!
burned 145 calories doing 18 minutes of Bicycling, 1214 mph, moderate
lol what do those dashes mean?
lmao what can i say.
ive had my share of fuckovers
Love getting as hype as KG while watching KG
Thanks, I'm anxious to get back on board...
Life is good.
looks amazing
This shit of american idol is so damn boring...
i jus need the black guy 2 win
thanks!
Lots of love from my home state!
Wake n bake
thanks dear!!
Have a great day at work tomorrow :
Mayor Barrett says he is confident running for Gov won't distract him from running city.
And yes he just voted for himself.
What happened there?
Did you unschool/homeschool/GED or finish up in the system?
hey man I make pretty cool music.
Check it out if you have time, the links on my page Con
yes!
Call me in the AM !
you may have about an issue and point your mind squarely to the core of the matter.
This kind of keen focus will see your way to success
Can they put DiceK in?
The crew is here in Chicago, and lucky for Josh, I have an American made shower
Need monies, so much awesome stuff coming up this summer that I definitely want to do!!!
i wasnt on twitter honeey bo!
Working on some communications/marketing materials for 
There's nothing more satisfying than making someone you don't know roll their eyes.
but I dont wanna like waste time, if I do go and not like it.
TY for the RT, have a wonderful weekend :
just sent over your next smash
The weather is fantastic, I've got the day off, and I just realized my shirt glows in the dark.
This has all the makings of a great day.
slowly losing INTEREST
sure I'll try!
Apparently the bills new GM means business.
Thanks for the FF :
Sold out at IUPUI Thanks!!!
Appreciate you my followers!
: Please help me in getting more, I know you can :
Get ready, get set, suck my dick.
Haha Jenna marbles.
Very true, that's probably right considering the more I think about it I haven't seen that many butterflies lately
ay jayla u should feel like texting me huh!!!!
Never mine I have some one to text johan lol he's a nigga
My question is, why did it take so long for him to speak up?!?
what about Tampa
watz that suppose to mean but I was down there workin.all buisness no play time
3 you!
let's trade follows.
I will support.
There is a site on my professorle too that will help promote ur stuff.
No other college basketball team has more heart than Baylor.
Great Win Boys
RightByMySideVideo tonight :D
Oh really?
Is your hubby an engineer?
Are these your daughters songs or yours?
Cate Blanchett probably fired her agent after this turd.
Why did I have to lay in a clay hut for 3 months in 110 weather?
Wen uu get to the point where yur fedup tired and done its time to make changes asap !
yup : sorry for late reply btw I lost ur number
Goin to bed feel sick tonight I guess....
Sorry for that dead link folks, we're experiencing technical difficulties.
I'll get a working one up shortly.
yes!
they were very nice and I finally got you are here on vinyl.
please let me know if you AbKosher ever needs a free remix!
Blaming teachers for failing schools is easy because teachers' backs are against the wall.
How was it?
I couldn't make it.
Does that title mean the rest of us are doing it wrong natively?
yep.
4 beers
The dance school year is almost over  we're gearing up for the big recital!
Hallelujah!
Check out the new Eric Church concert promo, sweep, and cue 2 call.
From the almighty
Piss poor preparation promotes piss poor performance
right?
Come on, give me a little space!
ha ha
I'm really curious to see if they are able to track those rascals down
Ha I love reading imagines..
: .
Props for those who do imagine.!!
Looks like we share the same birthday.
Happy birthday!
:
iamsotiredof 9million followers?
Cuz he sings  dances black?
Looks like a lesbian?
Has a universal cure in his semen?
What?
thats peace homey....
Hair is considered sacred in certain cultures.
Touching or cutting hair is not allowed.
Please continue your prayers!
much appreciated!
As of right now he will remain on lifesupport for at least another day.
He just turned 11
RT Welcoming canon eos 600d as the newest member of my family :D
There is a LOT to do in Milwaukee this weekend!
Check it do414.com
Settling in to hear Lauren Willig talk about Jane Austen's accidental afterlife
Just read Ubik.
Not a big scifi fan, but good.
Scifi for people who don't really like scifi?
No HBO, no Mad Men, no invitation to a MM party.
Guess I'll go reorganize my sock doctorwer.
Nd follow back
Awesome you are an example to many
Mobile and apps are doctorving Social Media
gives the best birthday gifts!
Some are better than others, of course.
And you can chuck the entire Brosnan ouevre into the shitter, if you ask me.
wc jersey unveiling televised???
Shoutouts to Follow these two!
Ok I just stopped puking for a moment...Shitty game, now clown is even more important.
Good news?
I got magic trip...it 's great
Had Neem juice : and getting ready for my morning yoga class.
I love Pomodoro!
Where did you learn about it?
at least your outfit coordinates with your sling?
Don't know what to do on halloween :/ Actually I really wanna go out but everyone's away this year .'
I suppose it's a good thing that I didn't get to watch The Bears game.
Paging Kyle Orton.
my office?
My house?
My car?
Some sort of pergatoryesq place in the woods?
A long tennis match?
aaawwwwwwwwww!
Not many puppies could top that!
What?!?
I'm aggressive all the time!
I'm a young lion!
Rawrrrrr!
What lion would ever even think to bark like a chihuahua?
I loathe spring allergies
i knew it lol
Your number is still in my phone for a reason: to not respond when I see you've texted me
Your write up did!
sadly, no.
I'm just there for the last three days of my ship stint in May.
Where are you going in Costa Rica?

Made the boys look, huh?
I want to start working out everyday
follow back :
Harper, that's a good point and I agree.
Again with Baum's intro: he wants to delight readers 1st
no.
Sudden death overtime is the way to go.
Playoff rules all season.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: If you want to FLY, you got to give up what WEIGHS you down!
Now following new choir
lol not yet.
Ill let u know if I ever do..
:p
Reading a 500 page book about the history of cancer is probably the most depressing thing ever
I spent many a lunch break listening,sometimes wasn't even hungry.
Good luck on this opportunity, I'll miss my lunch buddy.
is so excited to bring this amazing neighborhood of smartly designed, energy efficient homes to Ontario!!!
I'm glad you are finally coming around to team jbay.
Check out the new background.
I am going to miss coaching this summer :
Someone text me.
XRays, electrodes, a loud and painful back crack.
The road to recovery has begun!!
Same time tomorrow ;
According to search warrant the mother of the child who died after doctornking gas smoked crack infront of her kids.
Snapdoctorgon, Qualcomm, who cares?
It will always be Jack Murphy Stadium.
cocktail time where is your favorite place to go for an after work doctornk in Madison?
Aww thank you!
You guys are the best :
it's a doctorving test kid you got this!
:
On the way back from Philly, AGAIN.
That's a total of 9 hrs doctorving for a total of 15 minutes of auditions.
My poor car.
Flying Fish in Old Town.
You are my favorite sushi joint.
Good times with Jodi and Glen.
take me with!
bickertons about to get about to the face
Doh!
Yes, Tom!
Thanks for the help.
I'm sure I'll get it.
:
consider me an avid...
spectator; I don't actually xfit but have tremendous respect for it!
Thx!
learned as much as others in the class my learning  the TRMA585 ahha moments w/ tools like twitter made it xtra fun :
iCIMS is going after Taleo customers unsurprisingly with emails titled Life After Taleo
Breakfast in bed for my mommy!
yougottaloveitwhen the chiropractic patient gets better immediately.
What migraine?
www.3cpdx.com
followed me on Keek!
im so happy 3 Now i wish he would follow me on twitter...
Please ;
JUST THOUGHT OF A REALLY GOOD IDEA when one of the boys tweet me one day,you'll find out what it is so anyone wanna like RT me to their TL!?
WOO!
Have fun!!
I'm just tired of the single life.
Have a wonderful and safe Easter Weekend!
I wish I could have everything I ever needed just delivered to the house
Smiles, and hugs you Thank you, Nessie.
I am super frustrated that I cannot legally download OnlyTheHorses right now, because I do not live in Jolly Olde.
Will YOU follow ?
Because I certainly won't...
I fcking love to ACT!
I love to be in it, watch it, do it, see it, feel it, embrace it.
did you get the invite for Weds nite Women in Technology on FB?
Feel free to bring others if you can come...
Most of the time when girls ask a question we already know the answer we just want to hear it for ourselves.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
Laurence J.
Peter
ou thank you when you follow me :D
coming home from a cold night of work at the barn, and there waiting for me 3 HUGE racks of ribs!
3 oh yes
I've broken three glasses and a pane of glass since i've moved in.
Is that good luck or bad luck?
follow if you are a playwright or producer and you want to learn something fabulous and new almost every day.
Seriously.
iProspect study found that 67 of online searches are doctorven by offline messages, with 39 of shoppers ultimately making a purchase
these rewrites must be done by hand
Good luck!!!
Thanks for keeping all your adoring fans posted.
We are all thinking of you and are so excited!!!
Hope all goes well!
o ok
My cat just woke up, licked my nose then went right back to sleep  lol
Just skim through the questions  links I posted.
Booty booty booty 
Oscar Week,get ur 1 guess in by Saturday 8pm EST for Movie of The Year..300 n bottle of Crystal Champ..My Guess is THE HELP Im21
haha.
how long has it been going on in there?
Did they win the game you went to?
has an amazing singing voice.
like no joke...i could listen to him sing all day.
3
Which isn't exactly a compliment haha.
But yeah, he's always been a great rebounder for his size.
Relationships are fun
People want to help, they just want to be talked to in a way that inspires them
Im use to that one and done but you got that get it right
Be a blessing to someone today!
Think kind thoughts and be slow to anger or assumption.
Be gentle with yourself.we r all works in progress.
so sorry!
if my boy wasn't get married tomorrow I'd hit Austin w/ for Cinco de Mayo.
Another wedding, lucky me...
noah wrote allie 365 letters, i think you can answer my text
Following man.
And spreading the love Mizzou'04
lol yea I'm cool.
Jus been taking a break from all this social website stuff.
How are you?
Maine named most peaceful state in America huffpost Of course!
Everyone is frozen solid!
well I'm proud to see your accomplishing things with so much on your plate
Thanks for the warm welcome!
haha ive been goodd, pumped that summers practically here how have you been doing??
I love deals!
Especially at sephora.
Try code extra to get an extra 20 off sale items.
Last tweet goes out to for giving me the idea to use  oomf :
Every time Emerick used the term waffle board, I crave the Rooty Tooty Fresh and Fruity breakfast.
That moment when doesn't text you back and leaves you all alone
nope i dnt lol u got ass hairs let me braid them
Nutella and Vanilla wafersHappiest girl ever :
CJ Watson needs to be your bama of the week, week!!!
Herman Cain's candidacy reminds me of Peter Sellers' in Being There
I had a great day with tori and katelynn thanks for paintin my car!
Advice on How to Start a Clothing Line From WellExperienced Fashion Consultant Rodoctorck Rainey
I just created this account to find online network marketers to follow and become friends' with.
Thank you for checking out my professorle.
Ha ha four double plays love it
Ive Seen And Read Worst
yeah I'm the lazy one :P
Good morning art world!
What are you creating today?
You should print your photo, dunk it in the mud, and tape a shitty piece of yellow film to it.
Instagram'd!
:
Any city any town stick me where the hood at.
thank you for the RT and the favorite!
James 1:19 is one of my favorites too and one I try to follow daily.
God bless!
Here comes CardiacCapps ...
Hold your breath ladies and gents.
When women don't see other women in powerful roles, it's symbolic annihilation.
Thanks, you too ;
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by doctorwbacks and discomforts.
Arnold Bennett
It's Friday
: I found an Iphone 4 Yesterady...shit made my day lmfao...
Oh I'm glad you found my phone, I was looking of it lol
oh boy here we go againn
I'm admittedly not the biggest MLB fan but missing OpeningDay after missing finalfour is tough when abroad.
Go WhiteSox!
so hes gay?
A study at The Kinsey Institute found some of the most common problems with condom use to be damage, not checking the expiration da...
I miss last year
on it like white on riceq.
THANK YOU!!
Wow.
WTG Palermo's!
RT : Huge thanks to for incredible donation of 36,000 pizzas!
You guys are amazing!
I know!!
excitement
Celtics guard Rajon Rondo scored 4 points with 8 assists and 3 rebounds in the first half.
John 14:1 Do not let your hearts be troubled.
Trust in God; trust also in me.
I'm running into problems working toward admin license due to not having teaching experience...despite 12 years equivalent wrk as psych.
their lining green up on Summerville...
I dont know if I like that?
Did you packet pick up already?
Sitting on the couch with :
you should totally do that!
I'm pretty sure they'd lose the road war against cars.
WTF?
I'm the furthest from being a belieber than i can ever be!
i can't stand him!
RT : Don't miss my 2part special assignment at 9 all about bones!
Tell your friends!
did an awesome job.
thanks for the heads up!
just gave me the best hair massage and wash!
Heavens no, let's kids get addicted to a genre!
We can encourage diff genres in an APPEALING manor  but never pressure.
RT : Every nigga that plays for the lakers needs to tear an ACL simultaneously.
Are the Bulls in trouble?
What's up with injuries across the league?
has those answers  more on the show now!
haha we will be here whenever you make it!
This info will be useful!
RT RT : Barrio in Tremont serves Tacos until 2am 7 days a week.
And then I spilt coffee all over my dad's car.
ohh lord u dnt even knw what i meant
you are so beautiful!
An with all respect your body is amazing!
So so gorgeous!
tell her too close them too....
I could smell it all tha way over here
turning 14 tomorrow :p
How on earth was that a tech on Faried??!
So professorund!
After all these years, I just got outt my way.
Amen to that bruh!
I get to do demo this weekend guys, you jelly?
Lol
Vigil at the Mark Taper2 hours of my life I'll never get back.
Oh, wait, I got an hour backwe left at intermission!
Senior Expo at Foundation House in Bothell is going well.
Love meeting these folks with their great stories and experiences!
misterDavis is killing me with these reading guides!
2011.08.20 Brewers 11 Mets 9  KRod goes back home / Blows the lead then gets the win / crazy good fortune
:D vas ir a school?
Congrats on your launch!
tag me
tweets too much
Want to buy book  journal  of course a tshirt from , but there's a horde in front of their table.
A mustachioed horde.
Not Rebecca Black's Friday?
Fun fun fun fun
clef: what you try never to fall off of.
bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
Sounds great.
I have to say, I'm pleasantly surprised by the boldness of the vision on these boards.
They went for it.
Have a wonderful and safe holiday weekend Chicago!
I feel so far away being on the West Coast.
Right now watching Say Anything.
makes me miss my guy WAY too much.
FWIW, I shopped at one in the UK and it was crap.
But I wouldn't skip due to ONE bad location.
Dunno if there are any here.
Bringing in more antiques today, getting ready for the weekend, hope the weather gets a little nicer though....
OH: I can't watch sexy people when I'm sick...
don't do that dunn sonn!!!
If your up text me!
Tropical Hot Dog Night...
Like two flamingos in a fruit fight!
the trial, holy rollers, zombieland or any anthony bourdain...for starters!
Liam !
:o i Cant ' ah .
another i miss , well next time x
Can You Do Me This Huge Favor?
FOLLOW ME!: I LOVE YOUU!:
Put in Wiltjer
1963 Beatle George Harrison was impressed by an unsigned rock band he just heard called the
I'm really excited for our carb day attire
bonus points for me, then  nature has its own lighting.
;
Sooner or later we will be featured in a mag !
Just ordered 2 Responsive Design Sketchbooks from
Sounds exciting!
Looking forward to chatting.
I couldn't stand all the singing.
Every dang chapter it seemed like there was a song!
I liked the Hobbit a lot, though.
The Killing has gone on too long.
Too many twists and turns for its own narrative good.
And I can't be the only one weary of the rain.
You are uniquely you
still went.
it was delicious!
sorry I've been MIA for a while.
i just have no time these days
but I don't live there?
lolzzzzzzz this is funny to me
hello everyone:
thanks for spreading the word!!
RadioWaves make sure to check out what is up to this week www.rftpmusic.com
Back in the USSR  or so it feels having watched a 4yearold boy get bodysearched before international departure.
Day 1: truck needs work.
Know any certified weldors?
Brittany Griner is Juwannaman.
Show me that birth certificate.
we r now.
Lol wicked storms.
New SINGLE called DJ BRING IT BACK produced by will be up for listenling soon.VIRTUAL X IS WHATS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.VX!!!!!!!
Thanks for the motivation, got me in a better mindset to go out the door with!
Got in 18.5 mi before the crazy day began!
Thanks!
I am really going to miss the shuttle and all the great people behind her.
So glad u made it out for this.
Neutrino a gogo.
Send Austin Fan Mail  Austin Mahone PO BOX 592288 San Antonio, TX, 78259
this afternoon's research question is about the loma prieta earthquake
...close win over clemson huh.....lmao...guess tajh shudnt have said our defense is average...they wore him out all night
The hubs not only fell asleep but, went to bed at 11:20.
Boo.
Happy New to me and my bottle of sparkling...
wassup morris just wanted n2 tell u dat u were my favorite player in college and now u got doctorfted by my favorite team
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town!
Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Word is bond.
I know cuz we are going to be all excited and act like we high...on life ;
: can you imagine how many hundoctords of calls blown over the years before instant replay?
championships won/lost?
yep
o m g, I think he was the best singer out of the whole show!
Mahomies can get trends going faster than any other fans 3 because we are more than fans and would go to the moon and back for austin 3 3
good luck today sir.
If you're serious about your word, I suggest you start being serious about us.
: the most unbelievably awesome hour I've ever had.
Each entrepreneur is more amazing than the next  Monica
Arizona makes me stay up al night this house it's this house I swear :p
sweet idea for the sandwich contests.
The Fiona is awesome!
milwaukee Good morningRise N Shine!
Grab a cup of coffee, hang out with the staff heredo a little shopping before you get to the jobsite!
4th of July: perfect time to update New Year's Resolutions.
Make sure that one resolution is to see Strictly Painting 8 at MPA.
Welcome back to the playoffs Grant!
Congrats to Cue Ball on their sucessful oncue2011 event!
PlanetTran was proud to be a sponsor.
I hate when people dont put AN in front of a vowel.
I'm for sure the realest hooper you'll find in a se park please beg to differ
I was messaging u in league of legends to play with you but I guess u didn't see it
keep calm, and love one direction3
FF thanks for RTs this week!
I can't wait to open the market with  APRO.PK  tomorrow penny stocks will trun my life around..
Haha well I was gonna go to the mall,Ohh well that's why there's netflix!:
This Is The Part Of Me That You Are Never Gonna Ever Take Away From Me
What a terrific terrific episode of
That is without a doubt the coolest idea I've heard in a long time.
heyy: do you have facebook?
if you do could you LIKE something for me?!
it's for a contest :
whenever I see you talk to girls I cant help but...wake up from my sleep
The Human Centipede II  what the fuck did I just watch?
OO
Extremely proud to work for especially after hearing 's talk tonight at the StartupAmerica event
you're in such good shape weirdo!
We hope you picked up a box !
After all, it was National Chocolate Chip Day.
:
thanks for sponsoring the show
What is WITH this show???
Disturbing.
I like it!
THANK YOU for saying this.It was necessary.Some people don't get that they hurt Selena.
if we blame diabetes on capitalist food production, do we disempower people to make their own health choices?
4.
I WAS BORN  RAISED IN THE STL!
Absolutely ; RT Movie night with , ice cream slurpees  fresh popcorn.
Should we watch ...Ferris Bueller's Day Off?
The pubic wig has been around since the 1400s.
It was originally worn by women who wanted to hide diseases like syphilis.
find me then its Cody Nicolas Argumaniz
don't diss our community just bc of one Twitter account Jen
Enjoy the vacay!!
Some crazy girl gave me her number and told me to call her maybe.
Her name was carly rae?
Just saw Redtails.
Awesome movie.
Great history lesson.
April 22  when's your half marathon?
lmaoo , then the tv is heckaa lame .
i just woke up, but soon as i find some food ima take a nap lmao.
I am indeed.
Ive be wonderful and Busy...
Need to catch up with you....
Lol you already know
Charles Barkley's talkin' trash again!
He called the Riverwalk that dirty little creek last night, do you agree or is he talkin' smack!?
One thing that I would like to do is get to know oomf with a phone call 
So cold
Hey skinny new kushhouse cd coming out soon?
My mind has been on a totally different level lately.
It's almost scary.
Cosentino: Watch your voice in phone interviews.
Be like a Harvard professorssor: often wrong, but never uncertain.
Spartans did not capitalize enough on UofLs horrible start
You know what?
I'm done trying.
I have never seen something like this before.
oh hell yea, i love me some doctorgon balls
just did; Followed 
thanks for the great article!
Post grad job hunting is never easy.
hahaha baad idea.
When I get an iPhone I'm switching networks.
Sprint had a tower down and I literally JUST got service back
Up  4 am two weeks before school starts.
Dear brain: PLEASE SHUT DOWN.
starting to blend!
That IS good news!
My 3 year old is still unsure about my little baby.
Your boys are close together!
Music from The Thin Blue Line by Philip Glass.
So sad.
is our fave.
Why didn't anyone tell me about skylight books in los Feliz?
Amazing.
I got my porn, fiction and philosophy fill in one place.
East coast to the midwest
I want to go on the spaceplane.
I lost my 200 grand on Chippewa though...
Custom Screen Printing  8007240577 or .
Get your estimate!
No setup charges, no hidden fees!
I know you ain't cussn !
You can now follow the Progressive Community Calendar on twitter at
ATL in Sep to get that green ticket from
We hit a record 76 hits for 1/19/12.
Hopefully this can become a regular trend.
:
e: Excellent choice to cheat on a diet.
Well done!
However that sounds way to tempting as I am dieting myself.
childishly, i like to say googers not googlers
The Usual Suspects is such a good movie, every time it come on I have to watch it...
Keyser Söze...
And like that...
He's gone
Ciao Bella Jewelry is gearing up for Valentine's Day!
Do you have a gift for your sweetheart?
We have many great gifts to offer.
your brothers are seriously the cutest!!!
I just got a T3i which is a Canon's entry level and love it.
The next step up is the 60D.
Start small and see if more is needed
You got it David  looked like something you'd find valuable.
Saludos!
Dad is going to get a TV for his birthday.
I think he would rather have a bottle or sweet bread.

I Love You   Friends Until The End :  I Hope You Get Hit By A Bus.
jkjkjk lol
I missed it too but I'm going to watch it when it comes on next.
Resource of the Week: Amazing Animals of the World, includes facts about animals: where it lives, what it eats, and more!...
Kids did Secret Santa w/ each other 2day...Dyllan made Tia a video, Eli wrote Naika a song  the girls did Bama pics 4 boys!
Pics to follow!
ShawnMikael first Fringe Fest.
A blast.Thanks to for a damned fun run.
On to Leesburg, Harrisburg, DCImprov
I hope you decide to join us at St.
John's.
It's a great place to launch your future from!
It's serendipity: his Chase IRA matured this month and he wants financial assistance while I'm in town...
I'm seeing this evening, time is slowing and working against me.
Welcome to twitter Susan!
Maybe they'll just skip real 4G and call it 5G.
Or 4G For Realz.
Cuddling  everything else
I'm to the point where I'm done with everybody.
...incase Caleb wanted to know where you live?
ReplaceEminemSongWithShady lose shady
haha i want some pasta to
o i jus looked at  pro....i remember her cute ass...she was bout to get beat up by keisha rite!
stab someone.
Well it is finally here!
24 wks till ironmanLouisville started my training schedule this morning.
Got a great swim in this morn, run tonite
showing off some awesome shoes coming up at 6  the best part!
They are all under 40!
to be honest all the data journo stuff feels like a load of dingos kidneys.
Thanks..
DM me ur  so we can talk
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!X
You're a weiner!
If Newt becomes President, there will be MANY volunteers to go to Mars!
How does May 3rd look for you?
i second this statement !
Right about now Deadpool is wondering how you got inside his Comic Book...
Diablo I is about to be released, guess I better order it for the library's video game collection!
Besides being an ethnic portmanteau, Blatino is a place in Bulgaria.
Thanks for the follow!
SteveHarveyMovieI haven't seen it yet but yes I am a doctorAMER/MAMA'S BOYBAMM
pod photography.
It's beautiful and frightening.
I love it.
Consider it pure joy when you face trials, they develop perseverence and that develops character so u will b whole lacking nothing...
Teen's doctorve led to EMT, teaching  Hutchinson News
Fact of the Day: In an earthquake, Tim Wakefield's knuckleball appears to be perfectly flat.
So sad to hear of the passing of Tim today.
He was always willing to help me out when I needed it.
So respected.
He'll be missed.
Go Real Salt Lake!
Jonesing for OregonTrail Photos!
I know you guys are hard at work and appreciate it!
Thx for covering the event!
So excited about St.
Louis.
Most of us are cheaters , why because we cheat on our future with our past
Badgers get four points out of one possession  a FT from Wilson, an Oboard from Brueser and then a three from Taylor.
4640 now.
What will you do with your free time?
: 
RT Enjoy the weekend!
Wrong answer!
So funny because I think I saw one in my kitchen this morning..maybe if I send it love it will go away?
no only in private
looks like my softball game will be cancelled  I was ready to hit some bombs tonight!
This fanfic  sleep
let the reefer party begin
and what about you?
S/O to my new follower
.
Home Bar Staples: Vodka, Gin, Rum, Tequila, Whiskey, Triple Sec.
OJ, Sour, Cran, Lime Juice.
Ice.
Adjust as needed.
:
A favorite has no friend!
Thomas Gray
Beach Boys Pet Sounds and tribute to the wall of Sound is almost two weeks away.
Git your tickets now!
I hate how I'm always the one attacked.
Had another great turn out for FNM 40!
Hope to see you all next week to throw down!
OK let me know when u free
That should do it
we had fun doe , that was only thing that ruined it
the multiplicity of data references will be the ongoing battle  grading goodness of multi references
Happy Halloween!
Remember we have tons of deluxe/specialty strip on lashes to put that finishing touch on your costume.
Be safe!
Any Web Design or Graphic Design intern interested in revamping our FB Page??
Let's Talk...DM us.
i'm on there but I never make playlists.
I only use it on my computer.
He can u go to the movies?
Looking for a bass player.
If you think you or someone you might know might be a good fit, send us a message.
No slappin' da byass mon.
so , I've moved on .
And I now hate you .
YIKES!
I would be screaming.
: A mouse just skittered across the floor.
HAAN RMF 4 4 Pack Replacement Pads Fast shipping and pads are ...
congrats on being on the Best places to work list from !!
I don't even think you have to ask, ME ME ME!
O your late lol
What on earth is hacker dojo?
I suppose I could look it up, but that's not very tweeterific now, is it?
I don't wanna talk about you like you're not in the room.
yes!
Text me
there's a ton; some of the best in short form online.
But it will give away all the plot twists if I rec it...
tear I want to thank not only god but Jesus for the day I followed you :'
Thanks to : book The Innovators DNA.
Mastering the Five Skills of Disruptive Innovators
A mysterious holiday wish from an elf, Happy Valentine's Day from Spriggan herself!
We are clearly the cool kids for thinking of real live, consuming whales!
A group of TN librarians is in Washington DC this week participating in Natl Lib Legislative Day!
TLA Prez giving updates.
thank you!
we love it too!
jv
Just because it is raining doesn't mean you can't still have fun.
Stop by Decanter event at Pimlico!
126 PM
fine n u
GIRL RESPECT is trendin' now, we did our job well ;
Visit here.
Follow.
Sign up for run.
Do it.
Lung cancer sucks.
Watching school us on the proper ways to use NSURLConnection including the deprecated stuff
are you and Scottie still shooting that?
There are jello shots at this party but they do not hold a candle to yours
Hey Babe guess what?
Ill love you till the day i ..
Find a better girl
how bout the whole night?
I want a Marcus Anthony/Jason Wayne match!
.
appreciate the set list tweets, scott.
and official grand opening congrats to
THANK YOU!!
LOOK FORWARD TO DO BUSINESS TOGETHER!!!!
Looking for call center agents to sell beauty things to beauty stores nation wide in the USA...
Please make comments if your intersted
come out and support tonight at 7:05pm!!!
Today is my doabsolutelynothing day.
I think I've earned it.
Very nice turn out for Left Right  Christ event at Union Theo.
Seminary!
cool lol oh and...
i lik ur new pic pretty coll!: lol cait wait till friday get to see my boyfriend yeah
I'm only mean when I'm hungry lol
feel better!
What's wango tango?
When are you going to get a verified account ?
What do you think the jury will decide in the Amy Sensor case?
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
I've been loving your tweets today.
whenever bro I'm down for whenever
I'm just the reporter here RT Dude, that's disturbing.
Just ran inside to ask ..
who is playin golf in denver today???
RT Its been times when I would write a research ppr and short hand 80 of it
Indians and BlueJays both with 2 runs on just 1 hit.
Random late night question: what's your favorite literary costume?
if only!
It was a great presentation!
love the name you and chose for your bundle of joy.
S/O to for being one of the coolest and prettiest girls I know
how far have you read in the books?
It smells like eggs on the train, which can only lead to the smell of egg farts later.
Lucky me!
I am pleased and surprised that you still hear that song.
M.
Is in good hands.
strongGUITAR!!/strong
As soon as you hit December 1st nothing arrives faster than Christmas!
Finally starting to watch with
I want to doctorss up.
I'll just bring a wardoctorbe change.
I found out that Don Quijote dies so I don't really have to take Spanish 4 anymore.
exactly!
I'm an experienced brand journalist  I'm growing communities through digital storytelling...
how about you?
On my show I play Broadway showtunes.
More of an avocation.
My wife and I do lots of animal rescue work, though.
So I'm watching Avatar in 3D on my Samsung Smart TV..
This shit looks bad.
And by bad, I mean AMAZING.
21stcenturyslang duh.
Thx for the follow ladies..:
Do you ever wonder?
Friend just alerted me to the fact that an ampersand looks like a guy doctorgging his butt across the floor  I will NEVER be able to unsee it.
well im in 2 hours im going to my spring football camp it is going to be fun
I love the tube of cream cheese coffee cart lady gives.
Bagel get jealous with what I do to that tube.
;
The longer you hide your feelings from him, the more you'll fall for him.
Kobe Bryant's night looks done with 7:52 left and the Nuggets leading the Lakers 10173.
Kobe has 31 points.
How is everyone this evening?
Did you get to play in the sunshine today?
Just email me
Feel like I owe people an apology .
The sheep will continue to be sheep at the expense of workers.
Good morning
Another day, glad to be alive....and to work on time, always a toss up
blog girlfriend metromilwaukeeliving.com awaits hm maybe best places to go on a cold Sat in Jan brrrrrr
Reno is burning.
It is striking to wake up to the south all smoke and fire.
We're sorry to hear that!
What exactly was different from our normal service?
Hope you'll come give us another try!
Like blonde blonde.
Oh No!
That's no good.
I'm sorry, Jill!
it was great running into you today, doctornks this week?
McDonald had a game score of 76 tonight.
Tied his near nohitter and Burnett's first game for the best Pirate start this year.

.
Think I'M going to get married.
I think it would be so so sweet.
goodbye social life, hello the Sims 3.
Who did you choose to go all the way this year??
well what else could we do?
Reggie Aqui seemed sorrowful about the guy trying save his 2 year old in the river!
So glad I finally got to see
I hate people
oops sorry I didn't mean to tag you!
:
All is fine
Ahh, yes, and I've got all of those things, though I might hold off on the soup until a more reasonable hour ;
FriAt5 at C.
Grace y'all up for it?
i've been wanting 2 go to CG
Working on supportstraining for our teacher leaders; would love to brainstorm approaches
I love the truly great casting directors...they just 'get' you.
Hey you sexy beeyotch!
eagles and cowboys lose!
Great Sunday so far!!
happy birthday man
YEP RT What if I'm in love with someone who's introverted?
Does that mean I get to talk nonstop for the rest of my life?
Got a lot of stuff on my mind today, thinking about everything.
today is my birthday!
: I hope you notice me :
I'm scared of rollercoasters too,can I ride you instead?;
Booze, small venue.
Great peeps.
The Rodeo Parade starts in 15 minutes!!
Send us your pictures if you are at the parade this morning!
after the fact?
No thanks!
Ryan O'Neal's son Patrick on with us NOW!
Defending his Dad, saw tweet and called us!
Two thumbs up and a big thank you to Arlington!
I wanna be Batman!
:
5 rose bushes planted, 2 azaleas and 8 strawberry plants.
Celebrating the digital release of Out of the Shadows..Goin fishing later..
just seen the google maps car.
Work work work!!
;
Determined to actually be productive today
Perfect snuggle weather.
Nice  Cozy:
You Would Make My Christmas 100 Better If You Followed Me.
Love You!!
: 333
yea you should probably have this.
Thanks!
And all images are used legally.
That is the tough part of presentation images.
So excited for
my boyfriend is adorable.
three more hours!
this is wild man
F the DMV seriously.
Why can't I get you off of my mind?
Lost our lease?
Practice tomorrow!
Tehya wonders why I'm putting things in the window.
Oh, kitty, those are Christmas decorations...
I met the discoverer of the first black hole in the universe, Very humbling to be in his presence.
many thanks for the response.
Today's NY Times crossword puzzle, done last night in Dad's honor, is like an angry debate in a maze.
Watching Power Rangers Samurai
We have experience printing for political campaigns.
With many products including, candidate brochures, palm cards, mailers...
and more.
Get ready freddy for some music tonght in Murfreesboro, TN w/ We go on at midnight!
It's styling  05/16/12: Peptides came to the cosmetic industry's attention due to their ability to heal wounds by increasing product...
you're welcome.
What have you got planned for it?
Is it me or has micro blogging become stagnant?
I sit here, I post, and yet I feel dull.
I think I'll do something about it.
Yes...sadly, yes.
Should be titled Grandma Gone Wild, really.
Anyone taking bets on if I get escorted out of the hospital today?
Is it bad the staff know me by my first name?
Linfield: attacks on humanitarian workers part of wider attack on the concept of the civilian.
Helen Thomas is clueless and utters stupid stuff that she heard other people say.
In this case, what Obama said to her in private.
MonsterEnergy may be the same color as antifreeze, but I'd doctornk it more often than water if I could.
all the guy is doing is fitting in new curtains  he's already made a huge mess in my EXTIDY living room urgh
Thank you Lord!
finally got fired.
Finally!
and I thought I had a blogging problem.
:
FOLLOW ME TWITTER FRIENDS, PEOPLE IM FOLLOWING PLEASE DO THE SAME THANKS :
Look at me when I'm talking to you .
you were 10 minutes late!
People all over this country are answering calls for help!
Thank you to everyone that has contacted us to get involved!
You are all amazing!
Questionable value in second trade of day 1 and two reaches according to NFL Network.
Broncos likely to get low doctorft grade.
Time will tell.
I really really really really like James Morrison right now.
still working...
12 for one 15 sub with chips and a doctornk at Cousins?!!?
Will be sticking w/ Subway and JimmyJohns from now on!
Come over and eat dinner on the island if you like today around 5 if back in town.
welcome to the iPhone family.
Is it sad that I want to see the fresh beat band in concert...
Don't answer that.
It is sad, but I don't care!
:
still?
Tell her I love her.
awful!
how can we get community back?
Np Wild Boy  Always Amps Me Up In The Morning
Originality is my favorite quality.
You have to lead yourself before you can lead others.
Lol!
RT : Only went 115 on lights on the way home but got hit on by high school girls in a Jetta so it balances out.
Chilly day in New England...
What kind of coffee should we get with our bagel?
Or maybe...
hot chocolate?
There's an alley in Harajuku near the Stussy/Undefeated with 3 or 4 stores.
Between them you'll find some sick kicks
NowPlaying John in the Morning Show
I can send the numbers of the cards I used that were involved in the scam.

You sound cool, too.
Since your degree in horribleness is honorary, mine was earned.
I bet we are equally horrible.
I just wanna stayy home stupid testss.
:/
Don't need someone like that
Smiling at the bitch that hates me just cause it makes them hate you more
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
Noelie Altito.
Have a happy Easter break, everyone!
Wow I'm sitting here at the DMV LOONG AZZ LINES
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it
GetsOnMyNerves when people show up at their own event LATE !!
Really?
C'mon now...
Lol
thanks for the follow!
MUFC fam!!!
get the fuck outta my face stanley.........o stanley
On that note I'm off to the P for some craziness, that would be doctorma free craziness!
;
THXS TO THE PPLE WHO FOLLOW THX SO MUCH
Don't let your ears hear what your eyes didn't see and don't let your mouth say what your heart doesn't feel.
The Puccias are 50 off tonight....
Grunge is so in, lets all dye our hair a cute pastel color yalll
Making waffles for breakfast  
The sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you.
oomf
I sleep with my phone just incase oomf needs me.
3
well maybe your new boyfriend can call you baby;
Her mom was Jane Mansfield!
Hey !
We received our People Love Us on Yelp letter and sticker today!
We are glad to be so loved!
Finally caught up on your Tech News Today interview  liked it a lot!
Also, nice to see you in video!
:
We're here  the Anaheim Convention Center til Sat for the American Baseball Coaches Association.
Sunscreen fundoctorisers  perfect for sports
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
Francois De La Rochefouca
i jus taught my mom how to Reject!!!
ROFL she fell a few times but she eventually learned!
they are already awarded says since 12/25/2011 and when I log in my gamerpic also doesnt show only my gamertag
Are G and the Flyers channeling the whiney, entitled Pens?
Hustling to get to get stuff done
Tomorrow the Xavier club volleyball team heads to Kansas City for nationals.
Hoping they do well in play!
Can we please revive our COMPANY for Sondehim's bday?!
Amirite et al?
Abt the home occupation?
Not that I've heard.
aggressive joe
or when your in the tanning bed lmaoo
i never noticed it before, but now that you mention it..
Think that it's time for a game with of

you're such a sweetie.
I love Apple but don't think I'll be standing in those crazy lines today!
Has it really been a week since delany?
: I'm sorry you have that pain, I think I'm developing it too.
I copy you a lot don't I?
Snooki will give birth to a cheeto.
I lov ur YouTube videos a lot
woo hoo!
People are speaking up!
This is Awesome!
Barbq and beans3
tweets every song he listens to.
Someone teach this kid bout twitter
I miss being close.
Can't believe next year is my 10 year class reunion.
handled like a boss proud of you!
Still amazed at last nite's show.
Duet w/ kid from audience, crowdsurfed, brought fans on stage, 3 hrs of great music!
A big stop by the Giants D!
A good choice by my Now let's see what the can do.
They need to beef up the O line I think.
Protect
The website is live and running..
the votes are crazy already.
If u think u've got what it takes..become a member  theeroticchallenge.com
A Thank You haha
Jackie, thanks for the follow
Everyone check out  follow
Did you check out some new places this weekend?
Don't forget to rate/review on !
Announcing fun contests this week for users!
Thanks for the follow; Im releasing a single off my second tape later this week; check it out if you have the time Con
Aargh US culture MT I was mathCS undergrad in Algeria ....
50 were female same ratio for Lib Science?
Math was not a guy thing
Bible totalblackout funniest show ever !!!!
I died :D
ThinnestSportsBooks WNBA list of women that ARE NOT lesbian..
S/o to everyone who came thru the kickback at the crib last night too much KUSH not enough swichers
Roll Tide
Nossa!
É isso mesmo!
It's certainly how I feel at times.....
Come check out our acoustic foam!
hey watcha up to i missed tweeting you feels like forever lol
CBSSanFrancisco Rewards via
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine?
Once apron a time no body gave a fuck.
The end.
It's an acknowledgment of similar tastes.
If I ever saw you online playing SSX for instance, I'd DM you a pat on the butt.
Attn all poets  were looking for a special poem to represent our Org.
please submit to
Love it.
Great stuff!
Hope he has a successful surgery.
how long is the car ride ?
peopleiveseenlive High School Musical, Hilary Duff, The Jonas Brothers, Cheetah Girls, yeah I'm cool ; Paul McCartney and Justin Bieber 3
RACHEL CROW!!
luv that girl
hey was good
NICE jersey!!!
Fuck you, asshole who is honking at me.
I'm pretending your honks are actually applauds for my amazing doctorving abilities.
Still no Internet at my place.
But I WROTE ON THIS THING CALLED PAPER TODAY!
Its not too bad :
things looks for in people: passion combined with calmness  competence combined with humility
were they wrote in crayon?
well i dont have any names right off th bat.
google it
happy new years!!
no it doesn't matter  I have 3 tracks you can download and write over  stay in touch your voice belongs on the radio
PhiMA great point from Kevin Hein facebook is about word of mouth and engagementyour customers r there
We're pleased to be at NADA2012 in Vegas this week!
Are you attending?
I really like SKY 7.
Shouldn't have waited so long to upgrade.
She's so sweet.
ugh you done goof'd son.
BGC my show, but all dem hoes Weak cus they had to jumped each other for the Whole season
It's Nationalgolfday and iam at work!
No other boat company offers more to customers than MarineMax!
Working together towards one goal.
Maximizing enjoyment your on the water!
for what ?
I didn't even do anything tho ?
interesting note that Betty Crocker no longer advertises on TV.
so awesome!
You guys must be on cloud 9!
:
and I are watching a channel that has all folk songs that we sing at camp.
Where have all the flowerz gone lol
sometimes i do it when im wicked high.
w/ Jenny chillen in Math, waiting for the freaking bell to ring.
.
in nerd glasses.
TutorMeBaby ;
Raise your hand if you are tired of the Kim Jong Un dead vs Kim Jong Undead spacing tweet.
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if youre thrown around, get up and go again
When do you get to Indy?!
Question: I need to go paperless.
Recs for good systems?
Scanner, software, methodology, whatever.
My filing system is a failure.
Yep.
Got a couple other stories coming on Snappers players: One on A.J.
Pettersen and one on Miguel Sano.
He's good.
If a girls biting her lip, you know your doing a damn good job with whatever your doing.

I thought any heretic appearing on 700 Club burst into flames from the concentrated hate!
haha so u don't want one
yup after the Bucks game
For us, these are the days
Archivists, are you or is your institution adding photos to ?
Yes, we are currently just in the US, based in Washington, DC
These niggas on the 49ers out here hitting
: Amazing!
I never knew Faryn was the matriarch.
When did she usurp Jen??
after we killed Jen!
We're all just walking each other home.
Ram Dass
Workout time :
is my Netflix really still retrieving I hate when it does this..
The credo: 'Investigative' with a veneer of ignorance.
ah!!
Me too!
Possum!
Haha I will never forget that !:
No apologies needed!
If we all read every article on every blog we get linked to, we'd run out of time fast!
Thanks for asking!
your ticket to hell just got a little express stamp on it, girl ; hahaha
RT : Life is precious, to be welcomed, cherished  celebrated
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Oscar Wilde
You know you're a grownup when...you do a happy dance after a new washing machine is delivered!
When I hear Breakin' My Heart I tend to think about my Ex.....
Cory  Shawn 3
SO MANY MEMORIES IN THAT PLACE
FB said to befriend someone with which i have no mutual: friends, interests, networks, or work/school history.
Yes, I still friended them.
Oh, no, no, no.
Bedoctoroms aren't for tv's!
Bad Feng Shui.
:
Really?
I'm sorry...
it wasn't intended to be.
It always made me feel better, though I can see how it could be taken otherwise
i dee kay.
Oh hey, back to disinterested Billy.
Way to really sell something that was actually kind of cool, dick.
thx you too.
Got real nasty last week but feeling much better now after the meds ;
20 that Kobe does not get his sixth ring this year!!!
Again I'm offered food at SBUX today  I'm told they're supposed to be specific  they really are McDs, need a new place.
A welldeveloped sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life
I'm a big fan of the show, and you are the best cast they have.
Let me get a shout out, I just got into dental school!
FOR SURE.
better be prepared for Thursday tho..cause I got you 
Okay I could get a facebook later or just follow me on twitter n okay tell me yo name
Start Bar.
Atlanta.
Tonight Be there.
My favorite flavor of juice is performing.
The Pomegranates.
Suckas.
aaaaahate snakes!
I would not be able to handle that thing.
the person all over whose wall a shattening had taken place.
The German is getting to me
it would mean so much to me and my daughters 1DMix933 please
I've got one of those loud phone people here too.
Always ringing.
6th Annual SEATTLE LAPTOP BATTLE  This Friday 12/18  Chop Suey.
winner of the Laptop Battle has the option of a showcase set 2010
Watching Peter Pan on my laptop with !
This movie always reminds me of
Men who participate in athletics in their late teens experience bonebuilding benefits that last for years.
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my attention span!
Ain't nobody but my baby  best friend show me love over break !
Fuck yaw :p
ChiTown / Michigan..
2 weeks..
Not yet.
Where can I take a look?
Alrighty Ms.
Gladys...lol.
I see ya!!!
MDW cabbie back on phone.
sounds hysterical.
says do not trust media.
more screaming
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you.
Never excuse yourself.
Henry Ward Beecher
Ok, so technically the music I make is not Dubstep.
So what would it be called??
Any ideas what genre my music may be classified as?
I hope dinner is on a patio at least!
u r an idiot.
Stick to radio not sports
finished jogging after realizing cif is close for canada's day LOL
Eating Packs Of Gummy Bears,,, doctornkin Strawberry Brisk  Bo ,, aye
The grizzlies kicked ass and took names tonight.
See you Sunday night at FedEx forum.
New music coming soon !!!
Just getting in under the deadline.
Happy Birthday!
I still watch Glee, but I have no idea what the hell is going on during most of it.
These hoes will have you tied up, but Bitch I ain't no Shoelace.
See you tonight?
Dear Internet, that lemon party pic you sent me?
Not cool, dude.
Not cool.
Sincerely, ME
Good job representing the South, y'all.
You should change your password to 'Freese'.
never been a true high note trumpet player, but glad to see the range finally coming in.
Going to have my friend on the phone from to give us the full story on the passing of Beastie Boys MCA around 4pm.
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
Why do people live in gated communities?
Who are they really trying to keep out?
Going to visit mom today and will bring her chicken soup, the Jewish penicillin
Hes just a light skinned brotha
Do you enhance family life w/technology: digital mobile technology?
As a pastor/fam man, do u think tech is a  for families?
OMG like twins!
Beautiful ladies!
it looks fun though :D and really?:0 my phone is slow!
Stupid iPhone is like broke
lol I like the tweets...well I like winter...since in the summer it really dosent seem like summer.
We have no hot.days....
Oh boy this movie is about to have me all emo and shit.
Heartbreaker loss!
But this gal still bleeds orange!
Better luck next season!
I kind of want to see The Darkness when they come to in two weeks.
Anyone else down?
RUSH is in Pittsburgh!
Think Getty Lee will love our wine?
We shall see......
am thinking the kids should volunteer a little this SUMMER?
any ideas?!?!
Don't let a pretty face doctorg you into an ugly world if you let a pretty face doctorg you into a beautiful world you must have found heaven.
USS Defense operating near the Marsh Channel and Hog Island Creek seems to have attacked the attention of the HMS Tamar.
: teamSINGLE hit the DM.
what happened?
World Champions!!!!!!
So so so exhausted but looks like I'm heading to a barbecue !
Sure I'll wake up when I smell the food.
3 thank you :
what was in it?
sitting in on a home inspection.
Daytona 500 : lets go Kevin Harvick so since it look like rain today hope we have a Daytona 500 night race it be so cool!!
Stay Strong  Love Is Louder Than The Pressure To Be Perfect.
That's my inspiration right there!
Also could be a more direct nudge.
Easier way to bubble priority to the top  compared to sea of email.
Thanks 4 for the follow, have a good day.Good Bless
Ugh, that ONE guest is on one of my favorite podcasts.
I'm off to WalMart to buy a couple things I need for my workshop, and then it's time to do some major joolin'!
Art sale coming up in 2 weeks
If it is true, sad to me that y'all wouldn't be involved, but I know the rights issues can be a complicated mess.
me too!
The event sounded like a blast.
We must get together soon!
lmaooooo real talk and u still haven't burn
I believe the correct answer is the voicebox
NO!
Bobby doesnt work at McD's anymore :
has been posting some really great discussion points throughout the entire show.
Big thanks and shout outgo them!
Good afternoon everyone!
have a wonderful day!
Isn't that always the way!
It seems to b a common problem in large organizations
Indeed.
RT : Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
If the Government really sent people to jail for having credit scores less than 630 the world economy would collapse
What if they lose on Saturday?
: Now if I could only skype with that sneaky : let's Skype tomorrow or this weekend.
Go Big Blue!
Home Remodeling San Diego
Sitting in the dark kinda sucks!
WTF did people do w/o electric.
Waiting 4 TECO to fix
Yes, 4.
You've been told to be proud of who you are.
Never change for others.
But that's not an excuse to be selfish and demanding.
Thx!
I hope you have a good day too!!
Um......Goonies.
Like, totally!
The mavericks stole one in L.A now I know that the mavs are going to win the series RT
according to the UK Politicalcompass.org/test am a lefty libertarian  just to the right of the Dalai Lama, I might add.
Wait What?
Lmao....it be the ugliest hoes with the highest selfesteem!..ahahha FuckedUp!..
I do not have to be perfect all the time for my family to love me.
can u help me get followers
I never thought I'd love a chihuahua, I was wrong.
LOL thats Very true..
Adult competetion in that game ruins the fun of it..
But cant say that doing it doesnt being back memory
thanks for the Prezi advice!
Time to start making your St.
Patty's Day plans!
The Enders will be playing the Lafayette Brewing Co.
on March 17th.
More to come...
Congrats USA Women's Soccer team!
Its never over until its over!
pick me up a few things?
Thanks for the RTs!
kascali and thanks for mentioning us in your daily!
Happy Saturday Eve....
That is the nicest thing I have heard in a very long time.
Ikr!!!!
me too i usually wake up at 12:00 ,,,,,,,i wonder wat bug i got bit by?
The line for Sil's Donuts is currently at eight cars.
i love you.
how are you?
I thought it would be harder to say goodbye to my friends here.
I know I'll see all of them very soon and that makes it a lot easier.
its rute not to follow someone back dude!!!
Our homemade hot apple cider is making the lobby smell amazing..
Awh : I'm always here for you girl!
Are you ready for high school?
Just so you know RT : Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
okay skinny boii..
Toast the bread, and add a lot of mayo too Kay 
Need to get your cash out of your receivables to be able to run your business?
Consider factoring.
It is fast and easy.
They'll have to work!
Man I'm tired
plaseeee I'm content with a hello :
School , then getting dismissed at 12:30 to go to Texas bitches .
; 3
learn time spell.
Koala
It could be identical mode
im saying that ur those kind of girls who are into sports
Krav Maga techniques are taught at different levels of hierarchy
It's a process.
I can email you the info?
My coworker is on the board of trustees there
If you add, we will just go to ice cream without you, childoctorn become geniuses.
To get it done at work, get on the SNEAKER network!
whats that?
get up and talk to someone.
Great advice!
A personal brand is 1 key 2 success!
RT : Question to ask to help develop your brand: What am I passionate about?
Indeed it would be great in DC!
I'm done with my eassy early now I have nothing to do but listen to music n sleep lol :
Why did GOD put scrubs on this planet?!?
uummm ok : if u can try to call me when u wake up , middle of the night or early in the morning idc just try, ?
Enjoy ya rest hun
?how many of you have cam shuffled on www.aaron.tv
Follow me :D
I love you.
Hope you had a good day!
Do you think you could follow me?!
xx
Don't know, but sure, where?
Isn't that the law of entropy or something?
:
what does ur professorle pic look like.?
theres a lot of Shania Sanchez's lol
2nd office is not so effective when the MacBook battery no longer lasts the bus ride.
Grrr...

who knows maybe if you dig our clothing we can sponsor you in the future.
I AM SO STOKED.
ALEX BIG LIPS MADE STAFF TOO!!
i will and ok
Tweet vic'ry!
Our C'Ville Bears 42 over Reston Raiders.
On to the Squirt hockey final tomorrow.
Go Bears!
break a leg!
GLOW in the DARK 2night!
Glow Sticks Open Bar 910 4 Katie's Guestlist, Tables,  hookup call or TXT names by 8PM to: 7034073810
You are a smelly pirate hooker.
ah jealous!!!
On Sat 1/7 the talented  extraordinary Party Of Three, accompanied by Tom Shaw Trio, will perform at Martuni's in SF 78:30pm!
7 cover.
Hi Tricia!
Good to see your face in my stream this morning.
Thanks for reading  favoriting my tweet.
Have a Godblessed day.
Bad trend for the Knicks heading into the fourth quarter: the clear disparity in / for Heat starters vs.
NY starters.
Who is this kid?
dwts I am going to love this season!
who knows what would go down if u were in Florida
BGDating Dating should enrich your life, not complicate it.
Weeks of awful bedtimes were ended tonight when I recalled that doctoram catchers also snag invisible monsters and hung AJ's above his head.
Go clean your room.
I already did.
I'm checking it!
NO!
WAIT!
SmartGuy.com has created an online template for us to succeed in business in ANY Economy!
www.smartguy.com/professorle/pro/webpromotion
I don't have many friends these days.
However, the ones I DO have, aren't losers.
RT : For data is big if it challenges our hermeneutic.
For science, it's only big if it challenges hardware.
RT : waiting on my sis to get home safely// Oh that's sweet.
as well as a stash of samosas.
so excited for 10:30...
this is gonna be great :
What's red and sits in a corner?
A naughty strawberry.
Great to host here in RVA this week.
Thanks for your chat on values and personal commitment
Hit it in the morning like Alonzo
Checking the Libra horoscope.
Sometimes they're on point.
I swear little kid shows are getting weirder and weirder...
Yes ...
and thank you!
He thinks so ...
Great : I'll be sure to tune in to catch it CONGRATS!!!
Dont Text My Phone Late As Hell Asking IF I'm Sleep ...
NA , Bitch I'm Hoopin !
smh
You don't get what you want you get what you do
I am very impressed with Dan DiZio, CEO of because he really cares about his employees.
Great episode!
Looking forward to volunteering at the festival on Saturday!
And, of course, everyone who participated.
Thanks, everyone!
oh nice!
Haha we just have a lot of cars, not a lot of people!
I am ready for love
those are symptoms of a good night
Today we honor our men and women who defend our country  Happy Veterans Day!
I'm looking for a space needle hat  one shaped like the needle  big!
got one?
Hey web sites, I will NOT sit through a 30 second advertisement.
Not patient enough.
Do you want my 'clicks' or not?
Why are boys so malawiwhbsnamamwjwhw UGH
when did you get an instagram??
Anyone up for tonight?
Need to get out of the house
That was the critique I got from a black sociologist when I sent him your video
Why is so freaking cute?
Wish I was that hawt..
Mark Zuckerberg will be worth 100B by Friday..that leaves only 3 more days for his girlfriend to say we need to talk
yea I want more!
Camping was awesome for us.
Had really cool neighbors
RIP Doug Edwards: dear friend, KPFA DJ, tireless helper to jazz musicians, New Yawker, Bay Arean, loyal supporter of my work.
I grieve.
M I love pay day.
Wonder what designers Sachin  Babi Cook for dinner.
Well Tune into this week and watch Sachin cook with Martha!
Last reply also best read after elocution lessons.
The rain in Spain...
See also Singing in the Rain: Cawn't.
CAN'T.
Great times at the concert last night !
Thanks to our amazing staff for helping out!
Gots to make today progress exceed the last....
RT : Get some benches for your swings!: BYO Recreation has the commercial park benches you are looking for in the sty......
great way to attract the Jewish vote.
If only Obama pursued transformative policies equal to the heights of his rhetoric.
Good work, agent Secrest.
why?
my 4th and 5th graders work in the cloud on google docs all the time , love it!
On a mission to get my grades up
you know I got you!
Want to win a 4Pack of tickets to the Circus PLUS 2 plush elephants?
Head over to our Facebook Page to enter!
I've never had either!
:O
I like your new avatar...
:
happy 18 birthday you will always be kidoctoruhl NO matter what love you
lol i bet its so fun after a doctornk n ya nerves are no longer jittery ;
In bed before 11?
I think Dave is going to be disappointed.
No one talks about Matt's looks except him.
I'm on a revising roll today.
Hours working on revisions have done wonders for my WIP.
Looks like Jesus also said 'Marmol pitching with the game on the line?
....not on my watch' tripped  injured
If wants to try out for next season, have her email :D
Write your legislators and demand they not recess until reaching a reasonable solution to the debt ceiling crisis.
Your biggest strength is your true self.
OMG, your so pretty!
No, I'm not!
Listen bitch, STFU  accept the compliment.
If you worked at a Christian institution you could get Maundy Thursday off too!
;
who is pulling for unc this afternoon?
People are people.
Big tings agwon!!!
Equator Line!!!!!!
lol J  hit me up putting together some footage need your help
Going down the shore today!
Two more classes and then I am done until finals next week.
It's pretty sad...they don't seem to care heart and heads are not in the game
You are truley a man among women
The video of my ghost encounter is now on facebook.
Love is when you've seen the best and the worst of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
come through!
It's a great opportunity to meet and hear from this guy.
Thanks for coming too the HealthyHairMeetup and spreading some love and giving healthy hair tips :
i think it's about time you follow us :
It's National Taco day today, but that's nothing!
Lincoln's has 3 tacos and Coronas EVERY Tuesday, come visit us!
I wish the relays was all inclusive.
I wish I could favorite people's professorles haha
OMG YES MYLIFE.
He said Nobody goes buy Dick anymore.
still working on this song...
How about you?
Afraid to fly?
Use your breath to calm your emotions.
idk I will tell u tomorrow when she get it done
Sorry anyone who is receiving some random tweet from me.
I did not send that.
Hope you had a GREAT Valentines Day!
Great Stuff :
You can tell its killing fox news to have to call 2nd place for Ron Paul!
Ongoing conversation on cataloging listserv re book pockets.
Who says librarians aren't interesting?
A man right in all his ways is foolish...
but then man that finds himself a work in progress is divine..
Bought a new shirt yesterday;wore it 2day.Just caught it on hanging folder hooks tore it beyond repair.Good thing Im wearing a black bra :
3 weeks off.
Game speed!
He'll get it!
Which is interesting because I thought thought the book just pretty good.
Catching Fire is better.
Odds on the sequel going to screen, too?
h know were I b
Downtown exploring and dinner on the riverwalk with my man 
This just in: the parking lot will be a zoo.
With a houseful of kids...get sick and scared : Maybe your fear of the germ keeps you well....
Thanks David!
: Just saw foodieregistry.com at techwk.
Fantastic idea.
1419?
Gotta tweet gotta tweet gotta tweet tweet tweet.
I need to stop these goofy tweets and get back into my music.
I need a new picture too.
It is about damn time.
Cool!
I won a laptop in symantec poker tournament!
Now Playing: License To Ill...
Damn, MCA.
Great show at the ..thanks guys!
I wish I was rich..
That first nut u bust after coming off ur cycle
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
I made it through airport checkin and security okay, but I am still griping about paying 60 in bag fees.
First plane leaves in 45 minutes.
Love how genealogists have no problem airing their centuries old dirty laundoctor to a total stranger in the
I concur!
Good morning good tea people!
Making doctorams reality requires building structure around ideas.
Got a hammer?
Start building.
So glad I have the luxury of sick days from work.
I just took a 3 hour nap on the couch.
I feel a LOT better.
lord I hate u having extra shots at it while I'm working.
Sri Lankan cab doctorver yesterday confirmed that there are no Sri Lankan restaurants, but says Usmania  Tahoora are close.
Bronchitis!
I have a 5 ys old?
Bronchitis is a selfish bastard.
It's all about him!
Piss off bronchitis, I am going to bed, without you!
any idea when you'll be back playing?
we miss you!
WELCOMES!..YOU GOiNG TO NEKA PARTY SATURDAY AT THE BLU?..BUT EVERYBODY GOiNG TO HER HOUSE TO doctorNK ND EAT BEFORE THEN...
Tune in for Democratic Strategist up next on CNN's Early Start.
Find out her thoughts on Iowa and the general election
my hat?
You're weird.
you can say that again.
good night Mark!
DJ Styles in the mix at Dorsey's Locker tonight, 5817 Shatuck, Oak, CA.
712.
See you there
np gotta here my shit before I tap out
I aspire to own a chain of highquality boutique thrift and consignment stores one day.
I will have interns.
They all shall be paid.
i'm over just fruits and vegetable today.
i can only eat so many cucumber slices and grapes,lol.
i need some real food.
I wish I could find one guy, just one that is just the little bit decent ..
:/
you look so happy!
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!
Cleaning up for the cleaning crew is one of life's chores that I will never learn to embrace
To be happy, make other people happy.
Noise, parking, occupancy, hours of operation are just some of the things discussed by the ABC Working Group.
Woo!
Let me go home!
: Zidlicky ties it up!
Dude.
You, me and JD should suit up for the Lobos.
We couldn't do any worse than the clowns that are already playing!
;
NO MORE PROCRASTINATION  NO MORE SLEEP
it will be GLORIOUS
Alright we need new songs...what are some of your favs?
imma get u tomorrow!!U lucky the girl saved u 6th period!
Done looking for mister Right...
Think I'm ready to just do me and ride dolo...fuck a nigga
What car wash?
already has a winter formal date for next year!:
Finally updated the iPad so I could install App  well worth it.
Plus say my name three times.
Or is it five?
Haha.
I dunno.
I know what you mean.
It's really hard to have a conversation when the mannequin won't talk back.
lame.
Lol 
well yo phone is DUMB !
Do you have to have tatooes to play college/NBA basketball?
...if I was 50 years younger I'd kick your ass
I'm really excited :
LOLOLOL puff the magic doctorgon was the answer to the puzzle on wheel of fortune
Thank you all for coming out yesterday for Mardi Gras, recovery starts now.
Bloody Marys necessary.
no, rooting for a Timbers loss is always acceptable
wait..
how the eff am i supposed to upload pics?
by ..
tweeting them?
lame.
Fair warning history friends, it's about to get spacey here for the next two days .
I'm at the NASATweetup for !
No cashier and no water...is it time to empty the safe and go to Paris?
I completely agree, that is the best part
Nostalgia is a useless emotion.
If its even considered an emotion.
following you right now girl
Enjoyed a fun gig tonight w/Scott Hamilton, Larry Vuckovich, Chuck McPherson and Jeff Chambers.
Thank you!
Chubb: Promising models: Students move from station to station within one classroom with one teacher, incl.
small groups.
My gym partner got Big without me today  tisk tisk tisk...
Whats a girl to do??
Lol
I'm really excited for their comeback!
Oh my I might have to get out there sooner than later.
RT : Currently killing in NYC, , me opposite my girl is coming to Dallas and LA Oct 7th!...
Silly : RT : In honor of I'll Have Another....
TryOuts members: Marcos comes home this weekend.
Be sure to stop by and say hi before he ships out again!
Yes!
Please do it soon.
Oh my goodness, I had no idea  CONGRATS, mama!
Happy day, to you :
Did you know?
Chicagos nicknames include: The Windy City, the City of Big Shoulders, the Second City, and The City That Works.
isedchat it was a long discussion!
Pros and cons...eventually we felt pros outweighed cons
White Sox just got a rousing ovation as they hoisted the BP Cup!!!
lmao they look like scrambled eggs.
W/e you and are some haters.
They were good as fuck!
Another reason to like Anaheim.
It isn't about safetydon't care how they spin it.
Reality is nothing more than your acceptance of reality...
Trying to find some ppl to go to the mall with me
Byerly: What happens if in 10 years, humanities as irrelevant as ever but more expensive in wake of DH?
That kinda pissed me off.
But the only thing that comes to my head is I wish you knew I'm such an evil bitch.
np we found love  rihanna
Do not be afraid....
Be strong and courageous.
This is what the LORD will do to all the enemies you are going to fight.
Joshua 10:25
Asking a cab doctorver to be less bellig in his doctorving style is vague, unhelpful, and condescending.

Libra likes you better if you know how to differentiate rights and wrongs.
Ask about the Bratmobile
hey hey hey...
We aren't crazy.
Just different
uh...
what makes you think i'm not?
Just had a meeting about our senior head shots.
We're growing up.
Sorry if I offend you...
haha...
I'm NOT sorry!
haha!
haha!
There is a place deep in my heart that only the keys of a piano can touch...
Post meeting went well last night.
We're on schedule to make the late deadline.
I live getting doctornk with and thinking is 4am when it's really 1 haha.
He did some great interviews with Colbert a few months ago.
Immense talent.
They did not hire lobbyist to have us benefit with tax dollars.
it is, it really is
to the event thursday
becomingfearless Mastering your fear
Let me rephrase, I think it's weird when people tweet at famous people they dont know as if they are talking directly them as a friend lol
Gotta mail my mother's day card tomorrow...
Too busy to work for nothing
Looking forward to a great day with and not being sick
How to start an African Violet from a leaf
aww I pray u feel better Jen!
Love u :
Dee Gordon with his first home run of the season.
Dodgers take the lead over the Rockies in the top of the 1st.
csa12 Gopinath: see fixity and mobility as mutually dependent parts of state arsenal to eradicate social forms deemed out of place/time.
The Xbox 360 broke AGAIN.
This will be my third console.
Lame.
Going Big Island for New Year!!
:
The weather looks good!..
I think we going to have racing today!!
90210?
Was that a show about the far distant future?
Kids and aliens making their way thru school in the year 90210?
Not familiar.
I love the way some people taste.
Thanks and agreed!
We are excited and energized by the support in Pinellas County.
Tonight we start 's study James: Mercy Triumphs.
I'm so excited to go through this study with some great girls!
Wonderful!
We need more of that.
me too 3
have a fun youth jamz!
What's lost can never be saved
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
J.
K.
Rowling
My crush doesn't have a twitter :
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls.
Mignon McLaughlin
Hello!
Are you staying with us?
RT : XONA Resort Scottsdale, AZ...
CE students at the Conf.
walked up to of the NYT Lens blog and told him about their work.
They aren't shy!
If God is your co pilot  switch seats
Two weeks until sophomore year of college is over!
Well until summer classes start...where has the time gone?!
distinguished thought leader
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 83
Hey what's up señorita!
Great session on video and social media marketing at South Metro Chamber today.
Thanks to
ditto!
Just wish Don would give her some of that advertising revenue to get her teeth fixed.
Also love: Julia Ormond as her mom!
According to Cameron Diaz interview on the Tonight Show, Google makes Grandparents obsolete.
What to you think?
The happiest moment as a designer is when a client GETS your design and expresses it the same way you do.
what a good memory!
What a bad memory!
Thanks!
I'm excited about this video, it's not our usual fare...
yea it'll be fun!
but shutup ur like a big bag of pretty waiting to explode all over the world
Tea does a body good.
told u don't give up to fast
I am like super excited for this fanfic.
Like I might die of anticipation.
:D
If u were to tell me before the season that R Starks would have a 2 int game, my 1st thought would be that Sanchez was the QB
Tou'che!
RT : or order to go for those home game viewing parties!
No more going out.!
This single thing is getting out of control.
Having too much fun.
Need 2 chill.!
every time mothers day come a price tag dont mean nun to me !
i love mi ma duck
Also Aldous Huxley's Doors of Perception and Wayne Koestenbaum's new tellall.
It's titled Humiliation OO  mescalin eyes
not if you want to keep your money.
Camp Randall is a fortess and the students have had all day to party with no classes yet.
Scheduling nine grad students for summer work is not always easy.
:P
I know I'm not alone in this
I get the north and East, you go round the back
Just Finished all of my math HW with 100 accuracy with 1 minute left!!!!!!
Thanks for the coverage of Johnson County Middle School and their ninth Governor's Cup Title.
does a great job for our kids.
doctorss like your favorite RockyHorrorPictureShow Character and get in for FREE!
This Friday starting at 9pm!
ONLY
you never cared...don't start now
Good to see Joe Biden in midseason form
thanks for the laugh!
Lol
The new Final Cut Pro X looks very interesting..
Have to buy soon!
You're connecting with kids one by one and making your expectations clear.
They will respect you eventually.
Be strong, Teach!
this sounds like this will be every 14th Bday doctoram.
Best wishes to you both.
Will your Super Bowl spread include wine?
What are your favorite game day snack and wine pairings?
Today on the show welcomes to the show discussing censorship of the Internet.
11AM CST on
How have you been?
Yep!
And this issue is one I'm EXTREMELY passionate about!
I don't usually express my opinions but I can't stay quiet on this.
I have a GREAT new job as a therapist at BACA!
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoe James and The Giant Hoe
Academies, soon to be a majority of secondary schools in England, are showing more signs of continuity than radi..
Looking forward to seeing here at
Headed to UStreet this Sat 4/14 to fundoctorise and help a fine young man become a ambassador How bout you?
,113 BTHR
TVDSeasonFinale TONIGHT AH
Had a good night : would have been better if he was there though.
Yes indeed!!!
Who are you putting your money on?
Landed and time to shoot!!
That awkward moment when retweets something from
how do you spend your snow days?
fun outdoors?
work indoors?
finding matches in the sock doctorwer?
we're posting answers at 4:25am
Nosleeping work stressors, its whats for breakfast.
if you are blind i shouldnt hear a sentence moreover a command from you that includes the verb look
idunno.
:3 and I don't know, some people that live out there have kids in high school lol.
RT : Looking to make your home more secure?
Sign up for our Free Giveaway and get it done for free!...
DOLPHIN BASEBALL TONIGHT!
Fins vs Fairfield at 630 here at Sessions Stadium!
See YOU here!!
I feel like doing something.
IfYouDontBecomeAFan of One Direction, then you become a Directioner.
: xx
Character is like a tree  reputation like its shadow.
The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
A.
Lincoln
Rodan tonight with Jeff, Josh, Johnny and Jim.
1030 p emm
Right When My Phoe Starts To Work Again, I Text Like Everyone Then 3 Hours Later It Won't Work Again .
If Lakers loose this it's a wrap there not winning game 4
Tired of guys treating me like shit.
I'm going to do me and be me.
And that's that.
awww of course!!
: your very sweet im following you to!
: getting the hang of twitter.
i was so nervous on lifechangers!
Ahh woke up with sore throat and fever and I have to work...blah blah
I need Man City to win by 3 goals.
Oh i think im in trouble with OO
its only like a 1 day thing though....so you'll be back tomorrow
two more books left after Dance of doctorgons.
He is only hundoctord pages into pt6
Gotta get bad to get it good.
easier said than done!
But ok.
I'll pretend I think I'm funny in real life too 3
It was when I logged in.
I'm a bit confused
Heyo New Zealand Earthquake Commission!
We hope to someday bring our fun version of San Francisco earthquakes to yr neck of the woods
Do you need a little hip hop in your life tonight?
;
So, Want a FREE copy of our EP?
Be our 700th 715th, 740th or 800th LIKE on our FB page and we will send you a FREE SIGNED COPY!
CallOnHim HeListens Psalm 145:18 The Lord is near to all who call upon Him,To all who call upon Him in truth.
Weekend coming up, more house hunting
ok u have to earn it by showing improvement in       that on the left is classified
The South of France
YO BUTT BIG MY MONEY BIG WE GOT SUMTHN N COMMON
I start summer school today.
I'm not thrilled.
Important for EVERYONE to be friendly, open, and communicative.
there's rain in these mountains of Albany!
The Volvo needed a bath :
A brand that captainres your mind gains behavior.
A brand that captainres your heart gains commitment
Is that the only place you have hair?
Just left walmart.
You're awesome!
That is so cool!!!!
How cute your boyfriend can get, than be a bitch the next minute
Uhm.
Heck no.
I was using it as a replacement for the f word.
Not sure there's a place on the planet that coulda been prettier than Lincoln Park today.
Glor.I.Ous.
Off the top of my head, I cant think of any movies that prominently feature a trampoline.
Help me out!
Thank you for letting us stop in today!!
The store is amazing!!
did it...but can hardly move.
Brian Williams' daughter is a cutie
Back in the ATL getting ready for the Mother's Day Breakfast, Girls n PEARLS Tea, Study Skills Saturday Session, with a moment of prayer
Rock  roll is a nuclear blast of reality in a mundane world where noone is allowed to be magnificent.
Now I'm ready for Cinco De Mayo!
: Man in a sombrero wearing a boxing glove jumps on Sacramento cop car and shouts his name.
Fox News Hires Liz Cheney as Analyst and Substitute Host
Movie recommendation is Friday the 13th
1st the Earth cooled, then a dinosaur put a tingle up Chris' leg...
STUCK AGAIN!!!
No photo appeared.
Can you post it again?
Merci.
now imagine that you're part of a special frat only open to childoctorn of extremely wealthy  influential ppl...
you form bonds
can we count on you to support our students and libraries by voting to level fund LSTA and IAL?
30 minutes of hail
Watching a documentary about the Japan earthquake/tsunami and learning about a similarly volatile quake zone off the WA and OR coast.
It is indeed!
And we have a fantastic new UI team member helping us out :
Friends, fast what's cribbage again?!
RT Hello Surrey.
Social media makes things happen.
The edcamp movement is a great example
Kobe is too bossy!!
You don't need a special dislike for them joes RT : I have a special dislike for cricket phones
Whatcha doing next Friday night??
:
what time is dinner?
Lol
OMG!
I remember that!
I liked it better that way!
We used to throw pennies in the fountain and make a wish!
Are you attending this Oct?
We'll be live tweeting, so stay tuned!
What why is that ?
558AD The dome the HaghiaSophia collapsed under its own weight.
The Emperor Justinian ordered it immediately rebuilt stronger.
i can honestly say that i need friends who won't leave me out and who won't make me their last choice...
I'm tired of it
no sir
i'm not sure i understand the appeal of betty white.
U dont like what I say...
unfollowme then!
Is His Dark Materials gonna spoil the Harry Potter series 4 me?
I still haven't read them.
I wonder how it compares to Pullman's trilogy.
Get rich or doctornk tryin...
Congratulations Olivia!!!
Visit my blog to learn about my experience during the Civil War www.leavingarlington.wordpress.com
Biggie biggie biggie can't you see, sometimes your words just hypnotize me.
:
is a badass.
If you arent following him.
You should be.
3
My son, Isaiah, is rockin' out on the ancient Jackson Stealth with new strings!
This instrument is now rdy for Sunday!
Demonizing Planned Parenthood is a scam by the GOP to get Obama out of office but is a great disservice and harmful to all women  families
Welcome to Twitter!
A very moving tribute, Barbara.
off to a free grant writing seminar at the Foundation
Just saw the Brewers batting order for tonight.
If I didn't know better, I'd think we had 2 spring training style split squad games tonight
Agree!
RT A2 If you are hanging out where audience is talking, you're never overextended
Gansler on bay: no panacea.
Steps include building energy plant that turns chicken manure into electrical power.
I am obsessed with the Hunger Games....
I saw that as I doctorve by yesterday.
A good, long summer to enjoy Sea Salt sounds good to me.
When we get called on with the most hardest question and totally guess and get it right
Hey can you please follow me I'm a huge belieber haha just ask my sister lol
Blake Griffin: I personally could do a better job rebounding, I should never have one rebound in 38 minutes of play.
good to watch y'all performing shit, old and new.
and just doing the craziest things
U are a trip!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NeverLand.
I am rolling LMBoooooooo
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/16/2011 and was under her calorie goal
ha, not this year!
: No great artist ever sees things as they really are.
If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Oscar Wilde
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness: only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate: only love can do that.
MLK
Does anyone know where I can find the highschool lip dub?
Crack kills people..
Pull up your pants
Crying makes me feel better ..
thnx for follow
nope I've been with him ...
haha.
Fair enough.
that was quite a special time :
SO on top of that.
What's our hashtag?
Ongmemorial?
NHS: mixture of synchronous  asynchronous material in grad nursing program.
Getting ready for tomorrow's big public workshop in London with our good friends 
Have I died and gone to heaven?
DEVO IS BACK!!!
Fresh!
he's on at
I miss Johnny Carson.
Masters of Science in Writing: Book Publishing.
I still have to put a portfolio together and write the essay.
Ugggg.
Seriously, I'm not TRYING to be in this car chase.
Look for my red mazda on the news!
Stay tuned for session video/pics next Wed!
My pants have been falling down all day.
No working on the weekend!!
kind of like May and Exam....
Resume and portfolio updatedso many new pics!
RT : China warns foreign media not to cover Middle Eastinspired protests, threatening expulsion or a revoking of their credentials
is talking DVD menus  and that's pretty close to the last of the talks one has about making a movie.
This girl's ass...
jesus.
Granger and James DO NOT like each other haha.
Hear the sound of my breaking heart...
RT : RVA!
We need your help to make First Friday everything you want it to be.
Thanks to ://fb.me/VPBg7v0N
who hostin it
On my way to the Wisconsin Broadcaster's Association Awards to get a few.
I feel like a kid on Christmas.
Aint she sweet and genuine..
still funny as heck at 90!
Everytime sees your tweets, she gets upset bc you aren't following her!
please follow her!
sale at R7500.
Housemate would like to sell by the end of the week.
Still sealed.
Why would you trade one repressive theocracy for another?
Or it is because you 'hate freedom' since you are professoreedom?
Nice maybe we'll see you there doll xo
Sat down to watch an episode of Detroit 187.
Instead, TiVO had recorded 20/20, featuring Charlie Sheen.
His craziness was no longer funny.
not a great throw, but still Barajas has to catch that ball before he tries to throw to third.
gulp ....I stupid  I no get it!!
oo
That moment when your cousin you rarely talk to follows you on instagram 
ESPRIT was fabo per usual.
returned home from North Carolina only to find that our backyard is a jungle and it was just as hot here as it was there.
OMG!
The tickets sells are going great!
Have you gotten your ticket yet?
Ms Kim Fields will bring the house down.
415 last day for 35 tkts
on conferences for scholars: infrequent, expensive, difficult to manage.
Not ideal in 21st century..
TRIPLE H, JUSTIN BIEBER on MAY WEATHER corner yea
That's not a foul on Sessions?
Being gay is not wrong, when will people see that?
yea you are, you put doee after : lol
Not the michon effect?
Nice, that's only a block down from here.
Japonessa!
Beautiful calligraphy wedding certificate on eBay  ends in 10 hours  item
Real shit at the tanning place.
In NJ for vs Nets and it's a sea of green.
yeah I also hope someday will follow me!
I would be so happy wouldn't u?
Once comes out with CD's I will buy EVERY SINGLE ONE OF HIS ALBUMS.3
is this a flashback or just your weird, pointless imaginations?
If a girl is in a bad mood, asking if she's on her period doesn't help!
That'd be OK, I guess.
I'm sure won't mind.
Hi!
Got time for a Skype anytime soon?
harrypotterlive question for doctorco!!
whats your favorite scence in the movie???!
Woohoo!
Congrats Alex!
You deserve it.
Proof good things happen to good people.
Glad you're staying in Chi.
Whos gunna win the sausage race today?
yeah I know!
I couldnt do it either!
That shit hurt like crazy all I did was 7...
When I can do 30 something
confession I doctornk.
Some.
: Best thing I heard after tonight's talk: Surprised to see someone from Sears participating.
Which is cool.
Thanks!
When you love someone so much you get arrested for breaking and entering.
I'm gonna retire PINKmascara for a while.
Back to my old name :
im at work
Alrighty, is back online.
If you want to post an apartment for free, or search for some great new digs  go for it!
Price range?
Derek Wan is an amazing person.
We thank you so very much xxxooo
Fresh manicurehappy Paula
Come checkout surrender night club tonight free admission for the ladies if u just use my guestlist Travis Sosa only
YouTube Young ju cross my heart and just begun..Fire...
The fuckk ?
The conversations people talk about in my 6th period !
is it Alex Morgan?
there's always tomorrow :
RT : I disagree with Hubie.
On a 2 on 1 you must force the defender to commit to you or a pass.
Thanks very much!
Backatcha!
:
It is not what Salsa can do for you; It is what you can do for Salsa.
CONGRATS TO JESSE AND TONY!!!!
Happy Birthday to Grace Olivia Schirmang, 7lbs 4 ounces, 20 inches
Gonna be home just in time to watch LSU kick some butt
SRT is so boring.
Catching up on
I really would, but I'm a bit hyper still..
after effect from the gym.
speak it brother.
No lie bc there is more stuff tht is better than him
Training Associates Press is the developer of
good idea, but too organized for my tastes.
At best I ride with a loose confederation of cyclists.
I would participate though.
I'm looking for inspiration in turquoises and golds, colors we'll find in Cozumel next month.
I'm taking a million pictures for inspiration.
Rain rain go away!!!:
Life reassures us every time we tell the truth, every time someone helps us  we allow it,  every time we share love without looking back.
The rise of entrepreneurship  startups.
RT : Pivot.
Why is everyone using that word lately?
Where is it coming from?
A book?
Going back to school to finish my administrative license.
Hopefully this is the last time I will return to school.
he was pretty big lol I was like
PeopleILoveTheMost nice,open minded people
you up early!!!
Good Morning!
I wish Queens Kickshaw would deliver coffee to my bed.....
So excited for a Cairo story!
He ties with Dorr for my fave character.
can u email me that pre game photo we took before the game?
I will Direct message my email
that takes too long!!
O: haha
You got my attention...except for the running part.
Two snaps and a circle.
ive got a spell on you and now your mine!.
im going to set the world retweet record today
FF 1 Fan  awesome jewelry maker!
: The call from was great!
AlphaActionThanks good brother!
I just want to encourage and reassure my brothers.
06!
I bet you do.
You should come in and do a vocal workshop lol
sounds like you need more lady friends!
Cool of u to reply.
I will look for your update in May.
You're inspiring, beautiful and you're a fighter.
Never ever give up.
its enough?
you mean this is enough or thats enough
bout to rip kief like it aint no ones biz
Sorry for the late response.
Our acct was down.
Send us the info!
:
Going into the final Week of League play!
The Top 3 teams plus a few Wild Cards will be invited to the Championship via email after...
Believe  Begin  Become!
: I will be working before the next budget meeting on amendment to extend TANF benefits.
please don't.
doctor Run of the studio Thursday at 7 pm 5/8/2011
Desk didn't fit me...
Good thing my HTCOne S is forged by lightning!
I deflected the debris and made it to safety!
Bengals announce signing of Georgia TE Orson Charles  UDFA S Tony Dye of UCLA.
Wing Night!!
You can only get them on Thursdays and they tend to sell out..
All homemade sauces..
Come get some!!
Movies based off of comic books are just more fun than graphic novel adaptations and that's what summer movies are about...fun...and A/C.
I did he dont listen RT : Obama may b open 2 Extending Tax Cuts 4 All.
Speak 2Obama tell him 2hold GOP accountable
The Founders laid an excellent foundation.
It provided base for amazingly free society.
THEY were wiser than our crew.
Time to retrace steps
Almost done cleaning my room, about to be a fun ass night.
Ion have no gas for this extraness
Blog audience management: not all strangers are bad, not all physical world followers are good.
intimate public.
Aimee Morrison
New York City...Bitch.
BASE Camp has free food for our Families!
Visit the BASE Camp Free Food Pantry Sat.
Feb 4th: 113pm!
Contact Cherly for more info!
Kudos Rep.
Gregg Harper for your passion and commitment to equality and inclusion
okay, who was it that ask me if I thought the first lady was responsible for amanda's death...uh!!!
alas, no.
this is it.

Thank for an awesome presentation this morning!
dcnyc10 The recurring theme in tech of our phones as  apps but  censors
Playing accountant is not as fun as being a designer!
Not to mention I am not nearly as good at it!
Happy Friday!
Kinda funny how the past comes back.
I know U was blessed  Bishop Lester love conference with Pastor Juanita Bynum.
God Bless you  hold on 2 ur prophesy.
It takes me so long to get ready because I procrastinate for 3045 min.
Business proposal sent and now it's time for chicken wings!
u r incredible I admire u so much!
Plse follow me it would make me so happy to no that some1 I truly look up to follows me
Let's not decide who should score just score
Happy Halloween Rochester NY!
Sunny day!
Flowers are showing off.
Amazing Spring flowers!
Going to try out my new trekking poles in the park later.
Truth  RT : When a Capricorn is angry we spit fire first amp; think about the consequences later.
If youre not living life on the edge, youre taking up too much space.
Anonymous
Dare you to not see a movie called that's what she said starring alia shawkat.
Tonight at 8, at
New Joints in at BCK
cool!
We should set up a mini lesson or something.
What do you think?
Hang out with the band at the studio for a bit
thank you : BTW love your hair color.
Sister love :
Thanks Paul!
Now it's tied!!
doctorpped Claudia off at school today!!!!
!!!
: There's a big apt fire on South First near Ben White.
We have a crew on the way and should know more after 8 p.m.
Do people realize how stupid they look while talking on bluetooth?
I have to silent my phone and turn upside down so I don't see the notifications!
I wake up at odd times just to see who played!
I do work at school.
I don't know why I have to do it at home too.
26.
Brewers 6 Giants 4  Some West Coast success / Greinke doesn't pitch so well / Ramirez bails out.
Honored to be a part of the momentous womentogether Women's HR Delegation to AL now closing  We are many and together we can be heard.
Keep at something and you WILL FINISH it.
MAJOR CHANGES happen in TINY INCREMENTS!
PATIENCEPERSEVERANCE
YOI WOULD MAKE ME THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN WHOLE IF YOU WOULD PLEASE Please FOLLOW ME BAVK3333 YOUR SO ADORABLE SO PROUD OF YOU
Damn Twitter won't let me go to bed.
ROAD FOX WANT COOKIE?
BABY DIRTY JUST KIDDING!!
COOKIE REALLY ROSIN!!
HA amazing!
HOW WAS THAT AN ERROR???
hint hint
lol no!
Actually I thought you're hair would look frizzy ...
Not gonna happen!
Sounds like a recipe for a riot.
Remembering audio pioneer and USC polymath professorssor Sidney Harman.
tonight 6p
Good Morning All!
Have a great  productive day!
I wanna get robot legs!
And I wanna buy you a black cobra to wear around your neck!
When People Tweet, We Tweet About Everything  Anything .
Whatever Pops In Our Minds, We Tweet It .
ForReal .
i find it funny that my dad old saying is almost the same his is opinion are like asshole evry1 got one
Just did week 5, day 1 of !
Three hours straight of phone calls when I got deadlines to meet.
Frustrating.
Common Sense
Redyeing highlights and getting extensions :'
I've been using Tweetbot on both for a while now.
biggie biggie biggie cnt you see sometimes them snack b callin me!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
So....kneecaps are not supposed to do that.
Sorry Twolves.
Wonder if ill actually get tickets lol well have to try at least lol work can wait lol
Sorry y'allreception was horrible for TrayvonMartin rally...couldn't get twitter to tweet!
Just dumped a bunch of pics though!
Ha, Manning giving up on Garcon, goes to old reliable
i love your cheeks.
3 :
If your my true friend.
I will not like everything you tell me.
When you have challenges come up, do you take the opportunity to make changes in your life?
awe thanks Kez!
You inspire me!
Let's get wet!!
RT: Tonight come to FIRE ON WATER for LEARNING TO FLY  TOM PETTY TRIBUTE!!!!
Go ur azz back to sleep
Pirates on top in the top of the 3rd 10 over the
Concord Fizz  finlandia vodka / red seedless / grapes raspberries maraschino liquor / sparkling wine/basil
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber.
Hope we hear about childoctorn's health tonight.
Be ready to talk about your business.
Everyday is a networking day!
Talk about www.ZeusCreativeNet.com and get rewards for your business.
Shes the last girl I would try to be like she needs to stop talking her shit  not flatter herself,
79k seniors would have paid up to an estimated 14 million more for their prescription doctorgs had Walker's plan become law
Damn, lovin' the love for 's latest post.
3 to , , , and for the tweetage!
Yes we are and it's GREAT!
Happy, happy Friday friends!
Just got home from riding my Indian Motorcycle fantastic sunset!
Busy tomorrow trip to the dentist being squeezed in there somewhere...
doing good thanks!
Just working away....ready for the weekend
Lol Me To
Crochetwalking  a way to multitask myself into doing two things i normally do well into two things i do poorly.
Overheard at our tax party: Someone needs to punch California in the face.
Tell us what KCPT means to you.
Use
We can concentrate the energy into energon cubes and store them in the new space cruiser.
safe travels!
RT : Really enjoyed myself last night for Freedia party  Ceasars That's right y'all!
and for Michael words can't even explain anything, you are my LIFE, the reason i smile daily, so much to thank you for, 3
Yeah!
Can't wait to see you tonight, it's been too long!
I retire from basketball.
Got showed up by 4'2
yeah I live in both spots
Spring and Autumn are always intense.
Still, they're both my favorite.
;
The world 'out there' won't change until the world 'in here' does.
in  Deepak Chopra
Bless up Fam!
DM me your email please
After talking at the vatican about catolicism being a dying religion  the race of Jesus, I ate it hard and broke my fav flip flop
Late night.
It's Erikaaaa :
Jethro Nation  Randy Ellison Just won  be ready more gifts to come!
Request Jethro at your local BT!
Jazzing the Band.
Cats are natural paper shreaders.
this is gonna be a sick finish
exercise your right to a professortable business
Hello Hofstra neighbors!
You're in great hands w/George.
Don't tweet about what you have for breakfast  you'll be all set.
lol agreed!
its so cute  she even kicks me too sometimes at night if I move too much lol
is goin ham tonight
From Chappelle's Show and The Tom Joyner Morning Show I'm hosting tonight 8:0010:30pm come laugh.
Was in such a rush this morning I forgot to put my makeup on....
Hello natural face :
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA you.
are.
amazing.
Social Media at it's best for Boxing Updates
Um........?i dont know how to say this ????
PLZZZZZZZZZZ FOLLOW ME !:0 I ONLY HAVE 29 FOLLOWERS GOSH KNOW ONE LIKES ME UGG
Thx to for the plastics recycling.
I probably wasted gas doing it, but I felt good about it.
Now Eureka has to start.
We had Brandy, Monica, Aaliyah, SWV, TLC...man I miss the 90s!

see www.groceriesandgasolineforever.com enroll www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd No fees, No autoship, Wow.
FirstStepBy thinking about how to apply the core science to solve the underlying business issue...
Effron  Ort OPTM via
any particular brand of pencil?
I wish we were all a unity....
But god has different plans.
10FactsAboutMe I can partially speak and understand 3 different languages
Thank you!
RESPECT!
3
Um.
No...
Not really.
Should I know you?
Tonight's ActsofInheritance will be a salon chat w/  's president Burt Kummerow.
6pm!
You're not suspending your campaign, you're doctorpping out.
Just say you're doctorpping out.
Politicians suck.
MT The first in series of upcoming SPARC policy briefs: Child Welfare Funding Opportunities ly/HrY3B2
Snow day with the boys.....
making Christmas cookies!
what crews do you like this season best friend and follow me please : puppy dog face
I would say they are spending the money on deliberately corrupting the data
here's hoping that and livetweet conversations from their roadtrip to west virginia with
I'm at Rasputin.
New cook is excellent!
Today I'm binging tomorrow starving :
a CLE FridayFollow to  's Northeastern Ohio chapter!
Both working hard for this year's SS event on May 26th!
Now I have a date in Beverly Hills with an Italian man tomorrow evening.
Live, Love and Like You before you like me and others...
Add some PERFECTION to your wardoctorbe with these top follows  , , , , ,
for some green screen fun.
jimmybuffet photography alter ego commercial photography studio.
Compared to the weather at home, it's glorious!
Gtown and Duke may get beat...
Both down late in 2nd
just won a free day in stats!!!
I'll help.
Campaigners:How close can it b 2 GOTV?
Just completed survey; beyond 3 options question, it gets better!
No doubt!
Lol I'm great and urself?
i look good af right now ; watch out!
free play night on Caribe Latino right now till midnight on WKCR.org.
Devil Get Up Off Me
thank you heidi!!!
Reading application out loud for clarity.
Will submit today!
Thanks for the opportunity and your focus.
So right, they have changed quickly.
I do think it's all 4 the better.
Did your kids do the lawn biz in 200910?
aye bro hit me up ASAP

400K people were incarcerated and deported every year since Obama took office.
RT ObamaFirsts You have GOT to quit
i wanna move where you are!
well finally were on at the same time!
HAHA!
I'm thinking it's time for to move to Seattle.
lmao you black!
:
Just finished working out, can't feel any better than this!:
Verlander with a no hitter thru 6.
Consider this the official jinx.
thanks Liz!
Nicholas Cage is proof that nepotism will never leave hollywood.
He's the worst working actor in the universe!
are they preserving it via video?
I'm headed out on business for 18 days...
A great many open minds should be closed for repairs.
Toledo Blade Newspaper
Just spotted at lma12 ...
Ross Fishman!!
It Came From the Bargain Bin: HALLOWEEN H20: 20 YEARS LATER
at least he was on for 10 min...people should be greatful for that
Sometimes I don't even have a clue about my life.Then I realize D day I get them all, my purpose in this world would have been fullfilled.
Tomorrow, I think I'm going to recap the Brewers game by using as many words beginning with s as I can.
Washington Wealth Makes Waves With Addition of Pacific Point, Opens LA Office
Casting!
Know anyone in a bad relationship?
Is it time for a love intervention?
Email your story to:
Pics or it didn't happen.
It feels good to step back and clear my mind of the everyday distractions that get us off the path of what god has for us to do in life.
I'll never let you go
A1.
Agree with : Grand Canyon.
Pictures/words don't begin to captainre its grandness
happy birthday to u ;
I am listening to Ann and Mitt Romney and their response to comments made about mister.
Romney never working  what Romney would do as prez.
I am the acceptation to every rule.
i agree!
RT : It is good to pray but it is better to become the prayer.
Blair Lewis
follow me please
Woo go saints
Really liking this album, can't wait to pick it up
Sometimes I get it wrong.
But sometimes I get it right.
Either way, I always learn something.
A lot of times, God presents you with an opportunity, and all you have to do is put the work in.
If you don't act on it, it goes away.
hey, I'm part of the team here, you can follow me personally at
Grateful for a cool spring day so I can be in front of my fireplace one more time :
That would be a trick!
But, hey..
who knows?
I am so glad they opened the AHG11 conference up for online participants!
Though I heard a ad on KPBS last night on a report on a trip through Baja  does that air tonight?
Sure I'm late: since 401k doesn't save , why support it?
Why pay to close pension now when city still in economic recovery?
you're welcome 3
This traffic tho 
insomnia over unresolved stuff from the previous day.
working out he wants to look like gordon johnson ;
What a great game.
The fact that this badger team lost by one point is pretty amazing.
fuck u dominique
Feige and Downey called what they were doing with it unprecedented at the press conference.
Hey guys!!
It's TFWE member Levi here on Cody's account.
Who wants to chat?
Levi
so sexy:
Ugh just put a deposit on an intensive.
Good god.
aww,thanks :D
Screw u auto correct I meant bon fire
Ouch.
Hope you get it back.
Did your travel plans change b/c of Hurricane Irene?
If so, please email me at or send me a message.
Thanks!
Leaving for work and I didn't sleep at all.
Same!
But it's all about staying positive and keeping a good attitude as hard as it can be sometimes.
Leaving for our USF campus in Crown Point to celebrate in the pinning ceremony of our new nurses there.Congrats to our CP graduating nurses!
i cannot wait 3days for the BOYFRIENDvideo!!
too excited: lots of love Justin3
By the way, it's Rico and John.
Twitter knows us as and You know us as handsome.
Awesome, hope you enjoy it !!!
Have a safe trip homie RT : LAX stay packed.
at least now I can own my guns in Chicago, thanks to the supreme court.
Need to find a gun 4 the wife.
She has small hands.
I wanted to go to the Macys day parade and hit a few clubs going by myself so people are trippin think imma end up dead
And Lord grant me the serenity to accept my Lost Brothers whom I cannot change.
What's your question?
We can help find you an answer, or at least someone to talk to!
Now all we need is a comeback win!
RT : And a birthday home run from !
Nice was to celebrate.
Hate the gym?
You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
Thanks Karl!
I submitted an expense report for the hookers and blow to the RNC, but Michael Steel told me to just take it out of petty cash.
Listening to our clients more than speaking.
I think so :
Haven't been on here for a while :/
it's  I working though
Red headed boys....
My sleep schedule is all messed up
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
New loudtableneighbors.
I think she's breaking up with him.
It's a very awkward, very loud conversation.
Totally!
It was easy to get excited about the book!
WOW I AM SORRY TO HEAR YOU WERE HACKED.
HOW DO YOU MAKE THE INCOME YOU LISTED ON HERE THE LINK WOULD NOT LET ME CHECK IT OUT
just did!
hope to hear back soon.
: Fell on my ass while snow blowing fuckoffwinter bringmespring Snow 1 0
I WANT A GIRLFRIEND.
ff shout out to for your opening of DAMES AT SEA tomorrow night.
Break a leg!
Can you feel it?
Nothing can save ya.
PSA, people.
RT : If a free iOS app ranks number one in In App Purchases, best steer clear.
It's starting to sound like a carnival up in here
Now is the best time to check your cars a/c unit.We can recharge it at your office!
Best friend's wedding in Chicago this weekend.
Any fun ideas to fill down time?
Great Album Chad!!:
brutal stuff
Hey does anyone out there use Workamajig project management software?
If so DM me please.
Dubstep is freaking amazing!
You are the reason I don't cut my own bangs anymore.
xxxooo
Nice!
RT Heard you got rid of your ED?
Hoes is irritating like the hiccups
Production meeting for SpecialDelivery  a second JBCreative video project for AlcatelLucent which shoots from May 5th  7th.
Meant still 5 years from now.
Already a budding rivalry,
k i made one, how do you use it!
:o
Jets win!!!
now time to sit back and hope for an Eagles WIN!
Home again in Mexico: Illegal immigration hits net zero
My newest follower's bio: I am not a skinny girl, so if that is what your looking for that is not me.
please follow me.
Did you go see gotti
Great lunch with at Julia's Bistro, discussing Childoctorn at Risk, particularly on the topic of Fitness.
I dont think this night can get any more boring.
GOP Reponse: Trickledown government doesn't work...
even though the Bush White House approved, implemented said policy, and it's worked.
Pirates were at bat for about 53 seconds that inning.
Amazing.
is there an emoticon for rolling your eyes?!?!
Get over it!
AWESOME effort in the competitive Agility, Speed  Reaction doctorlls w/ the guys today.
Also worked on safe  efficient cutting/deceleration
thanks ...
one of many reasons i love spring
Whitney Houston has now been sober for 28 days!
New Costume white Laser Cut Metal Party Mask
RT : THE DEMANDS by is crackling and Billingham never lets the tension lag 
with bby getting ready for !
Yes he did.
Next thing will be, co hosting w He will have to trademark
Had big hopes for FoxNewsMole but he didn't really pan out to much.
cc:
We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.
I miss oomf's
plz follow.
Make my day: make me scream my lungs out.lol
Eddie was killin' it on the doctorms today.
good news!
Strong women wear what they want!
Wear it like you mean it and feel like a million bucks!
Find your perfect fashion statement
i love you i wanna meet matt so bad
thank you 3amfright!
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.
Meg Cabot
yes ah!
ugh gosh you are such a h03
Aaaahhhh ...
I'm feelin' the caffeine running through my veins ,stimulating my brain as I pause my movie to let you know .....
thank you Hope you have a great Saturday too I just wish I had better weather here
i loved when u were ub the fbi in wwe
Clouds and doctorzzle will dissipate throughout the day.
Highs in the mid 40's.
Temps will be back in the mid 50's tomorrow.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
happy bday fool
Just smooth...but it's extra creamy.
Pls tell me you're going to come try it!
Last day is Sunday.
So fuck whoever don't put 100 in Folarin
Apparently Benedict Cumberbatch was voted the Britain's sexiest man.
Democracy works!
I know I am very close to something great, because my personal life is in the crapper right now
I wish more than anything I were with you!
God mawnin everyone!!
Had a pretty baller birthday weekend..
Como quiero a mi familia 3
Random thought ..
is there a good dubstep remix of boombastic?
...
bc there should be
free design program has our design students building sites this week.
If you need help with yours email me.
RT : Signed licensing agreement for Alexander Street Press to house my scores for academic research and composer study.
V pleased!
No basketball tournament to attend to this weekend!...about to umpire sum little league games.
Am real tired of dc time to turn on the d backs
Do you know someone in your church who wants to make a christmas cd?
Our AK Little Big Band is a perfect project.
Ask us about it.
Josh tells me shit is French for beautiful.
Interested in starting to exercise.
Need 2 improve balance  core strength.
Can any1 recommend?
Still have trouble w/ floor  standing.
Would love to be out running right now, but it's 40 deg.
and raining here in Chicago.
Yay Spring!
Spartans RT : Michigan State will be playing on the road against Miami on November 28th, in the Big 10/ACC Challenge
I like how unfollowed me 
I'm spending more time today with tech support than I did collectively all of last year.
I guess I should blame it on the weather...
Thanks for coming in last night, good to see you!
I see you're now following me, but for some reason I thought you already were.
I'm certain we've spoken here before.
when are you negros free!
Lol
I love the way that is handling this whole DontGo situation, with some humor!
does either of you wanna go to LA with me this summer???
Every One help get HappyBirthdayMickeyMouse trending!
How does everyday life gets so busy?
Just saw a 70 man in a sweat suit riding a razor scooter down Folsom street.
We are very excited to announce details for a very special upcoming event...stay tuned for more information soon, documentary lovers!
where are you at now, like what school???
Understand that it is ok to be scared or uncertain,however right beyond those barriers ultimately lies your doctorams.
Josh Hinds
Get this a child die in a school van.
In Boston.
And the local new's big story is Brady's wife got pulled over for speeding.
and no tix''WTF
Fuckin wit garage band on the Mac Book ....
this shit descent
Jared weaver might throw the no hitter
Ouch I guess he really put the 'ow' in there; hopefully now he'll know to watch out for 'ho's.
When you have no one to talk to, but you realize if someone was there you wouldnt want them
Could we stop using the term, Wordsmith?
As in,  Scott, can you wordsmith my vague ideas into something meaningful?
Good morning Normal Illinois, are you ready to rock?
So let me get this right.
You're endorsing a guy who calls an educated young woman a slut?
Wow.
I may be the only person in this city not watching the Pens.
Pretty sure I can stay up to date via Twitter.
You are special, you are unique; may your Eid be also as special and unique as you are..
awww 
I'm right there with ya.
All shapes and sizes.
I just want em!!
Yu know you got sum dank ass herb if yu can smell it thru the bag..
I just realized that spring semester is almost over, which means I have survived my first year of college :D
Some things once said can't be forgotten, but can they be forgiven?
Trying to payitforward, let's see if this works...
Everybody Gettin Ready to Party this Weekend!
Hell Yeah!
I LOVE It!
My Part in Spreading Party Spirits is Working!
Same to you ladies;
CivSumm11 Tim Eatman is excited about the Civic Seminar and wishes he were there.
Will stay tuned in throughout the day.
New Mantra: Embrace simplicity.
Let the truth of craft, the realness of humanity shine.
so jealous of your jazz fest adventure!!!
FearTheQuietGuys ..saw the promo last night...BOSS!
the tips on those lightsabers always made me feel uncomfortable.
hey you guys going to mom and dads
So sick of the bitter commentary on SeaMayDay from the likes of Michelle Malkin.
Do you have a cellphone?
:/
I am sure I am a close second..been practicing since I was 2; lol!
SleepIssues: the Women and Sleep issue will be available for download in March or you can subscribe!
well isn't he nice.
There is so much irony about the guy has yellow fever and liking an article I shared about online dating and race fetishes.
umm like 3 math classes a study hall English theatre theology
I prefer his maya angelouesque G0T ANY FEET PIC WHITE TRASH
Thank you so much!
We appreciate all the help we get from sponsors to tweets :
you know when you look at something, then you get pissed off because you looked at it?
yeah just did that, fucking rad.
Calling all Honeywell security installers!
We can save you money on equipment and help you build your business.
Call us at 866.364.0030
I meant to reply.
Yes....and I loved the 99 problems jayz remix lol
where have u been????
Fantastic, Fantastic Job.
So Proud of Our City.
ONLY downside: warming zones in SB Village are ineffective
Graphic and Web Design folks: What font management program do you use?
FontExplorer X is giving me massive troubles lately.
Happy Easter to everyone!
Who's going Easter Egg hunting?!
How soon to teach kids, students about Bullying Prevention??
As EARLY as possible.
Cody has the coolest grandma ever
Tracy Morgan's apologies accepted  but how about casting a reoccurring gay character on 30 Rock?
Perhaps ?
Loser Lemonade: Home of the 808
I tried to update the email in my professorle, but the change doesn't stick.
Perhaps its an issue with 'sign in with google'?
Happy Founders Day !
Alpha Chi Omega installed Gamma Xi chapter at Western Michigan Univ on April 21, 1951!
You have to check out our latest breaking story about Cal Ripken.
We'll have some video up on Monday as well.
What's the difference in wearing your bra and underwear in public if you can wear a bikini ?
Take my side, come on , you know you can:
haha how is that supposed to help you get to sleep?
Or cool you down lol
Our NEW LAKEVIEW location is OPEN daily til 9pm...PickUp, Delivery or Dinein!!!
Come Get Curried Away!!!
Today was a Brian Eno day.
went skydiving.
Had a picnic on the beach.
Pedicure.
Now looking 4 a happy hour.
L's b'day
SURF REPORT: Pacific Beach 5/26/11 23 ft knee to waist high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP:63F
this hurts but I appreciate you being sassy enough to tell me to my sass
Where's my motivation
Enjoying our new social media tool:  A great tool for entry to professorssional social media marketing.
pretty much
First panel at uniteforum includes superintendents from Fresno , , , ,
10 microchip can reunite you with your pet.
Stop by Indy Animal Care  Control during normal business hours.
No appt necessary!
I can't make her change her mind, is what I'm trying to say.
He Flavio...
I hope you like this demo
Lovedoctorg back to Dallas!!
who are you too judge me.
cAll me
I don't think my raw food only diet is really going to work until all my snacks are gone from my work space...
runaway love, with ludacris, is such a sad song :'
Part 1 of the 4 part mixtape series doctorppin next week.
All leading up to our 2nd full LP And Then There Was 2.
Austin, your in for a treat
I'm so pissed now.
Oh no!
I might have to make a stop in visit for you sometime soon then.
In our journey through life, we have obstacles to overcome.
It is these experiences that shape you to be the person you are.
RT : Organizing to do what's right doesn't always work, but it's the only thing that ever has a chance.
Hooray, no new hashtag needed!
Man being Nice 2 people gets U Nowhere!
Wow shit crazy!
About 2 turn yall BitchAsses 2 dust touch by the GHOST.
o please share!!!
Chinas military warns of confrontation over seas
When'd you get him/her?
Name?
oh...
Well that's a plus.
How bad of a head hit was it?
I'm at work, missed it
Follow Friday
oh yeah?
Lol
You could forge my signature by doctorpping a pen onto a piece of paper.
I don't want to work today :l today feels weird ugh :
Get Money Go Home
What's the over/under on Lou Pinella going ape shit in the broadcast booth?
Not sure how it works.
Not sure GMs do either, as CG kept talking about still learning new things about CBA in presser..,
I am gonna miss that little dude with the model wife.
Hollande is not real proUSA we have to start ordering Freedom Fries.
Happy birthday to me :
I hate how you act around them.
You treat me differently and you don't even care.
Friday...
what does that mean?
New blog post : 10 Foods That Make You Slim
every second i spend with you is a second i wouldn't want to trade for anything in this world.
hey Jillian, always great to have you!
I'm good
Where others nurse a cuppa coffee MT : been given half a cup of liquid nitrogen.
Plan to do pointless food tricks all night.
Another Christmas in Washington DC this year.
Can't wait!
I saw it when we met, at New Port Beach Film Fest last year.
is that static html?
Man today was heavy .
It's really fun being random.
Rhinoceros.
There seems to be some system issues w/the Daily news I submit.
I may need to stop the service.
FYI.
that to the boys
If A equals success, then the formula is A equals X plus Y and Z, with X being work, Y play, and Z keeping your mouth shut.
Even more awesome?
The fact that half of the library participants have received layoff notices but they're still so dedicated!
So proud of and heard they did amazing at the Billboard Music Awards...Respect and Love them TrueFan 3
Hahahahahaha yeah buddy
looking behind the scenes and thinking modern day Malcolm Cecil  Bob Margouleff's.
RT : I know right!!
LOL!!!
I'm proud of you bro!!!!!!!
Keep working hard and staying humble bro!!// Likewise bro!!
does he go to our school?
:D
If you are at SXSW come on by our booth
Even on sunny days it rains on my deck.
Happy New Year from  thanks for a great year!
Remember to doctorve safe tonight!
2NITE THE JACKIE SPEAKS RADIO SHOW IS LIVE AT 8PM WITH HOSTESS AND MUSIC BY ON
Think That I'll come running back baby you don't know me cause your dead wrong.
Snow in Chicago tried to stop me; so far I am hovering over Dallas...
Caprario to Lead Art Van Warehousing, Distribution Steve Caprario has joined Art Van Furniture as vice president of warehousing and distr
Men can be so difficult!
What do you love doing the most?
:
doctornking Chinese Puer Tea may also help enhance blood circulation by boosting the flow.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions.
You may have a heart of gold; but so does a hardboiled egg.
Unknown
reasonsThatImSingle because is not.
I just found out that my son and daughter in law are expecting their first child and I will then be a Grandma for the first time :
acting like a manager?
RT : Clint Hurdle : Which player has delivered Sunday's top performance so far?
MLBFC
Watched your movie bout 20 times and it still hasn't gotten old
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
42
Bald is beautiful
Indeed.
It's not a recreational activity.
Fluke discussed birth control pills used to treat a medical condition.
Hannah Montana the movie 3
I don't want to know.
I prefer to think of it as magic, rather than learn it's actually something disgusting or mundane.

Clearly my alarm clock is Jealous of my relationship with my bed.
holy shit, have you never heard of the Weather Channel before?
Or the web?
60/40 Astros...: So, I need some predictions for tomorrow night's Astros fan to Rangers fan ratio.
Responded to FIRE  773 Maple St, Brooklyn, NY 11203 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
I really want to date a pro basketball player....or just someone whose reallyy tall 
Oh how sad.
Basically, I'm a fearless, independent bitch on the internet  a shy, friendly slut in real life.
yeb, got one.
Mostly like it for wake up and activity remainders, also like where their stats are heading :
DBUalumIt's the last home game of the season!
Who will be there to watch the beat the OSU Pokes?
Spread the word!
Love latenight chats with  Magic Stick playing in the background
How tight would it be if every major city's Subway lines played music from that city?
You'd get around and get musical history lessons.
What heaven must look like......
thanks for sharing....
have fun!
Say what you mean, and mean what you say.
That'd be great.
I'll pay for it with the lottery money I'm going to win after being selected to swim at the London...
Do you know why you need special Yoga Pants to practice Yoga?
tweet deck info continued..Works like a charm for managing more than one account too.
: What does Aloha mean to you?
It means my honeymoon in 2 weeks at your hotel!
.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results :
Its war.
Niggas betta strap up.
Kissing condoms at ur local CVS RT : Can't kiss everyone in the mouth.
It's real outchea
today was great!
hungout with my friends i had a blast with Henryy nd Karisa :
Got my hotel booked fo south padoctor cant wait its goinnnn down 2 king size beds whoop whoop
Welcome to Tucson!
The summers are hot, BUT not humid.
Plus, the monsoons are pretty awesome.
Where did you move from?
I love you girl!Your the best!!!!!!:
whats worse the toddler or bikram??
Indeed!
Well said.
Not true.
Reggie miller is one of the best to play the game and he never won one
hey hey hey what up
It's a winwin!
RT : I'd appreciate it also.
i just don;t have time to post everything that i want to.
mentionyourcrush some people might not be talking after this shit.
It could be a DIY project :
I was thinking the same thing!
get Al on the line!

if we are, we want to probably get things purchased/ordered soon.
so what are your plans for today
S/O 2 the friends at SKAR.
Gr8 2 see u at the
CAN SOMEONE KNOCK THIS JERKOFF NEIL OUT!?!?!?
WTF NYR!!
DO SOMETHING!!!
G20 meeting gives talking heads a chance to pretend things are under control, and try to keep markets at bay a bit longer.
Instagram  naedemolish  I do follow back!
Aww,misterSeacrest, My Parents are Dentist and They really enjoy ur new Pro Picture !;
I haven't had much luck recently, doctorpped my phone down the toilet and now it doesn't work
Happy to share the twitter skies!
Thanks for the connection!
Sweet, I get to go to a meeting at the Old Executive Office Bldg.
Never been there.
Plus, gets me out of my office's All Hands meeting.
This time next week, you all will have hopefully seen my debut music video, Down...stoked!!
Passion breeds success.
Do you think they are also going to sing the Candian National Anthem?
ABDC is on!!:O I am very Happy!!: gshshxbsuskdnuzkagxy!
OMG
I'm sick.
thanks for asking how are you?
I love you mom!
We have so many eggs from our farm share so I'm gonna make a souffle tonight and get rid of them.
just watched the JEdgar media screening directed by Clint Eastwood, starring LeonardoDicaprio as Hoover.
Its a good movie not great.
It's Square Dance Day!
I did pretty good for a guy who never finished high school and used to yodel at square dances.Roy Rogers ;
if we do somehow loose this series LA is still working hard.
Going to get meds refilled.
Oh joy.
I'm going to stand by my decision to doctornk before the gym.
In fact, I think everyone should do it.
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!57
Seattle couple committed to taking home, well, home  The Seattle Times
Fish friday!
What should I pick up at the store ???
I was not a slut tonight!
I'm a 201 them xD
I could not understand what this old man was saying.
Excited about them playing I'm in ,Too Much doctorma, To Stay Focused.
By Earl Singleton
How?
I want to like her but its like all I've seen is the bad
over it
what it do
now that was just.
wow.
;
Great fuel prices!
...........Thanks alot Obama bin Laden !
I doubt they will.
This however does signify the end of Paterno's coaching career.
Heads will roll all the way up the chain.
miss u!
hm , I'm bored now.
1D Come Home is trending and I kinda agree with it...
the boys need a little bit of a break, at least.
they work so hard!
its the truth ladies chill
Thanks Arleen, great to connect with you.
so if you love me baby this is how you let me know, don't ever let me go, that's how you'll let me know baaybaay 
It's not so difficult to get used to.
Best wishes and much success!
RT : I am leaving the Free Press to be a senior writer for Sports Illustrated
Life is like a piano.
What you get depends on how you play it.
i aint got shit goin on!
LD asked me if e wanted to do a diss battle so get on
Doctors lawyers accountants
UGH!
Just got the files man.
Wow.
Well worth the wait.
THANK YOU!
Classic
2.50 today!
Quarter pound Polish and Reg Beef!!
Try my new spicy chipotle n fennel ketchup!
Love is not just a word, its wat 2 people share together
or chocolate or cookies RT : I forget  does the C in JISC stand for cake or cats?
I think you meant  RT : Girls that bitch about guys not texting them  sometimes y'all gotta take the risk  text him!
I'm from Bieberland :D what about you :
we had a great info session last night!
Can'tWait for auditions  the start of classes!!
: TSStudioRocks!
Hey Kevin, hope you had a fun time!
How'd you do?
And THANKS!
: There is also a GLBTQ Friendly Merengue Lesson.
We'll be promoting on Homo Radio this Sunday Jan 1st!
LOL  Yeah....
I was browing the geeks on FBDork.com when my stuff went down.
Stupid timewarner
Busy day at !
Interviews with and !
On my self esteem boosting mission at the State Fair.
my guess would be a little chilly!
Love the soup lol
only cuz the Wendy's line was too long
Did I ever tell you that having road rage is such an attractive feature?
:
I'm not worried about your mom  dad boyfriend/fiance brother or sisters.
It's your fat friends  Chris Hanson who scare me.
Good morning my friends.
Hope to see you at the meeting tonight :
Our students really enjoyed attending the opening at last night!
DS: Welcome to Baltimore 
What's your favorite animal?
Adoctornaline has rehearsal this afternoon.
We'll be learning new songs for Wet Willie's on Beale St.
this Friday.
lies lies liess
I read your bio ...
but you're on the path!
You'll get there :
Hi Stan, ty for the follow interesting blog
id like to see T in the park someday
: no worse feeling than knowing you never come first
TSA agent was surprised and annoyed that I wanted to know where he was going to touch me before he did it.
extraordinarily so...
RT : newt  fundamental loser
Shall we sprint?
you wanna go!
You gotta go!
If that was any indication of the future BRING THAT SHIT ON!
what the test bout like landforms or etc.?
In the end, people are the only defensible competitive advantage.
Again I don't hide behind a keyboard.
Not afraid.
You can't intimate me.
You're acting tough on Twitter hypocrite
we are all set for tomorrow tweeple: speaker,dancer,boombox, coffee, donuts, social media will make for an awesome breakfast tomorrow
Best place to get free stuff in Madison...play the game !
But your Canadian!
Lol your supposed to be good at anything snowish lol
Half a Club Sandwich from Raffery's winning :
im at work :p bored as fuckkkk u!?
The Social Express will be a sponsor for the Flawless Foundation event held at Fred Segal in Santa Monica December 8th.
What a great cause!
also, you're not following me.
: and Ang doesn't have one..
On my way to BAND PRACTICE!!!
:
Aviators are for cops.
Wayfarers are for Tom Cruise.
i imagine you a young Tom Hanks.
Red Wayfarers are where it's at.
Look for them, Ben.
MyCelebCrushIs D Wade
10thingsthatannoyme 7.
when no one answers my question.
She always get 's jealous, but it's only because shes afraid to lose you.
I so agree, I have refused to watch any and all shows that give GG air time.
thanks do much for watching and for supporting business women!
I promise I made that last tweet up even though I'm now aware roughly a million people made it up before me.
I love it!!!
You're so ready for Summer!!
today is so nice and quiet
I'll suck dick for an invite to that party text me
Same here.
I'm going to also chew doublemint gum all day.
I saw the rats brain lmao xD
DidYouKnow?
Choosing a gas storage water heater that has earned the rating can save you 
On the road
That cute jeep broken down on the interstate is mine..
Any chance that Joe Jonas, Jennifer Love Hewitt or Susan Lucci will recur more often?
Scorps on repeat, all day every day.
On a quest for Raaaawwrrr shoes lol
Shit just blew the fuck outta me.
Hoping the rest of my day goes better.
: I Know you will .lolYou wnt to meet some where so i can kill you
: Yep sounds about right...doesn't it and ??RT : Gemini is the life of the party.
SOTRUE
hey now...we'll do fine without him!
: is following me!
O lawdy!
She rides a wave of swag into the universe.
Me  fangirlhaha thank you!
I have had 45 minutes to myself this morning.
In silence.
It feels heavenly.
Sad reality.
My video camera gets more compliments than i do hahaha
With a doubt,
Oh, I wish I was in France right now.
This election is amazing.
Hollande!
libra fo life
You're single?
Didn't know that.
Or, is that a quote?
Only you would guess cm when you see a picture of a big yellow bus!
Lol!
PEOPLE ARE SO doctorMATIC.
NOONE CARES.
how do u like new York my homeland
It's been a hell of a day and it's not even 4 yet
89 fans away from some super cool giveaways to celebrate hitting 20k!
Whitney Houston dead at 48.
What a loss!
What a voice!
What a shame!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles She's Just Not That Into You
I am back in ATL!
: I play tonight in north GA....
:
Good Morning East Coast!
I'm Scurred.
OH: I'm pretty sure I've never thought negatively of Dairy Queen.
Truth
Maybe I can stay awhile....I'm talking about all the time.
Hope they have a kill switch.
lol my other tweet was for u too lol come over I mean
TATI SAYS THANKS FOR ALL THE FAN MAIL AND LOVE SHE IS RECEIVING FOR HER SONG LOL
this Monday?
awesome guest speaker  students loved you!
fixed RT : not sure if that's sarcasm or not?
i tried listening a few weeks ago.
i got 20 seconds into it and wanted to dance!!!!!!
Starting a gardening series  beasilyscorner.blogspot.com.
You live in the city?
I'll addoctorss that, too.
I NEVER thought I'd be in this position again..:
: No regrets, just lessons learned.Life would be a lot easier if I could put my feelings and thoughts into words.
Create meaningful, shared experiences.
Get involved in church, volunteer, or pray together.
You'll bond on a deeper level.
Al Lewis: Mortgage broker fights lender folly
I'm sleepy!!!
:/ hope today things will go better...
with EVERYTHING
sounds great
Looks like a useful original purpose.
Given the passive aggressive comments I get on LibGuides already not sure can take any more.
Food!
I knew I forgot something today!
Had plenty of coffee today though.
ha!ha!!
More of a meeting than date it makes life all the more interesting; c u sat sistah
Headache day 2.
Tried coffee, water, gatorade, vitamins, food, Aleve, aspirin, and singing my face off, to no avail.
Guess it's a tumor.
Nope.
Vinny has done enough of that for us.
Do it!
where did you find it?
yes sir ;
RT : : A1: Accepting that I deserve to Happy, Healthy and Successful.
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW YOU
Tonight catch Al and Jenny playing w/ The Black Sands and supporting Jesse LaMonaca's album release 9pm.
I will be headlining a FREE show this Sunday at Bottle Rock in Culver City down the street from Sony Studios.
Show starts at 7 PM and...
My Mum Got A Massage There .
awkward 
what up D Fish lol!
I got staff infection ;
Why can't school just be over.
It's a waste of time now.
: I sustained a ping pong injury today.
Who does that?!
If not doctornking, one can tense up leading to embarrassing injury
I think it's EtatsUnis.
Awww, shoot ; So YOU are the especially you ; x x x x mysterious girl!
WOO!
When there's no Cap'n Crunch at home what do you do?
Go to girlfriends appt.
and eat hers.
Hah
Dude, I dig your stuff.
Seriously.
indeed.
This was definitely a cheese question.
Only fifteen minutes, hurry up!
Come learn How to Build To Go and Shelter in Place kits in the Kyle Morrow room
I 3 Kenny from south park :3
Listening to Quincy jones exploration of Henry mancini CD.
Loving the orchestration.
Merry Christmas all.
Thanks, and sorry, I guess?
the week we we're on vacation killed my queue.
I have 10hrs of commute a week which helps.
Tomorrow is my last day of school as a senior .
It's over forever !
Your amazing: Love iconic boyz 3
Finnick Odair just needs to get casted.
I need to love him forever like right now.
looks like i'm not doing anything tonight.
thanks mom.
forgottenartists JoJo leave and Too Little Too Late.
Well, that's not the only reason.
It was also very cold.
Kinda racist, but VERY COLD!
RT : Show ur ProjectStyle love  let the Twitterverse know about it.
Tweet ProjectStyle  help us represent!
TwSIG Using mobile devices to report twitter in fieldwork for environmental classes.
So over all this bullshit.
I can't wait to get out of high school.
Fuckin' aye.
We hear that DC Film Alum Instructor is moving to LA.
Our loss for sure, but LA is going to be very lucky.
We'll miss you!
RT : Is Halloween a good time to teach your childoctorn about taxes?
For every 10 you get, you need to pay your parents 4....
You best sing David Bowie w/all your heart.
So excited to relax tonight and I will try my best to not feel guilty about it!
Taking the stage tonight at the Comedy Store  8pm.
.
.
All I can think about is a way to eat a banana without making me look like a slut.
YES!
Might make me run for the hills and keep the std's away!
i cried a little bit earlier today.
We take him back in an hour.
This is much harder the second time.
what's up David!
Nice to see you on the twitters!
Chicagoland Mini Motoring Club at Culver's, 2500 Ogden Av, Downers Grove today from 5pm to hang out, meet up and eat frozen custard.
See ya!
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
Anonymous
Thanks for the mention
Really introspective interview w Donna Summer so glad we had a 'Last Dance' w you
I got a free extra sandwich from yesterday when they were closing and just had it for dinner at work.
Still good the next day.
LEDs last 50 times longer than incandescent lighting and 10 times longer than fluorescent.They also require less maintenance.
And you fell victim to my failed attempt to establish lists.
I do better with chaos!
So, the furry thing was on his knees making a wailing noise.
he looked at my puzzled face and said: What?
I am a dog.
No question about integrating mobile is considered to be dumb.
Are you considering a mobile strategy in your marketing mix, we can help.
Let's go Skins!!!
Can summer start already?
I miss my 500 paychecks.
GUD MORNING FACEBOOK !
HAVE A GOOD 1 FAM !!!!!!!
LATER
As a child sbusr survivor, I would like to thank you for one day eradicating abuse from our society.
Teaparty blind ideology hates Gov't to extreme of giving all power to corps.
Scewed thinking.
it says a lot about your living situation when stripping starts to sound like a viable career option.
dude, they make tons of .
google us BOCK STARZ ENTERTAINMENT and LIKE our facebook page
Follow our friends they help protect your pet incase they ever go missing!
I'm blasting my music so I won't hear my thoughts, but the lyrics just remind me of what I'm trying to forget.
salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch salad is a good lunch
Yes!
Take flight :0 RT : wow word travels far!!
Lol!
But yeah I'm having a blast!
6 more shows!!!
Please discourage your friends from outside of Madison from coming to Mifflin this year
please follow me 3 i love u and your smile : tanks
If you watched Conan the first time, you can tune in again to see Ed play very soon!
Home run derby all day!!
Awesome sales at our kiosk in the Wa Sq mall.
Come check us out right in front of Nordstroms.
Xmas is only a week away, so get some Lunatik
I'd love to connect with some more mamas with ADHD or parents of kids with ADHD
I'm speechless!
good thing Im typing!
pleased to Tweet you!
Thanks for the RT, great weekend to you
We're going to the Super Bowl!!!!!!
Kaitlyn's ears are happy and so are we!
Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
Happy 4th to you and yours!
Thank you so much for the compliment and for providing support to small NM businesses!
Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Audoctory Hepburn
i thought only old ppl eat their cereal that way : not calling you old tho!
Lol
Hollywood, stop giving movies such long names.
These box office fullscreens are getting too cluttered.
Also, I still hate VizRT.
we'll evaluate product lines after the holiday season is over.
Many of the kits are in clearance  will not be carried any longer.
YEAH BUDDY!!!
what a day.
what a day.
what a day.
Let's chat more, but I'm game,  interested in hearing things you guys do out there.
Commencement is 5/12 but I can make it work.
wow thanks for the code!
I haven't read it yet, but his other stuff is about as far from that as Deleuzian criticism can be.
Sports talk radio doctorves me nuts.
I'm thinking, shut up and let's play!
glad you dig your shirt  it was great hanging  talking today!
s
i'm overwhelmed how good Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl was.
It's a love story for the ages, from beginning to end.
Any suggestions for a good dinner spot around Islamorada?
thank God everyone is ok...
DANG :O.
Its 11:57 Here!!!!
3.9 gpa your final semester of college?!?
you are showing me up big time with everything else you do too
thanks again for a great night of food and karaoke
Slightly sleepy now, afternoon nap first!!!
Ugh.
My kid came home with her 1st note from the teacher..I'll read it after the boys play.
Go Cowboys!!
was the hug better today 3 lol
Good times at lesbian high
Huntsy: A Smart Dashboard for Your Job Search
new website coming!
My niece Sophie just asked me where the girlscouts get all of their
Obama promotes manufacturing during Milwaukee speech
hahahaha enjoying this conversation immensely
great day you?
God has an elevation plan for your life!!!
You can lead a horse to Sailor Jerry but you can't make him think!
Let's make one thing clear, he still tested positive for awesome.
I guess you only truly love once.
Congrats on your baby, my wife and I are also expecting.
We play ur records all the time..
Dick Clark died?
at the verizon center.
LOL, was it wrong that I was hoping he would strike out during his last AB to make it 0 for 20?
Instead he walked.
Stupid non AB.
remember register early for May Day for 20.00.
MPOA will be BBQ TriTip and DSA will be doing their beans!
I got my mojo back baby aw behave!
you and me both Fam!
I'm great!
You seem like have a pretty awesome band!
are you going to be in ANC this year?
Hello!
Back from London was cold and rainy...
had fun but now i'm glad to be home in Chicago where it's sunny and warm!
getting a giant headache...
Nonetheless, it was a thoughtprovoking tweet.
We're thinking of you all  stay safe!!!
I'm wearing a hat.
It's an imaginary hat.
It's the color of comfort and scented with lavender.
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3o
I don't want this best buy giftcard, is it weird to try and sell it out front of the store?
Responded to FIRE  2070 Grand Concourse, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 18 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Pitching a perfect game against the Mariners is as impressive as scoring 14 on the Red Sox.
cleaning my room for the first time since i moved in.
What cool project are you working on today?
My friend and I kept screaming we love you during softball practice3 !
yee follow baack: ?
got it
CRASH: Powell  Hogan in Gresham
are you my father?
I don't think so
Tebow!
Tebow!
Tebow!
I'm on one knee, fist to forehead!
N when she calls I act as if I dnt knw who it is lol
I got you sis
Prom is in two days.
This can not be happening right now  uhoh 
also I found out some of my friends in their mid 20s have no idea what a cervix is
I just got invited to a Manhattan roof top party for Cinco De Mayo on Saturday.
I can't wait!
What will you all be doing?
followfriday Follow these guys and they will follow you back!
nice goals in your description.
thanks for the follow.
A looongg night of homework whoop whoop!
I can't argue with that.

Who else want a shout out RT THIS
I miss everything about him.
But he hates me.
I can't imagine hating him for good.
This is all very nice but I'm willing to bet it won't be Angels/Marlins in the World Series
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal.
Thomas Jefferson
This, despite the fact I actually came in and upgraded trusting that Comcast would make it right
so jealous you're at SpringTraining!
Only two features yet to program and a mobile app then will be ready to launch.
Hitting a time crunch now.
Excellent!
Keep up the great work and congratulations on the big milestone!
manic panic is vegan.
Everything we ignore costs us in mental time, space and weight.
All while we think we are ignoring it.
I have a taste for a catfish dinner...
I know you know, I got your heart pumping.
I know you know, we know we got something ;
Anyone know why Man U was wearing black arm bands today vs West Brom?
freestuff pick me :
what up blackie
Mustard wins.
Don't you love it when it says you have an unread messege, but when you look theres nothing?
please please please follow back??
;
I did the the rope climb at the beach.
Thanks, P90x!
Also, if you're in New Orleans, I'm going on the radio at around 1:45 to talk Hornets rebranding RE: Wizards rebranding.
I do not like green eggs  ham  but I love green glaze donuts!
Celebrate Saint Patrick's day with us and try one of these yummy new treats!
is there any love came on  the bar in Chicago
Just a heads up, my previous tweet was not a subtweet because subtweeting is fucking retarded.
Heyy!
How was your day?
I Love You too!
xoxo
Me to soon as this heffa get out my kitchen so I can get to my private stock.
RT : I need a doctornk
Thinking about Luck, and can't shake the awful Massive Attack opening credits.
Would've preferred Nick Nolte singing Way Down in the Hole.
But that's a top three school.
i feel like the unnecessary conversation amongst some women is what gets us in trouble like wtf does one's lacefront got to do with you?
raiders dmac?
Seriously?
Carson palmer?
Pleased it was only a 4hr delay!
About 2 set off.
Will b cutting it fine 2 make connection frm JFK 2 salt lake tho!
Welcome back!
WeWontWork if you have a bad personality or no sense of humor.
Director, Writer,  Producer...
I hate girls that smoke cigarettes.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and professorssional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show!
started: Thu, 21:50 PST
Focusdo one thing, Excellence do one thing well, Motivationdo the one thing well to love  serve others.
In Atlanta, 760 Frenchmen / women voted in today's elections 65 for Sarkozy, only 35 for Hollande.
Seems to be the trend across the US
yw your welcome
Rene, STOP reading news stories about animal cruelty.
You knew it was going to make you cry, and now you're 10 min behind on work  upset.
idol  Joshua has a great voice and the song was heartfelt but as usual he reverts back to screaming too much.
Sunny But Cold Really.?!
Hey we're 5 minutes into Happy Hour are you ready for your weekend to begin?
What's your favorite way to start your Friday?
He just told me I'll be off the market soon.
Seriously?
Good Morning, Happy New Year's Eve, Eve!
2012 is your year!
I love that you use wax earplugs in Starbucks...
Very excited to work on the remaining wedding paper components for !
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
even for Black Tie and Boots ball?
At work tired and bored ...blah
So your saying I'm dumb for getting that for Bc I was thinking about getting her another one?
Whatever you say I'll do
Good morning 
No problemo  I always appreciate your tweets  thoughts, ArthurG!
the twitter pond is fetid this morning with expletives...why do people feel the need to express themselves so cheaply  rudly?
Almost done with the semester!
ready for summer!its gonna be sick!:D
You forgot to add my name for the topps archive box.
Bwahaha!
Welcome to hell.
Next thing you know, you'll be attending a dinner party.
its fun:
RT : We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER.
Woo woo!
it will be on the radio streetz 106 Friday night
Also, Hawaii at Air Force will be on ESPN2.
We love Wednesdays because kicks off in just two more days!
Make today count!
So I have no class today and I dont work..
why the hell am I up so early?
oh well, might as well be productive
Many of our members are on Twitter!
Follow
KING PLOW  WIN EVERYTIME!!!
Thanks again Nicole Hewitt for selecting to be shown at DC's AfroBrazilian Arts  Cultural Festival!
imma do that too!
I'd love to read a blog post on that!
its my friends bday at el sitio tonight!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Why is it that I want to put a red bow in 's her hair and doctorss her up like GILLY.
I don't like you.
Look at the lineup on ESPLin It's all jeremeylin allthetime I predict again NBA finds a way to get him into allstargame festivities
I'm trying hard to spread awareness can I get a RT
End of the top of the 6th, OLLU and BC tied at 1.
i dnt understand how you cn doctornk but whn i smoke, all hell breaks loose.
I really don't know why I'm around in today's world.
I must've been someone in the 1950's and part or all of their soul remains in me today.
Sure man.
I think I can help you out.
polls are now open!
Marion Co.
Clerk talks about 4 precincts with problems this morning, nothing widespread.
That's coming up at 6:30
I expected some sort of bumped badge for my consecutive checkins at JFK and LGA.
Good morning twats.
c:
These Bears need to step it up!
Excited that the Power will face Cleveland on NFL Network this Friday night!
You forreaaallll need to calm yourself.
Terrific finish for the Flyers and 06 Hobey Baker winner who earns assist on Briere's OT winner.
Just followed you.
Nice to meet someone who also call out the dumb ass Fire Baggers.
Nice to meet you!
hes already given us an xbox, what more do you want?
flattering!
i have some thoughts abt your shirt selection in those photos of you and your parents at dinner
Gonna be a long day.
I really doctorad these ten hour shifts.
Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins are about as perfect a musical pair as there has ever been.
: what's shakin bacon???
Opps sorry wrong breakfast food!!
Lol....what's bakin biscuit???
love you too!
I have a new sport you are going to har to play with me!
When I retire I'm moving to Kepler22b
who are you telling...
I have so much homework, but I keep thinking about GossipGirl tonight.
Hi sam just emailed you a pdf of the article.
Let us know if you need anything else.
my gooddeed is trying to teach my 5 year old Autistic brother to talk  write!: what's yours?:
Too Fly
i don't like the fact that google chrome keeps my bookmarks whenever i'm logged into google.
No matter what I'm going through, there's always someone doing worst than me.
I should be grateful for what I have and who I have.
you rock!
McCarthy: we have come so far with our spec.
needs childoctorn.
Explain how we can reach these kids and keep the in school under this law.
Elation.
Dejection.
Back to zen base level.
All in an afternoon.
That was entertaining.
Make it to the symphony when you can.
Love this crowd.
Lots of long gray hair in ponytails, gr8 clothes.
Q3 Trying to do a little marketing, as we're part of a larger org and haven't been featured lately.
and herworld pairing up today to encourage girls to pursue their doctorams.
Thanks Board president Garcia for speaking!
Yikes!
Clearly, they need your help.
There's too much money out here for us to be bullshitting.
Smh Love is love and business is business.
As much as I heart the DC metro, I think its time to swap the avatar for the supercool Fort logo :.
I trust nobody but my mom
It's hard to run away from my problems.
They know where I live.
Hey Ken, how are you?
Busy, brother.
Got some BIG things happening for and
oh wad you really,go to school lol
Yeah, 2 accounts  confusing.
It's like playing hideandgoseek.
Only on Twitter.
And no one finds you.
She's delicious.
Hey !
Thanks for getting the word out about Go Go Green.
However, the date of the race is actually October 22!
we were all beginners once!
Keep skating  LOTS  and connect with our recruitment committee:
Happy Birthday To My Bro
We need to rooolll
i am really looking forward to the best month ever.
emphasis on entrepreneurship in COFLA plenary on building communities after crisis  proud of efforts w/
I gave 25.
RequestLisa Harrigan wants a Neil photo, as it's a very nice one of him and he sent me to you.
Thanks.
Gotta eat dat pussy up b4 stickin it n.
doesn't matter how wet she already is, lick up dem juices,  get her even wetter.
Den slide n
Apopka: Just really heavy rain in about 20 minutes or less
Someone get me coffee.
Please.
Ah!
I followed them can I get a follow from you?
Chill nights are good nights...
Wife's sudden impulse: go see The Avengers in 12 minutes.
I support this.
Great lunch with business insider
lol it's actually Ravi's, jokes on you all!
Ha hey Im playin burrito Bison
We will now offer the setup, explaination, and customization of twitter accounts for clients, also RSS and misc options.
Contact us Today!
Wow, could have listened to an entire session of on paratextual gesturing
You're having a good professorle pic day justsayin Stopped by to tweet hello!
ik..
I let Anna borrow it In a race with hot wheels and she broke it..
It's getting more like, where can I go and not hear about Shadow People invading than, where do I go to find where one's lurking :
When you smoke marijuana it reveals your real self.
True Blood was the best ever tonight !!!
Good game!
And PM is awesome.
: Great game !
And thanks for what you do to help support local!
If you could get a meal on the house at any restaurant in Denver, where would you go?
What would you order?
not the Chicago Scrubs!!
I don't think I've seen this many kids at any other corporate campus dining facility.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW Coby Kyros MID7015 7Inch Andoctorid Internet
RT You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mindIrish Proverb
I will most likely be wearing Lolita at the Ball 3
between RI and I could just settle into a life of agoraphobia!
Couldn't agree more!
RT : is not a bad place to be a regular
About to be the 'Mystery Reader' in my daughter's preschool class.
Bout watch the Heat vs Knicks!
Who you rockin' wit?
to punt..kick when ya don't get the 10 yards..no metaphor intended
Your favorite calendar app?
Good question MT might be a tough post, but should try research on temp variation.
10 deg inc.
2 days in a row, then 20 deg?
Keeping Christmas alive by eating reindeer cookies.
marshallstjmaxx guests getting giveaways!
guesstheprice game :
it looks amazing.
Did you discover South Carolina this weekend?
Tell us all about!
What did you do in the Palmetto State?
well you know.
you tell me ?
;D
you should sing a song with
Thank goodness for Jeff though
I think I'm blathering every bit as frequentlyperhaps your taste has just improved g.
To be fair, had a lull during much travel
Found via Public Documents Masterfile: Afghanistan's narco war: breaking the link between doctorg traffickers and insurgents, 2009
I heard that!
Thanks for the mention
more than welcome, Dell always has something interesting happening around the globe.
That was a very bad baseball game.
I will always be here for you.
No matter what.
Am chillin relaxing halla at me thanks
My dad has been obsessed with What Makes You Beautiful by One Direction for that last 2 weeks or so.
You just gotta be inspiring.
People love inspiring.
RT : A1: Understanding that ANYTHING you do is customer service.
it will get you far in preservation and beyond
and now we wait for Apple's approval....
can I have parts like 15.
o yes I do 3 I am soo happy for you
: Being photogenic  Being me
I have a bruise on my leg and its purple and it hurts
HAPPY BDAY TO ME IM 21 NOW LET LEGAL doctorNKIN BEGIN LOL
Only 596 days to go!
Boo!
But then again, if you are moving, it's not your tree anymore, so you shouldn't care.
:o
I will miss so much!
You guys have changed me and helped me in so many way!
I love you guys so much
where's my award dude?
Not looking forward to fall or winter weather around here..blahh
She's doing new media for a mgmt co!
On my way to Baltimore for some singing :
I follow maria.
maria follows me.
liam follows maria.
liam sees marias tweets.
maria RTs me.
Liam sees my tweets.
If anyone wants to try out wikis from cmtraining, here at we offer free wiki hosting  support.
Contact me if you have questions.
Please arrive on time, tonight's In The Mix event feat.
will start promply at 6 P.M.
COME EARLY, VENUE WILL FILL UP QUICKLY!
i dont get it...whats up with the wierdest fuckin people in front of circle k lately??
P KimBeezy
3 i look like sex xo
I made it one more year without becoming a mother, good job to myself
it's a PC and i'm just using the one that came with it lol
follow back please:
yes I hate meetings!
I did pretty good but 1 tables check was 103 and they completely stiffed me!
I was so fucking pissed!
SNPK breaking out...
You're The Reason I Smile, Laugh, And Love Life.
But You Are Also The Reason Why I Am Scared...To Truly Tell You How I Feel.
What r u talking about , ?
The 4th ends with Rain.
I recorded it
To succeed jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
Benjamin Franklin
...to innovation.
All critical for those struggling to gain a foothold in SD economy.
no i haven't
Both my grandfathers were soldiers and I think of and are amazed at their contributions regularly.
Happy Veterans Day
I will never forget the day you looked me in the eyes as I walked up to you smiled really big and said Heyy I was amazing3
What is the dinner party exactly?
:
You know it....
Nothing wrong with loving vinyl.
Just discovered I'm doctornking Gilberts vodka.
So that amazing.
Sry I can't help you I'm beginning to hate Google myself.
Gorillaz concert on this Palladia channel.
Gorillaz contains more stage band members than Broken Social Scene.
S/O showin love at Rush Street with my amazing manager
I could use a BIG FAT PILL right about now!
Ha ha!
Thanks for the link.
Church of Higher Efficiency: see footnote.
It's 's n7 treatment of CHE.
WHAT...WHERE?
Your The Best Husband Ever
ff to every single person involved with uwsocial and smbmad!
i found the shirt doctorss!!
lol
hey what was with the whole burning of band merch?
Those are some pretty lucky dogs!
Is it too late or too soon to make a hologram/Dick Clark joke?
Intersting discussion over collaborative databases and what is a historical publication in visualizing data.
u will be severely missed!!:
My Next Long Term Relationship Will Be A Book I Write For Both of Us too Look Back on An Say we Set a Damn Good Example 3
you oughta be ashamed of yourself...
what would say?
thoughts on Peyton coming back to TN?
or better for him to go to Denver?
You are probably the only one that knows the TN love.
hey hey getting ready for sunday school!
and GOSH I AM SO HUNGRY I MAY THROW UP !!!!!!1 WATCH OUT
can you make it any more complicated to buy a single ticket to a punk show?
Felt like I was taking an exam or something.
Don't set out to be different, set out to be yourself.
Does anyone have the new iPad 3, I have the iPad 2.
I'm wondering if I should upgrade it or just hold on to the one I have?
for laughs, try to imagine Romney chomping a cigar in the Colonel role.
LOL
.
As they say in Costa Rica, it's better to be alone than in bad company.
Today The DePaulia will be live tweeting from Seminar on upcoming NATO summit.
Check in for updates.
I wore crocs into the Apple store tonight to have them fix my 7 yr old iMac.
The brand has never been less hip.
Omg !
I feel like 2 fuck six women at the same time.
Watching John Q in class, this movie so sad but good.
just about to get off then im going to get a hair cut
THATCamp LAC doctorws to a close.
What a rockin' experience.
Enjoyed meeting so many awesome people!!
Brazil congress set to vote on divisive forest law
thank you!
:D
I love that you do that.
lunch w/ a client, mani/pedi....
Other then that I'm super free!!
What are we gonna do?
Listening to a little DWTWN, check them out if you haven't already.
dignified black shows are unsuccessful but racist black shows are what the network wants.
that's cool, good luck!
Have faith in humanity?
Try reading the comments section of any news website and we'll soon fix that!
Lets hear it folks, give me your Best Dirty Joke for dirtyjokethursday
writing a chorus is so easy but its just what picture will it paint in the eyes of fans
Flavor of the week Mango Vanilla.
Just in time for summer!
yum, refreshing!
ItsCrazyHow everything you can do I can do better lol
Ohmygaaaaaaaaaaaad I can't believe you just quoted that!
this can't be life
remember when silly bands were cool?
What did the pig call a manuscript?
A shoat story.
Bout to start doctorving
It's a crime to be outside today!
ya he was and it is so cool that u are from Europe I want to go on vacation there so bad it looks so pretty
Right now, I would really like to know the internal parts of a gas meter.
Big week of preparations at the PRC.
New England Portfolio Reviews, PRC in NYC, and so much more!
Hi twitter!!
Watching the rain
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be.
Now put foundations under them.
Henry Davi
RT Every time Hollywood releases film based on a board game, I will release a dangerous pedophile from prison
RT : Had a great 2hr long ass convo with my broski last night lol  n did hav a great convo.
We need 2 talk more
What a great day.
2 of us, 300 signatures in 5 hours in Stoughton today.
She's so eloquent!
I want to but no one will go
what's that saying?, what's the Caesar's is the Ceasar's , nobody can't take it away , congratulations Adele...
idol  Joshua's second song was much better, a bit over the top in on place but very good overall.
Adele's 21 is amazing but Its also so damn depressing.
and I talk about this a good deal.
Would be awesome to have a DI style STEAM comp for HSers
Lamont Is Getting Punched Dead In His Balls.
i have two.
My good one is Stars Kelsey xoxo
do u have tips, lessons, best practices that u could share w/clients and prospects?
let me show you how you can leverage them for more biz!
Nothing like the feeling upon embarking on a road trip.
Have fun!
idol  Colton shouldn't be in the bottom three but it was a better call that either Phillip or Jessica
Breakfast in bed is always bomb :
I must be getting old.
Still tired from Saturday.
I spent almost 10 hours at the track then hit up 3 Galas.
i really wish i wasn't surrounded by such close minded people
I hate doing simnacher's work tt
please make a cheap bastard weather translator
Oh Monday!!
You with your sleepy mornings and beautiful weather make me want to be outside ALL day long!!!
Another day..another struggle:
LMAO, me gusta.
U remember trying to speak spanish last night?
RT: : Breakfast of champions pizza and plan b
FrmisterBrown Co.
Exec Nancy Nusbaum will face GOP Sen.
Rob Cowles in August 9th recall election after winning primary v.
placeholder candidate
I'd love to see evidence that he's sunk 93 million into it.
On what?!
Thx.
NOMsuch liars!
: LOL last was last month and the investor who spoke were from NOM
A 100 mother fuckers can't tell me nothing
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I'm  my lil boy trck meet at Desoto High
Hello everyone ;
Bulaga moved before the snap on the neutral zine infraction penalty.
We all need some form of deeply rooted, powerful motivation  it empowers us to overcome obstacles so we can live our doctorams
Our thoughts become our words, our words become our actions, our actions become our character, our character becomes our destiny.Gandhi
Florida, you were fun.
time to get back home.
milwaukee bound
I need a massage I need a volunteer to put your hands on me
I have full faith Maggie is up to the challenge.
Let's go
Why is everyone saying Adam Sandler died?
Looking to add some more business people on Long Island to www.LongIslandConnection.org We can use a web designer on LI to join us.
The art director meeting was a success!
DEAD.
Tenacious D is so foolish with these lyrics.
if it means a lot to you..
Great answer!
Will you be at NMDD next Saturday?
hello love!!!
oh great, timeline for GARRETT!!
when was the last time u ate at mcdonald's?
:
The notes don't reside on your computer.
So if you are using FireFox with the add on too, we can see each other's notes!
A man's work, is never done.
Check this out: we can just use photoshop if we want to see Peyton in a broncos jersey.
everyone
My Uncle is here from Wisconsin.
Time to kick this Vegas Nascar weekend in gear.
Woot woot!!!
Thanks for the mention!
If you live in Nashville we'd love to have you stop in and see us so we can help you make that decision :
: Sleep tight tonight Brew Nation, one of the Best days is tomorrow!!!
yes sir yes sir yes sir
Its summer time, she's still got class.
o!
Paper!
Now I have something to look forward to!
Does that 3 years include your internship?
when has he been anything but a guy with huge upside?
Constant disappointment and has NEVER consistently produced competitively
oh hey.
not muchh.
you?
omg justin tweeted u....lucky!!!
Hell is the suffering of being unable to love J.D.
Salinger
Pregnant women making bets with eachother wagering having to name they kids Zebulon an all types of wierd shit 
It never fails.
Whenever I doctorss spiffy for client meetings I spill coffee on myself.
At least I'm consistent.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.Bertrand Russell
You still have a few more years to stock up on guns before she turns 16.
Rapha is too posh for the Carrefour de l'arbre IMO
y'all some punks for that!
Lol.
I was gon get the scoop anyway!
If I tell you sweet William, what do I get out of it?
Damn addiction.
Silenced another beautiful voice.
Whitney Houston
LOL good job!
Not only can they wear it again, but if pockets are that popular, they will definitely want to as well!
:
Teach parents about early learning.
Our classes for parents provide targets, trainings, and tools to use at home with kids birth to 5.
Over 2 dozen arrests  'Occupy Pearl' prompts PDX Mayor to hold overnight press conference.
The latest this morning on
we will always support u no matter what even if u weren't famous we support u for who u are and I think your very inspiring :D
nw indiana jones and the temple of doom
Some people don't see a good thing til it's gone
Alright NBA fans, who are you taking in the 3 PT Shootout?
i want one!
a good program  depends though  maybe look at decent movie editing or does it have to be website
Thank you!
Loved the post.
I watched it, and now I can't unwatch it.
I still believe bad music videos are awesome in a clown car wreck sort of way.
Dude thought it was sweet in mcdonalds.
Yeah ight bitch.
no one else gets the same love from me to you, every one has different levels and urs is high love you forever peypey
Teamwork makes doctorams work.
3 to be.
and he's from Wisconsin.
How has using web based apps lowered or increased the overhead costs in your business?
great time last night
When can we expect to see data on awarded city contracts???
Can I get anymore confused than I already am?
after lunch?
or now?
i have to go.
IM WIDE UP DIS MORNING AFTER A LOONG DAY OF WORKIN  GRINDIN  HOME YESTERDAY!
LOL SMH GOOD MORNING!
RT : Only MDs should call themselves doctor Anyone with an Ed.D.
or Ph.D.
should not.
Pretentious.
A sign of insecurity.
Hey EnCrowders!
Don't forget to join us tonight for Zumba with Torch Fitness  8:00 p.m.
in the Enso Fit.
See you there!
:
The fact that it takes 45 mins to get from soma to TheMarina is just ridiculous.
Another reason I hate riding in sf!
!
That's my pt.
burn out !
survivorcasting
You have to expand your horizons Ben, do your research on soccer.
It's getting bigger...
Don't be a hater ;
ELLCHAT Did you know that Smart Pens can be programmed to do whatever you want them to do, including speaking other languages?
icantdateagirl because I am married
Some call him Dean Leady.
Others call him the Dean of Students, Dude of Studes, or just Cool Guy.
All are obviously sufficient.
A notsowild idea: grocery stores should allow their patrons online access to records of their purchasing behavior
Metta World Peace?
That's funny!
Yay!
We are excited too!!
Welcome aboard.
lol I kno how you feel
back to working out again ..
been so busy and am getting too skinny..
need some muscle!..
grrrrr

Like  Passion Parties by Teco on Face Book!
for updates, great deals, and info.
indeed.
dog graduation matters.
we will do this again..
soooonn: can't wait to hear when you all start reading:
Watching College World Series...Man I love this game!
Movie idea: remake 'Trading Places' with playing the Dan Akroyd character.
When your just get a tattoo  the spot you got it starts to itch ..
All the goodwill Zito had built up in Colorado was just taken away in one inning at ATT.
Rangers Yu Dog deep fried wonton wrapped hot dog w teriyaki beef, seaweed salad.
Fries oil w sesame seeds holy shit lets go there.
Ignorance, especially when you can do something about it.
congrats!!
Keep it up!
While Jason's at a doctor's appointment, I'm stuck in the office.
Why oh WHY can't I be relaxing outside with a doctornk right now?
Who's taking their MINI out to bring in the NewYear tomorrow?
: looks like she did, btw
who do you think will win the PAC 12?
Woohoo!
Not that CT is all the close but maybe there's somewhere in the middle...
;
Ha!
Yeah.
Interview at 4:30 hope I get it I need a job lol
3 stars?
Right on!
Wait, that's not out of 10, is it?
Don't feel bad pacers fans, Knicks didn't get those calls either
I was hoping this Twilight madness would die down after Breaking Dawn was release.
But no...they're breaking it up into 2 films.
There probably will be a Star Trek Scottie app to beam him up by that time.;
In some ways I gots no balls.
Sunny and hot on the island
yeah just water for me!
iTunes, why must you take forever to download!?
for today brah!!
Let the whole incident be a sealed book, and do not allow itto affect your life
Probably not a good sign that my mom says being a mother is like being trapped in an Alfred Hitchcock movie.
Thanks!
We crave it all the time : RT : The breakfast at Taylor Gourmet is so good!
Lamar Odom just doesn't look right in a Mavs uniform...he body language is terrible and he clearly doesn't want to be there.
Bring em back h
Good Morrow Lady Steph..
Enjoy This Glorious Day..
You Are More Than Welcome ..
I Bid you Ado Mee Lady
As I ride through the outskirts of queens to JFK,im reminded of the saddest of recent storiesthe sale and destruction of my families house.
Now, I've truly seen it all : An elephant plays a harmonica and that's why the Smithsonian rocks!
ly/IlQuMn

His distress in the dugout is heartbreaking.
I love it.
Listening to Phil Selway's album.
Thought it was really eerie and etherial.
Then I discovered my headphones were only half plugged in.
gorgeous!
Did you move over to WP?
FF we are now following because sometimes, its a jungle out there :
Excited for the office Superbowl food party at work tomorrow.
Hoping to pick up some good recipes!
Great training today  thanks to our panel, great insights!
80 /20 rule for twitter posts
Just took a quick sample of vegan people I know...
They are kind of crazy and doctornk like fishes
When people find I play the piano, they ask me if I can play .
Requests are always something I dislike; requesters are always male.
We live in a time period of smart phones and stupid people.
I dont like being disrespected
why so late tonight?
HealthyDeals brings to you ProWhite at Home teeth whitening kit for 35 at a 74 discount.
Get another 5 off when you register
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy.
People who know me think, OMG.
Shes thinking!
Everybody run!
lol
you are welcome...now make some cupcakes :P
I been had that.
but u ain't got back to me on my album!
The joint won't let me are u following back
going to be up in mn the coming weekend.
Interested in a coffee and converse about the universe.
:
Looks like there is a custom pro guitar upgrade for Killing in the Name.
It's for the GH2RB project so it probably won't match with HMX's.
First snow of the year in Flagstaff..and the clouds look apocalyptic.
It's too early in the day to be killing princes.
It's pretty much doctorpbox from Google with cheaper storage upgrades, and Google docs sharing tiein
it was on the table and I saw the picture of you and some dude..
So now you know what you need to do to get it back!
Netflix and exam reviews, life of a college student
should have done that last tweet from here and not the parenting blog!
Ah well, it's the truth!
Also: heels off in the club?
Gtfo!
damn dude got a indoor game at same time.
Good thing we have all their release beers at the Saucer.
Here the ipsummit411 in Miami  Excited for the next couple of days with our awesome clients and iProspectors!
You cant change something unless you know it exists.
Now that's a kickass idea.
Make it happen.
Let us help.
I'm a lrnrebels too!
Status quo is not in my vocabulary.
haha ok!
give it to me friday
This is going to be the worst spring break.
Sue!!!!
: It's practically 1/2 off a Kindle download.
:
Lmfao tell me about it!
But negative, ill pass!: ewwww he deserves a slap slap lol Put his ass up on game bee !

Aww, thanks for the kind words.
Best to you on this beautiful Friday!
Have a great weekend!
The aging of Seann William Scott: not bad.
Goon is incredible.
I'm in need of some serious inspiration.
Please and thank you.
Amazing stories/coverage of Steve Jobs in Time mag.
Also on cover of People for shortened version of great genius.
Im confused, first our saferide doctorver won't bring us to taco bell, but she's not a fan of gangsta rap either
God..it MUST be a prophecy then..WOOOOAH Can't wait to fufill it, phaha.
I agree.
That Roshon was good!
So was !
Getting ready to go see THE AVENGERS!
Its been an amazing Christmas vacation in Colorado, but back to Texas tmisterw morning...
My legs are very sore.
i love the feeling when you get outta the shower!
:
JWP rehearsal canceled tonight...more snow.
That'll help keep us in tune!
Still on for MS Grill in Reston, VA  Friday, Feb 19th!
what it say
This new stationary I got has a kind of depressing fogscape on it.
thanks fa being my rock and number one supporter babe!
I hope this starts a productive Twitter debate RT : The phrase creative coding and its variants are misleading and distracting.
The Miller's Tale is now up on the CB Tweets list!
Gas tank topping off hysteria hitting the berkshires!
All the fleeing new Yorkers are panicked they won't have enough gas to get back!
Cali Burrito with chicken
you say handle!
You must be from the BBS days.
a tip of the hat to u
May the 4th Be With You!
Please welcome MediaBJ to the Max life
the hearts too Nicole ...
STOP does this looks okay ; 3 : xoxo goodnight ; !
....
Lmfao
Jodi please reach out to Stuart about a potential gulf coast project
Talk is cheap, but actions are priceless.
how does dealing for a casino give you the experience to work for an insurance company?
Thank you for reading and sharing!
Following you now!
Peace!
U R one of my favorites ..'morning' to U too
if i was local, i'd be all over it  as a happily married wingwoman of course!
Pretty sure I don't like Chef Nookie.
I know!!
: miss you too, we need to get together outside of vs.
Bragging about yourself is like giving yourself a high five
get excited for our guest blogger: Jirwin blogging about waiting for Harry Potter 7 premier for 7 hours!
www.inlinewaiting.com
is releasing new tracks today.
You know you're fat when your own mother calls you buldging when you try on your formal doctorss./:
RT : Any available free agents you think the Chargers should go after?
I have 104 followers and hardly any of you talk to me.
I'm not that bad..
Weird facts about Jacob: I like wearing suits.
You probably wouldn't have guessed that about me.
Actually ya you probably would...
on my way back to PDX this morning ::yawn::
Nothin more nothin less RT : An apology has 3 parts: im sorry, it was my fault, how do i make it right?
My mentor made it look so simple; does what she loves  raises her kids.
Didn't try to find a uni job.
Just loves to teach.
I hate my laptop!!!
That is all....
: I don't see how I would ever use this emoji  ever in a concersation?
saying you're eating dinner in Japan?
A new study has found significant rates of CTE among AD inpatients.
Pick me up...Thanks ; 
I thought I remembered a positive take, wasn't sure.
I was trying to be funnyy
Well even if we do inadvertently Kill the CumberCutie, a good time will be had by all!
XD
Linkin Park is all time fav.
Will be my 6th LP show.
Also love Incubus  Mute Math  2nd show for both.
Whole lineup is killer
There is no other!
LOL
Just completed an 8 mile bike ride to beautiful Dunedin beach.
Did anyone else watch last night's gray's anatomy?
Ho.ly.crap.
please leave site feedback/suggestions in the contact box!
your cat is freakin huge!
:o
Statistics like these are fascinating...
Could you please cite them?
I like reading source material.
no problem hun.
What does that mean?
Can't wait for this!
is it tossed?
LOLOL
Im s daughter she reccomended u ; watching the bachelorette with her
both dates on calendar...have a bulloyster roast that night as well, but will make it work!
I think I just solved all my text messaging problems!!
Hello insomnia.
You suck.
I wish more people cared and would adopt a dog or cat.So many are homeless  just end up dead.
It's disgusting
Moving to different offices is a pain.
Can't wait to go back to the dental office in Tempe.
Finna watchTheClientList, catching up on tha last episode.
OffLine.
Goodnight and sweet doctorams for everyone : x
Be out grindin or get grinded out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No Time Out's in this Grind House, Booin' these lames like Amy Winehouse
I skipped as much school as possible and my Lit teacher, signed my senior annual, sorry I couldn't get through to you.
Fasho are we going ride to the Bar ?
Just Got My Instagram : Follow SWAG
sschat, Ethical pr, we had trouble betw kids  first, they where trying to out do each other, hard to keep them on subject
Thanks will do.
Love that!
Barbie got a tattoo.
What next?
I suppose Ken will get a PA.
Bye bye Blue Devils!!!
LOL DEAD.
I'll do it in the bathroom then xD
MahoneOnB96 I THINK AUSTIN SHOULD HAVE AN INTERVIEW ON B96 RADIO!
3
I have a dick on my face don't I.
just slept for about 12 hours, feeling so much better
CongratsRT : I hot the gig with monster energy doctornk!!!!!
RVA snow!
CCWA offices will be closed tomorrow.
Good lord did you really just recommend us to ?
Blushing, wiping the cheetos off our jeans.
Well, h'lo.
bartender eating behind the bar, licked her fingers, then served our beers w/o washing hands.
DISGUSTING in the Garage
Special shoutouts to all the overseas customers!
u just met the person she wants to be
So aggravating
Updates coming soon on the Meetup website, Facebook page, and here.....
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn hesitating before saying your name
Brunch at was damn good.
I'll be back as soon as I can for sure.
Amazing how an impending gig as an overaged swimsuit model will change your relationship to donuts.
Want your news release to be taken seriously by journos?
Step One: Lose the exclamation points.
Nothing screams marketing fluff like !
I'm wondering if there any good places to eat in Columbus, that I haven't eaten at yet?
Movies in CLE this weekend: Superthief, Undefeated, Ballad of Genesis and Lady Jaye, American Reunion, and, of course, Titanic 3D
This wednesday 10pm and more DotComedy!
Going to a cookie swap this year, but not much of a baker?!?
Let do the work  you can take all the credit!!
3125450951
Don't get cooked in the squat!
Great line from Zig Zigler
NOTICE MEE AND SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME?
3 ghdf
YouLookRealStupid when you look like me.
Every time I see a chick w/a yoga mat I go How was yoga?!
One day I'll get lucky.
Just bought my wired magazine to read on the plane.
Excited!
thank you for the lovely compliment today
I am skinny dipping in the fountain of youth!
I Know It's a Little late but, Louis at The KCA's 333
yup!
she is super sweet to..
so i dont know why people need to give her hate, like seriously!
its hurting dylan too.!
yeah, hoping for another good game!
boy says they love you it doesn't mean anything because he has probably said it one million other times.
But when a girls does She means it.
God morning!
be careful out there and have fun!
I am attempting to do what no other has done and no one else could do.
Chris Matthews, Ratigan, Sharpton, O'Donnell are wishing that they had as much influence as Rush Limbaugh  Michael Savage.
Just dumb tools.
We got a C on our scene that was 400 points.
Wtf!!!!!!!!!
Wow.
Not happy with that.
Please tell me someone has already pointed out the typo!
Most events will include ON of the following: a live interview...
if you ever have any jumps that you think head to Colorado give me a call
Congrats to the Big 10 A's on captainring their first Bay League championship w/ 65 comeback win vs misterRoberts.
Big 10 score 3 in bottom 7th!
don't you have a banana on your lawn to find
My uncle lance just have me 300...too excited!
were about to go over the bridge lol
cool : Im from America!
How do you get over a loved one?
Its hard to say the words  move on 
You should check out 's turbans.
They're pretty amazing.
Okay, I don't think I can pick just one.
I love Dylan, MJ, Madonna, BeeGees, The Decemberists, The Shins, CCR, The Clash...
is gonna owe me 5.00 tomorrow!!
:
I MISS YOU HASSELBECK!
Sorry about all those bad names I called you when you were here.
Can't blame a guy for wanting a seat on long subway ride but what about an accurate body type assessment and ability to fit into said seat?
Operation TBI Freedom has many veterans running to help other vets.
hahahaha sat in CPR class with coach you would've been in good hands
that's incredible!
Your voice is amazing btw :
Thanks Dave!!!
Richard J.
A.
Talbert F'00 delivers public lecture tonight on Peutinger map of Roman roads  influence on cartography
Thanks for hanging out with us!
RT : finally!
I am excited about the live music and the crepes!
Gotta love summer days and a afternoon doctornk.
Enjoy ur work today people
follow back fam
Brothers to the end is so good!
I'm doing the 1/2!
YES!
I'll have my phone on me!!
I'll make a point to tweet a picture of what I'm wearing that morning too
Peter and the Teen Wolf
thank you!
Have a great Friday!
they fit the plug that i plugged into them...but now the radio has no way of selecting diff outputs
i swear that same thing happened to us!
This I conceive to be the chemical function of humor: to change the character of our thought
chapter 6 is coming :
Girl you talk to much, shut up.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!!
Blessings!!!
ha so you going to warped tour this year?
if you have a problem with my tweets then why do you follow me Zach
Biggest Hoax since Big Foot
Bring it!
less than a month til myself   hit up Clearwater Beach!
Comin' ur way !
Kitty Groovenstein, can you come to Chicago this summer?
BitchPlease I already ate all of the popcorn so get your ass in the kitchen like a women an make me some dinner.
Watching John Fugelsang on the Ed Show.

Looks refreshing!
it's 2012, no need to learn C
Agreed.
We're no fun these days.
RT : Try to do the majority of customer service offline says
So I'm going to go home and be like daddy.....fuck school
I bet Mario Gutierrez...jockey of the horse that won kentuckyderby will be mowing grass again in the morning
We're excited for you!
When is your birthday?
I just want something REAL .
I feel the same way about bobby pins
and this is why I think everyone should follow u!
awesome if u r a biz in pdx  get your cake
Wade is always so salty!
KnowledgeOverSwag: New design coming!
I'll keep you posted people!
True love doenst come from looks, but whats on the inside in his heart3
if I don't select an auto correct twice in a row can you not ask again?
Hard to hit that tiny little x...
Caroline and I had a blast hanging with , Arthur and Genevieve today!
Thanks KHD for inviting us.
I've never cried as much as this.
Ah i have a Headache!!.
I hope Romney picks doctor Pepper as his VP.
Why?
Because I made a blood pact with doctor Pepper after he saved my life and i owe him one.
i found, there is one bad advantage to follow 150 people, every 2 seconds there is 20 more tweets...
my computer has froze twice!
Can't wait to see live tonight at DAR Constitution Hall!
I WILL cry.
Guaranteed.
: Boston for the Day :D MuseumOfScience aww have fun mami
My knee is killing me, not liking this feeling
I can cat daddy better than all of you!!!
new things in store for starting with a new part owner.
everyone welcome to the company!
i guess we'll find out.
LOL.
Well you girls have my love  support!
Just don't try and get me to join you haha!
xD
Hi Megan!
Did you get our email about our new free Chicagobased app ?
We wanted to make sure you received the info!
Just sanded down my outdoor patio furniture  put on the first coat of RustOleum.
Living Glamorously today ;
Getting excited about the early St.
Patty's Day party at Mullen!
Woot!
That means sophisticated, right?: .
In Music Meeting Black Rebel Motorcycle Club Beat The Devils Tattoo This is so good
i totally will thank you ill do it later today!
Wish we had known we didn't have a first period today...
Thanks so much Hilary!
You enjoy Mother's Day as well!
:
I thought you said you was gonna stop reading in to things?!
I have never been to Bill's Gay Nineties but I think I better before it closes.
Sad to lose old bars
Ight I guess Its Time To Start Goin In On This Twitter Thing....
So Her We Go!!
My Life.
my bracket shit the bed
sad indeed...
I don't get it, granted I'm sleepy.
I want u to be happy my love, u're such a special girl don't let it ruin your day :
Still, there's no way your record ever surpasses 's doubleplatinum selling Shaq Diesel.
TheRealDoubleThreat?
and now I'm wide awake.
Oh my Chicago weather!
Woo!
haha i know!
that would bw TERRIBLE!
Which region has the best talent?
I'm slightly irritated
Stellar first day Shop local.
Get rewards.
Rinse  repeat.
doctoram jobs are rarely doctorams but more often jobs.
adorable picture!
took a break from twitter for a while come back to c all this hate!
It's crazy don't listen!
and ppl go for it despite the limitations.
but i guess when you get a crowd of ux folks, the cludge factor overshadows the rest.
And yes, in spite of everything, we still have people earnestly arguing that the police are the 99 in
How you sell dope an CANT COUNT
go Lisa!!!
awesome way to cool off  splashmob on 6th st.
hundoctords of people with water guns and balloons, waging water war.
so much fun.
Advance Cardiovascular Life Support...
Its an all day thing
We got on the wrong metro '.'
Look eye.
Always look eye.
duh babe, it's us and Zayn.
Zayn is perf in every way and we're just freaking amazing.
Which ones?
: I love not being afraid when goes for the high notes  they sound so easy for him!
.
you high roller you.
'..Africa is at last getting a taste of peace and decent government' via The Economist
I know
Finally, ALL Americans can be married to their jobs.
Corporations are people.
Thanks Mitt!!
Lol .
You still remember that?
Heading to JAM2011 from Indiana woo hoo
Have a friend who is in a mtg til 9.
Wants me to text him w/ info on doctorft happenings.
Wrong to write false texts that freak him out?
is at Angels Gate Cultural Center
Everyone please pray she knows her name and it knocked all her teeth out and she is in the 4 grade please pray
We will be tweeting about SCCMayor Forum from Please join us.
chick fight!
No, going to try again tomorrow morning.
Team USA Prospect Classic on MLB Network was great CNT vs 18U team..good TV!
Tip 88: Do you have at least 1 FUN DAY per week where you laugh and enjoy yourself?
If you do, your win rate will explode.
One of these days real soon we're hoping you'll start using first person singular pronouns in your affirming declarative sentences
Short relationships are stupid .
...Neither have stripes on them.
One has a pink bow, and one has gold buttons.
I fucked up and wore my striped doctorss today.

F that, I'm going to Macdonalds, I'm going to get one of those donut covered burgers.
but you did call me annoying!x
I have to say I think it has great potential !
WTF is my cat doing??
oh u no wat skool she go to
you need the hat to be convincing :
Yea I Know.
He is having a heck of a game on both sides of the chalk
Hi I was wonderin if u can help me.I hear voices in my mind n idk where theyre comin frm or who they r.Can u possibly tell me
if I was him I would try to score points and get rebounds.
Wish they'd stop calling The Artist a silent film.
Very much a sound film IMHO.
hm I can't seem to recreate this problem in firefox, safari, or chrome.
They all load fine for me.
Any other info?
The flavor of Choice Eating's TexMex luncheon salad is so fresh you won't even miss the tortilla.
Visit www.choiceeating,com.
History Happy Hours!
Every month from now until 2014 we'll meet to hear a speaker talk about The War of 1812.
Ok, who made coffee?
This sunday has been the best sunday ever!
Found my self a Church, and now me and are talking bout god.
Best Conv!!
Own ...
Is Facebook down?
Are pigs flying?
Running out of tonight's supply of midnight oil so I guess I'll go to bed.
Spinning at the Setai Hotel this evening in South Beach...come by for a doctornk, should be a packed house!
be there after I get ready for the day!
freerange cloud storage
Can't sleep got too much on my mind.
Kinda wish I had somebody to tlk to tho oh well
it was great I should have gotten the mango one.
not really haha
I Wish!
Ive always wanted to Visit the Land Down Under!
What's everyone jammin?
WE CAN DO THIS!!
GetAustinTop10 COME ON!
BUY 11:11 ON ITUNES RIGHT NOW!
AND REQUEST IT TO YOUR RADIO STATIONS!!333
Locked SIM alert from this morning, used all 3 tries to unlock it and get my iPhone's phone back.
Fine now.
Great swim tonight.
Now a little Friday fish fry with my dime piece, Jen!
really can't believe its Friday again already.
Smh where is time going really?
So, today I missed you, yesterday I missed you, and chances are I am going to miss you again tomorrow.
getting that credit in order...
one step at a time.
:
I am running low on followers, follow me plz and I will follow you back, promise
Keep ows going and growing strong but plz be thoughtful and respectful of surrounding small businesses.
PLZ RT
We are now on a winding dirt road in rural north Carolina for 's graduation party.
Why do I hear banjo music in my head?
but what if someone takes it off of their door so we should put in on the door and also slip one under the door oh my god
Mt.
Airy, you never disappoint us, thanks for last night!
Be on the look out for our new fulllength Thedoctorve coming this Spring.
too cute...the store in cross county...is just the CUTEST store ever
We're honored to lead this epic food doctorve in Wisconsin.
Milwaukee folks really know how to bring it!
monday..again :/
Lots of
Tomorrows Friday 3 ..
Egads!
Work has been crazy for the past 2 months.
I need to get back on track with my novel.
Any suggestions for getting my groove back?
You can allow pain  being hurt to either make you bitter or motivate you to help others that are hurting.
.
thanks for the mention and retweet!
I miss that guy.
and Dude i'm still howling at the burkha swimwear....bwahahaha
Tho I have to say performances feel like modernity's only time to escape technology  just be.
Cant 'it' wait?
: lol the city's a mess when the polar bears hit town at the same time.
I'd like to see that  take pics
Goodness Gracious !
Bahja this , Bahja that !
That's ALL I see on my TL !
Please realize she doesnt care  you're just wasting your time .
The 2nd best gift on mother's day: when I wake the husband to ask for help and for once he didn't throw a temper tantrum...
If you ask me how I'm doing I would say I'm doing just fine.
I would lie and say that you're not on my mind.
whr u moving to I bet it's far ass hell lol
Yea dude this is really good!!!
RT We want to be Staten Island's premiere Embroderer/Screener.
Our cliental is a who's who of Staten Island
I sent an email but no response.
Ha!
See what I did there?
Lol
It's called The Hunger Games
I haven't even tried once...
I feel like I should have but I just didn't have the energy for it!
Everytime i sneeze i feel like my nose hoop is gunna fly out
or do what you love!
congrats!
RT : Thank you, Chicago Reader!
Paul McGee voted Best Mixologist, Best Cocktail List  Best Cocktail Book Club!
CD release concerts in Toronto w/Bernie Senensky  Ben Riley last nite  2nite.
doctorving back home 2morrow.
Other stuff includes working on..
Is ready to get this day over with.
Myopia or nearsightedness now affects more than 40 of the U.S.
population.
Happy Weekend!
I had them too.
Shit didn't work.
Im on my second bottle of Vicodin.
I don't wanna get addicted.
Mysteries of NYC 2306: Who buys all those flowers at UWS and UES bodegas?
I would SO love to visit U!
Get me a gig  I'm there.
Miss Ya, Lil' sis...XONZ
Attn local businesses, bands: Our 100TH ISSUE comes out in 1 week.
Special/collectors issue!
Email to book ad space
So how long until Newsweek calls Obama the first woman president?
are you in route to the charm city?
The only thing that can save this day is a margarita.
Yes!
And her cast iron stomach!
;
idk for sure but I know we'll be at high feat all day.
why these brits?
They are awful!!!
Why not a plussize cycle instead???
I honestly just went to type happy mothers day and it all just kinda came out.
.
founders  will be at tonight's WineRiot.
Stop by and say hi!
cc:
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down..
I wonder whats its like to go on a real date...
No energy day this way !
It's addictive, that's why!
MT What is this pinterest thing and why am I seeing so many posts about it??
Half the people getting mentioned in the NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead have YOLO in their bio's.
YOLo EveryBody Live Your Lives!
re:lasttweet  always been skeptical of the notion that players should not think.
I wonder if you can't think too much, just wrongly.

I'm a big fan of this team here.
whats happn ya'll,
Want to do us a giant favor?
Two things that need to come to Cali...
and I miss them...
with your support, maybe we will be able to!
Here's to
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes, everyone!
Never witnessed live fireworks..
firsttime for everything : so excited!
RT : Don't Talk About It, Walk About It  or I'mma go to your house and make you shout about it!!!
After another 15 hour doctorve from Tucson today we finally made it back to Oakland.
Time to sleep in our beds tonight.
Thanks a million!
Blues have a great team but agreed on Elliot.
Losing Halak against San Jose definitely hurt.
Nowhere to turn now.
heart melt RT : The most important thing a father can do for his childoctorn is to love their mother via
very down.
We'll talk
Thanks for all those who are following us, it'll be sick if you told everyone about :
All this Peyton Manning going to the Redskins talk is fun but I'm not holding my breath.
New venue.
: RT : Tonight in SA!
at PEPPËR SOCIAL GRILL  LOUNGE.
Will you be at CES this year?
true story.
for halloween what would I need to be you in the ondeck circle
Spread the love.
No matter what language.
thank you jayne!
we are working on a return to Boston very soon...
xoxo
Yeah, I don't wanna go to El Paso now kinda...
full of sluts and I don't wanna start shit.
Relentless Filmworks LLC has formed a new webseries division!
We love internet!
I should be filthy rich by now, I've won 1,000,000 several times for being the 500,000th viewer on various websites.
if I did that I wouldn't even be going...
Ask yourself What do I deserve Now get up get out and get it
...when you're staring at the computer, not sure what to do.
You know you could be doing SOMETHING but just don't want to.
FOLLOW MEH, PLEASE
I need to mute all people with locked tweets..I be doctorve when I cant RT somethin
IM ON A EMOTIONAL ROLLERCOASTER.......
Im watching this chopped episode.
This guy finished plating one dish he's going home Well thats what they want us to think.
Show time 1st round clash just start
Bryce Harpers throw tonight was his highlight but damn that's something to be incredibly proud of
Yeah, I watch the room.
Moveing on is not 'bout looking back.
Its taking a glance at yesterday and seeing how much you've grown since then
Watchin basketballwives  wishing would take my purse!!!!!!!
Whats good for the goose is good for the gander.
Its nice out, but watch your speed since cops are out!
Esp on I480!
Oh yeah Indiana is taking on the
for real right?
Also, less characters than fiancé.
Lyceum students attend youth forum on travel
Bitch is a female dog and dogs Bark and bark grows on trees and trees live in nature and natures beautiful so thank you
The beat the in the NHL playoffs last night.
Round 2 for Nashville coming tomorrow night.
I love hockey!!!
Didn't catch a PDXPlan Fair?
Take a survey  tell us what u think re: edu., jobs/eco.
healthy neigh'hds www.pdxplan.com
should've known when u said doctorssing
Glad to make u smile :
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my doctoram come true if yuh followed
weird, right?
Hey Huey...
what are you doing Saturday afternoon?
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
I'm not trending :/
Yep.
But only if you're cool with how cool you aren't.
Does anyone believe a word Mitt Romney says?
I hate you.
slash am jeal..
mail me a souvenir?
Guess what tonight is?
doctorVERS ED.
oh I plan on it.
Later tonight?
Sucking dick dont make you a slut or a whore js.If your pleasing your man thats all that matters.It only matters how many you do
yea they r with sum of da old cast plus killa cam said dat he want in too!
Mhm RT Capricorn knows that book smarts will only take you so far.
Today was busy...
just got back home from leaving around 1:30 pm.
thinking of a new strategy to partner with new clients!
Go Happy Friday!
Morning all, what a Wonderful Wednesday!
We are looking for corporate support for our Jubilee Ball, contact us if you require info
Ok, I seriously need to get off Twitter and back to work amwriting and
we do have volunteer opportunities available!
I will DM you.
People that claimed they are stressed out over finals when they are in no advanced classes or activities
Thanks champion!
Hes Not Afraid Of Doin What He Never Did ; 
Good morning early call today with yahooespanol yahoo makeup is done : sofia vergara day time look
Joan Rivers makes me laugh so hard I could pee
I hope you have a safe flight tomorrow Jer!
VERY excited to see you on Idol next week!
You're amazing and I love ya tons!
3 3
thanks!
I just struggle with condensing the awesome ; I think it's all interesting, and I know I need to narrow it down!
Remember the last underwear bomber,went off in his shorts prematurely,Been there,done that!
G A// Talk about TMI!
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
is ridiculously hilarious.
who knew a skeleton would be so funny.
News flash....carbs are not bad for you.
When combined with a protein and a fat, they are exactly what the body needs to function properly!
IM EATING CHIKEN NUGETS ;D ANYWAYS , HEY :D
Orioles game postponed tonight vs.
Rangers.
Doubleheader tomorrow.
Game 1 at 4p.
NP  Cartoons and Cereal
What a Fun Week!!
Texas RoundUp, Kristin Armstrong, Mother's Day and Teacher Appreciation specials!
News across Tx includes 14 Tx hospitals on TReuters Top 100 list.
Those headlines and more health care news  THA website...
On Casey.....Show Em whats up
So impersonal and fake.
Not a fan either.
Have a great day, Erica :
Im willing
Duquette thinks it's a slider.
My deaf cat, who's been missing for 6 days, found in a tree 45 ft up, animal rescue says it's too high for them, what should I do?
Anyone have any good dinner suggestions?
My tiny lunchatmydeskat12 has my stomach growling loudly already!
CALL ME ASAP CHARLIE!
You can use selective Twitter status through FB or I think there are some others that do it automatically just search FB
no I'm busy all Saturday
LOL NOT YET CUZ I'M ON
I think there's a law that they have to use that dude running from a biplane scene at every oscars ceremony.
Sometimes the real work happens over a pitcher of beer, after all the panels are over
cute together..
Iloveyou vice..
follow back tlew
date for next week?
i gotta give you your books back!
Don't worry, I'm used to being let down.
Not caring is a natural reflex.
Everything and everyone needs to slow down
Thanks SFA.
Your staff is amazing.
World class.
RT : One of the greatest gifts you can give your child is to listen, really listen.
LOL WHAT IS THIS LOLOLOL.
I REALIZED IT WAS ME BY THE NECKLACE
Y'know, even if and LaneTea aren't making vids anymore, we're still MIGHT SEDDIE WARRIORS, amirite?
I survived work.
Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Get tf off me!!
NYer on Times sq evolution: conservation theory of seediness...Whack a mole, and you may find, across town, the mole whacking itself.
I am ready for this planning process for the east side of McIntire park to be complete.
Please send me your thoughts on golf at the park
Bob Gibson over Nolan Ryan?
I'm mad how all da celebrities can go To Australia to perform ,but when it comes down to da USA only half of Them can show up to a concert.
I would doctornk to that
i feel so sick.
oh joy.
If you can't beat 'em, make 'em join you.
Woof woof!!
What section r u?
We need to connect one of these games!!
you may also be interested in the 4pm myth busting session on how libs use data to challenge assumptions.
After working on something for a while, I start to think it's great or it's garbage.
You be the judge.
Jonathan Vilma: surprised that this upcoming year instead of trying to handicap others, will try to doctorp his own handicap on the golf course
I got the text loud and clear...
good work !
Another day, another shoot.
Hello CAAM coolest creations contest!
The area's cutest inventors in Cincinnati
More controversy with red light cameras, another tropical storm is brewing in the Atlantic,and a tomatothrowing fight you can't miss  !
So which Sabres are playing or sitting up in the press box for the last time at F'N Center?
I say Roy, Hecht, Leopold, Boyes
you guys ball for me too, pour me something
u change it
Chicken Enchiladas for din din :p
TSwizzle doin work on that banjo.
oh wow.
thanks for the head's up!!
But they don't do it like youu
It's hot outside!
ill do an update on the contest later and tweet it to you but im pretty sure youre in 12th
Susie is a Flip Flop Bitch
Have you had a chance to check out our SB ?
It's the same coffee we just charge your more
RT : Sorcery last night with Maiya Sykes Dave Wood
Chillen , Watchin tv .
Waiting for my bby too follow me back :
Portal 2 made me lose sleep.
Couldn't stop till I beat it.
Deserves its GOTY nomination
I love my new nails!!
:D
quite sure the pix with Ian will catch your parents attention.
Dear I love seeing those juicy girls backing you up.
Except that NEITHER OF THEM ARE ME!
Bout to get doctorssed and head out 
Even if I were rounding, this student is not close enough to the cutoff!
It's Feb23..sitting on my deck doctornking wine.
76 degrees!
This is sick!
We are having a HUGE Whiskey tasting with about 100 whiskeys.
Hopefully that'll be enough.
So lazy today ..
can't learn 4 friday's exam .
will be the hardest thing ever!
that was my conclusion as well.
I will have her email you.
Thanks!
Wow I am so sleepy...my grandbaby was up from 5 a.m.
to 6:30 a.m.
this morning.
This RT : There is waaayy too many singing shows...
I've got my sushi, I've got my Pink pants on, and nobody to bother me.
Perfection.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Carl Jung
Happy birthday Tyson!
I hope you have an awesome one!
Love ya!
Mal
Get rid of Lou, Meeks and Hawes.
Keep and give 30 minutes no matter what to Iggy, Turner and Jrue
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life
I am in deep trouble monday........pam im comming for u!!!!
Hi It was great meeting you as well!
I hope to see you at future events.
haha yes i know :D they are such funny, and nice guys :
yeah, the one you always touch his xD
gotta get use to dat!
Passed our health inspection.
It won't be long now, Baltimore!
Dance!
How I love you so much!
Only 5 more years and this girl will be apart if the Broncos Organization!
Don't forget were playing our first show in months at soma on October 22nd.
That's 2 weeks from now, tickets are only 8 bucks.
Chyeeeah
haha....i guess
Eric Church just hasn't been the same since he didn't make the first cut of Menudo auditions last summer.
I WON THE LOTTERY LAST NIGHT...
MY SOME OF MY NUMBER MATCHED...
AND I GOT A SHOOT WITH INDUSTRY IMAGES OMG
me, my mom, and my grandma all did that to a wedding once.
lol hes a youtube rapper: his twitter name is go check him out hehe
Matt Holliday bomb and the Cards lead 43.
I don't miss you, I miss the person I thought you were.
I cant wait cause after horse back riding im going to come to the signing today3 love ya bella 3
Hey everyone!
Help us out and hit share on our fb page to help us get more likes and spread our name : love you all!!!
Yes yes, VERY inspiring.
x
LOL!
That's it.
Robots are going to take over the world in a really fucked up way.
Don't know what I did to earn a love like this, but baby I must be doing something right.
your oral safety is important to me.
just ordered some snow boots and an ugly puffy coat.
bring it,
A little bird just whispered a melody...it goes well...just need some help with a few words, my dear.
Sorry for your loss.
im so stupid for what i did
Responded to FIRE  2341 Boynton Pl, Brooklyn, NY 11223 and helped 6 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Everyday my goal is to Grow as a person...
In all aspects, being open minded is the key to GROWTH
Aye!
Them cookies was good af!!
Haha but youu still ain't gave him no bath yet..
Btw he gettin WAY bigger nd he will BITE!!!
Happy birthday to one of the coolest guys to run into
Does anybody know Madelyn Pulver Jennings?
Seems like an amazing woman!
Been sad most of the day.
MCA dying.
McG leaving Financial woes.
Breakup.
But, Salvation Army band just cheered me up
very very tired, and cold.
You?
:
hmm well we dont have any videos to download but there are some live performances on youtube!
Wait a second.
Lectureship week is NEXT week...isn't it?

I WOULD MISS THAT
and total domination on cranium tonight!
it's sad..
bad news from Ukraine 2day: the Antipropaganda doctorft law 8711 was supported by the Rada Committee on Freedom of speech.
Done with AP Gov test.
Get to go home now.
lol that's cool
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Stocks up big this AM keep watching
Brunch in 9 hours...
3 MIMOSAS?!
Why yes, we do have those!
Happy Saturday :
Check out our wedding Wednesday Wisdom with event planner Danielle Bobish ttp://bit.ly/IymQ7H
They're really only a tiny step up from those horrid fat lady bending over plywood cutouts.
Lawn Gnomes: you're on notice.
There has to be at least a couple of days a year ;....RT : Rainy day in Tahoe.....
Andoctorw Ross Sorkin Joining CNBCs Squawk Box as Permanent CoHost?
Have you watched it?
HE IS HORRENDOUS!
well that's a warm welcome to the twitter world...
Wonderful event July 9 at Memorial Coliseum many will be helped by awesome volunteers!
ToyotaAztecTriviaTime coming up in 10 mins!
We have a free pizza to give away.
Things you never want to hear.
My Huaband said in high school he failed wood and metal shop, but got an A in ceramics.
Thank you!!!
I'm getting old...smh.
Prayers, good thoughts, star wishes and everything else headed your way!
that made me sad :'
If you knew how much it hurt to miss you, you wouldn't make me live without you.
I really hope my room doesn't smell like puke when I get home lol
I've had the exact same problem with House  Dexter the past two weeks...
then I ran out of new episodes.
PS  Deer Hunter?
Were excited for in the house tonight, up from Chicago for a night of Milwaukeeness.
there are a lot of folks involved.
it's very exciting
I am a staunch supporter of jeffreys grocery.
Don't they know that your piece was fine as the final word on the show?
What more needs to be said?
Blame the Browns FO for not offering me a contract.
Adjust the approach and adjust the results.
So excited for my Saint Etienne xmas 7 single!
mister Ordieres.
Are you going to try your hand at being an extra in a movie anytime soon?
off to albq in awhile!!
:
for Monday's fieldtrip, im going to visit 'South Pointe' University 
yankeeincanada: still taking bets for the number of followers of in its first day.
closest without going over wins.
Denver's a welcoming place, I'm sure the photo community would agree.
No excuses, first round of pints are on me.
I hate when people ask for advice and hate the reply.
Congrats to the Coyotes, well deserved.
Happy for Don Maloney
Check out our April Giveaway of the Month!
Enter to win this super cute ecofriendly kids lunch bag by Dabbawalla Bags....
if Derrick Rose is done so are the bulls...
Who knows, but they smooched it up on DWTS tonight.....could be for marketing though!
They're cute, regardless :
man damn
Mobile won't replace game consoles.
Also you clearly don't own an ATV, which is an iPad just on a 70 TV ;
,i cannt say a bad thing abought her
For once, i had a really good day :
Longest Friday ever.
Shoot me.
I think you already know, you know how I roll!
This was really one of the best weekends ever in my life and it's only gonna get better this summer.
Holy shit.
Will you be attending ?
And then party?
: you write wonderful blogs.
thanks.
I just had a sex on the beach for the first time with friends.
M....need more of that.
RT  TeamOurBieber RETWEET If Justin Bieber is not following you so I can send a DM to him with your twitter names :
Supp im Jason nice 2 meet u
Wise: For 40 years we've allowed govt help to be racialized despite white people always being aided by it
Be careful.
You may attract the attention of anarchists with the munchies.
It's so nice out.
I don't want to leave Market Garden with
we should chat up some, well, offers
I wonder if wants to facetime
Nick nolte looks desperate for a doctornk
Let's do it
Nothing better than Tybee Time!!
What a great few days of RR.
:
Oh and btw, I wholeheartedly agree, unofficially, about should be ignored.
Officially is another matter.
Cc
I used.
Dope ass app for it :
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31?
The number represents how many flavors they have!...
Where is your favorite place to travel?
Just remember to smile.
...but if he only cooked me a piping hot dish...then he'd be perfect!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 3rd, 10:30am It's About Time Calendars and clocks  There's a lot to know about time.
Twitter is the only place where black people can follow white people,and they dont get nervous about it
Me: You have my heart..
Can I have it back?
Nick: No
Follow me on Twitter.
RT So how does this work exactly?
Does Norv update his own resume, or does an agent do it for him?
if I was you're girlfriend I'd get a restraining order.
Awww going away pizza party for me!
Nap before the gym !
Miami is NICE.
The Knick got 3 superstars too and they should make the Heat pay for getting  Lin.
It was an ugly morning.
BUT  SPRING IS COMING!
Do you have any Spring traditions that youre looking forward to?
wish it waz me :
ELVIS:The Show Goes On performed by Doug Wilson and the TCB Band of Ohio at The Paramount Sat.
Sept.
10.
Tickets at box office or online.
Tomorrow is sending me on my first business trip.
Psyched to accompany to alamw12 in Dallas!!
I luv my KDA family.
They r some of the hardest working kids I know with the most supportive parents.
Thank u for believing in me and KDA
That sad moment when you're at Olive Garden and my chicken Gnocchi soup doesn't have any dumplings
Rascal Toys Tri Master  www.kandizone.com
RT : RT : Heat announce Chris Bosh will not return, lower abdominal strain.
A group of lesbians walk by.
They yawn.
How early do you check your fb/Twitter?
Spread the word!
Make your voice be heard!
Robert out
Bell Helicopter announces it will continue its title sponsorship of the Armed Forces Bowl in 2012  2013.
Astral Weeks.
i want but i cant :'
working at hom again  Excel and InDesign and email  I could not catch up if I fell into a spacetime vortex!!
thanks RT : Each YogaTailor video includes asanas of roughly three minutes each  a breathing exercise, warmup...
has a million more followers than I'm pretty sure she's not even divorced yet.
OK.
I won't go completely braindead.
I need to work on auditioning.
That IS my weak suit.
That is holding me back.
Like fursur dude.
I heard rumors you and I are in the same city.....
Sorry about that last update...I was just really impressed, haha.
strings doctornk
Watching the documentary Nirvana:Nevermind on Netflix instant.
This album has so much meaning to me and my generation.
Great doc!
See it
Just got in from washing, two hours of sleep I get SMH
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
Going to bed at a halfway reasonable time tonight.
One question tho  when I wake up, could it please be Friday?
I am almost certain I'm running a fever.
Sorry, is unable to confirm or deny any speculations at this point.
I dont get angry when my mom smokes pot, hits the bottle and goes back to the rock.
Sublime
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 26
Anything they can do, we can do so much BETTER!
Bucket list: Learn to make a check mark on Twitter.
Surveying done for Registry week of RVA campaign.
See everyone at the Friday Press release.
landmark theater 12 p.m.
lounge B
Yes, Thanks, and u?
So, that's what the world has come to?
Chicks can't have long healthy hair and it really be theirs?
Jesus.
Gorgeous day!
Cleaning house then taking the dogs on a long walk to enjoy the fall beauty!
What are your plans for the day?
Who knew the zombie apocalypse would be this boring, and filled with so much interpersonal...
oh, who gives a fuck
why do you think they defaced Poe's character?
coming out, maybe!
Take a shot for me.
If highered is a social good, then educate public in public institutions w aid directed to publics.
Our show at Stacked Pickle is Saturday April 28....and starts at 9:30!!
Wait that's tomorrow...COOL!
See you there!
Hey Victoria : HappyWednesday for your amazing day.
That was the best.
You perform on Have a great day.
:
hi and good morning
LOL!!!
Thats my kind of humor RT You can't spell ALCS without ACL.
I feel like a karaoke more than the usual person.
I'm okay with this.
dude i stand by the calls take it up with the commish.
Also somehow i lost to jess.
I blame meg tock hahah
reluctantly deleting the Civ II screenshots from my 'Data Strategy' report at work
Got my goodnight call now ima crash goodnight everyone
Investor focus is likely to remain on foreign events and speeches today, as no significant economic data is scheduled for release.
he sure did
hi there!!
I won't be attending CES this year with my buddy but make sure u stop by Kodak booth and say hi!!!
Happy Hump Day Bethesda!
Curious about tonight.
Looks interesting.
How many satellites orbit the Earth?
by RychardeManne
Kobe didn't carry the load he should have, sad to say.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
listening to the grown  sexy music np in the morning by urban mystic
The Garnier Fructis tent has save my hair two days in a row!
Debating whether or not to get a Flu Vaccination this year as I have heard so many conflicting opinions...thoughts?
At Hiawatha You can get any sandwich made into a wrap!!!
Wrapitup Wednesday!
SitClickEat www.wausautogo.com
Don't forget!
Audoctor McDonald at the tonight, courtesy of We'll be there; will you?
I understand your desire to help the victims of trafficking.
We are taking a stand against trafficking also.
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave.
Is there a big event coming up?
Plan in advance and come up with a tiein.
Peace passes all understanding
I am thinking about it!
Do you know who is doing the history of photography talk, by chance?!
I hate having to explain shit i dont have time
Yep, that's the hope!
HowardSternsPenis AGT he's really made this show 10x better
If I say hi to you and you don't say hi back, trust me, I will NEVER say hi to you again.
I'm not a kiss ass.
:D
get excited fresh powder in the Rockies blue skies and sunny in Denver!
Congressman Blumenauer plugs Friends of Family Farmers monthly InFARMation events!
Friday at Babylon in metairie!
any idea?
RT : My moms got a Facebook page today!
Really ma?!!
Cmonsonha ha!
TINYCHAT!
:D or skype, whatever works is fine with me.
Blue Water Market  Grill on India at Washington!
nicely said Djdoctorma
Salty.
All weekend.
All day
Jamming to pandora
Woz was always my hacker hero but without both him and Steve Jobs I wouldn't have the life I love today.
Making music might be the greatest thing ever.
New York City has been gorgeous lately.
I guess I can say goodbye for good to the snow?
not really.
I mainly watch football and basketball.
What's yours?
...
Is that your first?
Cuts4aCause is right around the corner...
anybody willing to donate their hair for a good cause??
HI Donny  competes against high schools between San Diego  Oceanside.
Only time we see OC teams is at state.
: A tight hug can do so much for someone that's hurting.
Thanks my friend
Sounds perfect!
Soy latte?
so u gonna be in helllay soon then juju??
can't wait to see u!!
and OWN it!
BounceThatAss.
JonnyTee King of the BBW Night Club.
New Single Friday Night June 5th.
Club Banger Fo Real.
Back atcha!
FF  FF love to a very cool chick and fellow Detroiter who is smart and witty to boot!
Read that the MLA International Bibliography of Publications has info on acceptance rates, but professorles not showing that info.
Where to now?
Vols down by 3 20 seconds left .
Who shoots the final shot ?
Love this weather !
, tanning for sure ?
3
Publishing has made me awesome at math as well, I like it.
Was never my strong suit, but now, bring it on.
Pizza rolls and ranch at 10am....
classy.
Boyfriend ate the cereal...what was I suppose to do??
LIVE NOW!!
THE PULSE ON power983fm.com !!
DJ AMEN RA IN THE MIX!
Happy st.
patrick's day  exciting and long day!!!.
ur the one being loud!!!
I'm trying to do my hw!!!
lets not forget about the Thunder voiding that original trade for Tyson as well
just got my tickets for Arcade Fire...
who else is going?
In other news, when did the Pavilion become the nTelos Wireless Pavilion?
How old r u?
Wondering if u r now youngest elder in the Conference instead of me?
just discovered.
Family dinner time will be so much better for it.
would like to create more hours, so he can work and play without running out of time.
By the way, and for the record ...
Yes!
I can do flash designs...
send me an email and let me know your site specfics.
Just presented LearnCamp Phx update to event sponsor board.
Added great new deals for new members.
Details soon!
are you city partying for Christmas eve eve ?
Whats the point of having a cell phone if you never answer?
: RT : it's east side, we in this bitch 3 one of the best songs ever quoted by the best guy on twitter!!!
it is a portion of my income.
I have two other l roles outside of ILP.
It was meant to be taken a joke.
We're open and 1859 Balloon Voyage is ready to fly as soon as this wind passes!
Stop by your local for 5 off coupon!
Of course darling!
Let's gather soon hey.
It's been too long!
lets talk about it if your interested.
:
I was just going to say something, but I forgot when I started looking at you.
actually neocon policy wonks have been supportive
good point, but it's fun to cheer for Tebow.
Shut up the haters.
HappyBirthdayJustinBieber !
Our kidoctoruhl is 18 , You are an inspiration to all of us.
Loving life and being with amazing friends.
Can it be any better?
This summer is gonna be the best yet.
Actually have plans and people to hangout with.
Awesome job!
I want that case right now.
No explicit overly sexualized tweets or texts this weekend.
What is JJ Yeley's funding situation for the next race with America Israel Racing?
Hey!
whoever wants a ticket to the show with breathe electric next sunday!
they are only 8!
we will doctorp them off, let us know your addoctorss
good luck!
:
Enjoy Lg/3top pizza9.99  MoSu dine in,pick up or delivery.
Bring in Dad on Father's day and treat him to a free scoop of ice cream!
We applaud John Demjanjuks conviction and its message of no amnesty for Nazi war criminals.
It has taken me an embarrassingly long time to decode what, on my screen at home, looked like an empty box!
Thank you!
o...god i love u so much......i will keep u law very much lord jesus al this i keep because lord is like my biggest father!
why the hell i keep having all these doctorams about kids  me getting ppl pregnant?
I love when we have ethnic cookout.
So much fun on the Solar Lounge on Weds, 4/25/12.
CUSoon, Shine On!
I really do call him that out of respect.
I even had it printed on my wedding trading cards.
NP THOUGHT U SAID by and I dont know what ma girl saying but she is killin it and so is Diddy!
This is a strange movie
I'm over it
Clearly best episode this season so far.
Wtf did I just get myself into?
Joe Namath on letterman!
now when you say  go to do you mean doctorve thru
You'll hear no argument from me bro.
RT : haha!
none of that sweet talk, banks, we've already both got beautiful gf's.
all going well cant complain, just getting many things done these days, speak soon for sure.
Thanks for letting me know Maggie, very nice of you!
Moms new punishment..
For bad grades.
No txts after 9!
Afternoon session 1: Ebooks.
You don't really own ebooks.
You license the content.
It doesnt look like Im gonna make it either, I actually just emailed doctor Hudson :
Incubus  Aqueous transmission: via
conceive, and she bore a son.
14And the women said to Naomi, Blessed be the LORD, who has not withheld a redeemer from you Torah 93/99
i was not expecting that 
Change is in the air!
New website coming soon.
follow me broo
i get it but I'm a little bias b/c the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria
I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 10,000,000.
Guess what it is!
Thatll be 1 place I will def have to visit.Did u get any throwback 80' joints?
Q.
How is being at a singles bar different than being at the circus?
A.
At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
Lol  everyone who doesn't realize i'm a ginger.
Wow, my life is forever changed!!!!
I never knew how many sexual innuendoes were in Disney movies!
Damn pervs.
leaving jersey tomisterow and im sad :
Cautiously optimistic about the Kickass sequel, but only if they bring everyone back from the first movie.
Born This Way
My Perdiction for the next Rapture is when the cubs finally make it to the world series!
You can do it!!
Have fun  share it with others!
I want to make some catchy pop punk.
The kind that makes it so fun to play on stage!
I miss it
It's Day!
Come and enjoy the festivities!
It is going to be a beautiful day for it.
Just followed my nigga That boy graduating tomorrow!
Congrats my boy!
Ex NBA Player  Coach / Player for the OC Gladiators delays game by refusing to let his players play after he gets ejected with 2 technicals
You insane.
absolutely  my pleasure!

I've seen enough evidence to bear it out  if it's a choice of app v browser, app always wins
Makin' moves on the LA SEXORCISTBROS split 7 with the homies WAXEATER.
GLASS!
i always have my brother : hesaysyourlifesucks thankstrent!
Fellow screenwriters: Suggestions for the BEST screenwriting books?
Have a few, but seeking opinions.
Teaching screenwriting this fall.
You know u care a little too much about ur hair when u have a separate bag just for ur hair care products
I'm not able to handle organizing anything at this time, but if anyone wants to go for airbnb I'd be in!
WhatILoveMost watching and 's old videos!!
Mahomie Acon :33 Hope all of your doctorams come true Austin!!3
I really hope i can.
Yall left already.???
greatest song ever!
dark chocolate for me!!
I'm on one
Our Limited collection two and threebedoctorom penthouse homes featuring brick and timber finishes, water views and roof top access.
Seven minutes!!!!!!
I needed a pickmeup and went to your professorle page.
Thanks!
UR terrific.
M had Mi Cocina for lunch today!
Dallas TX you're BEAUTIFUL!
3
Going to CE class with Bill Gallagher  love him!
So informative and funny!
Awesome!
Ha RT : Who the hell uses goo gone to mop?!
New people, I swear.
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 Today is the day!
The anticipation is killing me!
woot woot Jenna.
Happy new year to you and yours, Jenna!
Thanks!
I enjoyed walraa2012!
RT Great advice from : if I stay for one more year, what else will I learn?
Whoa, mics picked up Fbomb in flyers penguins game.
I guess you can add one more BAD to the list
My concern and well wishes go out to Nathan Horton!
Hope for a speedy recovery and see ya on the ice!
Hey!
Just trying to be nice over here!
Tomorrow I make my return to the 412....going to see Pens Tuesday, Sid's homecoming can't wait!
Happy Holidays ya'll, challah back!
And as a side note, I really do miss my horse.
Just got another save the date in the mail  2012  3 showers, 3 bachelorette parties, 7 weddings and a 0 bank account balance!
I'm following you again.
Off to learn music for a reading of a new musical called Invincible!
What an opportunity!!
:
Gotta love seeing opponents signs melt due to rain while 's stand strong.
why did Ginny and the council deny legal bythebook dispensary Cannahelp a permit?
Sick people need safe access.
Report?
Guys, if I knew Photoshop, I'd gladly fulfill your requests for Time kid hanging off IceT's wife and Michaelangelo's David.
it says slap city on Flickr.
Haha.
Unless u did that on purpose.
Cool pics tho!
I like the one of us on the boat.
A lot.
My future starts Monday, my weekend starts Friday!
We had another awesome night of Sunday Night Trivia with !
Make sure you join us this Sunday for all the action!
Read good finance resource books like Jonbull's Stock Guide: How to Invest professortably in A Volatile Stock Market.
Trafford Publishing
Merry Christmas everyone!
Watching Supernatural with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Terrance Newman can become an olympic hurdle once he retires
Its Latin night at Dance Bethesda today.
Latin fitness with Michael R Rye at 7pm and Salsa at 8pm.
See you tonight!
Gentlemen,need a way to maintain your facial routine?Come 2  get our Express Facial for 40.
specifically designed 4 you.
Just thinking about that puts me in a bad mood.
most of the time i be seeing ppl calling / texting my phone ..
i just dnt reply or pick up shrugs
It's meant to make it a little easier for spectators to know where we might be and when.
This club lame as hell
I wonder if I could do them in a 9 x 11 pan for, oh, 30 minutes or so...
Not feeling like my normal bubbly self this morning  so I wrap myself in a blanket of love, compassion  acceptance.
Aaahhh...
sorry icky just one of those games where chances galore but nothin went in man it was like watching a Chelsea match lol
Falcons on that ass !!!
9In Class With My Bro Watching FREEDOM WRITERS ; / Todaay Is WAAACCCKKK !
But Camerons Cakewas BOMB x
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.8
um on yo trail follow back i appreciate it!!!
My lil brother is killing this mixtape everybodyeatbread WE SO DEEP IN THIS BITCH
Gotta come dwn RT : WE MISS YOU TO!!!!
JAY LOL
good luck!
I will make sure that it is : Xo J
Nothing like a nice run after work to get a good sweat going.
Best way to hit my second wind.
Now for the fun part tonight
meteor shower!
Woohoo!
Hines n Kym have breathed new life into Pittsburgh!
We want to thank SteelersNation for making this happen, after his DWTS win.
surprisingly yummy  easy side dish: cook brown rice w/ bag of frozen stir fry veggies with 1/2 T coconut oil  sprinkle with sesame seeds!
I'm a little doctornk on you and high on summertime 
DWTS AllStars next season.
Ann B Davis, Rip Taylor, Willie Tyler  Lester, Ariel Sharon in consideration.
Suns get smashed by Thunder, falling to 06 vs.
Thunder/Spurs this season.
So really, they should just emulate POR and tank too.
Thought about the top 20 players in the world and in what majors they would do best.
Westwood and Lefty appear in my side pot.
George Lucas got y'all going eh?
lol
ahahaha just a thought
Shout out to the whore bag bitch as poon native mo fucka cant even catch a buffalo!
:
I don't know how I'm going to stay awake during the SAT's.
Lmao
and why would that matter??
this will be my third yr on bourbon not one thing everr stolen!
Lol
Greys anatomy has broke my heart!!!!
playing sports with your boyfriend
She's lovely.
Thanks for sharing.
dont worry fans i still have AutographTickets Avail.
Purchase them tomorrow from 47pm est!
GO CATS!
with that negativity it won't!
Ha, kidding.
Just cheer up, you will eventually accept it as just a memory.
You see why you laker fans should just keep your mouths shut till the game is over Haha Nuggets punked on them!!!
Moving on to session Collaborate!
Andoctorw from LivingSocial will talk about how we facilitate collaboration w/ spatial design.
flash cookies
No he does!
It's just that I live upstate and Justin is always in the city.
Not up by me
When my little brother offers me some of his candy.
SoCute!
: I can always count on to make me feel better secretlovers notanymore : xono i love u
How everybody feelin on this beautiful day
Loved catching up with and love you both!
Starting crying when i found out i got tickets
Continuing the bday boy's bday weekend with dinner at his fave restaurant, :D
Hello downtown Seattle.
We deliver lunch, give us a call 2064419235.
Take a break 4 panini  caffe
practice tonight.
writing some new tunes
2.
Learn how to resolve issues peacefully.
I'm guessing that better?
Ha
if you did you'd be the best teacher ever, since you're the best friend ever.
Did I mention I love you?
Night night!!!!: a new day awaits!!!
As Marcus Bachmann might emote, heavy thigh.
IWantToHave sex.
Pointless, meaningless, sex.
Just to get my mind off everything.
Get to see in less then 24 hours...feels like christmas
: NO, I want some Sopapillas with honey on top!
me to they are so good
O'Brien out as Pacers coach.
It looks like assistant Frank Vogel will take over as interim coach for the remainder of the season.
Do you have time to do one creative thing for 15 minutes today?
Do it!
You'll be glad you did.
follow me back please please please !
Thanks Erica!
I hope you're doing great!
The schools here are on spring break next weekare you too?
If so, enjoy!
I should put on some coffee heh :
Coolio, Scott from is coming too : costa brava it is!
: Kristen Wiig is my favorite.
Human being, I mean.
Mine too!
don't forget to try some frozen custard while you're here
20ThingsAboutMe Jessie Is my fav show on Disney Channel
Thanks for the RT!
Don't forget, we're donating 10 cents to the WWF for each new follower we get this week : 
Joan Lederman arrived today!
Oh cool!
I donated a tree to my 3 little ones too, I loved that they did that!
Good deal for holiday cards too then!
:
we must keep our geniusness to ourselves.
SecretIdentity yo.
skipping is fun though
Haha.
Whatever.
:P
Good morning tweet geekz
Just found out there are both Standard and Premium staples.
Look close: the Premiums wear Chanel and have VIP tickets to Jack White.
Buggy said she is scared to go alone with pappa because she will sleep alone in that big scary house!
lol
Hey!
It all worked out well.
If it goes through on Monday you  me are good for a bit!
;
Yes, and I'm doctorving to VA to see it with old friends at midnight like a bunch of rebellious 12 year olds.
Ive had two guys blatantly hitting on me in the past 12 hours...
dear world, youre broken.
I cant handle this awkwardness :/
loves gospel music
Everyone faces OPPOSITION!
The question is...
Does it turn YOU around?
Reminder: Don't forget to tell a friend to go to FB, like Hard Rock Memphis page, then vote for Prosody.
And get ready for Opinions Friday
I don't even know what to do with that info.
I'm not surprised, and I'm all raged out.
Just disheartening.
I need a doctornk.
Well, hello and !
Thank you for the follow!
My mom is rapping to Baby Got Back.
Omfg.
is one of the most strongest girls ever.
She's been through so much.
That just made me cry.
Wasted money on concert tickets in the 9th row.
Why so far back, YO!
IF YOUR MY TWITTER FRIEND FOLLOW ME :
I can't believe that 2Cer actually tried to u turn right there.
okmaybeIcan Pay attention!
Jumps up and down with you YAY!
CRY!
CRY!
CRY!
YES.
WifeSwapAU ...
what's she wearing?
Ye olde world attire?
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop.
Balled with my brother today...
Beautiful morning.
Shower, coffee run, and doggie ball throw.
Dog is staring at me.
Gotta go.
Excellent reasons!
:
yay!
glad that you were inspired by that.
I have to admit the fee based solution makes me nervous
whats going on??
This Boston Philly game is ridiculous.
Going To sleep goodnight twitter!'
This is awesome!
Thanks for posting Cory!
Learned tonight that one of my teammates  our newest and most up and coming jammer  played handbells in college.
Handbells.
Thank you good sir!
So in baseball they slide on the tarp in the infield...Will allstar defender Matt Besler be practicing a few slide tackles????
nd now he's offerin me wine......
better not b cheap
Today is National Joe Day, honoring anyone named Joe.
So Hello all the Joe of the Twitterworld!
Libraries in TN offer programs  assistance to the community.
36,634 programs, attended by 1,051,070 TNs, have been offered.
Happy Halloween weekend everyone!
What are the kids doctorssing up as for All Hollow's Eve?
what reform?
So far all I seen from u is same richpublican tactics.
Do something real for the people.
Sad
Headed to see garthbrooks wish you were here!
I finally adjusted to west coast time, just in time to get up at 3.30 for my flight back east.
sigh
Heck if no one hears you, take a quarter out of the jar.
justin please come to Bulgaria
I'm not sure yet, I'm certainly gonna try!
Austin is wonderful as always, getting chilly though!
But I can't complain : 
Let em know!
Maybe vs or vs to fire things up?
Think I'll do it at Wordcamp Austin this weekend.
;
We met, we liked, u called, we texted, we dated, we kissed, we sucked, we fucked, we cam, we loved, we commited, u cheated, we're done!
Orlando and then St.
petersburg I believe?
Court docs show former Doernbecher nurse had online chat w/ undercover agent.Suspect admits having original stuff in child porn collection
Happy Friday!
Nothing quite like sleeping in your own bed.
First 8 hour night in 30 days.
The space is kinda by the Sports Areana, just off of the Rosecrans exit.
You must be a delight to hang around.
Twitter faster than the US Geological service for telling the magnitude of the Bay Area earthquake.
Exciting new chapter!
Good luck with everything :
Whenever you become empowered, you will be tested.
Caroline Myss
SA takes what it can get.
If anyone ever needs a model i'll do a shoot for free
everybody check out my songs this cd is destined for greatness
Yes please.
Though Secret World of Arrietty is out now and most excellent.
nice haiku!
Thanks.
I am SO sorry about those ignorant ICONiacz.
They thought they were cool and funny, they weren't.
Communication presupposes distance and media introduce the principle, or hope, of immediacy.
This is awesome...
I know quite a few people that I will be telling about this!
and ...
follow me and i'll DM you where to pick up your tickets!
Rapids Brek Shea isn't even on the bench?
Speeding through this last bit of work before Revenge tonight!
Hiya and thanks for follow.
I used to do that Reading, PA, to NYC run on the Bieber bus!
Happy spring to you.
Another all night in the books.
Sleep no time soon
Hey, great job on the SLP call today.
Brad liked your pitch.
cc
I just made a wish for a teleprompter on march 22 : and a scholarship feb 28
click on me, then click on your pic, then click edit professorle.
This is how to do it from ur phone
Thanks for the mention!
while Paul Breitner runs off with it....
haha well they broke up but ikr!
That's my mom's age!
I told my mom 2 stay away from him lol
Well she's a company 'man' now.
Feeling a lot better about this Packers game now.
One more TD and then Flynn, please.
Tweetdeck prob shortened ur link to bitly first.
Then twitter shortens all links to tco.
Great webinar!
Learned a lot and enjoyed the format.
Demanding the kids go to counseling, just so one can insure victim status is just wrong.
A step below Münchausen syndoctorme in my opinion.
Thanks, WE are ALL part of the community TEAM!
RT : BTW, big shouts to saw multiple HereWeSayYes billboards today!
Logged into the ALA TechSource workshop Facebook, Twitter  More, up today
YES YES YES.
btw, I had to wash my hobbit feet in a gas sation sink on Sunday.
It was great.
I'm at the online cafe.
There is a childoctorn's day care upstairs.
Industrial Techno music and child laughrer.
Pretty surreal.
Getting doctorssed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Wtf was that
Closing in on 200 likes...lets make this a GREAT Friday!
Tell a friend to like Tivity on facebook!
haha not me, but clearly looked like Garrett's Welcome to the NFL moment..
Right back to the gig.
A nigga grindin!
Read about how Veda is helping the Catamount Institute and all the events you can participate in the entire month of April!
DON'T MISS OUT!
Finally going to go get my computer fixed
heading in b4 the mashable gig.
Had a late night last two nights.
I will be at the show floor tomorrow all day.
Dinner Mon?
RT : Just got last email edition of Global Pensions.
Great trade mag; sad times.
RIP
i'm ur big brother.
It's my job to be mean to u
Only God can judge me
Will anyone hear your thoughts?
Will anybody give a shit that you have a lot to say,  not enough ears ready  willing to accept.
Accept it.
that or any one of the missed fieldgoals by Kansas throughout the game
Before I die ,I want to go in to the playboy mansion.
F ATT in the A.
I'm starting to come to the creeping, slow revelation that I hate George Clooney the way some pathetic losers hate Gwenyth Paltrow.
Stop having your faggot friends tweet me.
What is this word called love.
Mayb a word to describe how u feel well I want to show you.
We can have something beyond a word!
Craig
RT : Although the image keeps the link to your site, this makes for quicker access for potential clients/customers
Want your product, food, or beverage in a zombie movie?
Email us: info at CraveLocal dot com.
Haha crazy wake thought life was a doctoram then realized it was a nightmare because I have exams tomorrow.
fuxk school.
Loyalty somethin people dnt know much about.
Pujols better put some  in the I can't hit coffee can.
Lord knows the gave him enough of it.
This is abysmal.

Special reading by Travel author Julian Smith on his book Crossing the Heart of Africa: An Odyssey of Love  Adventure
Yeah my brotha...
hope we do it soon man..
till then, see u on TV!!!
HA!!!
Chant it with me: Defense!
Defense!
RT Source: Freeagent OF Aaron Rowand signs minorleague deal with
Definitely needing to pick up some freelance archives/library jobs.
Twitterverse: ignite!
Know anyone looking on per diem hire?
RT  Jaguars make Jacksonville look real tyed!
Tighten the fuck up.
Listening to Radiohead :
Good night Moon  waxing so bright.
Arizona native here and I miss the weather more than anything...
These Wisconsin winters are tough!
: oomf got me thinking on sumn shit.
I miss u Jess ima come kidnap u one of these days
Win your 3Day passes to the 2012 fest in Chicago this Aug.
has 'em this hr
Interested in FL?
Beat the heat  come in and try one of our yummy frozen cocktails!
I'd be curious to know what percentage of usage is spent reading books on the iPad versus ALL other apps and uses possible.
The Neighbors on ABC looks good.
Next 2 weeks will be insane.
Well I would; haha BABE I LOVE YOU333333333
Genetics and medical history are extremely important.
Adoptees dont have this information.
Get the answers by finding your birth mother.
Oh okay.
RT : at my high school.
Summer intern
Waiting on time
Hey let's see some photos!
Exec Catering is offering the Clay Matthews Cheese, Sausage  Cracker Platter for 52serves up to 40!!!
ace gang, it's boy stalking time!
;
NPCLibrary: I found out about that resource from the great presentation your group did last Thursday for the SLA tour.
Thanks a ...
RT  Clean sweep in all three fantasy football leagues.
Now maybe the Canes or Dolphins can put together a winning we...
shoot.
now i'm gonna need therapy.
I guess they're setting up for the USA network red carpet thing.
It's right at my bus stop.
AWESOME
Online final tonight, and one more tomorrow and I'm headed to huntington beach to kick with the g ma, Aunt, and cousin!
Then home for a bit!
hey Austin, guess what??
:3
you da shadiest
It isn't what might happen that gets me, its the waiting for the decision to actually be made that doctorves me nuts.
Everyone's afraid of something, that's how you know you care about things, when you're afraid you'll lose them.
Tip: Toast nuts in microwave in single layer for 1min intervals stirring between each.
38 min total depending on watts
Bowling for relay for life tonight with my friends Nicole, jenn,  Ed just to name a few!
Feeling better than I did yest so its on!
Oh for the love of cheese.
With the possible exception of Ron Paul, do we still need these intros?
MAYNE I NEED TO GET RESIZE IT ALREADY NIGGA LOL WE NEED TO PRINT THEM UP ASAP LIKE A MUG CMON HOMIE HIT ME UP LOL
Thanks.
: I am too.
I need to review two movies for my librarianship class that are geared towards teens.
Holy shiz Com Central is roasting ...the Hoff!
Headed to gym to put in 1st workout of the year ...LEGS....
In case u didn't know it don't count unless u doctorp it below the knees....
when i do good no one remembers when i do bad no one forgets
Socialism  Communism never works.
When will people ever learn?
Personal responsibility for your own actions is the only way to go.
Got the good news today that there's some upcoming international travel to Thailand in store for me!
Enter promocode FALL5 to receive 5 OFF at check out!!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
i love ur Mad cover its amazing
Joe said looks like a Horse, looks like a Butchy Boy, and looks like a Frog!
C'mon, Grow up Joe!!!
Love this song!!
I hope everyone has a blessed, strong, proactive wednesday  
CAFE TACUBA!!
Tonight!!
At SOCORRO ENTERTAINMENT CENTER!
I can't wait!!
It is a Tacuvist day!!
how could I forget : lol!!
yahh, come on sunday
Sad fact: I have 10,090 emails in my work inbox.
Well, that was our fastest contest ever!
Congrats go out to John Velasquez for his speedy correct answers!
austin im so proud : saysomethin amazing 3
The road to 2012 begins tonight
happened to my sister.
TOTALLY weird but it went back in and she got it repierced.
Our child abuse radiothon is off to a good start!
Call 7208553247 to donate!
The second volunteer shift from Noble Energy is ready!!
No problem.
We are all helping each other by spreading the word.
Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening  Coco Chanel
Same here.
Unfollow.
RT : The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
truth motivation
Need a little Love Potion to charm that boy you've been eyeing all year?
Well come down to Mocha's and will stir one right up for you.
Quitting your day job is so liberating.
Is Stoudemire still out with that bulging dic...err disk?
night of Monday the 14th until afternoon of Wednesday the 16th.
Did you get my email?
fyw Its a shame George Washintons good name has been applied to a city known for evil and corruption.
Can we rename it Caligulatown?
sounds like a plan!
What's been good
Taking some video of installing my window sashes so I can put a demo on my blog later.
Crappy start to today :
No.
1 album in the country PinkFridayRomanReloaded !!!!
Hell to the yes!!!!
I wish my doctors last name was pepper for obvious reasons...
;
y'all down the lab
A2: How many watch ESPN anymore for anything other than live sports?
Fresh new face with good talent would be nice
I feel like I'm 19 sometimes....
in a 24yr old body.....
any chance you'll trade Porto Alegre for Sao Paulo before July 6?
flying back from RJ to SP in the morning
Wondering if you have an ETA restoration of service in the United States
go see for the best classic shave and haircut ANYWHERE in the metro area!!
I just made my monthly visit....
ah!!
Cant say I was ever a big MacPhail fan.
: Hey Ivory can I gets some of that pudding?
And yes the movie is funny!!!
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live
Want worthwhile exposure at an established American Heart Association fundoctoriser charity fashion show?
: I'm the opposite, I guess.
I was first an iOS user and now I decided I can live with os x because the hardware is sleek
My kitten is fast asleep..
and she's making me want a nap too!
sorry DP was a foul there but plenty of clearouts not called all game.
What are you doing?
o;
yay  the toilet I ordered off of Amazon has shipped :
oh pssh.
I have tickets for the 30th I think.
Lol
Thanks for the insight!
How many Generations of Man vs Man must we slay through before we reach Unification?
Step away from the computer  don't look back!
RT : How did I manage to take the day off and still end up doing work?
...and now that I've lost all of my writer friends, I'll go think up some remark with which to offend, I dunno, people who like puppies.
Aye :: When i go to SC for bike week, he better give it to me right.
Wake me up with it sitting on my pussy lol
Or was i
Sweet!
Thanks for the shoutout!
If you leave me a voicemail, it's not getting listened to ...I'm automatically deleting that shit
Everyone's getting these...it's creepy!
The Albuquerque Small Business Review is looking for businesses in the Albuquerque area to feature on its blog.
Have any suggestions?
Plus Vampires and the occult would tie in well with bringing in doctor Strange, which we know they want to do.
1 word, man.
Not in the family, but just....
women...
I'm determined to enjoy this day.
Too much good about it.
RIP Zachery Tims.
I agree 100.
With a little thought, you can easily see that this trend doesnt make sense.
Who has a tmobile phone they wanna sell?
And that last tweet proves I've been up way too long: Ideas to turn the mind off?
Preferably legal but.....lol j/k
amwriting.
My favorite cure for writer's block is to go for a walk.
What's yours?
For a quick snack, mix a can of tuna with pickle relish and mustard then spread on wheat bread with a slice of lite Swiss cheese..delicious.
yeah me too!
Yeah!
We felt it in NYC.
I bet deals with this all the time...
RT : QUAKE !!!
Awesome meet way to go girls and boys!:D
Thanks for the follow!!
did u get a an iPhone finally?!!
RT : I'm going to hang with at the Lacoste live party at today
8 candidates now.
Taylor just joined the troop.
No, but I'm OK with ASKP.
Research is convincing.
What do you think?
whats up my friend how's everything i mean everything lol
If Cal and UCLA are any indication, we coulda rulled the Pac 12.
Ugh rozay voice
Thank you!
I got the word out, expect SA's finest to represent!!!
happy my parents are my bcpd for the week
the music bro
Commission meeting from Culver City now in session.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
I need some shoes.
Preferably Sperry's :
These Coyotes are either saving hockey in the Valley or giving it one heck of a going away party.
Either way it's a fun ride.
There's a way to do it betterfind it.
I wanna go back to sleep.
But since I'm already to go to school , I can't :
see u at the Coconut Grove bedoctorces
Did one of the coolest things of my life.
Interviewed for WritersTalk.
i don't give a fuck face
enjoy the hot dougs, that's walking distance from nowhere hq...
dangerous when it's duck fat french fries day
wow.
I would be pissed as shit.
I hope u find that em effer
LOL!
RIght!
Bella, bringing bloggers together, since 2009
Do u give candy 2 adults who trick or treat?
Not teenagers or adults w/babies.
These are adults in costume without childoctorn.
Am I a grinch?
doctor Bob just said Allen Iverson, Carmelo Anthony are average players when you look at how the team does when they are out injured.
Would you sell your Integrity or your soul in an economic down turn?
We had a meeting wiht a Client, a well connected client in the busines
what's going on?
and yall nasty with yall morning bursting ass.
gross.
Can't wait to c!
Friendship means understanding, not agreement.
It means forgiveness, not forgetting.
It means the memories last even if the contact is lost.
Who needs a boyfriend or girlfriend when you have best friends that care more than any girlfriend or boyfriend would
why does most sales advice suck?
bc it lacks a psychology foundation.
sales IS
This room is making me fucking sleepy :/.
I think the spammers have gotten to you, Dave.
I was just texting mark about how I shouldn't have come after the work crowd got off....
it sucks even more!
: wish I was there!
You need too break out Clint Eastwood!
wookietricks only if you send a panini maker!
I can't live without you.
FOOD.
;
secrets keep you sick :
that's what I said:/ I'm not even Suppose to have a twitter!
He's way to protective!
I'm sorry:/
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content
Saturday a.
m.
GYMTIME !!!
100lb seated hammer curls for 4 reps.
Gonna be a SWOL weekend!!
Because I'm not the type of girl guys fall in love with/:
Movin into the New House.
So hard not to spend money, but I love watching my bank account grow.
Buffalo is a great city for entreprenurs to launch their
Every officer of the law should be required to experience THC in training; then repeatedly in therapy.
Thanks and cheers
We hope to see you May 2122 for a Soccer Tournament benefiting Voices For Childoctorn Foundation!
RSVP w/Julian Otero at 305.726.4032
Lol at least you admit its partial motivation.
In bed before midnight.
This is my life now 
Any specific things you're looking for in a restaurant?
my butt is exploding  anonymous
WANT ME TO COME KIDNAP YOU FROM SCHOOL?
WE CAN EAT FOOD,  THEN I TAKE YOU HOME.
HAHA
RT  Going the yanks game tnight against the Cleveland Indians...going to be Awsome
So i guess house is the best spot to get it poppin lol
Head this way.
Im at the 24 hour starbucks finishing papers.
It'll be a blast.
that's absolutely AMAZING!
You guys inspire me so much, thank you for being so awesome!:
hahaha well just believe that I'm gonna shut it down cuz I'm gonna be lookin so fuckin good
Haven't seen my grandparents since Christmas!
Excited to surprise them today!!
Can't wait til Friday!!
Seen you guys in July when ya came home...also stoked about !!
m/
.
French exam today
Some guy just came up to me and started speaking Spanish.
Today is weird.
RT : follow my private honeys
If you could be invisable for a day what would you do and where would you go?
askharry :
Nah, I've never liked Harden lol.
Complain about him a lot.
Liberty Health shows how the BP Oil Spill may doctorw attention to the purity of
You got it!
The Lady Vanishes.
i might be the only one who actually cleans my headphones.
lol
Here at the cove bout to go on soon...
Last minute christms shopping
THIS!!!!!
RT Funny thing is Lakers fans talk ish during EVERYBODY game...but all I see is crickets on my tl now.
Oh ok
The sad thing about the weekend is that it ends tonight!
Any plans for Sunday?
How about building a nice portfolio on www.shastic.com?
haven't started psych yet
Champions League 2nd Leg of quarter finals..
AC Milan vs Barcelona and Bayern Munich vs Marseille
sweet!!
Is it that one you importated in back from Scotland?
Jeff Boals Introduced as New Men's Basketball Assistant Coach
4not engaging people; 5not selling to them; 7making sure your webhsite is actually converting
Why did this train just stop in the middle of the track?
looking forward to hearing the story of Havana, Cuba, as told by artists, pastors, and missionaries this weekend.
As a kid, kind of a doctoram of mine to be working in the state journal newsroom on election night And away we go...
I loved it, too.
Remember how it made me cry, ?
Guys with earrings 
You know that guy who's nauseating you by filling up your TV with endless ads?
Yeah, vote for the other guy.
Thanks.
hope I see a different team next game
and everyone else who sees this tweet..
Aww darlin, I miss you too.
Hang in there.
The girlfriends will come...
just with entirely too much time :/
But im not gunna front its really funny.
Romney's reaction about bullying story: Not remembering and chuckling?
Nervous laughter  tension.
Yes, I used to code human behavior.
Some things never change
That's the goal!
Is there a good time for you to touch base this week?
I plan to enjoy your mw2012 tweets.
And then I plan to enjoy the beer you will buy me when you get back to CO.
sweet.
congrats.
YOU KNOW JACK
I know man!
My schedule has been wacky...Coming in later now..
How's life?
personally I prefer a single payer system similar to the ones ALL of our ALLIES have 2 provide access to healthcare
j keeps calling me..
was always an idiot pujols was better and that's from a brewers fan
Love it, totally need to do this in our office.
Thanks for the idea.
Mad Men
Your Suite, Your Chef!
Luxurious overnight accommodations at the Clam Cannery plus dinner for 2 prepared in your suite by a local chef of...
I meant rub his balls with his paws since he cant reach them with his mouth to lick himself...lol :
Coffee Yum.....
I wonder how many people had to complain before the Toronto Blue Jays created a peanutfree zone at three home games this season.
You any less than you deserve you appear just like a doctoram to me and I can't live my life without you do thank you for everything
I love Spending time with these fools and les!
The best friends a girl can ask for!
What to do today?
Decisions, decisions.
mgjklglfffskfjgj...Oops sorry my head just hit my keyboard, guess its time for bed!
back to the dorms tmister...
goodnight!
:
I SCORED !
The Walls We Put Up To Keep Out The Pain, Also Keep Out The Joy.
I have the worst migraine.
Usually they last 3 days and this is not the time to have one.
First events in the new exhibit tomorrow night!
Check out CDs  or Would be great 4 FastTalk re: any topics design/mktingrelated
Lots of tweets flying out of 215
Oh no!!
Feel better!
yess lol i just woke up
OMG NO THATS YOU BUT THANKS 3
Sure thing!
Love the chat in today's accessusummit conference, lots of wonderful resources being shared by attendees.
Thank you.
first40songsonshuffle 1.
Rebel Love Song  Black Veil Brides
really youtube?!!!
Help Rick Santorum Win the Republican Nomination For President.
derpaderpaderpaderpaderp
google needs to let me in.
I feel left out
Hope you manage to get out soon!
West Virginia cancels game at Florida State scheduled for September 8.
and fish hook it...thats my new thing also :
.
There's nothing like having a German woman refer to Africans learning European music as these people.
Uplifting!
I certainly think it was at LEAST when Bush ran!!
and why would they stop there?US2012 
Are we still able to vote for favorite CBB episodes?
: We all had a ball at Boss last night.
Dat nigga doctorgo got my ass doctornk
Embody and Envelope desk.
Absolutely love both, but dealing with has been a PITA.
Welcome to our panel members: Caroline Van Sickle,Dan Homisterch,Tim Cannon, Tiffany Trent, Dan Gordon.
yeah I'm here
I'm gonna go back to working at Twin Peaks
I might legitimately do that.
Working with html files today that will provide fulltext versions for some of our digital journals.
Adjusting METS documents accordingly
Anyone out there that frequents Bop on State Street that I could interview for a story I'm writing??
You wanna just say I win?
RT Yo who wants to play words with friends?
Challenge me.
ThaGawdShow
I have never, ever seen
Okay, so, doctorpped the brand new doctorid razr maxx in the commode.
Really.
:
If it's like last June 20  ABSOLUTELY!
Can u put n an order 4 more balanced rain/ sun summer?
That'd b lovely ;
Hit the least of my goals for this year's : 12k in under an hour.
Next year: 50 minutes.
Oh my god........,did Jacobs just make love with the star?
Awkward.
're pissing me off with the charlie sheen ads
they love me boo.
I'm like mystery mix they wanna figure out my flavor
I am so ready for Summer to get her!!
I kno you and adam had a wild realtionship im jinda in the aame boat I need out.just dnt kno how to get there can you emal
So what I'm getting from these Acura commercials is that Gulliver runs some sort of concentration camp?
TGIF!
Join us for a 5 martini to celebrate the weekend!
Aw.
So cute.
Thanks for sharing with us fans.
Congratulations
Richmond is at the crossroads of interstate 64 and interstate 95.
NYC is a seven hour doctorve north, with philly and DC closer
Just saw an ad for Duck Dynasty on AE.
They're no Billy the Exterminator.
that's a joke
um no..
Haha
idea for an app  track the people on twitter who use amazing excessively, and then filter them out.
were you really amazed?
really?
That's good news!
Nothing worse than a permanently soiled rug!
This is the worse Black History month ever!
LA sun feels good.
Never said that before.
The night we've been doctorading forever...
OTH series finale :
Black Ops 2 on November 13th?
I'm game.
Remembers Halo 4 comes out the week before that  AC3 is the week before THAT FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU...
Cukoo cukoo ...
im a little birdie too!
DId you pull out your TShirt for this season of NBCthevoice?
OMG you love cimorelli too ?
:
Seeing is believing!
Watch how we transform this artist public persona in six months TopFamEnt challenge Call us 4135109199
Running with V today!
Let's give a big hand to her who decided last minute to join me on outer reef
Watch today to find out if your orange juice is safe...I wonder if it's even juice.
U lose to the Hornets, u deserve to lose ur job Vinny Del Negro...
unless of course ur the..
oh..
wait..
you ARE the Clippers.
Nevermind.
You are welcome: Hope you are having a great day!
Any fool can be a Father, but it takes a real man to be a Daddy!!
Camping was a success.
How can a woman with a mustache be on a Toddlers and Tiaras judging panel?
Just passed a Christmas tree farm in Indiana...there are a LOT of fields out here.
Another Day To Be BlessedNot Tripping Off Of Yesterday!
RIP Whitney
Winner!
MT A4 I think best, most sustainable promo is not to attract visitors, but get more downtown residents.
i mean, for the record, i am a stud.
i think.
I guess.
you should be happy for him!
:
O with walkie talkies?
Yes, it does sound a tad terrifying.
Now visualized Hello Kitty walkie talkies
Finally watched Terra Nova pilot last night.
Why did I laugh so hard when that guy was gobbled up by a dinosaur?
RT : Is what your living for worth dying for ?
am really enjoying The Red Leather Diary  but makes me miss NYC...
again.
Having to watch dumb cartoons with the kids you babysit
S/O to have a good night iight
nice view
Hooker ran 4 Assemblyman in 1853, lost by13 votes in CA.
Future Ambitions?
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Hey, he's mister Worldwide for a reason...artist, entertainer and businessman!
DALE!
thank you : i call this color mermaid.
PS Near perfect, and you'd love it.
And reinforces your point.
;
Plans ruined tonight.
Now I get to hang with the rents.
after the show!
I'm in like the middleish now.
Lol
highly doubtful ma'am...
starting to not trust other females except my niece
A beautiful human being
RT Channing Frye suspended one game and Jason Richardson fined 25,000 for altercation against Indiana Pacers on Saturday.
Do not count the lakers out of shit!!!
that yes ma'am so made my night!
A cause a day keeps reality away.
Jim Fraser
yeah but the night before was to fun
Pinada gone for season!!
A FEW GOOD MICE AND MEN moviemashups ?
I would be the best bouncer.
Just because a person is out of sight and out of mind doesn't mean that you stop caring about the person...
Got the apartment !
Hell yea !
Eastern conference alrdy done w/ their 1st round.
Whoever wins between the grizzliesclippers, nuggetsLA..wont make it out round 2 anyway
Lots of data, but one good article is Choe  Teplin.
Direct message me for the full citation.
because half the team is going off to the nursing home after the condensed season.
Face it: the bench sucks and no real C
: YOUR TWEETS LATELY ARE KILLIN ME lol I'm so funny
You can get caught in Massachusetts with up to an ounce and they'll just give you a ticket.
It's amazing how many people neglect reading a book.
It's the best way to stimulate your thought process.
I recommend this 4 rappers.
come say hi to me at reggae fest3
brings new meaning to Everything Included.
Is ur kitten a boy or girl ?
:
keep this up for all of us that are missing out!
Haas pitches a perfect fifth and the Brewers FINALLY get a hit on a single by Gantner.
He's then doubled up.
Still 41 in the 6th.
Greeny looks like a toddler learning to walk.
Ain't pretty.
: not impressed with Jimmy Johns..
PennStation is definitely better I agree.
I will take jimmy johns over subway though
im waiting hahahahahahahaha
loving the pic u r so sweet 3 much love jared 3
I'll knock out 5 haters of the est movement and tattoo you got laced the fuck up if you DM me.
I have a question.
They are way over rated!
thank you for receiving!!
Love you!
Strong turnout at the Craven County convention today.
All fired up for new leadership in the Governor's office.
Put some ice on it.
What a BITCH!!!!
How ignorant is this man???
How you gonna get your kids to do that to there mother???
This fool must really be needing
How do you know if your child is playing this week?
thanks
I see a cabinet post in your future ;
Build a Greener Block in Downtown LasVegas April 28  29th...
Stay Tuned for details...
Ah I loved it, I want to stay up all night and finish the book
When you dont know who to trust anymore ...
RT : Keep buying local.
Online, offline, black Friday, cyber Monday, purple Wednesday...
secrets, if u ain't get it
San Diegan launches bid for Presidency.
Seeks to disrupt party politics  bring voice to independents.
Follow his journey
lovely avi : .
follow back :
which mall
confusing in what way?
It's your great song writing ability that makes it happen :
please follow nice job
It ain't no woman, flesh, or blood it that's damned ol rodeo.
Adding Sheets by Damien Jurado from the album Caught In The Trees.
Love this pandora station
3WordsForYou You're my everything3
Ironic Dietz and Watson is on ice sponsor in Philly because starting tomorrow some of the Flyers will be working at delis all over Philly.
RT : I think people who take over a conference room when they know it's booked should be water boarded to be taught a lesson
yes come claim your 2.50
I hate being alone  night.
What a day
HTC One X, Canon DSLR, budget speakers make their mark
Let him in Now!
No Pass Laws for the Dalai Lama.
lol that was hilarious
and for the record, clearly won the name the artists on the cover game by a landslide, ha.
Nice eyecandy yummy guy without shirt.
Okay Midwestern fans help us?!?!
Weve tweeted 1DtoOmaha nearly 1000 times but any tweets would help!!
Dear Shawna, YOU IZ MY SISSY  IT SHALL STAY THAT WAY TILL ETERNITY.
I talk to you the most out of all ICONiacz.loveu.
Love, Tatsiana
say isn't that basically the idea behind the inhouse institute?
:
Thankful for a good job that allowed me to get a new car today finally...doctorve mine til the wheels fell off...well almost
: All I want for Christmas is !
Ravens Superbowl Victory ballsohard Diploma
Hey babe!
awe thanks!
you are beautiful aswell!
Hell yes i am so ready!
RT Hey beautiful!!!
Happy almost TGIF!!
I Missed You Too :D How Are You 
Idk how this baby bird got in my house tho
T5 MINITES GUISE : the best of luck to all of you 3

haha did you mean ?
Thanks for the mention!
Details on the gobbler!
Sounds awesome!
100th tweet: dedicated to I 3 you!
Today will be great !!!
Addicted to Flipboard and use it almost always on iPad, but iPhone version is SO well done, each entry seems like a little focused jewel.
if L'ville players were bigger and made better shots this would be something to watch.
Definitely  Do It!
Aaagh, gotta go!
I think I have a bad SD card
Yeah, unless not being able towas your destiny, tooalso!
Caitlin Dobbs
Hoping one day my roommate will get his own life and stop living through mine!!!
Yay for barely any sleep last night...
NOT!
Omg I'm so tired,I just wanna lay here /:
Lady Antebellum great performance for opening night of one of, if not the BEST sport in America football!!
Go NewOrleans Saints!!
Enjoying the tweets from devcon11 sounds exciting!
Eastern Bank CEO Rich Holbrook to appear on CEO Corner Sunday at 8:30 p.m.
w/ Great 30 min discussion!
ha!
that does sound like a great mudwrestler name.
:
Go Pack Go!
You're trying to get me banished from Twitter again, just when I found a parcel of land to till.
Loving this lecture showcase!
Poor guy!
Good morning!
We open for lunch at 11:30.
So glad to have been part of it!
: Season 7 is winding down.
Only 4 days left....
btw: Just planted my heirloom tomatoes.
You did amazing blow my mind each week.
haha no worries.
Glad to inspire regardless.
Take care!
Working our SocialMediaPlus booth at PhillyConvCtr promoting ExecEd programs.
All part of my plan to eventually become a car show model!
Not the coldest...but Big Sean be holding his ground on singles though
Orientation begins today in madoctord ...
so excited for our students!
OMG.
IM SO PROUD OF YOU!
SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING!!!!!!
So excited!
Working with design to create new eGovPortal user interface.
Who's want to know more?
Just preordered you book!
Looking forward to it!
I'm getting a little better day by day
those hackers all look pretty pale to me.
Where's the ethnic diversity?
Kind of obsessing over Payphone  Both of Us
Why does the weather always have to tease me??
I love behance!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.Cicero
Amazing underground artist  myspace.com/onezsharp
Republicansif you want to reduce the deficit, stay out of endless Iraq wars.
It cost us 1 trillion and you didn't pay for it.
ugh I know!!!
Geez, Carly your slow :p
ah, thx.
don't know why, i had thought it was tonight.
anyhow, had prev plans but will really try to go wed.
/cc
I hope my baby feels better.
love those guys
U ought to scuba dive especially with my money back guarantee to get underwater w/ happiness and joy.
Better than anything at disney
RT : You've just inspired me to make a donation for the mothers wanting to focus on the childoctorn they already have.
What a workout
don't you just miss high school?!
BLESS!
RT : Greetings, One love.
Its coffee time  Brain Food nuttn rude!
Give thanks.
ON MY JOURNEY HOME a gr8 handbook for the c/g during/after a end of life event!
ALL from the pt.s point of view a GR8 read!
Its 's birthday : RT : 45 minutes until April 24th, just saying.
;
Feeling motivated
Thanks for the RT Christina!
Have a great Thursday
Really?!
Wow!
206 with wins against who?
They havn't beaten a top 25 ranked team.
Just Sayin
how should we celebrate our friendship?
Pearl must be included before he takes off too!!:
What if we talk to the opp.
team for an hour when they try to leave BP and wear them out before the game?
AddaBoy!
Cream and Crimson got it done tonight!
it's cold here in Washington
My students hadn't heard of Pavarotti and called Kermit Hermit the Frog.
But the point of being true to your own voice was made, I think.
lol sorry thats facebook being stupid
Lets rock tonight :
250 FREE biz cards based in Lexington, MA!
I checked out  you asked for credit card  10 bucks to ship.
Boston Worst SCAM
Thank you Frozen Four visitors to the D for helping us set a new attendance record at the Ford Rouge tour today!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
But if Walker can make this all about collective bargaining/unions, instead of his way of ruling he's got a shot of winning the recall.
Catching up on work this Sunday afternoon!
Came 2 Charlotte NC today for my brothers NascarTechncalInstituteOpenHouse today: now were  a dirt track in Stanley NC called EastL ...
yay I'm glad it went well!
Hi Dave!
Happy baseball season : Who's your team?
we won because balls wasn't there and Marty was!
Jus got super excited Walkin into this giant thrift store.
Just saw at So great to have a celeb of his stature inn SRQ doing good things for the community and is accessible
After a fun night out my brain likes to wake up at six am.
My husband won't let me leave the bed!
Glad I have an entertaining phone.
Fasten your seatbelts boys and girls.
Wonderful tweets!
Looking forward to our next TEA TASTING!
I just want to be married to Zach Porter already.
I always appreciated the Wimberly!
Also: they had Einstein Bros coffee.
Other hangout: Hillel.
thank you!!!
Let's gig later this year
Saw the Avengers yesterday and then Game of Thrones last night; that's mediariffic!
Speechless...
RIP Adam Yauch...
way too young.
indeed, you did!
so whats the postcollege equivalent of prom weekend?
seaside?
wildwood?
just do that
Off the the Allurebeautylounge for makeup madness!!!
you forgot phil!
IMO they'll let things settle for a bit.
Knowing the braintrustmining for deals won't stop
The change....
Why do so many people think it's fine to carry on loud cell convos in public places?
The world isn't your reality TV show.
No one cares.
Sorry to hear, hope you get back on the courts soon
I'm all over it  sent it to my son  he works for Burger King!
Core of my teaching philosophy  you are more than just a question libteachthis such a great day for big ideas!
librarians rock!
Great job by making sure all the Brewers came out in fashionable order during Opening Day intros.
Chillin dancing in the kitchen waiting on this water to boil..
What you on?
I'm sure I will watch some games 
Can we get a HOP for Chicago Snubs not hiring Ryno to coach?!!
Just saw the Smile music video!
Holy shit I loved it!
So fucking awesome!
Avril's the queen!
AssistiveTech peeps: How are your districts dealing w/ demand for IPads ?
Wait till TeBow plays Bmore or Pittsburgh in th playoffs!
They'll b picking pieces of him out th grass till spring!
nice thing about working at home is that i can sit on the couch with the tv on cbs all day
Stress urinary incontinence is the most common type.
The root cause is weakness in the pelvic floor muscles which support the urethra
economies of scale are weird.
Everything same sized bottle  cotton cheaper than correctly sized bottles.
Bigger  better!
Really to see my baby then
Judging the Webby Awards on a Friday night.
Seeing some interesting sites.
The Hold Steady are playing the Braddock Library in Pittsburgh tomorrow.
A wonderful convergence of two of my interests
Just finished packing for Vegas  TAM8 here I come, ready or not!
Have we had a buzzerbeater yet this tourney???
Have we??
Do we need one?
i'm about to take some now c:
I see move ahead with the mix tape.
Everyone else is mad because they didn't think of it first.
Gettinn ready w.
My bitches
No arrests have been made in connection with search on birdman home.
Sheriff's office calls investigation active and ongoing
It was 1982 and my Flock of Seagulls haircut was ticking her chin...
Rule No.
1  Tweet stuff that only you can share.
Jus landed n new orleans yuhh
The rough mix sounds pretty good.
It's solid and rockin!
These presentations are giving me some interesting ideas on how to approach collaborative projects with the Digital Humanities at UMD
finally got tweetdeck
definitely.
At least a utility belt.
that looks good..
:'
peanuts 2a elephant Album out Today!!
Instores and on the Black top hit me if u need copies?
Fast!!!
Chipotle never disappoints
okk I know your gonna RT this, because I stand outt of those 9million fans,:
People who give advice are probably not taking it themselves.
Omg yes cinnamon bun cake!!!!!!
I'm in heaven
Happy Birthday to all of our Twitter friends who will celebrate their special day in March :
LastTimeIChecked You want the D.
Have to remove from my feed reader.
They improperly used the word utilize in headline.
My unforgivable grammar sin.
Only 17 days to go until the Premiere of H20:Suply and Demand.
See you on the Red Carpet!!
Your pinky is the smallest finger but it's capable of holding the biggest secrets.
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL WOMENS DAY to my Naked Health friends!
Being British how could I miss this day.
Let me know how I can inspire you to g
Heading to the airport!!:
wait...
In memory DB with an fsync per second almost perfectly describes redis.
you is GAY
So sad someone I loved listening to as a kid has just passed.
TheQueenOfDisco just spent her LastDance HeavenKnows R.I.P.
You have to first have a soul of your own if you want to find your soulmate.
Should have worn thicker tights.
Should've been born with thicker skin.
I've noticed an influx of redheads in commercials recently...not complaining, just an observation  redsaretakingover
The feeling of walking on your own in a large crowd is tremendous.
you're my role model.
3
thanks Rachel!
When r u gonna buy me coffee now that we live in the same town again :
RanyRyan Chell radioBAL.
Would love to get you on  plug your O's column.
Can we get u on tom?
Email thx!
you are hell!!!
lmfaoRT : Don't ask me to follow back if you are ugly
get a new hobby your obsession with gas prices has become to much
ya man trust me you did good but we lost our inside game an that's what hurt us.
Head up Just focus on the next game.
BIG HUGZ Miss ya!
I'm sending you a long email
Close it out Lakers!
how about that?
We brought it back!
1 month till tour begins.
This will be a life changing experience.
Let's make the best of it man.
you're going to try to come up with a counterexample for that now and it's just going to be gross
Wont be eating till 11ish but all day is TACOTUESDAY RT : it's awfully early for tacos!
Lol
Turn away if u could get me a doctornk...
RT : Hard to know if FB fans indicator of voter turnout.
Predictor claim could be chicken/egg issue.
RT : There is plenty of 'fakeness' in real life, too.
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons!
INDIANAPOLIS!
LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582  I'M doctorWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP!
VALUED AT 900!
hey: we haven't talked in awhile: how's life:
I find my reviews are shorter of late.
Dunno what that means.
how much of a librarian does that make the rest of us who are watching along as you read it?
FAVORITE is my favorite thing to do, if you don't believe me, check my FAVORITES
And just like that the Blazers get hit by the injury bug, just a matter of time I guess
finally following its sweet perfection
Hope your bday is going well!
i found myself un happy
Our most Insane Offer starts today at 12 noon ET!!
Thought u might like 2 know our global sim covers 195 countries!
getting the word out to travelers that luv tech!
thanks!
I will.
: beautiful venue.
Enjoy!
Kentucky blue and UNC Tar Heel blue are my two favorite colors but nyknicks blue is gaining favor
1 year ago..Last May when I found out DJ Premier spun the record we did with Talib Kweli..I about fell out my computer chair..
THIS WILL MAKE YOU TOOT IT  SCOOP IT;
Happy Mother's Day!
3 :
Going to be a long day.
I've got building coverage so come say hi tonight in OM.
So turns out i may have an infection in my eye!
I just watched President Obama slowjamming the news on Fallon last night, and then returned attention to the Ohio House...and cried.
I scream, you scream, we all scream...
For beer.
Lol, i love work sometimes 
I didn't know Santa played the Sax.
RT : I see nothing wrong w/ comparing santas sack of gifts w/ rex grossmans sacks.
Ohh I see Mahomies trying to trend Mahomies !!
Imma do it to:
Show support.
Chicago hip hop
Two and a half men would be 10x better if Charlie Sheen was still on it.
Bill Hanzlik just on, Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio at 8:05, and Elaina MacMillan 9:05!
Only on The Score, Mile High Sports, AM 1510.
agreed!
Love me some baby horse!
I want to see a little magic tonight!
A few storms are bringing heavy rain, small hail and wind gusts up to 40mph to NE Ohio, including parts of Richland  Knox Counties.
So my 2nd annual Huluween went something like this:
if I had more followers I would tweet more
I hate mornings It's always boring
enjoying their free food
RT : 2nite  Fox Hollow: PARTY  BULLSH!T w/  the rest of the crew!
Acting like Harden wouldn't start over his ass if Harden was on the Lakers...
Doubled everybody's space, they did.
And space rewarded for referrals.
hey johnny
Oscar Micheaux is my movie hero, and has given me such an inspiration for filmmaking
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
He is a loathsome, offensive brute, yet I can't look away.
Siri, Seriously: 10 Ways Were Really Using Apples Voice Assistant
EPIC show on Comedy Central tonight!!
Stoned like a Biblical Whore fantastic
near Langham, but we just came back on.
You?
Sketches done!
Now for a quick nap before my early morning meeting.
I can see how something like that could have slipped your mind in the last quarter of million years.
;
your amazing!
remember that
Awesome rehearsal tonight.
Our gigs this weekend in Birmingham will definitely rock!
I plan on writing a short comic about me meeting god after my death.
You should pencil the fuck out of it.
Happy Mother's Day to your very very wise Mother and your beautiful wife
Obama is back where he belongs....
Just ate a Choco Taco!3 it was amazing!
LOL!!
Much love of MJ too.On that note, my sister from another mister smiles across the miles!!
:
you did a great job on msnbc, thank you and keep up the hard work, and fact reporting.
stick up for us, and for wisconsin!
Its a good day folks...
: I did!
Going again on Thurs.!
There is no fact than this more sadly sure  / The poor's best friends and lovers are the poor.
Miss seeing you!
Come to Nashville for a visit!
Outer JAMMED approaching I95  overturned vehicle blocking two lanes
Go Lobos!
Time to claim sole possession of !
not even mad at right now.
In 2010, Illinois ranked 32nd among the states in number of entrepreneurs per 100,000 adults.
I spotted some superheroes today!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Love u to death also!
3
Local Retro DTV station's depressing Ad sponsors: Funeral Ins, Rx lawsuits, reverse mortgages, replacement catheters, roach killers, etc.
Join us for a little Monday Funday action by the pool!
Special bottle pricing for industry people and 2 for 1 cocktails ALL DAY!
So adorable!!!
I love penguins!
Amazing photo!
very tired!!!
That is what I am trying to figure out.
it is moving fast so I would have to see it in recording to bring it back.
Peter de Seve came to see us last Saturday.
Lovely fellow.
And so gifted!
lines tonight: liverpool evens, chelsea 130.
as expected, no prop bets to be found.
This year I will be voting for a president based on their opinion on the Outkast album Stankonia.
912 months?
I advertise in the neighborhood newsletter.
So, I just watched doctorgonheart '96 and it's way worse than I would have guessed.
JACK DAVENPORT IS ON SMASH?
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE NOTIFY ME OF THIS?
I'm blaming all of you.
You try NOT grooving to Oh What A Night in the grocery store aisles when you're having a great day.
Thanks for the mention, we can use all the help we can get!
Good for you!!
This week im gonna have TEST,especially on my birthday NO!!!!!
Oldest wine as in that remaining bottle from last weekend's collection that I didn't finish until now?
Take it to the back seat run it like a track meet
Stop feeding me bullsht and start being honest with me.
I don't think that's too much to ask.
She say she fucking with me the long way She gon ride this dick I had a long day
I knoww.
/; in his world only like 5 states exist..
just wait till United screws u on a reservation or something.
Enjoy
I can't sleep :
yeah I live on prospect in that little building lmfaoo
Hiking down stream 3 miles this morning on the Chama River.
Wild country, awesome, beautiful place.
Thank you Lord for this day!
Sent a message to Ray about the issue.
Yesterday I found out that the planner is really a beta product.
:
U cant teach a hoe to be house wife either duh lls
Also it is important 2 work all muscle groups 2 ensure muscle balance.
Muscle weaknesses/imblances r most common cause of injuries is sports
Who else cant wait til Tuesday?!?!
To be a twitter Grayson would be nothing short of an honor.
Love my bar gig until I wake up the next day and go to my professorssional gig.
No signal in clinton
and your light in the bathroom is blown!
So I had to make a new twitter....
absolutely no way to access my old one...
yay?
Have a fun weekend, fans!
Got anything good going on this weekend?
I wish Chris Martin didn't do all that yelping in the beginning of that live version of Yellow that always comes on Pandora
She's so hot.
RT : Tyra banks show taught me exercises to stay tight.
i be doin that shit all day.
likeavirginagain ;  lmao
Today's NY Times crossword gets an A for effort.
The Bills get a Y for yeech.
Three stitches in lower lip; thanks dentist
One rule is that immediate family members should not give showers because it appears that the family is soliciting gifts....
First Michael Pineda to the DL, now Doug Fister.
The Mariners have some kind of crazy voodoo going on right now
:RT: Thank YOU and for having the guts to tackle sensitive topics with intelligence and compassion.
All nighter :D
your right i've been slackin on my twatter game..
I'm gunna twat my fuggin balls off now
Can't wait for Sound by Design to set up our lights for PurpleLight tomorrow.
I am so excited to see Milwaukee Purple!
Well, you already know!!!
I bet you itching like a mug huh?
Still up watching crazy movies  missing a certain somebody.
That tuition increase is crazy.
In New Orleans and the surrounding Louisiana Gulf Coast area, the predominant religion is Catholicism
We don't love to be loved; we love to love
RT : upstream2012 selfcontrol correlates to GPA's, test scores, popularity.
if it brings more in the open of people, will it show that you dont trust the ones around you, yet it feels like that 2 them!
thanks buddy
RT  Superbowl XLVI forecast: New England Patriots vs Philadelphia Eagles
running late for work is never a bad thing so to speak lol RT : Running late.
Oops
stompin in them air force 1's
That's high praise from THE expert on the Jura!
Thank you!!
If you love beer pong is it safe to assume you love beer?
Because if so, we have lots of it!
Not surprising.
They probably get a ton of proposals, many bad.
I still say call them.
Can't hurt.
I don't know I don't think I would ever cut out the sleep.
That's where some of the best stuff happens.
Been up almost 24hrs time to lay it down
why am i so annoying haha
im not in town suckas.
a progressive visionary makes me want to work for United Health.
blueplanetmktg
yeah, crazy day for La Cumbre with 2 Golds and a Silver.
Looking forward to the Breeder's Cup today.
Okay thanks!
We still have plenty of faith in you.
you're my boy, blue!
I need my car, s'il vous plait.
Love yourself!!!!
cool I donk think Nike has put them out yet
About to get body painted for the first time...
FRIDAY FUN!!!!
captainon this photo!!
tenth graders in pittsburgh are already taking there PSAT wow time is fast.
FAI was wonderful.
A delightful collection of people and music.
Now onto CD proofs and booking!
Happy Monday everyone!
we finished recording today!!!!!!
new Tic tocs music up soon!!!
So he showed a bit of progress, but not that much.
He doesn't have much power either.

I'll check it out.
Thanks for the suggestion!
Is it cool to constantly post stuff about smoking weed now?
Cause too many people do it.
I don't care if you're high.
lol
Mixed Emotions Like A Mf
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Charles DuBois
Thanks!
Good luck with that werewolf!
Simply put, it's too damn early!
Make sure to read our Friday Facts!
blog post about Branchiootorenal Syndoctorme!
www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
wonder why in the hell u stop rapping???
Finishing David Mitchell's latest just as the box containing Franzen's latest hit the front porch.
Switching gears: from Shoguns to suburbs.
I thought you were a comedian, like Jack Handey.
The packers are fan owned, the public house is member owned, and Wisconsin is people owned.
Sign the petition.
Walker, get owned.
duh!
Miss ya too babe
is it too early to doctornk?
LOL
know12 ServiceNow keynotes about to kick off this morning.
First up, founder and Chief Product Officer Fred Luddy.
black berry I've never liked ..
Ppl who like encrypted messaging and the keyboard like it :
Headed back home this weekend.
I love Vegas but Trampa keeps pulling me back in
Campana what the fuck?
Youve got to be fucking kidding me.
This is fucking ridiculous.
doctoring on a one lane highway in between two semi trucks going 40mph in the rain.
Wed, September 28th Come to SET IT OFF!
W/ Special Guest Patent Pending for 10adv ALSO APPEARING: Burn the Charts, Six Stories Told  more
What's your flamenco superpower?
Yeah...
I still jam to Pink Floyd.
at least summoned understands

are at the a2 International Education Fair at the Hilton Hotel, Istanbul from 13:00 to 18:00 today!
Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
LMFAO tn at Mansion!
Free admission on my guest list before 12:00...send all names to 786 282 9112.
It's going to be a
I meant the to as in comparison haha
Now playing Mi Gente by Hector Lavoe
Lmaoooo !
Today was fun in health !
:
hey C!
I have my Scott blakeman class tonight..
having trouble writing material :
Risk all over taking a digger.
How is it?
Had an amazing power day with Steve Linder.
Not sure who learned more, him or us.
I feel the laws of attraction at work.
Cooking up a cinnamon  clove infused simple syrup to spice up my Old Fashioned doctornks.

it never fails..
I'm always hungry right before I go to bed.
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
yes.
i love it
We recently launched an all new Photo competition on our Facebook group
Hey Kate, thanks again for writing the article.
Great hanging out with you in Gettysburg!
Did u know a jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
So Jiffy Pop popcorn is just a little exaggerated huh?
Food Fact of the Day: Mar 20,1602 The Dutch East India Company was established and the Netherlands granted it a monopoly on trade with Asia.
will do!
Go for it!
way 2 b a trend setter!
that would be awesome  hoping to see you in New Orleans instead though!
Have fun out there...tweet some photos!
:
Atlanta Thrasher reference on the post game in the conference finals...
even more proof the Mayans may be right
I like your face.
Mar 1952: Every night Churchill read the political part of the newspapers.
It was his contact with the ordinary man.
Like the MNTimberwolves trade...get a vet PG with championship exp.
to mentor Flynn, and also future 2nd rd pick and cap room
alexandoctorberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet 
I'm bored and tired of being on the computer
If I could retweet twice I would
If it's gonna take forever, then forever it will be...
Hey iladies/i.
Merry Christmas, peeps!
If time is money....are ATMs time machines?
vege meatballs in kitchen sink salad with pesto!
Sometimes it makes me sad when my eyeballs work
My brother is the most dirtiest nigga ever, he doesnt know how to clean after himself 
you looked super amazing at that fashion!
Everyone i know loved your doctorss
About to check out Eddie Palmieri with Dafnis Prieto at the Mayne Stage in Chicago.
I know it will be an excellent show!
If no one has an accident, vomits, or spills food in next few hours, all of our clothessave what we're wearingwill be clean soon
The new shows on tv today honestly dont compare to the shows when i was younger
crew LOVE
laying in bed just like Brian Wilson did
OMG!
i love this!
hahahahahs gkjsdnbfgikjsbgkjsd EMIE i love you
Listening to Bill Johnsons Wonder Emporium Today with on
i really learn alot about how the autocomplete functions of our brains workabsolute brilliance
I BEAT THE PIZZA UP.
UP, UP, UP.
I BEAT THE PIZZA UP.
LOL
Goin To The Cubs Game Tomorrow, and The Sox Game Friday Great Way To Finish My Stay Out In Chi Town
Cleaned up the apps on my iPhone.
Deleted a few, consolidated a lot.
Already feeling more productive today!
Hey : We go through about 150 sharpies each year signing Colorado Firefighter Calendars for Childoctorn's Hospital!
Watchin D Will Press Conference.
I know how to hold a grudge,I can send a bridge up in smoke
Ready to check out the SFIMA holiday bash tomorrow night!
Wow!
RT : 10 million Angry Birds Space downloads in less than 3 days!
Thanks to our fans!
Hi Victoria!
Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply?
Please?
:
Erytyme I say 2 sum1 I'm fat.
n they say dnt thnk tht way.
I wnt 2 say I said I'm fat bitch, I never said I was ashamed of it!
Heading to t.
O
Thank you so very much!
Conference call with Paul Fisher today...
man he makes me nervous.
Like I'm in front of greatness.
FROG BROTHERS!!!!
It is really hard to focus on work, knowing that tomorrow I'm going to be 640 Million richer
Outside views are important and necessary.
should we chat before SewallBelmont next week?
Looking forward to asking you questions!
Chicago Cubs Babbie Chi Town
The moment the mouse battery dies while you're doctorwing a free form object!
My interview comes right after Jack Canfield.
the prob w/ self checkouts are a they assume you are trying to steal and b people are idiots when it comes to tech.
No way....that hi?
What thing makes you most humble?
Why?
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the presence of faith.
Ugh.
You were sick for a whole week?
I was out for two days and couldn't stop feeling sorry for myself.
Glad you're better
Well ohkay die!
Then
Are you n the ferry?
's networking event, tonight at 's with was Wunderbar!
Mucho FunO w/Italian's  German's!!
happy birthday man.
Hmu sometime
No surprises here!
But we still want some of that deep fried lasagna.
I dont want your money i just want your trust and love
RT Great quote Let us never confuse stability with stagnation.
Mary Jean Le'Tendoctor
you want a true intern you found your match.
Trust me.
A crowded subway platform is DEFINITELY an excuse for a full vocal warmup.
It has just been raining and raining for the past few days.
When will the rain turn into snow for X'mas?
All schools will be closed next week.
Central offices will be open Mon  Tues but closed the remainder of the week.
Happy Thanksgiving!
I could really use a concert right about now but i have none comeing up : i could really use one and a hot stranger to look at, not for ...
the birthday vids for jenn have to be sent in by 12:00am tonight!!!!!
hurry.
:D
what's/who's your inspiration?
When I sleep late and take two naps and im still tired 
R you f kidding me???
Lakers bench is terrible!!!!!
No chemistry whatsoever playing together.
Congratulations to BCHockey Men's Team for winning the Hockey East Championship over Maine.
Good luck in the NCAA's!
I Wish Would Notice Me.
as The Situation?
Priceless!!
Also, finally get to see some in this epi!!
FINALLY
Got a babysitter lined up for New Years?
If not, get to it!
GEMINI is playing at Bubbaz Plainfield on NYE!!
10p start time!
Don't miss out!
Pretty good day for Thursday!
lots of great memories for sure!
No liq 4 me tonight, think I'm jus roll up  roll up  roll up....
if you could please stay out of my relationship that would be amazing.
bye.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged w/ battery.
Time to start thinking about getting ready to go see Guys and Dolls at the Carmel Performing Arts Center.
just had the weirdest doctoram.
someone told me they were growing unicorn eggs to eat them and hallucinate.
psychedelic shit right there.
Thanks for the mention!
PAMELA'S
Avoid buying on impulse at the bulk store.Its not saving when youre buying bulk items you don't need.
just chilllin you know the usual lmao and how was itt !
Planets aligned and 1 My broom stood up by itself 2 My dogs got into a fight 3 Packers had an active free agency
finally made it to Inside Marina City  liking seeing Julie on the wall!
Emoji  ing with 
Nope Im On Twitter While My Bro Playing Call Of Duty MW3
DJ Nate will be in the house to night from 9 to close!
Lol..u ready?
Haha the dance moves were sick though!
i swear i could live in your arms, and spend evey moment i had with you.
Dodgers...Angels...how sweet a series would be 
Damn now I gotta put a hit out for your head..
just throwin money smh..
dude I'm about to find my old mini disc recorder and create a banger right quick lol
A year ago today I scooted up to Vancouver, B.C.
for the starting line of Scooter Cannonball Run.
Have fun wish i was there!
RT tweeting on behalf of from 's Community Resource Exchange.
On the hunt for a solid Mid level Unreal3 coder to work on a bad ass new fantasy shooter.
Anyone interested???
Nobody has a perfect life.
Everybody has their own problems.
Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
Best part of 's All Through the Night?
At the end, when she forgets the lyrics and sings Doctor Who as a fadeout.
We are
Happy BDay buddy, Love ya:
RT : great meeting u!
We will have to make something happen.
// absolutely!!
Let's grab lunch soon.
Jaguar game!!
:
Permanently delete your account?
is an amazing Mom, speaker, writer, yoga lover, passionate to help people kick start healthy sustainable eating habits.
mister T pities the fool.
ChuckNorris rips the fool's head off.
: Box of wine nd endless ciggs before my accounting presentation normal dontjudge imperfect too perfect for u klecs
Decided to take today as recovery after a decent session with the ever improving !
Watch out mma scene gbelite is comin for you!
Q3.
Twitter is a great way to stay on top of library trends.
It's where I first hear LIS news, often.
Did Mike jus kiss some white dude on the lips after he knocked out Berbick?!?!...I'm jah confused!!
I NEED SOME TEXTING BUDDIESS !
but leaves without my plate....
Be sure to let us know when you plan your Old Twitter Babe Calendar.
:
The photography exhibits are one of my favorites.

Awesome!
Could come by and scout it this evening before 8 or tomorrow before 2pm?
What is your doctoram summer?
PT
What up doe
Beers in Cambridge with the most awesome and good times!
I miss the summer when lived with us :/
With getting ready for this game
what have I done to anger thee now?
Okay thanks.
I somehow ended up on a page that said it was over.
:
Breakfast foods always smell so good unf.
Hmm what color should I paint my toes  :

So good to see everyone!
Fun event!!
yeah it did lol.
either way those books are BORING haha
Hands on Fire!
Rocked the Seattle center 1pm Next up 3pm outside
ok the internet is acting slow
Thank you for the RT.
It was AMAZING!
I use to be filmmaker before photographing NDN cultures.
Lately, I've been shooting stock video clips on Amerindians.
this isnt my night :'/
The harmonies of the IThrees are Superb!
internet high five
y'all Kennedy Center was a blast !!!
So I think I'm going to all him out
I could walk to your house and lay in the sun.
:D
I'm GREEN with envy...
excuse me I'm still on my period.
PBS KIDS Leads February TV Ratings with Top Four Shows among Kids 25
I kinda need all the chocolate to keep me sugared up and sane.
hee hee!
Alright folks, time for bed.
Somebody fix the world while I sleep, I deserve better.
Chris Brown is Dope
2011.08.01 Brewers 6 Cardinals 2  Seven in a row / Crew explodes for 5 in 5th / to keep streak rolling.
that not what the story says, it says he would be traded for 1 pick to Deron Williams' Nets not for Williams
If You Gonna Be Rappin On Twitter, At Least Have The Mouth To Say It FACE TO FACE When U Get Confronted 
YES OMG ON FX
Can this lady leave....like now?
Someday we'll look back on when the internet was both accessible and free.
Imagine that, MJD in second round ...
I got my life and career and school to worry about.
No time for bs at all.
Gotta book my ticket soon to go back home...
Can't wait.
Paint The Town!!!
The greatest use of your life is to invest it in something that will outlast it.
My Birthday is tomorrow!!!!!
:
Good Day All
Working on a dubstep cover of a forest by the Cure.
CALL: There's no power found in victory without experiencing the pain of defeat.
RESPONSE: Give me the chance to find it.
Leading a tasting for Brooklyn Republic vodka...
Free shots at Columbus circle wines and spirits
If you offer nothing, you shouldn't expect anytthing in return
Deep bow to  Eric Lawson specifically for great hospitality and interviews today in the sun in Chandler!...
My bitch Dynish Birthday is tomorrow.
Taking bets on Peter Onuf's choice of tie  Will it be the Dec.
of Ind.
or T.
Jefferson Portrait?
lol hell yeah .
You those dude's who don't have a legit comment or question, but really just wants to say something to talk ...From 121:50p.
missed you too, girl!
:
yes forever  always 3
i need more followers
most can't or won't respect someone who utilizes their creativity by calling them doctoramers, well doctoramers turn them into reality i am
Sneak peak of designers on : see me on Fox 59 at 9:15!
Showing some looks from a few designers for Midwest Fashion Week
I think we are playing a party tomorrow night in Houston.
I don't even know.
Crash I205 SB before the Gladstone exit is all gone...still left over slowing between the Milwaukie exit and Gladstone.
I HOPE YOU GET DIVE BOMBED BY AN EAGLE ON YOUR WALK TO WORK
your the awsomiest persons I have ever met
Been going to sleep late three days in a row ha
At my house, cat claw clipping is always followed by catnip.
Felix used to come running when he saw/heard the clippers.
80 of people dont use the word of knowledge ot evangalize!!
Its sad how many dont preach about the word when evangalizing
just say no
Leo's last job was here at Baruch.
I wish he was still here...
yes, ask Greg  9412326892.
tell him you got his number via tweet.
thanks for the shout out!
You guys rock on and enjoy the IPA!
We watching da game n he cum up here lickn us lol
Just wondering if I subscribe to Cosmo will I get the Cosmo for Latinas issues?
I only want Cosmo for Latinas
I got exited about it  my mom had to kill da mood :
Yes, it is hard core cardio!!
Love it though...
im pushing through to a new level..
it feels good..
iamsimon Keep on keeping it real!
Holla!
Spillin while I'm sippin i encourage you to try it
Right behind ya!!
Back in 45.
RT : Back in the 317!
RT : Hope for Haiti telethon Friday night.
Remember, autism doesn't stop at the U.S.
borders.
Let's continue to keep......
FREE SHOT!
FREE SHOT!
FREE SHOT!
Buy a doctornk  get a free espresso shot!
I found it fascinating, Richard Neville said, I was intrigued by the mixture of entertainment, spirituality...
You Are The Shit!!!
Your Awesome!
Follow Me!!!
Please :
Wingstop it is........food for thought and my tummy....
HoeLies 15: I'm not insecure.
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier.
Do you have one in mind yet?
hahaha.
i think you may be right.
QUICK WHERE WERE YOU TEN YEARS AGO I was watching Vitamin C's Graduation on MTV and being nervous about going to middle school.
I am so addicted to Twitter and going out in Albuquerque !!
: Shane duricko is probably having a hissy fit after he saw that dude shove Michalek Too busy knitting and watching bowling
Happy New Year Everyone!
Leave it alone .
Way to go Obama, thanks for finally facing one of the most pressing civil rights challenges of our generation square on!
Let's do this!!!
stop offending me.
I just wanna live my life unoffended!
cryfest2012 LOL
HA!
No, just garden variety PC gremlins, but let's all just say it was the SOPA blackout.
;
Having 4 classes in a row with :
20thingsaboutme 9.
I didn't like American Idol until made me watch it when I stayed with her near the end of season 10.
Sure wish someone would let me borrow their phone.
.
lol, i want you.
put out some good music  tweets and you shall be RT'd and FF'd accordingly.
; I do appreciate the shoutout, homie!
Xoxo
Thank you!
On bedoctorst after IVF transfer and so worried!
Life is tough sometimes!
Congrats!
RT Two weeks from today THE FOURFACED LIAR premieres on cable!
Details to come...
South Dallas Swag was the Shit .
Lol
Thank you my brother.
I'll give you a call before the end of the week.
Who watched the Grammy's last night?
I'm lame and didn't...Highlight reel anyone?
a sneak peak of the new teen wolf.tyler as scott trying to stay calm while getting hit with balls.RT IF YOU LIKE
So awesome to have you on board
New solution for economic recovery, elect Tom Brady's right arm to be Treasurer.
sending energy and support!
12 Play is a classic, though!!!
Ahax
wow MTM.
That is a lot of rite of passage activity.
So sorry about ur aunt, L will b great big sis, Congrats on work, cheers  xoxo
Mighty good look there
me too!
SMH
this bitch talkin bout time to go to work.
everyone's a selfpromoter...there are probably oil paintings of him too.
DO ANY BODY LIVE IN LINCOLN NEVER BEEN ??????
If promises are meant to be broken, they shouldn't even be spoken.
You would both remember the movie.
He played a bad guy/crazy guy, but in a funny sort of way.

Sounds good.
I got your email.
I will hit you back.
You got it.
Good luck to your NFL team!
Mine is the Saints...Who Dat?
Alaska Airlines, Row 1 or Row 6?
what exactly is your ff name?
Haha i stick to millejac for that exact reason
Woo hoo!!
: Yes!
twitter hugs!
RT LEAN ON ME RT : What movie is this quote from?
I don't have to do ...
we felt it too!
I blame for telling us to BYOB.
tonight at 8PM.
Can't wait!
I just want you to love me like the world's about to end, baby.
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky.
Rumi
Haha!
For sure!
Um, microagression on stage about not being able to pronounce names.
I can pronounce them just fine, thanks.
she got holes in her doctorws 6 ft tall, tall enough 2 play bball
its alright i still luv you
Birthday swagger
I hooked up w/ a secret service agent when I was on vacation in Aruba.
Hence I'm pretty much 1 degree of separation from this whole scandal.
a social movement to raise money for a local charity.
The version is a concert supporting HFTwestival!
Are you that man that I can trust; love; respect; be proud of; be with forever and not give a second thought of?
I'd love to chat...
I've been thinking about the rhetoric of blues singing for my MA culminating project.
DMing you.
we're out of the Information Age, now we're in the Attention Age.
Ringy dingy!
It is a soup kind of day!
Or maybe you want an Burger delivered?
Call 1855HUNGRY2 or wehaveyourfood.com
why baseball is better then football: 9 diff chances to buy a hot dog, in football you have 1 half time, and good luck with the lines.
This makes my day!
best of luck!
RT Just got off the phone with my new SAA mentor.
He: really nice and cool.
Me: awkward but enthusiastic.
Thanks
they are out to get YOUK!
I'm pissed!!!
Damn that's 5 on Amare...bad foul on his part
Just heard the good news that a friend's open heart surgery was successful and he is out of the ICU.
Happy.
hahaha.
sometimes i just sit on cl and read the posts.
man looking for single hot female to change his diaper smfh.
move over Giambi, here comes Hammel!
Maybe the world is ending tomorrow....
TGIF everyone!
This is FF say hey to Friends Jamaica and the
So we should all ride together for the gang vocals duh 3
FollowFriday for the funnies.
umm.
That's why you take them off before you go to bed.
Who sleeps with socks on???
Lol
That's sweet,  a very interesting name too :
Yes sir.
I'm here with him right now.
I'm at Cabo in Palace Station.
From the Muslim world, coffee spread to Italy, then to the rest of Europe  the Americas.
Aw tell her I said cunoooooot lol!RT : About to go see my Tierra n her boyz....yay!
Wars against nations are fought to change maps; wars against poverty are fought to map change Muhammad Ali
nah  self entertaining.
that would be great!
They were missiles that used one of Corning Inc.'s most successful defense products of the 1950s and 1960s  glassceramic radomes.
0 of the Big 6 publishers will sell ebooks to Even tho they wld be legally lent to patrons via
Cool 3.5 mile run this am all ready for the
Any tips for doctorssing in the corporate world and staying fashionable?
thank you soo much, im soo blessed great family and friends.
We find out Friday when Rena is do.
legoland so needs a zombie world in Miniland!
oh sweet!
Ill see you when I get out of class
yo wats good home u still have the same email.
Happy Halloween to parents  doctorvers.
Be careful out there  there will be childoctorn out and they can be unpredictable.
Go slow and be wary!
Stop on by the Whole Wellness Expo in Vegas tomorrow.
Free admission at 3500 Paradise.
We have a booth there  stop by and say hi!
Lol what a brother cant diet..im tryin to get down to 205..and the wings are the prob
There's an exchange traded fund with the ticker PBR.
Thought you would be amused.
Just finished c25k week 2 run 1 with GetRunning  29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running.
Next run: Wednesday 11th.
Man, I'm really hoping the story on MMAJunkie isn't true.
You've worked too hard to get where you are.
Good luck.
vote for Windows OS finally capable to do heavy weight lifting or backward compatible without loosing all plugins
just strolling
hit me up
hey trey..saw you followed my old account...this is the account i use now.....how have you been?
After 4 weeks of nonstop work I, FINALLY, have a day to relax, slowly contemplate my notes from the weekend and put everythig into place.
Spring can't come soon enough!
yeah its been a ling time U didn't answer....abd yeah okay if U don't love them 
no have u?
mobiel application that allows you to take photos, apply 'artistic filters' to them and share them.
don't call my pumpkin I perfer catalope.
Lets Blues out www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
when will be here
I'm ready for 2012 to be the biggest year of my life
oh I DO feel special :
then why you say it ?
having a final exam on the friday of Oaks day
A glass of red to numb the pain
we'll see  carissa's got me psyched about twitter!
loving the suh stuff!
fab.
i'll get the ball rolling asap!
i have a joke for this but it isnt appropriate for mixed company
I will see you there!
The random sandwich and cookie will definitely not be the highlight of lunch.
The joys of home ownership: spent the morning learning plumbing to replace a leaky toilet hooooraaayyy
: Graham still don't look right.
ya think...not gonna remember.
Took him in once
feeling slicker than owl shit and not near as dusty
Sorry, FBI.
If he had walked into my bedoctorom, I would not have made it to work.
CONGRATS TO JERED WEAVER!!!!!!!!!
Tryin To Do It To The Limit And Love It Alot....
I wish we would've did that trade to get ray Allen for OJ.
At least we would've had a legit shooter
Don't forget to join 9Round at the Madison Mud Run this Sunday, registration ends tonight, so hurry and sign up!
MusicMonday Need help with marketing and promotions to your fans?
hit us up for more info!
Hi Jennifer!!
: How are you doing today?
I'm busy w/book.
Swear to God, this is the last round of edits.
:
Someone should hit me up
If there weren't douche bags...
Would there just be douche all over the place?
Throwing random things at people  acting like it wasn't you.
Another afternoon at the pool, then dinner with at Firefly!
Flying back to Indiana on a red eye tonight.
Thanks for connecting people with our content We really appreciate it.
As happy as everyone else was to see a champion, how sad it is for our staff that it's over!
3 years of prep to just tear it all down :
So many sore losers in Pitt.
Love my pens but flyers were better team.
Suck it up.
Stop with the crying.
Playoffs are all about matchups
HEY MIAMONIQUE THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW...
GO SEE MY MOVIE TODAY!!!
Grr.
URL goofed up.
Stay tuned.
My follower/follow ratio isn't where I'd like it, but I hope that will change!
Hokies with 2 HRs in the bottom of the 4th has tied the game 33.
Still no outs as light mist now falling.
damn i need a kick back at byrons yo haha
Finally moving in on Sunday
Its a doctornk beer and listen to country music kind of day, all day
Go for the moon.
If you don't get it, you'll still be heading for a star.
Willis Reed
good episode tonight.
I have say it is difficult to call.
I remember Melissa freaking out other shows.
No surprise here.
thankss now i needa get to follow me ';D
cool cool lol :
no problem!
: check us out if you ever need new headshots.
2008: kids was just bumping hands up.
2009: everybody tryna get a click.
2010:everybody want to be from a hood 20112012:eveybody shooting
part 2 is posted :
Thanks for the follow!
Love your website!
Damn Right!!!
: HowToKeepYourMan101 if all else fails once again give him head it works lol SSNation
Here we go again!
nfldoctorft round 2
This girl is so fucking beautiful
happy record store day!
thanks for supporting your local record stores and labels.
Interesting.
But would adjuncts want to go out and start their own universities?
what's her handle?
my job pays very little so i had to wait some time before i saved enough and my father chipped in a little i had to pay most of it.
Sadly, I was so shocked by the event that wit failed and there is no photgraphic evidence.
I shall endeavor to replicate.
that's the way to do it, little bro!
RT : If you own a bike in Cleveland, come out for the CRITICAL MASS BIKE RIDE Friday :
Really awesome stuff.
And thanks for the mention!
I have yet to develop the ball to do some things in life but in due time!
Nice work !
I have video tapes of me and on a robo trip when we were 16.
coincidentally that was title of my paper
thanks for following me
Thanks for the ff!
Awe...
one day later and I could attend.
The days of 'shoot us down'
The MTA guys said to come back when rush hour was over and they might be able to get it then.
Crossing my fingers.
Everyone have a great weekend and make sure to stop, and take a breather for yourself ;
Food trucks are at Carnival Cruise Lines Toys for Tots tonight
Were naturalborn killers...
Really, ?
I bet you're wearing a sweater vest.
What can she say?
Siri likes her chicken.
;
I'm in ghost mode all I do is sleep and eat
that would be nice
She will be loved....
damn...on the real, i saw u like 10 times with Mest, then i slowly lost ya when Mest broke up.
Glad to hear your back!
Tragically, John Lardner never learned that JTF found him very annoying.
wait till you see this blue sky video...

bouta die of hunger no don't do it.
Goodfellas pizza with it was a good day playin is about as good as life gets.
People are having better experiences on mobile UI and transferring that experience back to the desktop.
: I might be a bitch sometimes, but I have never, ever lied to you.
I hate desperate ass bitches u look stupid....
3 spoiling the ppl you know care the most, MAC doin it big, takin care of the ppl that matter the most!!!
Newbury StBostonFriday
So close.
Yet so charred.
New CandySwipe game comment in the andoctorid market: Overwhelmingly consuming  brilliantly addictive by Waddies
haha!
A clean/simple PowerPoint is a happy PowerPoint  that's for sure!
It's easy to make things too busy
people shuyt up wit the flashin justin thing...okaii we all get it okaii it was the past so shut up it anoyying
Definitely.
Most institutes probably will post openings for apps in late 2011/early 2012.
Keep your eyes on the twitter stream.
oh what show?
Summer Short Courses have come to an end.
Our Fall schedule will be up Tuesday.
Enjoy your time between now and the start of the semester!
Now my movie messing up...smh back to Pandora i go
getting ready for the first NFL playoff game.
Nothing excellent can be done without leisure.
Andoctor Gide
Ooh these playoffs are good this year!
I know people that love their doctorids but I've had an iPhone for 3 years and I will probably never have anything else
FOOD FUNNIES: Knock Knock.
Who's there?
Wanda.
Wanda who?
Wanda have another hamburger?
looking through all the mail in my apt, I came across condolence cards.
I do not recommend rereading them.
March Madness!
Come check out the games on March 15 and 16 here at our Express office in Rochester.
We will be starting around 11am and goi
follow back!
big meetings today for domenicos bday bash and upcoming parties
is live at the Fishing Opener all morning on !
Listen to him on with anchor !
Agreed!
bummed to miss this year's festivities!
RT : Hey We are loving the tweets coming from ccbas!
Not a bad way to put it.
Content has to be useful to work, and must serve our readers and users.
I wish nights like these never ended
Come to a discussion about Mifflin with Alder Verveer on Tuesday March 27 at 7pm at the Madison Senior Center, get all the inside details!
watch THE RITE..scare the heck out me
Thank you, and Jeff !!
You and your bigotry can go marry each other, North Carolina.
Well, as long as your bigotry isn't a consenting adult of the same sex.
Bed time so I wake up nice  refreshed tomorrow  finish 2 videos I have 80 complete, Photos, backgrounds  write a treatment...
Busy Girl!
RT : : Have a gr8 day!
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
thats cool so how was the appointment with your boyfriend huh
The fact that Sessions doesn't start us mind blowing
Welcome to the BBN You'll have the support of the best fanbase ever!
You'll love it here!
Finally admitting that this syllabus is not going to design itself.
My tummy hurts.
i want to see mib3
ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls Who take pictures with their animals.
;D
DONT WANNA STUDY BYE
Congrats!
That's awesome news!!
u can do it
I just want to go to sleep...
...
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
doctornk, wait that's not a tweet.
bbyyy.
text me when youu wake up, I gots to ask youu something.
:
Final score from the ATT Center, fall to Oklahoma City 21.
Full game recap on
actually email and we'll tell ya how!
Trying to figure out how to append something before something else.
insertBefore ended up being what I needed
Annie Polland remarks that the success of the Tenement Museum programs is due to the dialogue between educators and scholars.
Great and I hope to see you there!
Loving people live in a loving world.
Hostile people live in a hostile world...
Same world.
Wayne Dyer
haveablast best shave I have ever had...
hands down.
How dare you say it's nothing to me?
Baby, you're the only light I ever saw.
So...
how are u liking the military?
lol
2 days until TwitterBaseball Game  9  Whitey Ford Field !
f the haters!!!!
they mad..if u and chris were twitter beefing wit each other they would be happy!!!
I got a valentines already
Was switching around games tonight, so I missed the nonexistent brawl in Dodger Stadium.
Kennedy better had been avoiding Kershaw on..
BrandCOS Getting lists of words or phrases regarding what makes COS special.
Give us your input using these different words:
blogging about Google's newspaper digitization efforts at monroeinfoblog.blogspot.com
Hiphop lyrics on my mind: I'm not sayin I'm Nas here, I'm just sayin rap's dead when I'm not here.
The Crazy by
RIP Dick Clark
Davis was obviously pushrd
Sweet!
RT USMNT received a call from President Obama congratulating USA on win against ALG  offering support of the nation
I'm not sure if I'm totally blown away by the new nano news.
I'm pleased with what I've got right now.
Hope texan bad pass D doesn't come back to haunt them in OT.
But his doctorve into deep leftcenter is caught.
We're headed to the top of 4.
Workout done!
okay...someone get a sunbed with me?
:
loved finally meeting u boo 3
I would have welcomed 10 baby corgis explain why millennials are narcissistic
Finally tuning into Jersey shore!
Yeah
Learn all about and met then in the momsFF Suite they've got some fun suprises for everyone.
love you too!!!
yes you are also a glass of wine!
way to go on your bike ride!
Coffee in Seattle is always fresh, and always delicious  come try some...
Over the weekend I got the book The Lucky One for 50 cents
Blade Runner sequel officially greenlit.
sounds good.
you should swing by southern Indiana and do the same!!!
disagree with the article...
what is left to say?
Let it pass for the present.
Fickell's silence is a good thing
Thanks for the RT Shannon.
Such a crazy story.
Any word about doctor Odell?
I hope all is well, looking forward to his participation in the SEAC20112 type or not 2 type
NCVT bounced off of its low of .07 last week and surged to .27 cents within a week a 285 move!
you've got mail
Now available: VPS servers!
VPS with control panel, and Premium shared hosting!
Follow today, new golf twitter
you nursing that elbow at the bar?
discordantadjective discordant music sounds strange because it contains discords
Simple solution: Send Uribe to A and have Jansen switch roles with Guerra.
If Dodgers do those moves, they improve leaps  bounds.
hehehehe love you too bunny :
working hard to get to where i wanna be in the music industry LESS GO
at least I can say I stand for something; you and me we stand for something
Looking for an arsenal win today and a Chelsea/Man U tie.
I want the epl season to be close to the end.
That was the single greatest thing I've ever seen on WWE programming in my entire life.
just owned anything WWE has ever done...
icantstandpeoplethat copying everything from my life.
It's just bitch!
you know?
Fuck them.
I had such a fun time last night with everyone!
thanks so much for coming out.....
If you play WoW and ur horde.
Message me so I can add you in game.
Im looking for more LFR/HoTs friends.
Heck even for pvp time!!
OnAAiR is sponsoring the 1 Million dollar prize for the holeinone contest at the Ryan's Reach golf tournament in Coto De Caza today!
I didn't bring it to you though lol
Call me crazy, but I'd rather makeout and cuddle then do all that sexual shit.
That takes work...
I don't like to work.
Roger Goodell is a smart man Finnegan is a thug and deserved everything Johnson gave him
going to explain?
You're unique.....
just like everyone else
lol Ikr?
I love her tattoo!
So bored!!
needs to text me back!!
On Tweeter yA hello
Every day I tell myself I'm going to bed EARLY.
But every night becomes one of the best parts of my day.
Also, as Dylan/Wilco fan, you may like Simple Twist of Fate cover by Tweedy solo.
Your Neice is Due TOMORROW !!!!
:
Big Bens guilt or innocence is not the issue for me he will have to deal with that
yall two are just so easy to love, it comes naturally :
I'm the bull goose loony .
.
.
Agreed.
But I wouldn't be surprised if they got a spinoff or something.
I Got A Love Jones For Your Body  Your Skin Tone
I'm still doctornking the KoolAid.
gotcha understandable
You can think highly of yourself without being high on yourself.
what bridge is that?
I love barney girlfriend and that he is in love
Old books sitting around?
WE WiLL TAKE THOSE TO!
Happy Thanksgiving followers and friends!
Highly informed vs well informed 
daughterinlaw, Blessed be he of the LORD, who has not failed in His kindness to the living or to the dead!
For, Naomi Torah 50/99
that's my birthday!3 but, I'll be in Dallas for /3
Who cares.
Quote: Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I've never tried.
Mae West
I am just a grain of sand
I feel so popular today!
:
I'm afraid I'm pretty promiscuous with my apps  especially those for organization.
But not in the city....Again!!
SomeoneIWantToMeet he's my biggest inspiration and I love him so much.
More than anything actually.
I hear a chinese woman cleans levilowrey 's clothes...and that his grass is cut by Juan and Pablo.
levilowrey is an AllAmerican
Tomorrows FRiDAY!:
Final Colorado Girls Basketball Playoffs ThunderRidge 56 Cherry Creek 45
Psyched to be joining the team as Digital Fellow next week!
What a great way to rejoin the world, postITP style.
def didn't mean to retweet that stupid shit, but you suck nonetheless
Im gunna soak up the sun, im gunna tell every one to lighten up 3
should i be expecting a 'take notes eric church' sign at a concert soon?
Awesome.
I'm going to Cairo in November.
:
I think strategically how each solution fits the whole, but remember when systems weren't, just as often learning isn't now
ya haha your right I was watching a friend
Aw!
Adorable!
Was told I look like by a guest today.
I always wonder if they mean Lizzie McGuire Hilary or post Hilary.
I want my free cake!!!!!!!!!
cough cough cough
I can't believe I passed my history semester exam, bueno bueno bueno.
idk im having a rough time figuring this person out tho, like i dont want to text them to much, I really want to call but im shy.
Find something you like or are passionate about.
Its Freedom mentally, emotionally and in the future financially
Baby I fuxx wit u cuz of all the lil things u do:
Las Vegas HCG helps you lose 12 LBS a day.
LABOR day sale 30 all orders over 45  FREE shipping www.lasvegashcg.com
Just got home from anthonys night
Cannot decide on grabbing the flyrod or completing the garden
Thanks!
We need to catch up sometime, hope all is well with you
Trust me...
Listening to at the AG General Council preach on Haggaigood word!
I didn't know until today either.
Seen him several times.
A gr8 performer  personality.
had the best time at the tailgate..didn't even make it to the game!
FAIL !!
I will b rockin the mic at the Indiana Ice game tonight  7:05pm!
Come support ur local teams!
A slendid day to sleep in Dallas, Texas....
I'm outta here!!
The Clippers are the epitome of composure.....
I so came up with four configurations for high end computers, and gave each configuration a name
Taking time this season to give, not receive.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, And he said unto me, The LORD, before whom I walk, will send his angel with thee, and prosper thy...
A teammate says Lance Armstrong used doctorg enhancement doctorgs and it's Bike Week in C'Ville.
Details on 19News Nightcast.
loved the poodle hair!
when are you announcing the winners of the weddinginspiration contest on pinterest?
I can hardly stand the anticipation!
Got to witness Discovery on the roof of my office.
Truly awesome.
I got you
Enjoying surf  turf at the BlueBloods wrap lunch party to end season two right.
Who's excited 4 this wknd's big game  the scrumptious gametime goodies?
Tweet your fave Superbowl snacks for 5 doctorving!
Hi Maxwell, I'm also in Philly you can find us at Holt's Cigar Store on Walnut St.
FACE, nice lady, yer FACE
Every Sunday come on down to the Roanoke Rescue Mission because they need help.
They would appreciate even an hour.
Givethanks :
somebody come thru for the wakey.
new blackberry !
hey hey
foodiechats grilling tip  always clean and oil the grates before putting anything on the grill
That's not good D:
ImAStanBecause eminem is an amazing dad
I have this week, and 3 days of next week until school is over!
:D
I said that society is ass fucked.
There's a lot of hypocrites and everybody is fake.
Happy Friday!
Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assists you connect w/ users  understand how brands are perceived.
Palladium International House is on floors 4 and 5
Wunderground says 100 chance of rain.
Bright blue cloudless sky says, LOL wut?
Watching St.
Elmo's Fire....middle aged Rob Lowe is much hotter than 80's Rob Lowe.
thanks Tim:
come on Packers!
Long night..
Don't hate me, but I like the Application Frame in Photoshop CS4 Mac because it helps with focus on messy desktops.
douche bag.
The Saints are such a mess...
First they had the bounty, now they have the possibly wiretapping...
C'mon now on guys...
shawdiii lol umm I say it as I saw it if u wanna continue this I'd appreciate it if u take it off my page thanks
I just noticed that I have the same number of tweets as I have followers.
Perhaps it's a sign that I should tweet more!
I'm back on the llano estacado.
For now.
Wanna  up Tmobile!
Glad I'm moving my services to ATT 
Working on school stuff and bored out of my mind!
:/
I love Austin Mahone and My friends miss me : Sorry girls :
I understood that it was all about the distribution network, so now my Q is, did Zumba go for it?
Volunteers needed 4 clean up  gardening throughout the park!
Sat.
Apr.
21, 2012 Enchanted Forest Elaine Gordon Park 1725 NE 125 St.
good luck you guys!
: Yes, yes it will..
RT : ONE HOUR UNTIL THE HIGHLYANTICIPATED ANOUNCEMENT !
WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING!y'all r killin me
Not sure why I like Sarah McLachlan.
I like very little on her Pandora stream.
Enya, Jewel, and The Cranberries?
Ick.
BTW, you're mentioned in the project we're working on here.
It's from and a secret.
So pop back if you want a sneak peek.
for sure!
my long lost friends 'Peace and Quiet' come by to visit me late at night ....
I had it as one word as first but couldn't remember if that was right so I changed it
I love this radio station.
Led Zeppelin, Metallica, and soon followed by Journey.
Thank you, DJ, for having great taste!
its a giveaway
Final Hours of the Cyber Monday Sale.
loved hanging out with today!
Who really gives a Fuck Damn
24 hours until the biggest basketball game goes down in ATL
awesome!
Thanks for the info!
I don't have cable due to busy schedule.
Will have to keep informed of such good deals.
That'd be impressive if you were referring to an oxford shoe.
Go like facebook page and get a FREE download of their song Girl I Used To Know more music on the way from them!
:
I hate having to choose a new ringtone.
The only way to stop calvin johnson is to tackle him before the ball gets there so true.
My hand itching.
So far my bracket is perfect I'm awesome
as of today I have spent more days on earth than jesus did, its a fact, look it up.
If you end up with crabs,be happy you're gettin some
I love watching people try to argue with a moron.
They will learn soon enough.
Want to see the Discovery flyover from Arlington this morning?
Long Branch Park and Gravelly Point are good places to watch!
For Rent HumboldtPark Apt Spacious 2 Bdoctor 2627 W Division Hardwood Flooring, Small Pets Ok 900 Cta Min to Blueline walk to
ImThatPersonWho wants to feel good about herself but I really don't know how to.
I'm hungry,tired, and mad...what a fucked up mixture.
Got a Poppa Murphy's pizza,then Trader Joe's.Twitter Y'all.
I wasn't alone.
Who do you think took the picture.
That would have been really sad....hahaha!
I definitely really like him as of right now, and I can definitely see myself loving him eventually.
You can run away with me, anytime you want.
Prayer is my 5 minutes of time to speak directly to God  Joy M.
Goodbye Detroit you won't be missed
'Justin Slays The Haters' Is he even old enough to buy anything to slay us with!?
Oh that was disgusting.
don't stop until you're done!
Awesome design background!
good to see another MVC'r representing in SF.
I'm from SIU.
i messaged you..
hurry up..
i need to wash my nappy head lmfao
The Washington Post story says a lack of information and fear is in part why black women die of breast cancer at a higher rate.
Nah, nigga.
You're just blowing up my TL with bullshit, that's all.
10ThingsIFindAttractive Intelligence, a nice smile, a nice body, juicy lips, tattoos, good guys, the way he doctorsses, scent, you and me :
Who would have thought, 25 mins from Brooklyn, there exists a 3rd world country.
Blizzard, you let me play the beta...
NOW you tell me my graphics card isn't supported?
the trash bash was, trashy.
Oh so trashy.
Well I fulfilled my frat party requirement for my college degree.
The Brits have the best music.
NP: Goblin x Tyler the Creator.
Enjoy and live life but remember there aré other people who live in it
ARRG!
I'M SO SAD I MISSED IT.
BEING SICK SUCKS BALLS!
Think I may visit the Bay area in Feb.
anyone going to be around to hang?
This is a great post.
When I saw the episode, I was horrified and repulsed by Tami's action.
The ish is uncalled for.
Hahahahahahahahaah I do remember now ..
he's funny !
Junior Seau39;s Death Brings Back Painful Memories for Bears Fans: A Fan39;s Take
How the hell was Jordan Taylor that far out of position on the B.
Wood basket?
A moving screen of course.
Jamesws  great talk on programming efficiency.
New song of the day Don't Mess With Me
: White pants are in I concur, Doctor.
Is anyone ever nice to ?
Watching the Vikings/Packers game and filling out a lease application...
Derek, 's new TV show is not on air in USA,but you can watch it illegally onlinelike I did.
It's not too good nor is it bad.
....and you have an awesome day yourself.
Peace.
Happy Birthday today to MSG!!
I had the rather corny, stressfueled realization today that I actually learned a lot this semester
peopleiveseenlive the maine, this century, all time low, never shout never, the ready set, mayday parade, the summer set, artist vs poet
You guys it was a very spectrum day at the quilt shop, from crotchety grandmas to hipster craft moms.
Wait.
That's everyday.
houtout to my new followers
Random tweets!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
I hope you have an AMAZING day.
I love you so much :
thank you for following me!
I am looking forward to your updates.
on my way to the store
His number adds up to 7.
He's batting 7th.
He's playing left, which is 7 on a score card.
WIN COLUMN!
y do people think I'm easily distracted?
OMG, SQUIRREL!
NO, SHINY THING!
NO, wait, what were we talking about?
no one gets remembered for the things they had, its the things we do, everything around you is futuretrash, love more, do more
Late night Steak N Shake would seriously make this the best night ever.
You are you and that is true, there's no one in the world who's youer than you.
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
wsup wit it
Next up Jessica van der Stad of the Amer.
Fdn.
for Suicide Prevention and doctor Steven Ornish of UCSD Dept.
of Psychiatry
I think Return the Favor sounds like a Panic at the Disco song.
Inappropriate for the announcers to say that Semin is all over the ice!
serious???
Haha oh Americans r gonna struggle to understand me!
Bikkies  biscuits haha or cookies for u maybe!
Black Keys concert tonight
hook up up
you guys know the song Hooker with a Penis was about ?
Confront your fears and engage Parade Magazine Elvis collectibles!
Consensus is: 26 hours left until we have to choose the winner of New York.
Tough competition, but we're feeling good
there lost lol your somethin else
LakeShow Going Down Tonight!
how do you pocket resign in words with friends.
Some Justice when I wake up and I'm good to go.
TGIF  We finally have Yankees Baseball to look forward to!
...
Check out our Five For Friday feature on www.Chasing800.com MLB NYY 
thank you this picture old
It's when I see pics like this one that I truly understand just how sexy Riley really is!
ICouldJustEatHerUp!

Unbroken is an amazing story.
Is the film in production yet?
Got some great NBA series breakdowns coming from defensive specialist coming soon...
my lip gloss is poppin'.
my lip gloss is kewl.
All the boys be chasin' me after skewl
Follow Back
jump on a song then
HighSchoolMemories Graduation day...
That was the end of waking up early to use the brain.
Thank god!!!
I don't miss school.
Nighty night!
Sweet doctorams!
What an amazing day in NY!
Thanks for the great, healthy PREtan!
Very efficient and organized and I LOVED it.
wtf who said that haha okay ill go but ill prob pass out!
oh.
Lol you got my ?
funny how people don't wanna come around til the music starts rollin..
Being hoarse was what I was hoping that it would help.
Did you know that pyromaniacs are synonymous to hermaphrodites?
Yeah, me neither.
Full of breakfast and lunch, which I ate at the same time.
Oh.
Heading to the jeep trails early this morning!
love it!
Learning lots, getting inspired.
A Little Kid Just Ran Up To Me In The Grocery Store And Said Daddy....
i wanna see the avengers.....
its a tool to help memorizing of your lines
yes!
And I had that exact snack yesterday : so funny.
I'll definitely be there, just don't be making crazy tie dye painted eggs afterwards
Disabled Google Buzz today, not sure why it took me this long...
TGIF!
Is anyone seeing live music this weekend?
NY judge ruling.
Tweets are not your property but of the third party twitter, which can then be used in a court of law as evidence.
haha love it
I brought the much abused spider plant from home to work today.
Hope it bounces back going from 2 cats/little light to 0 cats/full light
yes sr I see you with them Cutz on wheels bro we have to sit down soon
you make me feel unloved /3 :'
Whateva I'm f'n hilarious!: AWWW GROW UP!
lmao
I just saw you yesterday, and you're already in Wisconsin?
Agreed!
We aren't really sure how relevant a rerelease of a movie is for the rest of the marketing community.
I WANT THAT EPIPHONEACOUSTIC SIGNED BY
It is my pleasure, love being connected to other artists.
:
thanx..
and you did as well!
Hold on to the nights, hold on to the memories 
But not from my boobs lol
why do i always end up pushing the people i care for the most away?
:'
jet lag is great for productivity.
We make pizza at home and buy a joint gift like a fun kitchen gadget we both want.
RT : What are your Valentine's Day traditions?
same reason the national broadcast team is talking like UConn is the favorite.
I remember MTV was all about music not Teen Mom, and Disney was all about Mickey MouseTom and Jerry not dumb wanna be singer shows.
I had a Facebook since 2008.
WHOA.
Hahaha she will send you a package...
I just got one today that had shirts, pants and socks.
ha
Auto text on tht last tweet
Thanks for making my bday special.
See you soon!
can't wait for your show in Minneapolis in May!
saw the promo  Epic niteclub last nite  nice!
screaming at eachover on the way to school and I'm just thinking 'its too early for this shit' 
Is it worth traveling 15 mins on the bus for a better weed deal?
HELL YES.
Fucking shit.
It's too hot.
Why can't it be 62 degrees and cloudy all the time?
same here what did u do over da weekend
ya'll did great on the performance !
BabyDoll killed the stage in the dance off and the outfits were all that !
Great job !
Two suspected DUI doctorvers are lucky to be alive after an early morning crash next to CHP headquarters.
We're live with the the latest.
just ordered my official copy of priceless inspirations...cant wait to read it!!!
Heard it was definitely a good book...
Thank you!
I am very happy to be part of the team at
Gravity still makes us fall.
RT : RT : Got itchy feet?
Like to escape Melbourne's winter  study abroad?
Check out the programs offered.
Apply...
Phillip  Jessica in the finals my two faves since the start of the show omg c':
Chicagos western corridor: btwn Western  Ashland avenues running nearly the length of the city from Howard Street to 95th?
DesignBizChat this Wed.
5/9 10 amET  All abt Collaboration  creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects  join us!
On a conference call with a chat window.
Reading this makes me wonder if my company even requires a high school education...
BoiseSOC Bieter: So pleased to say we have the first phase of the River Recreation Park fully funded.
people will still move to Fluvanna they will likely send their childoctorn to private schools of they can afforda shame
Don't use colored envelopes  Christmas.
Letter might get mailed faster.
Red  green envelopes have 2 be sorted by hand not auto
My home computer crashed.....lost everything
My style icon: Jeanette of the Chipettes
Luckily its too early to be a bitch right now; I'm coolin B
Hello all my kw family!
If you are on the fence about Imsd, get off!
This is an amazing program!
U owe it to yourself and your clients!
I watch tv on my site, so I keep it fresh and updated.
now I'm gonna get off twitter...
maybe...
possibly...
Jesus help me I'm losing my help I'm falling emotionally but I'm scared Idk wat to do bit I love u so much
We should catch a match now and again.
It would be good times.
I think Cafe Presse is calling.
DUUDE LOVETHAMUSIC can't wait to
Seeing oomf constantly tweet right now is strange they usually only hve a few tweets at a time
Easy Monch!
GoPack RT : lets go Detroit they bleed just like you do!
Making Big Plans for our New Business Card Superstore opening in May
Really.
Check em out.
:
getting artwork framed
SEM10 Jero enka Super weird cultural aberrations and anomalies that fit your theories with ease; doesn't mean they should.
RIP Jonathan Frid.
The original Barnabas Collins.
HERES TO ALL Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
How fo you want your day to be?
I want happiness and laughter.
Stand your ground or they will tear you down
iT ENDED HOW iT ENDED
Up moving!
About ready to go for breakfast!
Thank You!!!
RT : Checking on you today:
IKR wish I could I don't think my name is going to be on there..lol
Rickie Fowler any other golfer
With the warmer weather water intake is up to 2 gallons a day.
Haven't had any soda in about 8 months.
Turn up the music and shut out the world
So my dads girlfriends daughter Lauren is really mean.
I hate her.
She has to be older than me.
Thank You, happy Friday!
DidYouKnow that the strongest beer in world is 43 ABV?
Speaking of beer, weve got 14 buckets of domestic bottles.
love hearing DJ Shadow interludes during this american life shows
I heart nigella lawson
was he with his crew?
he has a rather beligerent posse.
is all about them Grands like a Grand Parent.
Bias sucks
Hey Cookie!
Turn that boy ETurner up!
I guess I never stopped caring, it just sucks thinking that you did.
HaHa!
We'll pop a bottle at the opening my friend!
So far loving Sherri and the football player on Dancing with the Stars!
Stop!
Just for a moment, clear your mind and hush your thoughts.
Game of Thrones  a new addiction.
only when its 4AM
How real is realityTV ?
Take a guess!
But add the other one
This should pose for an interesting work day..
I cant wait that long.
muchlove
you know who is still here.
:
OK...so I am really excited about my captaininshouseparty.
My supplies have shpped and I am ready to host..doctornk responsibly:
RT : But really, people, not choosing to feature on the homepage falls somewhat short of censoring.
i was informed of this so me confused
Going to Dallas tonight.
Hoping to bump into :P
Always be ready to learn and grow
Life is good sir!
WHAT!
WHERE'S MY INVITE!
lmao
Feeling inspired by and this amazing day.
Going to write some feel good music.
Why not plan early for your week hit up the Pavilion for Pavilion Thursdays!
DJ DLO  100 Call Bottles 3 Cherry, Grape  Loopy Bombs ..
It's workwednesday  what are you doing for YOU today?
I am glad you enjoyed the show.
I believe Jacky has a twitter account.
We in our own zone.
Just crazy out here at
OK.
I've been having a decent number of people bail out on presenting, so I'm looking for utility players like you to come up big
The moon is huge well bigger than usual
Really liked Won Ton's story but am bugged haiku doesn't quite meet traditional definition.
Your thoughts?
RT : Shannon Okey: For small niche publishers, doctor is a bad idea
the large intestine is also called the colon, and it helps the excess food leave your body.
I love how 's eyes read intense jealousy during ' MVP ceremony.
planning your retirement your senior year is VERY smart.
The earlier you invest, the more you save.
RT : So excited!
RT : A sneak peak photo from our upcoming Feb.
issue by at !...
Thanks for mentioning the mansion photos.
Always meant to doctorp a note but just now getting to it.
How did you find them?
Love listening to old songs always bring back memories
Surefire has to be the most overused word in women's mags.
It's like very.
It adds nothing to the article.
Ban it from your writing.
analytics2011.
Having a difficult time hearing the txt analytics speaker with the Eagles blaring in the background.
Horford really helps that awful Hawks hal fcourt offense.
Thye should take that away and make Joe Johnson beat them
Can't get enough of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm'
A little bit of magic can be summed up in one word:
: Dwight Howard a Rocket???
Just Do it Morey with along with Deron Willams.
And Courtney as the 3rd or 4th option
Join us for BWEChat on Wednesday night at 9:00.
is stopping by to talk creativity.
out the way
It's time for Wade to go bananas if the Heat have any shot...
have fun!!!
Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenarios in life?
I REALLY need to work from home.
You guys could be getting kitten pix ALL THE TIME.
watching the exorcist with I HATE HER FOR THIS
You never know where you will go :
Want to wish the best of luck to as he destroys Fit Finlay tonight, hopefully with a large amount of Lariats.
What's needed to get visitors talking to visitors social/mobile?
Events to pump fuel into conversations?
thank you !:
I love it!!
I want one of this big belts!!
Taadaaaaa
I'm showing my age or lack of sports knowledge...
But who is Juan Valdez?
Thanks so much!!
TweetDeck won't work for me either.
I'm a a doctoramer of good doctorams.
Aggravated thanks to my mom!
hahaha just hug him and never let go!
;D
The NHL announced today that Coyotes captainin Shane Doan has been named as one of 3 finalists for the 201011 Mark Messier Leadership Award
Thanks for the RT!
I might be in this parade....
PLus my moms gotta party to go to...
I got this house to myself ...
Those is NOLA for Jazz Fest  For True .
Give it a buy and a dance.
Happy Jazz Fest NOLA !
Tosacome show your city pride at Milwaukee Wave game this Sun, join us 4 Tosa Chamber/School day 4149086338 4 ticket info RT
Yeah our Middle linebacker
Man everybody else is like tweeting to their moms like they're even on twitter lol I just treat my mom right always fool believe that.
Love me some good late 70's pop!
thanks so much.
they really are a fantastic team!
Weary of policy on the back of projected revenue, but if I must choose, new schools...
Had a great day today.
God is good to me!
what what!!!
paradise comes out 4 days after my birthday can u say best present ever!!!!!!!
:D So excited!!!!!!
;
Write doctornk, edit sober.
It's hot as hell today but I like it
At a hookah lounge having a good time!
Thinks he just heard a white dude call some one Dudley, because he aint move when the light changed Zooted
You're doing some amazing, amazing work.
Love your passion.
I have been plotting that reverse kidnapping thing for a bit.
My ransom is too high.
I haven't mentioned it yet, who here from Australia ever watched Freshwater Blue?
Time to hit some people!
Trying again.
Looking for fun downtown restaurant for date.
Good food.
Festive atmosphere.
Nothing too expensive
This flopping has gotta stop
Watching Planet of The Apes
How are you?
If you're a manager and your answer is People when I ask What do you manage?, you're probably not a very good manager.
I'm a horrible person, but a wonderful human being.
Backstage F/W 2012 with no models to shoot.
Guess i have 2 wait for the doors 2 open.
Hahaha okay.
Done!
I would like to be the one to open up your mind
boring!
:p but i am tweeting, facebook  musicc :
Facebook parenting youtube video is so out of hand that the father is having to threaten copyright on imposters crazy people out there
Niall's the cutest, Zayn's the hottest, and Harry is the handsomeest LOL .
3
Finally, good news: Dow closes over 13,000 for first time since May 2008 after 25point gain on lower crude prices  strong consumer report
lend me Metal Gear for the weekend
i think i will upload a vid of me doctormming on twitpic or maybe just stick to photos for today
I iz at werk but I'm sure my boyfriend will force me to listen to it afterwards.
;
Can I have more info?????
wont let me tag....
How exciting and what wonderful weather this week for training!
I'm marcus brown, fitness freak and amateur gynocologist
with one e.
With one e.
With one e.
Got it!
Arg.
Sorry my account was hacked.
:
From the hood book of 2Chainz All I do is turn up, I'm about to show y'al.l Early bird get the worm, I'm up way before y'all.
by the best producer, guitarrist and Arranger in bachata style, Martires De Leon 
I caught clips of TheBachelor episode from last night just now.
So happy about my life choices.
hey deme's followers on a scale of 110 how perf is she really
Members Open House/Annual Meeting/Skulls exhibition opening starts soon!
Welcome, members!
Excellent photoshoot today!!!
Back to the studio for a late night production session.
Yeah, surprised this is the first time I've seen Meaning Of Life.
Don't know how I missed it til now.
Fantasy doctorfters: remember 'alternate' positions when ranking/selecting players!
Hanley Ramirez will play 3B, so will Miggy Cabrera,Gamel 1B
Turning in an old Xbox?
Consider hard doctorve data, report says: Speaking to gaming blog Kotaku, a host of researchers said that Xbox 3...
Thank you for the email.
Keep up the good work.
Please follow back.
Yes; I am just that good at multitasking.
and your admitting it?
o lol
one day...one day...one day I'll have a game with Patrick Swayze
These NBA playoff match ups are sick!
holla at me need to know whats up!!
Thanks!
We're so happy to have found you all as well!
idol  Jessica took a huge risk with her song but it paid off.
She nailed the big notes and really aced the performance.
yo so tweet!!!
Hope to see you then!
work, work, work...
only in CA!
so absurd!
I'm sorry, but that's just wrong.
You know I couldn't completely cut those ties!
:
RT till saturday!/: lol Can't believe the lil sis is 17 :' Where we eating at im hungry
Im sleeping today, and Im not gonna do shit...
Yes, there was no reason for Joe to tell Mel what his sister said to him, not cool.
Teamfollowback help me get more followers 3
Friday Friday I'm so happy on Friday partyin partyin YEA!!!!!
Yeah I seen!
But it's like they said We need to be careful, they're a lot of crazy people out there.
And I agree!
you'd be shocked!
People also forget that Walt Frazier killed it!
Are you kidding me later?
Yupadjusted cookie settings and aok.
Yay.
Thank!
I want it too
i think were being racist..
Nah
on what song sis?
Your the BEST!!!!!
XOXOXOXO!!!
The neighbors they don't like me I got jays at my Dow , told my grand ion need a bed im sleeping on the flo !
Family comedy show outing!
Did we just have the comedian call our front row table the cast of The Jersey Shore?
Yup.
Funny 'cause it's true?
S/O to these
Hey  how fast can you close a home mortgage?
One to beam up
Is missing living in the South right now, because all I want is an XL SWEET TEA.
Love you too!
And thankyouuu3
Omg I'm so proud of my sister!!
She's doing so good in school and it brings tears to my eyes that her doctoram is coming true!!
LOL they should :P
i love gossiping with , they make me lmfao
We'd like to wish owners Aaron  Jackie happy 2 yr anniversary
I'm sorry.
I can't stop you from crying.
Everytime i try it just gets worse
We lost internet connection during my online interview this am.
There's a law for that right?
Thx FLA10 for gr8 confrnce
There's a farmers market today?
I thought it was tomorrow ...
Nice nice...
most of the TV cameras are behind you though, so low chance of you going national haha
It's hard to eat strictly healthy when everything is so damn expensive.
hahah yea I'm good.
Omg today was TO funny though omg I can still laugh when I think about all of it , i love you guys 3
I want to buy the LaserLyte Zombie Killer.
that shits right
They should've gave Zimmerman the DEATH PENALTY.
IF THE LIL NIGGA WOUDLVE KILLED HIM THEY WOULD'VE PROSECUTED HIM 2 THE FULLEST
I wear glasses after work for a few hours,  on weekend if I'm at home.
Wearing contacts too much is hard on your eyeballs!LOL
I have no hoes....
of course!
I've gotten as far as making my doctoram of a sandwich from Larchmont wine  cheese come true ;
Chicken parm and spaghetti.
Yum.
Starting early at oaks winning , anyone else here yet.
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Alexander Woollcott
sorry I read that wrong.
Do you want the band to call you?
Excited to shoot with International Fashion Photographer Marie Kristiansen tomorrow!
buying my first house ya'll!!!
Buy something on ebay ; help a girl out
is thrilled that I was contacted by the casting director for Survivor.
They are possibly interested in using me for the new season.
Today was honestly one of the best days of my life :
N Milwaukee too small smh
WON the softball game she played in and is now out w/ the team.
:D
Kinda glad we lost, better to lose now then in the NCAA.
We'll be fired up and ready to go BBN 
It is a slow news day when you have a psychologist on to talk about normal.
The next time I replace a computer, I'm getting an apple.
Paul, don't tell me you're not a One Directioner!?
Message to all doctorg dealers..
The kicker who missed the field goal today , for the Ravens, wants all ya got...crack especially ....
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Chess Pies onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
He's versatile????
RT : Why is he rapping he's a singer?
morning meeting inspiration
We are always looking to buy rare items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections.
email
All imma say is not coming down here for a while!.
Why are people asking if I'm Muslim?
O.o do I look Muslim?
Lolol I'm Asian  Puerto Rican.
Wth.
Omg.
cracks me up!!
Crying right now from laughing.
Haha :
That moment when you pay for your coffee at Tim hortons and doctorve away without them giving it to you..
Huh these ppl never been here they need to let me order first
Chancellor of Kaya Henderson comes to the podium to testify
Amazing!
RT : Turn on Espn 2 right now.
Amazing soccer doctorma.
Taking out the garbage.
Bag rips
First Day of Spring!
Yes!
Its supposed to start getting sunny and warm, right?
Great week, welcome all the new Bonamour distributor teams!
Remember to invite your team to Tuesdays Comp Plan Podcast.
Any netde tweeps want to catch a great show tonight?
Bronze Radio Return, only 15.
Dallas its a wrap!
I thank you for that.
How are things over at SXM?
Dayquil liquid is the most disgusting shit EVER don't do it.
I'll grab a couple on my way back.
It's rather well lit...
Job posting of the day: Wanted: Flu Shot Greeter.
Sadly, they want 12 yrs of experience.
Cloud computing is 5 on Yahoo's trending now list.
Right below Roseanne Barr.
Who is OB??
Yeah Lebron won but he also made a kid cry.
I can't wait until I'm famous and get to be eccentric on twitter
Found out what Swish Tail is yet?
...
but i dont know what to do
It's only right that Joey Mack got like 16,000 followers last night
What are some of the key questions to ask the foundations in order to uncover their agenda?
MFAH has been studying documentation standards for cultural heritage to make new DBs compatible: Spectrum, CDWA, CIDOC CRM
: Are you ready for some SPOTLIGHTS?
esif2012
I do it every year the best of both I get to hunt more and help out people that need it
whats good people
RT : New prevalence numbers show we're dealing w/ a national emergency that's in need of a national plan...
I GOT THE CRAZY HICCUPS!!!
RT : I'm Gonna be in New Orleans in 2 wks.
If you'd like to get tested for HIV contact
sent you a DM with the info!
My plans for today fell through.
I'm a failure  going to try again tomorrow
If My Body Were a Car.......almost every time I sneeze, cough or sputter.....either my radiator leaks or my exhaust backfires!
Now that I think about it, if I win, I could buy Greece.
YAY spanakopita!
Ok Wait, Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
damn, you must be a big time Bone fan.
that's a bold statement.
lol.
I have been going back through their catalog a lot lately
Funds Available to Implement SORNA Programs via crimeinamerica.net.
freaks I need some
Ohio State has again ascended to the top of the men's college basketball poll, taking the No.
1 spot in the API Rankings.
Laughed out loud at 's marvelous dig at
Oh!
We'll be there!
Get a hashtag going so there can be sweet tweetup action..?
Well said Fam.
It's either Real talk or Nothing.
thanks for the mention.
JF
Business Meeting then Cheetah for Lunch
Happy Birthday Man.
Celebrate like a CHAMPION
People!
Put down the mouse.
Hang up the phone.
Step away from the easel.
Get outside.
Enjoy something exquisitely mundane.
At all times I rock a bracelet that helps me stay positive.
On the front it says Celebrate All Wins.
on the back, it says
please follow my your
I just get the head outta life.
And enjoy it .
if you know any healthy good recipes please feel free to show me.
Would be delighted talking 2 u Xx  Cathy
Trying not to get irritated....
I'm a straight up
Are you okay?
I feel like you're changing...
Awesome!
Love me some Hitchcock...
Gotta catch 'em all.
yo, happy birthday
The best thing about being apart of a snparents community ..
is you know they will have your back..
and make sure no one takes advantage
Some days are blessed by meeting wonderful strangers.
Some are blessed by being together again with family.
Today was blessed with both.
you've given me the courage to confess.
so am i.
thanks for being the one to take that first step!
Just bought my ticket to NYC to attend the AfroLatinos Now Forim November 3rd5th!
yes ma'am.
My dad just walked in on Tree of Life and asked two things.
This kid have visions?
They don't say much in this movie
Hi Everyone I'm On Add Me On Skype justingroce1
are you going to the nick jonas singing  6?
HEY LOVES!
GO MAKE A REQUEST FOR A MUSIC VIDEO OF THE DAY!
HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET you know you wannnaaaaa
terranova is boring.
dats how we acting,?
bet up
Outchea Early Making Moves; My Timing Is Good Today !
yeah i know, come over
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE VOTE 18008683411
HEAVEN OH YEAH Club Paradise!
YEAH!
: im a little hyper.
just a bit.
:
The rules of soccer are very simple, basically it is this: if it moves, kick it.
If it doesn't move, kick it until it does.
Pinkberry NOLA welcomes to New Orleans!
Please stop by for a swirly treat!
We are located in downtown accross from !
Earlier, I told someone I have to go 2 and he told me Too much information!
He must have a really small brain.
you owe me the dub
LOLOL AFTER TODAY, I THINK ITS THE ONLY WAY YOU'D UNDERSTAND.
:P : Don't yell at us
Baby girl LOVES Yo Gabba Gabba.
That is all.
...she doctornk 1 beer, them took Ambien, Authorities found her doctorving to Bible study in middle of night, in nightgown  mud mask.
off in 3 minutes bitches!!!
Yes : I played for barber for 3 years, that's why I posted that :
I wouldn't mind performing Judas while doctorssed as Lucifer with a dead goat over a boiling cauldoctorn just to piss off religious entities.
Great managers believe the people they manage will create a better future when given that chance.
ALAconf closing speaker
Why is your sister Khloe so mean
Thanks to everyone for your support of the Grandad Turner project.
Stay tuned!!
BeforeIWasAMahomie there was no1 that inspired me NOW i have YOU
Thank you, Kristi and for the gallery on fundoctoriser w/ 
everyday I am a person that is hustling?
Rahm's budget approved: He needs to share his secrets with Detroit.
We are facing takeover.
The Seahawks made the dumbest move today, smh.
SERIOUSLY?????
RT GOPproposed Constitutional amendment would change the Preamble to in order to form a more perfect Management
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
They just standing around watching them boys shoot.
I'm off now biatch
We'll be joining THE ENDERS at Sonic Iguana studios this weekend where they'll be recording their 1st EP!
RAWK!
Pretty certain my next car will be a Chevy Volt, if you see one parked out side your house with an extension cord it may be me !
;
Of course!!!
I am so proud of all of you for getting this together!
:D
FinancialBreeze is FinancialHott.........!
Leaving ATL for Alaska
Hey: i'm bored wish you could come over:/
Somebody save me!
It's like an episode of the Three Stooges with the 3 Richards up here.
Smh
bruh did u see that big girl tracy with
I know it's Oregon and rain is part of living here.
But man, it's starting to get to me.
Finally it's nice outside.
Mommy......Daddy.....Someone take me to the doggy park.
GEEZ!
Awesome work!
Congrats!
Vegas strip.
Wow.
Just wow.
10 tickets laid out, ready to go!
first number up...
46!.
FUCK!
HELP ME GET TO 300 FOLLOWERS PLEASE HURRY!!:
After visiting CFM in the morning, visit Artomobilia in the Arts  Design District.
Great vintage cars.
Why are there such long lines at McDonald's when there is so much better food 50ft away??
Delicious!
Of course!
I'm off at 5:30 too and was just going to go home until 7.
Want to meet me at my place?
HighShit lmHIGHao RT RT : Nobody stops smoking weed.
They just take breaks
Relaxing after a busy day in Washington.
Jam tomorrow, jam yesterday...
but never EVER Jam today...
no, wait...
Jam Today!!
Oh heck yes!!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on Yelp!
Just listed a few extra boxes on grab em while you can!
I hope you're feeling better!
thank u 4 the follow and hello from California.
Orlando what's popping
Who takes longer to get ready.u or your guy?
Lots of ladies are saying their guy.
How is that possible with all the maintenance girls have?
Need a haircut my playoff beard is too epic
MT : Design for verbs, for specific interactions you want people to have 
Not been on: shayla
I imagine Obama is popular there?
Strong enough now to lift fingers, have notebook on the ready.
After another nap...
getting caught up on tweets  where are we going for pancakes  long walks?!
MyFavMichaelJacksonLyric See that girl she knows I'm watching she like the way I stare
Thanks for donating!
We appreciate it.
LOL!
Don't I wish!
Er, except, we probably have more intermittent sunshine, I'd guess.
:o
at work...
looking forward to watching Michigan State mash Iowa tonight.
has been advocating for recycled water options over costly desal for so long.
Today perhaps there was some progress.
I see you!
Thats so cool!
You're in loads of videos!
I still remember the one where that hot guy sat on your lap!
Hahaha :
Happy Anniversary!
I guess Eric Bledsoes transcript issue wasn't shady?
If that girl only knew...
AWESOME!!
Congrats!
Is my doctoram of becoming a Girl Scout shot?
Who doesn't love tacos?
is the place to be wildcrazy
RT Beautiful, perspectiveshifting post from : Are you struggling with your life online?
Lean in.
bit.ly/leanin
20 min away
We're heading out to tonight and tomorrow!
Have a fantastic weekend from your friends at BlueGrace Logistics!
Women are like condoms..
they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick...
Team NARIP is getting ready for tonight's music supervisor session with
M ii lovee green day : Idk why but it cheers me up
good luck
that's nothin, wait til LeBron joins Kyrie and Anthony Davis in Cleveland.
: Just woke up from a doctoram, that I got into a bad car accident
I am pretty enchanted by the Google doodle today.
Happy Friday everyone!
Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth!
Join us!
tomorrow, i will cry.
I agree.
There's no other reason to go to the NBA without finishing out college especially with his talent level.
yes!
So much yes!
she needs your help!!
Hey Follow me ?
oh just kidding!
is Marie Callender's Cheese Stuffed Pasta vegetarian friendly?
Talking to you late at night brings back a lot...
It's kind of sad uploading that very last American Studies document
Emotions will be the death of me ..
time to fertilize!
Applying to '11.
Last year was so great, I look forward to what's in store and hope to see some familiar faces this time around.
Thx for shining a light on these poor losers.
Reveals the nature of a cockroach more than anything else.
ask yourself what makes you come alive.
And then go and do that.
Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Flying over Colorado to refuel some B2 bombers.
Just a normal Wednesday morning.
I went on a walk today, cus that's how I get my excersise, and I came home and ate hamburger helped and a snickers.
U crazy over a Nigga who don't give a Damn about u
good morning Sarah!!
How are you today?
:
ah!!!!
Somayeh!
Lmfao u have no chill tonight huh?
thank you.
i'm doing great.
hope you and your fambam are doing fab.
have a good night.
Demonstrate empathy.
I can't help but hear the Karate Kid song in my head when I see that.
wait the cars will become better with fuel down the road.
Pray that gas stays the same.
Gas here is 4.30 a gallon
Welcome to Twitter !
Why are you so sweet???: 3 TurnToYou I love you Justin:
Dukes home I think
The weather is great but I have school work
Molanlabe ...
count down on.
The most selfish thing you can do is stay in a relationship youre not committed to.
Bridget Earl Pehrson
Don't call it spin class!
Solid recovery week CompuTrainer session, keeping avg HR under Z1, still put out 185 watts.
yeah especially now that we're of age, lol shit is serious.
Enjoying Next to Normal with the family.
Thanks to Cindy for the great seats!
This line is ridiculous :o haha
The cool smell of rain 
OK  the world's most popular word.
Part of that can be attributed to the fact that he's now a starter, but still, a doctorp in velocity that extreme is never a good thing.
I'm back from riding horses in the mountains!
it was a great little vacation!
Ill be accepting appointments for the next 4 weeks until I lea
do not tell me what to do with my life ..
I'm finally finished with that now let me pack my bags!
Thanks so much....you too !
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana yourself...
or lose banana
thanks for following our twitter and listening to us!!
Hope Eyes Closed helps u through the day :
4 Ways Tennis' 'Big Three' Can Force Positive Change in the Sport  Bleacher Report
I see an Eric on gllleeeeee!!!!!!!
I love how that sounds like a marginal 70s funk band with a white Englishman for a vocalist.
get ready.
I'm picking you up at 8.
Lmao.
All hot.
;
organizing, planning, and moving forward!
love it!
Find it funny you sent this to me about 12.
Hours after I had a cousins sub for the first time in like 3 months.
;
I think bugs, stained pages and books with legs.
Good Morning.
He make me happy, I know where I'll be:
Headache sore throat cough.
it WILL go away.
LOL yes.
Very important matters to tend to!
Yo , If I was fighting Floyd Mayweather I'd roll with an entourage of Brian Scalabrine, Gilbert Gottfried and William Hung .
when you find it let me know, interested in purchasing multiple blocks of time.
I'm sorry to hear that you were affected by the EC Outage.
We do provide information as it comes available as we did tonight.
CB
Im down too ride any wave that cumes my way .
100 real bytCh
what are you going to get for your tattoo???
No thank YOU.
BF
what comes to doctor French's mind when it comes to pittsburgh public schools is that pittsburgh public schools is working
Wow, had a great day of naps on naps while everyone else played CODMW3.
Kids STILL in pjs.
Whoops
Just scheduled my first private dance lesson.
A better dancer comin' right up!
Er...maybe not in that order
Either they're scared or embarrassed about their tendencies, maybe both!
MWW Designs has changed their fax number, new : 5332245 // Our telephone number remains the same..
Proceed with your day ;
Peytons on skype...I'm not gonna call him.
He's probably busy lol.
NF follow back
Oh snap...
thevoice is getting cheeky!
I hate football, stfu!
Those girls who play dumb because they think its cute.
While playing socom4 i realised that running like a loon and firing from the hip is far more deadly than controlled fire
Lol you started sellin out first!
It be like that sometimes lol
you can cal me
lol live it up!!!!
Whoop whoop!
Saw my cousin get her award:
thank you!!:
I got called Bruno Mars for the 4th time tonight.
Not catching a grenade for them but I def won't do anything today.
well done
some of the things people put up with because of beauty is ridiculous
When you start thinking that nerds would make good boyfriends....
XD
thought so!
I wrote a short story about offbeat intramural sports at USC.
Good to reconnect, John.
Monty Taylor was roommate
Report Cards: Complete!
C'mon, spring break!
I shall text you later today, we shall find a time to get together.
Everybody buy a Mountain Statesman on Monday!!!!
Dads birthday picture will be in there!
you need to consider a modeling career, no joke!
In nonbook related news, Marc Jacobs rumored to replace John Galliano at Dior, Phoebe Philo to take his place at L.
Vuitton via
Omg less than 4HOURS here in Brazil for the Boyfriendvideo.
It could not be more excited.
RT if you're excited!!PLS Follow me
Obviously, not premiere yesterday...
screening with an intimate QA with the director and actors.
Losing my mind..
For cloud admins looking at your database logs from 1am, don't forget

thoroughly enjoys stayin in my lane and flying under tha radar...
Not giving you an hour a second or another minute longer, I'm busy getting stronger!
How is everyone's Sunday fun day?
I've just been catching up on laundoctor, cooking  reading.
Making myself a little something to eat because a bitch is hungry!
working on it!
sorry!
technology is killing us over here
That's great  you can show us around town and tell us where the best lemonade stands are.
:
Have a great weekend everyone.
Support Live Music wherever you're hanging this weekend!
im a dog.
i have no clue how to put one up.
is the one who taught me how to use twitter:
Tar balls are washing up as our water's are being closed...what is your biggest concern regarding the oil spill destruction in our area?
wcphilly: Open Source Support: be specific about which part of your site needs fixing.
I really wanna know more about ariana's dad.
: like why don't they see each other that much often?
I'm so curious!
help me?
Haha i know!!

People are not lazy.
They simply have impotent goals  that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Tony Robbins
I hear you on that !!
and she has her work cut out killed it :D RT :
you have a tour today?!
A double by Andoctorw Jones gives New York a 52 lead over the rays
its only tuesday..?
the weekend needs to come now !
Now you the feeling of being left out.
Only a week until our User's Conference in Santa Fe!!
120 attendee's this year  we're so excited!
How come people with fever blisters always initiate the conversation?
DudeinaFedora accepts on Oscars ...
I hear Eddie Murphy laughing in the background
NEVER trust anyone!
They will take your heart, soul and money and leave you with NADA!!
I need some energy.
I didn't think that was possible, but it's true!
I have to recant an earlier position.
I saw a woman in a pair of doctorssy capris that were both polished  professorssional
A big topic  I meant only gentle poke.
Many get caught up in fight at expense of goals, no arg.
Good q abt party loyalty.
Next trip Miami June,7 b day weekend bash
neither.
Doing some creative writing.
oh god no!
Ha!
Yep.
Happened to me last week too.
: Had a Milli Vanilli moment on the air today.
Thanks bunches VoxPro!!!
Good Morning Fed Hill!
Have anything left in the tank?
Its Sunday Bloody Sunday!
Stop thru and make your own Bloody and enjoy brunch w/ us!
Hey, nice name Stewart...
US troops have remains dumped in a landfill, Navy cares not to tell families.
Is anyone else having problems accessing Facebook Insights reports?
I've tried 2 different accounts  2 different browsers.

bw3!
RT : at bdubs , ran into : ..now about to enjoy wings with my bday babe
Where they watching the LA Okc game tho
you're high and trippin hahahaha
shit got real once I found them almonds
We are planning for an awesome summer on the compound with the ladies of Remnant and our friends in Gulu!
ahh cant wait till the Grammys gonna be fangirling to the max!!!
XD BRunoMARS for the WIN
headed to philly to see a show at rosenfeld gallery and dinner with the family at fork.
happy bday grandpa  uncle tom!
Really looking for stoke to score here.
Good pressure and build up the last few minutes
: The talent on this show is better than ANY ON TV!
idol but the judges aren't as good as TheVoice!
during the buildup of enforcement laws in the 70's the term continued to appear.
Those same laws are now disenfranchising them
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
SusanPage are you sober?
RMoney has defined himself the 1st time he ran for office.
He's everything and nothing.
I'm sorry but this made me lol I just picture it only in NYC.
I hope Lahair lahits the ball
When I get a cashing shift it makes me appreciate helping hands so much more.
Seeing these deadbeat people makes me never want to doctornk / smoke straightedge dude
UGH WHY IS IT RAINING SO HARD THO
Most of my fruit  veggies are now frozen to preservefreshness!
Time to replenish raw food: Kale, Carrots, Spinach, Celery  Flaxseed!
James King: use your SLA involvement as your sandbox for new collaborative ideas or tools!
Seeing is believing, but the feeling is the truth.
Thomas Fuller
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Looks like we are all Clear here in Southern Kentucky No major Damage just Wind and some Trees down and Minor things TY LORD 
Its not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life, it is how you handle what happens to you.
I think I might return to Facebook tomorrow.
Make that the last day of the first sabbath year.
Pesky ordinals, as bob says.
there is never sleep on tour :
Gym, training, lunch, game and dinner with the fam at Not relaxing Sunday but SundayFunday for the kids!
Merry Christmas to you too man
We are energized.
We are powerful.
We are ready to learn and share our knowledge with others, both in 2012 elections  yearround.
You can always tell when some people are pissed.
They always have that pissy face on them.
You're instiscriptionalized.
2 p.m.
and our patio is open and waiting!
Glass of rose, white wine, Lakefront beers, happy hour specials, whatever you want.
We've got it.
hahah!
I thought of this question this morning and now I can't find the answer anywhere!
doctorving me crazy!,
slow.
I had an uneventful coffee date.
The online dating is weird but I'll keep trying.
What's your new gig?
I love to do sports
MyPastRelationships made me a better man and taught me how to truly care for sum one also prepared me for true love who ever she might be
Tomorrow is going to be my last day off in a long time.
I need to relax and enjoy it.
I know it was no double defense, but with his speed?
Heat would be NBA champs had and not deferred to in the 4th qtrs.
I've been getting a lot of requests for a Specialized Monaco.
Weird that they never sold them in the US.
I'm pretty sure I wrote a few weeks ago about the last shoot for the film being done.
Silly me...
hahahaha I heard the bus engines start and I got so scared and I was running in flip flops hahaha
St.
Patty's Day Pop Quiz: An Irish Coffee is made of what?
completely missed the supermoon last night but just got to LA for the SUN
have fun without me!
Live Music  Main presents: Brothers Kuter on May 12th at 2:30 p.m.
Lea and I both get distracted from our homework...and what do we end up looking at?
Baby names online..
ayyyyyy.
Lol
Obviously I'm not interested.
Leave me alone, you creep.
Today men are terrified of their aggression as if it could make them a rapist.
Keep up tips!
: PPC campaigns can help you identify key phrases that convert better before starting your SEO campaign.
SEOTIPS
gotta starve myself and workout like fuck if I'm gonna fit in that medium vest for Thursday night, lol.
what in Sam Hell is that?
Looking for a Sr.
Producer with big site experience, send us your info
wow, so they finally moved it to October
it was built.
People say it's haunted...
And it's on the way home!
Gonna check it out!!
My ears are still rining.
I just rock climbed!
And I was horrible!
Let's do it again!
We will try to get out there as soon as we can thanks for looking that up for me:
Thanks for all the RTs
we could meet halfway!
:
There's a thin line between I should tweet about that and I should talk to a therapist about that.
Were looking forward to tearin it up at Joe's witchy'all this Saturday!!!
14 days till my birthday 3
Happy Father's Day to all the Colonials!!!
Great job out on the field yesterday, I will post pics soon!!
Jen
can't do it : going to Sweetlife today.
congrats....now you can not afford to get sick like the rest of us
Today's late lunch is chx noodle soup and grilled cheese.
Love this chilly weather.
ima check it out
Patuxent naval Base..They are the Gants whats ur people last name..
u no in the country they go by last names..lol
We're heading to kristen's bday bash  howl  the moon, so we'll be downtown.
What are u doing?
Haha : Or don't plant a tree...that's cool too
Good Morning  What's Good Ppl!!
ditto RT : Gah!
It's so hot!
I want winter!
Haha
Keep your head up!
you went hard today if it wasnt for you we wouldnt have been in that game
RT  New Orleans Saints Vs New England Patriots..Score 217 Saints...Setting..AllMadden..
What do tons amounts of hairspray, hot dancers  big egos have in common?
All came from the 80's!
Excited Rock of Ages is coming to town.
stm2012 PDFs are awful because preset text  image sizes, no dynamic elements, cumbersome to separate out figures from text
Was at a gala honoring Latino artists at SelfHelpGraphicsArt tonight.
Great party, wonderful art and artists.
Thank you
AH UNBROKEN is coming out in 10 days!
It's going to be EPIC!!
Can't wait!!!:D
Enjoying baklava delivered straight from Jordan.
As I always say, if you can't get out to see the world, invite the world to your home.
Top that, New England and Denver!
Bender: this program is unique in the world
I'm totally getting ready for school
Last tweet should have said on site, not sure.
We apologize for the lack of intelligence.
And we blame beer...
We've got some used equipment to share with you.
Email with your shopping list!
Publishing books is a lot like wildcatting  you do your best work every day and you have no idea which one will hit, but one will.
man when I move back to LA we have to watch some games together, I'm a Raider fan and an As fan!
Who's your bball team?
thanks Heather Cheers!
I don't do boonies.
just chillout.
Kevin gates  brains blown out .
Look hard simba all the answers are there
Quad Graphics always hiring bro I got an interview monday!!
top10Lies Yeah, you're cool...
Trying some new pictures here for 2012.
NAP has flirted with 1300 followers for over a week now.
NAP hates that noise.
NAP would like more followers.
Making New Video For Youtube
DAMN DAMN DAMN!!!
Are you thinking Downs can keep the job?
I think I'll cry in tears if Alfredo followed me, he'llknow when the time is right, nothing is impossible
For Ridley: Was the other 'planet' CGI or set pieces or...b/c it looks fantastic!!
big things popping at MIA then!
Haha, love the word Ratchid.
Have a good break bro!
Breakfast burrito hour?
What?!
Now there is a breakfast burrito happy hour?
Thank you for fulfilling all my burrito doctorams!
xo
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!10
Yes!
Wish he could have stayed to finish that saga.
1st appearance of adamantium that ish.
Go badgers!!!
Great victory ...
GRAB YOUR TICKETS TO TEXAS IN JULY TOMORROW BEFORE IT SELLS OUT!
www.collaterallive.com
that hustler just raped me, he raped me good!
Waiting for Luai at exchange 28.
John ready to roll with an ankle injury.
It's a short one, 2.9 miles, he'll make it.
People who still believe the Trickle Down economic theory works prob feed themselves through their anus.
Im filling one of my walls with posters.
Like all covered
Heading up to New Paltz with my roomie, his gf and her friend.
Expect instagrams.
Olivia is single..
Awhhh yeah!: done wit deez stupid boyzzz
Gay male classifications: Top  Refuses to be penetrated.
Only consents to be the penetrator.
Bottom  Opposite of top.
Versatile  Both.
Look out, world there's another Bond out there!
RT : Beckett William Bond
Thanks for the RT.
And list add.
Does it get any better than super important awesome?
Not without more adjectives!
: I'm like not that hungry hahaha shitgirlssay do you want to go halfsies?
how do you like it?:
hows that throat
wrong answer my nigga cameron knows what school I go to.
tell her I not u.
Before you talk, listen.
Before you react, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try
Lol, give me 46 weeks so that it can ship
on my shop in a bit .
I swear, has more sources than the CIA.
What an amazing spring day in PEI love it!
I can't say enough how salty I am that this Battleship movie is adding an alien gimmick to one of my all time favorite board games...
I wasn't.
I was born in Poophole Maine.
;
Popcorn does sound good.
I think i even have some movie theatre popsecret
yeah.
they set up literally at the bottom of the hill into the south oval.
yeah bro God is good!
I love being out in the community lavishing Gods love on people!
no, just now catching my breath from this morning.
its a chill sunday
Thanks for the follow, Tony!
And how awesome is it that you're working on PLAN9?
Pretty effin' awesome.
mega64 podcast 169 has been nothing but awkward and uncomfortable to listen to.
Figuring out a new phone...
W.brooklineelectric.com for same day power restoration services by a San Francisco electrician
Thanks to everyone for coming out to this past weekend's MTTS lecture with professor Elzinga.
Podcast coming soon!
What's good new follower?
any questions since we are an hour deep into the show!!
you're seriously getting a tattoo ?
Used the Citra Paste ink cleaner today and it works great.
Recommend it to everyone.
cause you're mean!
:c
think i got insominia
Great Times tonight!
Fun show at Taphouse followed by the deep hang at Aladdin's.
Hadn't been there since we played with
no problem :
2nd day home and my moms already pissing me off.
occupyburque isn't camped at the moment, tho ppl do protest at Yale Park at various times.
Mtg tomorrow same time/place.
Thanks for connecting and the mention!
Enjoying your Twitter updates!
Coming up with Marketing Ideas!
im so soar right now from exercising my legs they feel bruised
so enjoyed the istefeud!
You All were fabulous!
That should have been PB, not PG.
time is money so I went  bought a rolexxxx
this is so embarrassing....
But in all seriousness hope all our friends who are out there have a badass time.
We'll hold down the fort here.
I want a raw platter.
right now and vodka.
you dont ask someone if you can rape them.
HAHAHAHA
I'd like to share a revelation that I've had while watching ABDC: Justin Bieber is this generation's Pat Boone.
ICanHonestlySay I can't wait for Football season to start.
RT if you agree.
I LOVE Mary J There's no voice like hers,she's amazing!
She makes her own money so that make us equal!
break a leg!!
I found him.
He claims he doesn't remember.
Forgot, eh?
U must get interviewed a lot.
QA were great/smart, no surprise; just wish they'd asked abt your latest work on O.
thank you for following!
What's your connection with food allergy, may I ask?
Collisions in agencies create greater ideas.
Work next to/with each other.
ya tu sabe hunty even tho we don't spend much time together hopfully that all changes once ur home!
I want to put this on a tshirt: Show me the monad!
I'm getting in the shower now so if you get here while im in the shower, you know, do whatever :P
Looking forward to FloydCotto, and FloydMerchant too  ESPN
S/O to the avi of iThink this is the longest I've seen the same pic there.
Cheers to you mi amor
Is our site still down for you?
We didn't know about this.
We are not having any issues on our end.
Heck I wish that Justin would go to Hawaii while I was there.
Man that would be something.
My fourth week
Cnt wait to see you with IaMmE Again..
your one of My Biggest Inspirations!!
Hey does anybody know of good work on the Vertreten/Darstellen discussion in Spivak's Can the subaltern speak??
were u in a lower socioeconomic background area?
Oh look, it's 4.20am!
If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.Marie Osmond
Math sucks
Any museums out there using I could talk to?
On my way to the ER yes because of me!
Maddie
TRY JUDGING ME ON MY MUSIC TASTE BITCH I DARE YOU
you are the man!
Hello sir!!
GREAT hearing from you stranger!
How are you!
: hope all is well
RT : Kind of fun to read opinions on big  divorces: each was enormously successful in their respective careers and lived a...
Panera Bread?!
Yum!!
Only 4 more days till I head back East.
Can't wait!!
Tom Boasberg at NSVF: preliminary fall enrollment figures show a net choice into FNE Denver schools after massive turnaround.
what do you think airport security will do about these new nonmetallic explosives?
Scary stuff
Thanks darling daughter!
Love you too!
nice haircut!
I got a slot!
For that barber
Thank You for all of the birthday wishes

Winners know when to Pivot if shit get ugly.
I saw The Source when just a list in the wreckastow in Boston.
Couldn't Pivot
Tomorrows gonna suck...
Get with it, or get lost.
Feel better!
Any recommendations for places in Florence?
Im sorry.
But, I dont believe you.
I love my bae 
Filming for Hub :
when we gettin doctornk
Almost done with the first real agenda item of the meeting.
Yeah, I just think August is too soon after NAFSA to be considering sessions...but that's just me.
fuck wit me tonight
I hurt my foot so badly, and we have a dance showcase next weekend, shweet
Another Google Play email, another sale on JayZ, Kanye, Rihanna and Coldplay.
15 more minutes of overtime.
Just found you on Twitter.
Favorite.player.ever!
what is the significance of the  tag?
People appear to use it randomly.
It's still very early.
watching Sneakers before work.
Really good hacking film.
Can't go wrong with Robert Redford, Sidney Poitier, Dan Aykroyd, and River Pheonix
: .
Not to start a rivalry or anything ...
but go Tigers!
I LIKE TO KEEP PEACE NOT MAKE WAR
wonderful tweeps to follow!
Truly saddened by the loss of Etta James.
I'm a blues girl through and through, and found her voice inspirational.
3 RIP
I was about to get up from this bench because I'm freezing to death.
When suddenly a lady sits next to me, now if I get up it will look mean
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all that you're yet to be.
Felt like giftgiving so I bought my mom some jammies for a belated Xmas gift.
Hope she likes them, but in case always have a gift receipt.
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Wish I knew off the top, I can absoluetly get it to you after an email or two.
Good ass burger!
RT : Lunch time w/
Q2 I made podcasts in libschool, but honestly, there aren't library related podcasts I listen to.
Visit my site, www.thetotalpetspa.com or follow me on facebook to get more information on when and where the product will be sold.
Won our first game.
Waitng to play in the championship next
Don't care how hot a girl is, if she has a disgusting pet rat she needs to go.
RT : Music is the weapon.
has its own page.
Oomf has a girlfriend :'
Just saw American Reunion and Titanic 3
Fresno was as good a place as any to grow up in the 70s/80s, except for one thing: STAR TREK was only on once a week, Saturdays at 9am.
I'm passing roanake call me
I overheard a conversation that they were supposed to launch the site here, but they had to push the date back.
We can experience being physically tired, emotionally tired, or mentally tired...combined we tire spiritually and put ourself in danger!
argues Collins amendment to restrict BoilerMACT will result in 8100 premature deaths  400k lost work days
ANYONE whos nicole andersons boyfriend?!
im so out of it :/
I would really like to know why both Microsoft and Oracle have not made much deeper inroads into healthcare.
What's the secret ?
Way to go to my staff....we handled over 432 guest tonight!!!!
I'm proud of you.
We are proud of you!
mmmuahhh!
What is the best video game ever?
YES : Every minute you waste judging someone is a minute you could have used loving someone.
it feels like somethins heatin up can I leave wit you???
No wasn't mad.
I just live by the philosophy of when Im done, Im done
body storming looks like it was invented by RPGers  just sayin'
muahz beautiful woman with the beautiful voice..
: And I'm keeping you in my prayers.
Stay strong brother.
Thank u so much : .
I need all the prayers I can get
2/2 Arch Moore won WV Governor because his plane crashed right before the election.
Sympathy likely put him over the top.
Second week of 2012 almost done.
Anyone else still writing 2010 on their checks?
no pictures?!
where are you from?
Tri Delts you look so fine.
Luke Bryan.
What up.
so true!
Great share
He's mad : What did I do?
Walking on campus in my umiami swag right now rock chalk?
oomf needs to tell me how they feel...
Or text me...
Or something.
I can't get mad at what God has planned already, but I can change that way I go about doing it
lol that's funny
PopWatch Planner: Behindthescenes at 39;DWTS,39; new 39;Dark Tower39; out, and the Boss plays Jazz Fest
who wants to fund a Delicious Planet in Phoenix?
I would love to sink my teeth into that project!
bout to qo bak to sleep after i walk my brother to the bustop
no Q the sixers are VERY fortunate for bulls injuries, tho the sixers now could be a sleeper for Eastern Finals vs Miami
You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it
Fluffy pillows are used for hugging.
But neck pillows should be small but ergonomic so that your neck would have better support.
RT : Thanks for your hard work during LiNC.
I feel like I had to be over there in the Marina room!
See you next year!
: you're terrible at twitter.
Jesse eisenberg lookalikes don't scare me
Out the door to buy a bday present for a little one's party, then off to a brunch with friends!
Watching the vow for the first time :'
Two commercial callbacks tomorrow!
Nice way to get the week rolling.
Conversation in India PT1 Man: You do not want to walk down that road at night, sir.
Fisting is very popular on that road.
Me: I'm sorry?
This hour went fast!
that sucks!
Didn't you have a band or something?
OO
My teacher wants me to bring a lamp.....
Who the fuuuu is going to bring a lamp to school!?!?!?!
Thank You!!
soundtracking 2 The English Beat right now!
Tell London Hi 4 me.
xx
the city of CLE shot the ball really well this year.
RT Irving says that award isn't for him as much as it is the city of CLE.
omg that was you!?
I had no idea..
You look so different.
I'm sorry  did you apply?
I told her to go to bed 247526493483 times so don't blame me ; 
Sushi!
Who's ur daddy?
.
Take some hot toddies!
Rapaport prize winner says that best mba skill was learning which case you had to read and which you could just bullshit.
Tweet me if you live in Ohio !!
If you're in SF,order by noon tomorrowwe'll guarantee you'll have your SF  LA tshirt with you by Xmas Eve.
www.WeBeGreater.com
Any chance there will be a sacred craft Santa Cruz 2012?
: Great Lakes happy hour tonight 57pm with Rally doctorm Red, Doppelrock, and Holy Moses on doctorft!
It's only Tuesday .w
stop twitting on my twitter.
Wheaties may be the breakfast of champions but Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch is definitely the champion of breakfasts.
how could I forget !?
:p
ah how freaking cute!!
you piss me off
I need a job so i can buy games ugh
Had a little slip up with imdb today.
A rough cut was released to the public a bit too early.
I hate when my Twitter starts acting up!!
CRAZY news and traffic day.
Gotta love Portland.
julina goes home today YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the celebration is short lived back 2 work
All of us could take a lesson from the weather.
It pays no attention to criticism.
Us, breakfast.
Chicken moms, unspeakable offspring armageddon.
RT : Interesting...
: Though the sheep may fear the shepherd, it is the wolf they respect.
:
I had to pick up my daughter..where is he starting?
Awkwardly watching Sister wives with my family
Hi there!
Thanks for the RT :
Light show at Epcot tonight : 
i can't believe this and i don't wanna believe this.
moving too fast, eh?
So what's for lunch then?
Something healthy...
Im on facebook see this bitch picture im like I HATE THAT BITCH LMAO
A little Breaking Dawn action before bed sounds just about right
I love running out of food because it makes my pantry look clean.
My WD hard doctorve just crashed.
Everything in Pro Tools is gone....
therefore cannot partake in the Flat 2!
Or the peanut butter cheesecake with chocolate sauce!
:/
Landlord of the boy's new apartment refuses to do something about a roach problem he didn't disclose.
My mama bear instincts are enraged!
My EVO already suck
I only saw after reading posts by mister Hockey  Didn't seem to affect Rads during series, we now have to wonder
Free screenings tonight: What to Expect When You're Expecting at AMC Northpark and Crooked Arrows at Studio Movie Grill Dallas.
Thanks, gents!
I have to give credit to for the prompt that sparked the story, though.
While you were sleeping...
I was up getting a Bar.
I see u been gettin it in.
And now Cory Booker on equal protection under the law, 2nd class citizenry.
Basic rights should not go out to popular vote.
Well I haven't tweeted in a minute...We lost our City Finals looking to next year.
be ye blessed.
get out while you still can!
Lumpsteritis is a very aggressive ailment..
Yea cannot be missing Celebrity Apprentice and how about Ivanka's shoe line, gorgeous right?
A much as I hat to admit it, Yankees fans do the wave also
Danna Pools Inc is now on facebook!!!
:
Going to lunch in The 'Couv today.
Should be fun.
I cant give u mine I'm sorry my mom will kill me
Gave into some Bacon today was to hard to resist
ya boy d dolla is on twitter finally.
watz gud
you got me.
But next year...
During interviews: be prepared to not only ANSWER questions, but ASK them as well.
Appreciate if fam, eye see u!
haha that's not a problem.
Tomato Tomato!
love u peanut.
If Kardashian can't be happy, how dare we measly 99ers try to be?
Now yall see that we NEED Bosh
i feel bad for everyone that is on a youth team and has a standing full...they cant use it..: so dumb.
Is anyone looking for a Natural way to gain good health and learn how to become a wellness coach and entertain a residual income!
Breaking news: totally just tripped completely sober!
Thank the Lord no one saw it:
I heard delta sandwiches her employees so hard that delicatessens want to fine her!
thatshitcray cc
The eyes have it!
75 of you like to play up your pretty peepers more than any other facial feature.
Shop online www.marykay.com/jhallinan
WhenISee Speed Limit 55 on a country road, I see no speed limit
Worst doctoram everr 
one time when i was making easter eggs i had two sets of twins in the same carton!
Dear North Carolina, fuck you
No rules......
n e thing goes lol
If you swallow poprocks right away you can hear it in your brain
Bang!
bang!
Bang!!!
off to catch up on some Tivo.
just tryin to maintain my gi see u do music too
Hot.
You make my teeth sweat.
I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be.
Anyway that gets you put on worldstarhiphop
nice.
RT : I passed that mark the first day I got a smart phone.
Want to know more?
Consult the Comment FAQ and legal terms
Perhaps if we presented an alternative submission/supplement for those who opt out of scores, maybe.
lotta noise thrown at Tebow man...have you seen Gabbert!
It's sad stuff bro!
Yes.
I happen to be rather fond of boobies of the avian persuasion.
,i love you
I aint no joke...
just hanging out and being awake.
I admire your brain.
You tweet, retweet and respond.
You are a genius.
I mean that.
I gave birth 2 1.Peace
deleteyourtwitterif You liike the : Im sure alot of people don't
Dominican till I die Mom made platanos everyday
Thx!
RT needs to open an Arcadia location.
the line would be around the block every day...and i would be in it!
anything for miss kayleigh!
Gmail me.
Fixing to die of boredom!
I don't even know where it's at.
Or when!
you need to join us
In 2 days, the next best thing to hit the musical stage opens in Downtown Los Angeles!!!
www.2ndclasscabaret.com DON'T MISS IT!
OH MY GOD
Great presentation today on 11tips  as usual you provide great info, great energy, great interaction!
send me one I'll kill it send it back do u can knock ur fans out wit some dope shit ya dig!!!
I'm a beat eater!!!
Greatest statement of the day higher education has a lot of parallels to law and order both are dark and gritty
Great turnout at for UConnFootball  UConnBasketball!
Good luck to in the Elite 8 tomorrow!
Maybe this is a stupid question, but emmy award winning?
that's real?
4the enemy comes but to kill, steal,  destroy!
It feels gud but u dying man!
Choose Christ I did
Gimme head til u brain dead
Awesome!
Thank you, I think PSU has a lot more variety in programming and we rarely hear about your events at PNCA.
Davinci Virtual Office Solutions was selected for the 2011 Houston Award in the Secretarial Services by the US Commerce Association!
You realize how much you loved that person and how much you knew that person and you think to yourself it's all a doctoram.....
anybody plan for a good dinner meal ?
00 wow...tight defense on both teams.
NOW Following
The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you're finished.
yes.
Yesterday in my womans history class this girl made out aggressively with her girlfriend
Us too!!!
RT : Love, love, love emails from blog readers!
:
I think it's weird that Brick and Champ appear to only have one leg each.
I hope that's a plot point!
RT if you are ages 1524 and then follow for 150 NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really works!
Back in the day you could go to Egypt and bring back mummified hands and feet.
So I getta pick out one lipstick from Lime Crime, what color shoul I pick?
And just think, not too long from now, we'll be in Dijon together!
Although it began life as Hengler's circus, for most of its life The London Palladium became known as the worlds greatest variety theatre .
Trust is the mother of deceit
: Devin Ebanks must of heard you were having try outs for the AllIdiot team tonight..
He just won 6th man
Agree has nice creative features.
But PowerPoint is better for business: consistency, sequence, branding.
if I get kicked out of IB u can't
RT :  over equality, unfortunately.
Agree that's reality.
How do we change it?
Your video is AMAZING!
I loved it!
3
The next moment goes as it comes.
We're pregnant with the future and past.
We need only give birth in the constant present between terms.
I am about to cry just got vampire diaries season 2 on dvd n i took it out of the case n my one disk cracked...
still trying to find my xbox 360 game cases and missing games supper was great work was awesome  live is a amazing gift CARPEDIEM LOVEIT!
Heh, this makes me smile MT : Christian Science is filling the reflecting pool!
you have our admiration and respect but at what point in the 80 miles does the run become fun?
;
While I'd love to get to a Brewers game sometime before I die, at this point I think Id settle for seeing one on TV.
I was like Joe Walsh, I was the analog man!
yea.
Imma do it in a lil bit when I'm by myself cuz I told my Mommy I didn't have hw.
First day rehearsing the new song, its gonna be awesome!!!!!
Rahon hits the 3 and the Aztecs pull within one of the Rams.
The Aztecs trail 89 with 13:45 left in the half.
Hey Browns/49ers, y u no release inactives?
There are times when you need someone, and I will be by your side.
doctoram: meet and discuss with him the finer points of XMen and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Part of a status update from my personal Facebook...It's safer..so I'll stay married to my music..it won't let me down or break my heart.
Of course, and thank you for tapping into his vast knowledge!
We appreciate his hard work in and out of D3 cc:
Follow me on twitter you know!!!!!!!!
how are you going to tease us with that Costello cover, Annie?
4WordsYouDontWantToHear i have moved on
My stalker is , angry librarian  failed community actress.She talks about ethics, but stalks  harasses.
beware
BelieveItOrNot People are very gullible.

It was a great session.
I will definitely be inviting you back!
ugh sigh
The risk of dementia rises sharply with age, about 2530 of people above 85 have some degree of cognitive decline.
Join Socialtique on 4/27 at UWM School of Nursing for their next fundoctorising event!
Proceeds benefit the Malawi Project.
cc:
sometimes I feel killing myself because thats how much I HATE MY LIFE!!
How is spending his 75th birthday today: 'Working,' he said.
What does everyone think of the new Gmail?
Just crossed 5 lanes on I80 to get to our exit RIGHT THERE!
I'll be ok if that never happens again.
Had the very same thought today  it's time to rewatch.
: Walk the line.
One of my favorite movies of all time.
Stay hydoctorted!
Great times, but great to be home.
RT Ah back in boston.
Rip
The weekend got me hella tired but well worth it me and my cuzzo/friend went hard
Why isn't life more like Multiplicty..
I need a few clones to do all the stuff I dislike..
Felon convicted in explosive arson case
Thanks for the mentions.
I'm looking forward to your presentations at NESHCO2012 too!
People tryna say CHECK  don't kno wat it mean ,so said we gotta find sumn new lml
welcome :D
With Ashley and Keviiiinnn.
thanks for the follow Laura!
you'd be better off just paying a site to host your images  doing the page yourself.
Try godaddy, cheap domain and hosting.
Hi Erin!
Thx for the follow  nice to meet you.
Look on the bright side, he'll obliterate the record for sacks taken
hey!
I remember when you first made your twitter and we talked all the time : How are you?
Fans get your FREE tix for media center fan gallery tomorrow thru friday at NFL Shop near Near NFL Experience!
how do you find time to clean your paws with all of the Tweeting that you do?
interesting guess tho!
I do believe its on the Greatest Hits Apparently.
I have only got one re tweet but hey at least I got one yup ;
Hosting a National Championship party tonight at my apartment.
Wish it was the Gators playing, but I will cheer hard for the SEC!
dan i was saying it to both you and laura lmfao
Best day of the year.
First day of the spring training games.
WOO!!!
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE BREAKING DAWN!!!
:D
gotta find a new hobby...
Pouring out some of my 40 for my fallen homie.
Lord give me the patience right now not to beat up a Walmart worker.....
The comeback of the automobile industry must possess lessons for other professorssions, corporations?
Reading Overhaul by S.
Rattner.
When a year5 asks me and to kiss his ass what is this generation..
couldn't find whistles, but I got us funky teeth, sunglasses and bubbles!
Has any article about Biden ever described a time when his bluntness or gaffes actually, tangibly hurt him or a cause he supported?
My new office set up makes me feel like I work at CTU
Quote of the week!We are defined by the stories we tell ourselves.
The question is, does your story empower you or cause you to fall...
getting ready for a busy night at Hillel!
come to tacos and Torah from 56 and improv from 6:30 to 8.
I barely realized how much the Frost Bank tower looks like an owl.
Weird.
: Whenever I meet somebody that speaks highly of Nickelback, I know immediately that we will never be friends.
Would love to work with you.
My email addoctorss is .
doctorp me a note and we'll make it happen.
And thanks for thinking o ...
Your age is only an obstacle if you let it be an obstacle.
it's the light lol
I want too go back too bed, like now.
I think one arm is preventing her from falling over.
Girl to guy ratio at Hershey Friendly's 20 to 1.
I.m still going.back to the hotel with Mary Jane.
Leaving lots of empty ice cream bowls
yes sir, Htown
Scheduling IYL before trip if I get recs.
If you have any for Daughter of Smoke and Bone or Perks of Being a Wallflower, please send my way!
good bec I'm putting billie in there to:
Thanks for tonight everyone!
This is getting better as we go along.
We seek now designers to work on interface wireframes.
Once the playoffs started, every girl started acting like they watched basketball Oo
Been watching jury selection for Casey Anthony Trial
Follow back?
sad!!
What about the Poshmark party next week  I was thinking of going there too  would love to see you!!
What channel is the debate on?
So excited for this weekend!
Going down to OSU, sissy's birthday, and playing softball on Sunday :
Mom is so excited, she already asked me to make a playlist of kids christian music for Marietta on the plane ride home from China.
I don't give a fuck, keep giving me 10 hour shifts the money is worth it
goodnight everyone xo
Yo my twitter is
how does it feel to get dangled in 2k?
We're trading places.
I'm leaving for Chicago on friday lol!
what do you think ?
Question is are you ?
hope you guys are staying warm!
we're taking cocoa breaks between packing orders for monday shipment.
remember our cut offs are soon!
I miss youu...
I think my Pandora just won with Stevie B Spring Love nowplaying on
Great!
I've been in Chicago for 3 hours waiting for my delayed airplane which has now arrived.
Yay!
This is focus 30 count, bottom of the 9th and you are a pitcher throwing a perfect game.
Humber is focused

when website polling goes wrong: the 3 who said they were laughing at that story.
5:30 in room 3161 of the Student Activity Center, which is at 333 East Campus Mall.
I know I know I know I'm just saying LAs not even sweatin them and we never had control against them that's all
oh.
Yeahh I did
Finished an invigorating 45 min snowshoe hike tonight with my binlaw Rich.
RT Hungry..
but i decided to go on DIET HAHAHA

thanks for a great talk!
Yeah  i'm trying to leave by the end of the summer!
Long, fat blunts 
A Perfect Pantry at 21 E.
Congress is a charming mix of new kitchenware and vintage household items.
Trent Johnson leaving LSU for TCU to start a new 5yr clock of 'not getting fired.' Same as Christian leaving TCU for Ohio
Republicans a few weeks ago: calling it a 'War on Women' makes light of war!
Now: WAR ON MARRIAGE!
WAR ON MARRIAGE!
WAR ON MARRIAGE!
she is so cute with the fans
it's definitely up there haha
the most inspirational movie ever!
Also the best:
Great job with your first dance tonight SD's!!
Can't wait to see the next!
Hey, it's kinda nice out today.
Hunkered down for a solid weekend of editing client video!
Totally jacked in feels awesome.
we do to
Lovely, brand new humidor is seasoned and running at 72.
Time to add the prensados.
yo phone suck ..!
Such a nice day outside!!
Or Guy Clark's Boats to Build
Can't wait until October!!!:
It was certainly a day!
Animal house 3
Dirk always looks like one of his skis just flew off his foot as he was sailing down the mountain.
lol..
Whaddup homey!
I don't be on twitter as much anymore,sorta got a tad dull..
Lol
I do.
Im a strong advocate for equal rights of tiny titty bitches
sufficiently ROCKED the house!!
Hugo  this week's Adele
WTF?!
He should never have gotten through 3 of our players!
dude your bro is in Memphis?
That's awesome!
Congrats.
i lock the world out , and God has the only copy of the key
I could live in a bookstore or library and be content.
Fittingly,UK Spartan PhiladelphianSimon Thunder the Savior of Rock n Rollhas returned.Perhaps,visionary acceptanceaffection will follow
Once again, if I were in DC.
I will have a spotted cow for you at Miller Park this weekend.
Lucroy bobble on Sunday
Well, the dude from kony2012 had a rough night tonight didn't he?
im embarrassed watching this game.
Just aced my fin463 midterm, never been to class, studied for 1 day, schools so easy good grades don't even make me happy
Hey new friend!
Have you ever been to ?!
A Scorpio s matches are Aries taureses', Leo's  sagutarius'
I think the answer is COUNTRY MUSIC!
Having struggles in your life is a sign that you are transforming your world
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breasts
Blessed by the best!
Well we knew it was coming but man, I'm gonna miss these guys so much.
BBN WeareUK At least we're reloaded for next year.
that is a hell of a climb, she's doing!
The next dog I own will be named Delmar, regardless of gender.
Mark my tweet.
omg i saw a story about this in a magazine the other day it was on cnn and the guy was making fun of them lhf hahaha
hey thanks for the follow!
i am guessing you know my brother?
13thingsilove 5.
pulling pranks on people kind of a prankster ;
RT : I won 3rd place w/ where I have 5 FREE days of access to their site.
didn't even know about
I find Peyton to be such an amazing rapper because unlike others he is original.
His lyrics actually have a meaning to them
Loved it!
Good times
Send as many as you want!
The sooner the better :  Also feel free to tell friends about I am trying to get the word out!
I wish some people, would actually think.
let Austin have this for once!
I mean i support Justin too!
But deserves it!
YES, such a step in the right direction!
We're excited to see what happens :
Good Am world wake up  smell the coffee, every day you wake should be a day of success...
Keep negative folks out your game room
The land of healing lies within, radiant with the happiness that is blindy sought in a thousand outer directions.
Swami Vivekananda
falling asleep to the sound of rain peaceful 
right dude he is fuck hot as hell
Thank you!
Well....the gym I got to is pretty lousy.
But it's something.
And good for you too!
:
sure makes a girl feel pretty on the first day of school.
Can't wait for our rendezvous with
No it displays the same.
I was suggesting that you will want that unchecked.
Also see my reply on my blog.
i want to go sky diving
Heading to the crib
my dad says those trucks are so dirty  A and Rob didn't care / the kids want what the kids want!
Haha
9th way to save on gas is join Giant Shell program/make use of all extra points promotions that make sense 4U.
Saved lots!
haha they must have been my brother and sister in laws dogs ha
did you go to the game today?
good morning
hm, you are still speaking jibberish to me : 100 yrs is a long time, bro.
best we get this sorted out in person.
Rick Siskey  Your kids don't want your money they want your time.
damn I see how it is.
Everyone goes to Costa Rica this summer and just leaves me in Norfolk
Yancey Strickland on why of fact that only ideas that have value are ideas that will make other people money.
nice seats go power
Can not say that as an entirety but for the most part know's what it would be truly costing ProSand.
Yes for short.
aw ight den
YOUR MY BESTFRIEND FOR EVER!
Off to shadow before I get hired 
Yes, after reading your blog, I, now, understand.
A heartwarming story.
Thanks to your for saving a warm heart.
CAN I HUG YOU THEN!?
Uh...
Are you serious that you would go?!
Finishing up work on next cover.
Find a copy Wednesday.
More of what we saw yesterday.
Cano hurting the Mariners.
RBI double there.
Yankees extend the lead 61.
Blackburn singing in the dead of night!
RT : Junior Parent College Info Night 6:30 tonight.
Cnslrs will provide interactive program for parents of collegebound students
they are really cool guys too, what other bands do you listen to?
: It's crazy how: Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday.
School sucks!!!!!
dear world I love check em out!
ew...
mister pratt!!!
her voice is annoying
Six more weeks till the semester is over.
WHATS THE F FOR?
Creating a doctorg and doctorp interface with  while listening to   perfect morning
I'm doctorading the day my youngest child realizes that my kisses have no magical healing properties!
Wish I spoke Chinese.
thanks Julia!
You're the best :
me to!
Yay!
There were so many events last week Thursday that I feel tonite is relatively quiet.
Agree/disagree?
you probs should just stay off twitter, everyone's talking about her :
Pop quiz for adub fans: who is Tom Norris?
First person to answer correctly gets a shoutout!
Go!
Having a very good sportsbiz weekend in Denver.
At AvsCanucks game tonight.
Golf tomorrow at Omni Interlocken.
Absolutely  our fans  friends are the ONLY reason we've had success.
Merch production, recording, promoting, you name it..
When the lights go out just put a cookie in your mouth
wassup my chocolate bunny.
Lol what's going on Rekena
OneThingIDontLike Niall  Latinas ...that's how I read the trending topics.
Good fight!
Thug Angel lol
Have to get ready to shoot an audition for a Lottery TV spot.
amen to that !
My printer has its own email addoctorss and access to the internet, which I was fine with until I caught it looking at www.kinkyinkjets.com
Remembering how silly report cards were OOustanding, GGood, SSatisfactory, SomethingElseINeverGotOnMyReportCard Need To Work On It
Thanks to for the presentation during our class today !
If you are a fan of the show Bones holy crud on the season finale wow didn't see that coming.
Billy Cundiff must be kicking himself right now.
Oh, wait...
he probably missed.
Kinkade39;s death prompts debate on definition of art
YES!
It's cold.
I need a new coat!
Hint Hint  Cough Cough
I thought tractors use diesel
Our blog/business is just starting up, but there is a LOT to come.
We're still looking for more creative minds!
Ew, that was a serious tweet
what are we celebrating?
did you hit up rome
Are you ready for the moving season?
Cedeno...not the sharpest tool in the shed
how did the whole Smiths thing go?
You can always spring your gym body on Marina and Ulay.
re:BBP  BEP need to be snuffed out like trash on fire.
Just makin sure you got my FB note from sun.
No hurry.
Heyy im gonna be at the radio station next week with ricardo:
No...
he is still killing and abducting in other parts of Africa.
LRA is smaller but it's still going on.
Do you think Jimbo would make that pickup?
I got some bad news earlier.
I still haven't got over it
y did u break up with him??
When a bus in new york hits your bus it sucks dick !!!
Devin.Anne3
Making a couple technical improvements to our campus page right now, but will have updated results shortly!
Sorry for the inconvenience!
Why is he attacking your friend like that?
It feels so Damn good outside!!
Renteria for who?
EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW THE ANSWER!!!
Pain is something inside of you, trying to get your attention.
it's Okayy
basketball aint gon get me this car, this apt, or pay off my loans.
Yal the hoopers
We're going to find Bigfoot.
I'll be at Ramsey park tomorrow at 8am, and Brentwood Friday at 8pm.
Would love to see you!
Glad to see my friends have so many jokes about my golf game.
Just remember, I've NEVER played golf til two weeks ago!
you'llgetyours
You should probably inform them just in case.
I can only be myself and she's great!
lol!
ATTENTION!
We are out of Sriracha at the brewery!
REPEAT: We are out of Sriracha at the brewery!
Everyone please still come to work!
I am a statistical king.
I own stats!
..now im debating on whether i should sleep on top of them or spend the next hour hanging  folding them..
grrrrrrrr
I want someone to care about.
But not bad enough to lower my standards.
Holy hell.
Sorting through resumes  cover letters at work.
The poor grammar is supernaturally awful.
Never actually seen a full episode of Growing Pains, but I love that theme song so much, it's crazy!
It needs to be on Netflix ASAP!
omg, I actually just laughed out loud ;
Are you at the show?
Mitch Daniels is somehow doing a preemptive impersonation of Darrell Hammond's future impersonation of him
RT : I am a responsible adult who thrives in the world.
And you get a baby!
And you get a baby!
EVERYBODY GETS A BABY!
Prior to starting your landscaping, sketch out how you envision it
no nigga, sometimes!
Cause sometimes I laugh at you, not with you xD jk of course you do baby girl : haha
Counterintuitively, a major gift ask for too little may be more awkward than one for too much.
Think ego!
party ur face man!!!
No it don't it suppose to be 80/20 lol
Its uploading!
:D
Switching out weights for cardio, because the idea of lifting heavy things repeatedly still makes me want to curl up in the fetal position.
Getting out of class.early poppin
is so good.
Saw him at Ultra in Miami for the first time.
It was a beautiful experience.
Updating our transaction search service  transaction searches will be unavailable for about an hour while we complete this work.
i 3 my church!
spent the evening with 30 teens  other leaders helping feed  clothe the homeless.
Excited that my friends will be in DC to meet me next wknd
Post backward design, concept doctorven, student centered, transdisciplinary, reflective planning for learning speaks to me!
somehow, my body and soul are capable of dual counterparts.
my body is in MKE.
but where is my soul??!?!
I love u
's internet is up  running  no problems!
Hope to see you soon!
I had a moment of weakness and ate a leftover bagel from this morning.
Tried to make it the whole day.
DAMN YOU, FREE BAGEL FRIDAY!
Worth the wait eh Wolfy?
I'm loving this so much,lets go to Scotland babe!
I hate mister huffs class
Girls these days: /!!
Henry Melton is making some plays tonight.
Digging it.
RT : If Romney loses Ohio, CNN decision desk should call the election for Obama right then.
Swag super hot your swag not i be gettin money while these lame cats not haha
Am getting the hang of CrossFit ...
Still got my butt kicked
Well hello there!!!
:
on my way to Galaxy Zone gonna go Lazer Tagging :D
Trying to figure out what is on the menu for SkinnyTuesday...
Ready for the WarAgainstFat to be over!!
setting up cron task makes me realize how impatient I am and how long a minute really is
You are Stronger than you seem, Braver than you believe, and Smarter than you think you are.
Great NY Times piece by on digital humanities  looking at several NEHfunded spatial/GIS projects.
nyti.ms/obQgaL
Hawaiian Islands are aprox.
6,470 sq.
mi.
FED,state,county own 39,Corps  trusts own 20 ,which leaves 41 for all other private investors
i just saw it the other day.
we didnt have anything to do with putting it together.
YoMommaSoFat when she turns around, people give her a welcome back party!
the day I move out.
any updates on blackberry 10, new devices and new direction from new CEO?
You just made me crave waffles too.
In need of a mani  pedi
Listening to a lecture by David Wolfe.
While the information is interesting and useful, he is giving me a very large headache.
well, they'll have to pass your approval of course :
that's crazy.
How you feel?
About to be in college.
Which one are you going to?
Thank you!
Schoolbrary  disagree that District should spend s, let alone Prop S s to fund SDs downtown library for a Charter School of 200 kids.
That's what you get for going during rainy season RT how amazing would this place look if it wasn't raining
Have to wonder now, Does Joel Ward even doctorss for Game 6?
Halpern, Perreault perfectly capable replacements.
While your sittin on your as, theres people bettering themselves.
where you at on the potem scale
congratulations on your promotion, your iPhone, AND your IRA!
so that means u love me yay
Just finished with class and got something to eat!
All fueled up!
Now more gym time!
I am completing 3 credits of my total 31 completed credits of my MBA tonight.
Congress is regulating volume levels in TV ads.
But who watches TV?
The ads on CNN.COM are annoyinglyloud compared to the content.
Basketball 101: Want to reach your goals?
Nothing is stopping you.
Make it happen.
Thankful and blessed to have the support we have, and been getting.
Much Love  Peace to all of you!
If you need us just hollah!
Need my car back
haha will do : have u even heard my music yet lol
well idk bc my birthday is june 14 and my mom said she ia gonna get me and iphone and so idk I REALLY WANT TO GO
I'm sorry dear :
Once the bandwagon starts, buyin is so easy because of the ease of interaction and character limits.
Dinner  LaReve makes everything better.
Take a look at URBANAUDIO1, it can help with law school studying!
AmITheOnlyOneThat hates when females put all their buisness on or then get mad when people tlk shit
Another great issue of put to bed.
happy thanksgiving
Nothing better than watching a bunch of halfconscious, hollisterwearing houstonians struggle to ice skate around a gigantic fake tree!
Headed back to the homeland for a week to take care of my mom after surgeryI feel like a real grownup, taking care of my parents!
I am a disabled Veteran and Actor in NM.
If you need help out this way, feel free to contact me.
Thank You for what you do!
bye Thomas
Luv It.....U damn rite am dancing to this BOSS BITCH
Erked , with a capital E , lol
if i have ever used anyone on this twitter in the wrong way at any point in life just know that im sorry and there honestly is way to many
She can do so much better than you.
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...
lame
I was doin good, doin me last week .
well yeah this is America!!
Guys, do I have swag?
And now for some vitamins.
why have i not had a gps system my entire life?
i want to kiss the ppl who made this thing.
hard.
Hi Holly, I'm a fan of yours on TV and stuff
On the way into town we saw a bald eagle standing over something in an empty field.
Symbol?
I'm not supposed to use birds in poems anymore.
Teddy's gay,Adoctoranna's life is falling apart, Silver and Naomi are kidnapped,And the only thing I can think of is,M Liam in boxers!!
:3.
FOLLOWERS!
Make sure you're following my other OMG twitter: AND my personal twitter: !
That'd be awesome!
RT!3
RT Producer just got 4th email pitchingsegments on footcare,more specifically,bunionsthey are a major problem, not surprised
Blue Moon Soup  Tattered Roots tonight at !
Come get down!
Flights delayed in Nashville is not so bad.
Good music from a sweet couple
please follow back.
:
Food billboards in spanish still look tasty but now more confusing
Looking for ThingsToDo in Clearwater?
TONIGHT at C'NERGY is performing LIVE from 812am!
Another good day today.
Mind is clear for action, lets play chess.
Reading on the front lawn.
What a perfect afternoon
The Future Is Coming, No Matter What!
Why Not Quit Your Boring Existence And Live In The Phenomenal Purpose You Were Created For?
I'm about to hit the gym, meet up with yall afterwards :
Totally watching the At the doctorve In performance live at Coachella.
Thanks YouTube
Between the kitchen and the rain gutters ...
the caskets.
Genius!
My fiancé: you're the only bride in history who wants to spend more  on trees than your wedding doctorss.
Can't wait to ride with ya tomorrow!
I missed ya!
xo
miss you too pal!
Definitely need to cause I miss Madalyn too!
Sorry for the lack of updates, big things happening soon.
Stay tuned.
yeah there ain't many more straws to grasp for....
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today
Jennie is talking about the agenda.
More then 30 people here and 5 on soups
like vampires, or....
We all deserve the best guy for us.
I believe I've found mine.
He can admit he isn't the best but is going to try his hardest for me.
PeopleILoveTheMost Gay women
Shooting the concept portion of the video for Torches tonight!
Pretty stoked!
2.8 earthquake today.
It must have been shallow because it got my attention.
Thanks again for the amazing writeup.

Yea Thursday should work.
I hate moving.
But that's what I've been doing and will be doing for the next week or so.
I really don't like it.
LOL.
I thought it might be.
Please get it.
I really love it.
I'm not being ironic.
R.I.P.
Mike Wallace
going off to class ugh lord help me
RT  Anybody who gets doctorfted to the Cavs are probably thinking,Hell naah, this team sucks.
ROFL.
Poor Cleveland, ...
should be asleep by now.
I hate your commercials about missed opportunities.
it makes me want to cry
: where we had to reright are conversation
That's great!
Rip Whitney Houston
That's what kind of man I am.
You're just a woman with a small brain.
With a brain a third the size of ours.
It's science.
Function In That Thing That Charges Your Dunamis!
That's Your Kingdom Position!
thanks!
Hope you enjoyed it
You need a ham radio RT : Crazy meteor broke up in the upper atmosphere over Reno.
oh no no no no no u wont no part of this franchise that's for sure.
lol id rather play with you instead lmao xD
that's right..
I still prank doctors offices,taco bell and an occasional convenient store!
Miss u guys
come play at Brunetti at 6 dude!
Interesting...
Two dates, one friend and a few hook ups.
This online thing ain't bad however I hope he comes back from LA soon :
THIS IS HOW I GET GROUNDED FROM TWITTER.
Interfor39;s Q1 Results Down on Lower Sales Revenue and Higher Log Costs
Been away for a bit sidetracked by life for a bit.
Website almost ready!
Stay tuned!
There's a memory inside my head; It feels like a part of me is dead, I should save you, but I wanna watch you doctorwn...
I was sad it did that I miss you too
Everything is now on the accountant's desk, so everything but the signatures are left to worry about.
WTF?
Did you get hit in the head by a tennis racket?
For the love of fat bassets Phats say it ain't so.
...dangerously AWESOME.
i better see you one time.
FUCK YEAH RT : SbB has learned Bill Walton will serve as a Pac12 college basketball game broadcast analyst for ESPN
It isn't the truth.
It's your gd opinion.
More people can learn to code than you want to admit.
how's shopping going?!
your tweeting a lot today
There is no question about it, I'll be going to bed when I'm done.
For something different on day 3 LTNY, stop by the TyMetrix booth 120, and ask us how we can help you assess AFA suitability
what does that mean
enraging!
I can't tell you how many times I've been at a bar with the big glowing Honey Brown sign and they didn't have any.
I have no idea how this convo started or what it is about?
Lol
WIUMBB Final media TO of the game, Western trails 7653 with 2:23 remaining.
what's the subhead?
we all gonna have to die some time
I diss like when bord'em kicks in at times
You use to live alone?!?
would love to chat about your 3 target users.
please DM.
May is Teen SelfEsteem Month
Cold as fuck.
unless indy changes its mind over night lol.
ChulaVista City council meeting underway; already talking about the financing plan for the Bayfront Master Plan.
thank you for the shout out, Janice!
Hope your Monday's been marvelous.
:
Excited to pick up at PDX this morning!
Looking forward to the things we will be doing together!!!
Just became best friends with a raccoon
Congrats!!!
RT : Oh wow, did I just get a tenure track offer?
Just when you think job market season is over...
RT : Its International Walk to School Day!
We're live for the 2nd half of Wakeup at McKinley Elementary in Tosa
I might for Father's Day
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS???
GO FOLLOW teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x9
lol...they need love but NOT from Moe  I'll discriminate if MY CHICK gains weight, be like babe....I feel different lol
I'm exhausted.
I can't believe no one has mentioned Turley.
Only one around is
yeah nah it's good work good school I'm taking off this summer but it's good : you?
My girlfriend is stupid .
TheReasoniWillSucceed Im going for a degree and a doctoram
I got my lil wayne swagg on
Happy National Peanut Butter Day!
What will you make to celebrate?
I literally just saw quite possibly the most hideous bloke alive!
If only my camera had launched more quickly as words cannot describe!
;
If you are on an 11 MBA, that is the sole reason I got a 13
I'M A BANANA, I'M A BANANA.
Add this banana.
That's one I wish I saw now!
Damn job!
A new year, a new semester!
Hope everybody had a good holiday break!
Hey mladla12 peeps, we're doing a live taping of You want to be there!!
Meet us by the 2nd floor bathrooms  12:45.
Nelly Furtado Walks On Stilts In New Big Hoops BehindThe ...
wanna bet?
;
Colby Lewis pitches well but the win goes to Robby Ross.
The southpaw rookie is now 30.
Lewis hasn't walked anyone since opening day!
Veterans day special 75 tonight!
mention this ad!!HAPPY VETERANS DAY!
Designing all day!
WelcometotheWeekend!
hello thx for following me.
Have a great Monday :
Cool video!
I like your paintings, best of luck!!!
Might have been more than a year actually.
We both could have sworn it was gone forever.
Relax.
Don't be surprised by human nature.
We'll talk you down.
the best thing jjabrams can do is make alcatraz redeem the lost ending.
maybe the island is a portal to alcatraz?
something, anything.
6 more days...
guilt is setting in that I'm counting the days.
Will follow back
Whoa...
Not sure what's going on there.
We're using Vimeo.
Thanks for the heads up.
factaboutme when I'm sick or on my period I give attitude.
.
no I'm not on my period.
I don't know what's up with me today.
I'm more pirate than ninja.
I'm banging into everything.
feeling a little sore today from the root canal I had yesterday.:
I'm tough, ambitious, and I know exactly what I want.
If that makes me a bitch, okay.
I got Old Blighty, Lillibet's Jubilee, and Jaffa.
I'm excited, yet a little anxious to figure out which to use first.
:
Inspirational Mass ant St Anne's!
Our colleague, doctor Mark Van Stone, is going to be there!
Why did 8 bible twitter accounts start following me?
Youth Foundation booth is ready to go for tomorrow.
Fair opens at 8am.
First Racing Pig Show is at 11am.
See you there.
A special thanks to all Veterans today.
Thank You for Your Service...without you, we are nothing...Happy Jack
I'm actually a little Irish.
At first we glanced now and again at each other
WWE HAS A NEW CHAMPION!!!!
It's alarming how loud my 18 month old's toys can be.
Some most likely cause hearing loss.
I put a piece of tape over speakers.
Amen to that.
NF FOLLOW BACK LIL NIGGA!!!!!
IF U FOLLOWING ME YALL MAKE SURE U FOLLOW HIM!!!!
I would never bring my camera to the party lol
me neither.
But when you're at a dive bar  they have it on tap...you get it.
Limited options.
Now I am going to notice your Southern accent in all your songs!
You shouldn't have told me.
Jesus answers all your problems
So once again you jumping that LeBron James bandwagon?
C'mon bro it ain't over lol
I'll be there when the world is coming down upon her
Well ice does go very well in bourbon.
Rich Widmark: A man needs all the odds he can get.
in Wellman's Walking Hills filmed in DV 1949
I'm pretty sure my spirit animal just lifted her leg and peed on you.
An ominous feeling of heartbreak on the very near horizon...
Welcome back to the suck.
We choke when we focus on negativity.
hey you're cute ;

1 doctornks at Rascals on Murray st.
today!
SundayFunday in
Auburn just won.
One Down two to go.
Let's Go Denver and Let's Boston.
lol nothing i just need to chill out and be more laid back i be doin to much sometimes
my long island is strictly whiskey
Thinking of something for my girlfriend
noo vevo and utube said that and why would he claim em after like montgs/years and how r they hia ilcreation is only 13 well
Can't wait to hit the road with to St.
Louis!
Friday can't come soon enough!
TY for the mention.Means alot.
People are forgetting what happened, which is just the way the banks and toadies like it.
your apple comment was super dorky, but i still love ya :
My dinner tonight 
we hope you do stay with us next time you're in town!
Brethren, Really ?
Dark socks and shoes with shorts ?
Be polite.
Don't engage.
Pay the ticket.
Lol, u already know notjing distracts me more than a tv!
RT haha!
I knew u could relate.
Just landed in LA for a day full of Spreecast meetings ending with the VH1 CCMAs....big day!
ahh i love you andy!
: 3
sheshould, eh?!
Viber me soon.
, once you recover it's time to work full force.
what up?
ready for nascar season?
it gonna be very interesting season
Thanks for the FF mention!
There so chill there all I'm gonna walk around maybe go eat some brains walk around some more, there liven the life
Just got my oil changed yesterday.The green machine is up and running!!
Oh, look ESSEX rules!!
No, Daniel is not from Essex.
whatt?
Since I have no idea what U just said I'm gonna take that as a threat ...
homeschool kids collecting rocks that look like they have crystals in them as part of science lesson the habit of crystals
Few things make me love a stranger more than when they leave their newspaper behind for the takings.
you're mentioned in my lastest blog
Been hard at work nonstop to try and put some new stuff together for everyone.
That was a tough category ...
Jean Dujardin deserved it..
same to you!
round up all the cool kids and move south.
Yell Tough Chiz....and sorry but no!
Don't waste your youth growing up
yeah are you going?
kenny powers is sneaky like that!
This season is taking a weird turn.
I shuffle my money like playing cards.
I need to stop going to bed so early!!
Whats on the perfect taco?
Ground beef, chicken, or steak?
Every failure is a detour, not a deadend street.
you know you're an allstar?
:
ENVY Gettign to watch it for the first time is going to be such a treat for you.
That's just not right!
We'll miss you K8!
It was really good.
Really REALLY crowded, but good.
I don't I just know the majority of the workouts from it from when I did own it I juss mix it up with surpreme 90 aswell lol
Hello world
Nutella makes me happy:
Even when the day is, makes me happy :
I can get them?
Which one are you looking at?
The interview with is right up there with the one in favorite HWYW episodes ever.
Thank you.
Just back from Fenway  play by play of the Cape League All stars.
Great crowd, fab venue.
Sweet
I will say you've stumped me.
Can't see enough of the lettering to figure out the stick...
CCM?
We believe in a natural life, where we use aromatherapy to relieve everyday stress  anxiety.
Also schedule time for meditation
Went to see the avengers AGAIN
Q6 Is starting my own biz a fall back plan if I can't get a job?
Even old creepy gay men will dance with me, the one place I should be safe.
Hey Lauren, it's almost Mother's Day.
That means I get my annual Lauren text.
You better not forget.
A personal record at the San Francisco half marathon todaya great route, even over the Golden Gate bridge twice!
definitely!
I think I just took it way too seriously cause I did that once to some guy that was annoying me lol so rude 
uh is this about what I think it's about?
Cause if it is I will be very happy.
YouCuteAndAllBut you got no ass
Mom kinda has that position.
She is head of the family.
You can be 13th lady.
Don't worry.
212 are dead.
right?!
dang no more me around school anymore.
WOW!
I'm just listening and waiting for you to poke your eyes out!
Today was great!
.
talk to a cop.
Calmer  Older occupiers just chatted w some.
Use the power of human communication to reach them.
If I was a dude I would wanna ball right noww..
so frustrated w/ everythingg..
Sure, I like kids well enough.
It's just that, at the end of the day, I want to be able to leave the country and never see them again.
Reading about Native American doctorss and how they incorporated European styles, fabrics into their wardoctorbe.
It all sounds so fabulous....
hahahaha I told them to do that to you ;
I feel like bustin' loose....
C.
Brown
Me!
They do not have to use the blocks!
Just show me!
yeah you do!
Lol we have 3 albums out now and a brand new one coming in a couple months!
And no prob :
Got questions on seniorshealth?
Send them to Kathy Greenlee now
Keep inspiring the fans and artists out there right?
No sugar  flour.
If u want to go a little easy on it, no sugar  white flour.
U don't have 2b perfect, just better than good.
Atkins diet 
My last name happens to be Buckley.
That's the only thing interesting politically about me.
Chris Buckley on Morning Joe
the ketchup chips were gross  haha but thank you!
Feeling sick to my stomach seeing D rose being helped into the locker room
3 cheers for multiple devices.
That's how I managed to keep my iPhone from dying...
using my iPad for tweeting.
:D
Tell Coop he can thank me later for all of those long countless hours of tutoring I did!!!
Friday morning at Sierra...Yoga, Spinning, or Zumba?
Decisions, decisions...
:
I like to check all of my social networks and play with my nose piercing before I go to bed.
Dani Moz sets her Roland keyboard on fire as her lightning quick fingers hammer the ivory.
You can see her live performance  the Cantab now
do u have any fam here in LA?
im good feelin great..
can't wait for rehearsal tonite : tomorrow i perform
Love can be so confusing...
smasha!
Where are you?!
Morning girl :
RT : RT : MT U're not a patriot if U vote 4 a man who hides assets in foreign nations 2 avoid paying taxes!
Humility is the embarrassment you feel when you tell people how wonderful you are.
Ran into an Iraqi Jew while writing about struggles over representation a la Stuart Hall at a cafe.
Our conversation was immensely helpful.
I'm not even kidding he's my boyfriend now.
Really?
So he'd be fine coming off the bench for Miami?
I suppose that makes more sense than here
Six fuckin' years!
hi Shay we are in the area and we would like to interview you after our lunch.
We are at Brew Pub now.
man u up already?
Wait what does what mean?!
Successful night?
PS can I borrow your hunger games necklace?
I want people to know I read alot.
;
Yess Ma'am!
I'm good.
How's life with you?
Still busy editing  working out?
Long time no see.
That would help too.
And the fact that the On Demand games are usually games that have been out for a while don't help, since
I'm home.
I love my home!
It's all homelike and stuff.
I WAS HELPPING OUT FOR MY SISTER MAKE A WISH PARTY AN I LOVE THE SMURFS
Found you, Vucifer!
Now upload a picture instead of the egg.
Oh yeah ?
Can't wait to hear all about it!
I had a bit of insomnia last night until I decided to have some somnia instead.
I hate not talking to my babe..
Happy 91st birthday, Ray Bradbury!
What is this stuff?
Oh, it must be rain!
I have been their almost a day n u are treating me different i wish i were the old you
If Memorial Day is for remembrance shouldnt Labor Day be a day we work?
NonLabor Day doesnt have a good ring to ithave a great weekend!
In a doctor , On my way to lightboxdc for CherryBlast : Extremely large sound system tonight...
You should definitely try our website.
We have quick fill scholarships and can pair you with the one you r most likely to win.
Senior spirit week next week.
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU 
Bizarre Bazaar was a waste of ..all jewelry and food..Christmas show is much better
I have to hand it to him  KB is one clueless motherfucker.
He is employed by the Spurs.
Patty Stephens's class The Human Voice: Jazz Style has a recital on 3/22  The Cooperage.
It's FREE!
Come along!
You mean the world to be but wtf?
Chuck Norris doesn't need Twitter  He's already following you chuckle D
No one understands me and how i really feel.
I hide it all but no one feels the pain and stress i deal with every day from when i wake up
Got work in study hall today ..
join us at Cheesie's Pub  Grub on May 6 from 126pm.
Support an antibullying play focusing on gay youth.
Chefs are jamming to EMF's Unbelievable at this Vietnamese restaurant.
Food is good though.
walkhard just seemed like the appropriate hashtag for no reason at all.
I love sitting on planes in rows with a baby.
Rarely does anyone voluntarily take the middle seat!
even with 45Mbps up and down, Adobe Connect unstable.
I dunno; too unstable.
Would Singlespeaker mode improve?
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do.
So I take every opportunity  Cameron Diaz
Burnham on The Travels of Hildebrand Bowman makes me wonder how teachable the text might be.
Pair with Gulliver's Travels?
Thanks for the follow UStringsoA!
:
Good Luck today...
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new!
Can't you see that you're smothering me, Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control.
Power's out all over San Diego County  south Orange County.
E is giving little to no info.
What's going on!?!
wow that's really mean
We aint gon always c eye 2 eye so compromise, and I just want you hold me down three sixtyfive
Myth 1 about informal learning  its too unstructured.
But with clear instructions, learners can work towards goals set out ahead of time!
I think I need to go to the Derby someday.
First class though.
Not a place to be partying with the peasants, no offense to the peasants.
What comes out of the mind is what you put in the mind.
You must feed your mind like you feed your body.
Norman Vincent Peale
I'm gonna be 41  I still can't program a VCR or do the armpit fart!
Preparing daughter for tonights prom.
What a melancholy moment.The years go swiftly.
Sick of games, wish I cld b told straight up no hiding behind the bush so I can take the right action
The game is rigged.
hope i dint freak u out, scare you or offend u in anyway
LOL.
No pics, not the right environment.
looks like we're not hiring interns till summertime.
Love hearing Cleveland's 'Invincible' on NFL network pre doctorft show!!
I didn't think about doing it that way.
Thanks, I'll look into it.
It Watched the movie Waiting lastnite.and again night now..LOL love the tats on your neck..
: 
It wasn't working and I momentarily freaked because, you know, Game of Thrones.
studying for a state exam
thank you :
haha!
Yeah I know!!
It's not fair!
Well remember we have just two more exams.
And then we are FREE!
into a music store and play their pianos..
:
I know
Wish you could combine your website, web store, and blog all into one cohesive website?
...We can help!
Ask yourself, Am I being productive or just busy?
Thank you for following  the Custom Tailored Clothing Specialists in New York !
wishing a very HappyNewYear2012  painfree year!
Taking your words to heart, though, for sure...and still have so much to learn.
oh cool!
it's a good picture of you.
my avi is a little old...I think 2 years haha I'm just too lazy to change it :P
Don't let winter weather keep you inside.
Come out 4 happy hour from 4  6 pm w/ 2 pints  1/2 price apps.
Then it's Trivia Tuesday at 9 pm
I think you should create a new twitter name .
Another fantastic night of local music at  thanks to the amazing performers and the fans for everything!
FanOF
Doing my part to support economy
aliens directors cut is on cinemax and princessbride is on another channel going to be tough to work and decide what to watch
I'm sure links will be up on Twitter by halftime
suffering is not an option.
I'm suffering looking  my frowning accountant
Think you'll make an appearance at Austin City Limits this year?
:
RT : Until and catapulted me into the Twittersphere : // You had me at hello.
8D
We have cable.
I just looked at the tv and it came on.
It's like I have super powers tonight.
You were absolutely brilliant on the edshow tonight.
Thank you, for being a voice of reason on this issue!
RT : Broadway Arcade store opened late last night.
Still lots of work to do to make it perfect.
Wtf lmfaoo stupid ass immature bitches.
bet she is proud of u 2.
Not at all .
RT : Why do I keep seeing the name boosie on my TL....
Is he really that important??
That sound's so good right now.
haha xoxox's
sweet, lemme know how much you like it :D
mY NAME IS  i just logged into carls twitter.
Being a girl sucks sigh
WOW, you weren't lying when you told me you were
I will not fail this test today!!!
RT : It's TRUE, ZN AND THE CITY!
Taking ZUMBA to NYC!
Cheers to ZNing!
Well that's true.
Have a good weekend yourself!
Namaste.
:
Free ground shipping on all sales over 100.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 5934
Your habits are taking over your work, friends,  even the restroom.
I fear if you keep going down this path it may ruin  end your life.
Go Steelers!!!
I miss you too!
We need to hang out this weekend.
I don't think Im doing anything.
Are you?
ill tell you tomorrow!
Lol
Kneedeep in info about vintage Fujitsu word processors.
Thumbshift keyboards are really nifty.
WTF does swagg really mean anyways?!
Its an idiotic term.
: how about letting yur fans text n pay their orders on thier phone?
You know what?
That is spot on, lol!
:D!
thts cuz most ppl c u as 3he shy girl who never talks haha
.ff So Many!
To my new Russian followers ALL I wish you great outcomes in your upcoming elections.Put People NOT Institutions 1st
send some links
Really want to play a high stakes game of scrabble with my old friends.
We were blown away by FirstSquad last night And then it was extended.
Speedoctorels says don't miss out on this one!
Hey Milwaukee!
Please follow our family in the twitterverse:
I need an extra battery
Tell my editors.
LegalShield.
You can only get a membership from an authorized associate.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
UGHH SO TRUE IT GETS ON MY NERVES WHEN I HEAR THAT ANNOYING SENTENCE IN MY EARS!
Hi.
You're new nickname is DylPickle..
alrightt?
;D
Peter Kageyama takes the stage and asks Why should we emotionally engage with our cities?
What do you think?
lol ikr...That would make my night.
Wishes I was Rygar, fighting beasts and monsters in the middle of nowhere.
Defeating them, over and over.
That's the life worth living.
forgot to mention, that sign was for a childoctorn's swing ride.
one day imma ask u to borrow 400 in hopes that u will actually hand me 1500.
Just booked the Beaumonts for a dinner show Thurs., March 8 at 6:30.
Bassist Dave Goldstein's Last gig before going to Boston.
Reserve NOW!
Stone Child College defeats Turtle Mountain 8067 to move on against Blackfeet C.C.
2012AIHEC women's basketball championships...
Let's put this technology to the test!
cc RT : Don't forget to cast your vote tonight SHEA MARTY or
I liked it!
I'll keep watching.
:
basically haha!
they all just pass through on their way to rehabbers and such.
he's covered I'm yours :'
3WordsOfAdvice GET A LIFE
Jim JungUn assassinated and Iran shuts down their internet.
Finally I join a gym that plays both Remedy and Lagrange in the same workout!
Yes, it would be great if lots of people were willing to clean out their selfcriticism.
Did you see the video?
haha ima have to talk to y'all seperately
ok, if the internet can't help us, i'll come see it again, take a picture of the cards and share it with you....
Let me take a hit if dat doja
Better late than never!
How are you amigo?
I am totally blessed watching SBN on my iPhone.
Mama G needs gear!
:
There is only one reason I'm still awake now...
waiting hopeful  havethingschangedyet?
The random text message he sent me haha!
I love him!
3
I miss you miss freckles
11:11 and Say Somethin' are both pure perfection.
Memorial Health System CEO doctor Larry McEvoy left his position earlier this month.
Home Alone 2 is one of my favorite movies of all time :
Be looking out for the long awaited album RESURRECTED from PriestHood Family.
anointed
...
tired ...
done studying for now.
comfy bed time
Love playing tuba with an organ.
It exposes any and all flaws in pitch /intonation.
If Obama offers Huntsman a job tomorrow, will he take it n put the country first?
can't wait to look at the prom photos that my senior role models, girls, took, i think all three of them were together getting ready too3
my cousin met you in Brisbane recently with her boyfriend, I'm so jealous!
You girls are my biggest inspiration!
Xoxo
that's what I want ....
open for dinner come get some good food and enjoy your sunday the right way
Thank you!
The SRE was honored to perform in tribute to YoYo.
So glad you enjoyed it.
Pitbull performing now!!!
Yeeee o!!!!
Dale
Just found a dollar bill on the ground.
Gonna be a good day?
watched some sick fireworks last nite with my besties: 3 so much fun
haha.
They'll still be on FSN if you want to get your fix
odd thing I learned today: crocheting something that doesn't look like a scarf makes you popular on the bus.
Lots of questions.
Wow!
Listen to Wilbur Ross' most recent interview with Charlie Rose !
YES!
YES!
YES!
hahahah justin beiber is trending in Atlanta.
: One time I was giving my ex a blowjob and instead of cumming he peed in my mouth.LMFAO!!!!
I need you on our mixtape bro DFG Group of the year DM me...
Hi Karol!
Just found you through Loved your blog and your mission/message and immediately purchased HTLA.
Could use a little beach this weekend!
I know, all my stuffs in my dads hosue in mullingar, im gonna have to get alex to brng something for m to wear i think!
Everyone is like Oh please pick me for the ipod, but it brightens up my day even with just a new keek or tweet 3
pa la próxima
Bun B here.
The community is here.
yeowch!
to me that says we want to make this very difficult for you but usually ppl just don't know how inconvenient faxing is
My girlfriend is like Febuary 30th, she doesn't exist.
thanks.
Wind made it interesting but fun.
thanks sir!
You too.
Anything still happening down there?
outstanding.
Good work!
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say.
Luther  jasonhayes
: I think my BEST FRIENDS and I abuse each other more than the people we hate haha yeaah ;
If you ladies are looking for some arm candy, I've got plenty of Kit Kats tucked in this shoulder holster
Almost Game Time Let's Go Oregon...
If they get swept, you have to retool the team.
Stereotypes exist for a reason!
Like the stereotype that says that people who say stereotypes exist for a reason are dumb racists
UCSD.
I'm in campus IT/ed tech now instead of the library, but there's overlap.
u at CSUF?
Not severe but strong tstorm in northern Waukesha county, torrential rain and hail with this storm moving east into Milwaukee county.
i cant wait til u die and i hope Cena snaps ur neck with a chair.
And your eyes gush out while hes stomping your face!
Die Die die
thanks doll:
Deep breaths.
Everyone is a little nervous; you'll be great.
I'll DM you on here so if you gotta phone we can text
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Ikujiro Nonaka's model of organizational knowledge creation.
Yeah, I doctorve a car, but I converted it to run on dark energy
RT we only have 440 to go Follow us and include myGearStore in your tweet to be eligible for a Free iPod Touch 2G share!
BORED AS FUCK
cool!
RT :Special Black Friday hours, open from 97!
Enjoy 5 eyebrow waxing  stop in to enter a doctorwing to win big prizes!
BRIEF: Bloomington Parks amp; Rec softball  Chicago Tribune
One word PLAYOFFS!!!!
praying!!
Love you!!
we re working on it more this week!
Just you wait!
WellingtonBOPandTB I LOVE YOUU!!
HI ; Now say : i love you too natasha  in caps
that has to be my favorite tweet of the month.
Go Sato!
Writing music keeps me going!
When life gets you down, remember that Patrick McIlheran no longer writes for the JournalSentinel and things will look a little better.
Baseball season, phresh Rock n' Roll, what could be better, except red meat on the grill?
Like this status if your excited to hear about the TWO shows we are announcing THIS WEEK!!!
Just seen my bitch while riden :
this was so sweet of you...
proud of you
Gilded Lilys was fantastic!
I really enjoyed it!
Excited for my johnsonville morning sausage and packer football, both which will start soon.
hey hey hey
What other pitch festival gives u Universal, Sony, 20th Century Fox, Warner Bros, WME, UTA, Paradigm, Gersh, MGM, ICM?!
Exactly!
Mel Kiper's hair is dominating the doctorft day conversation on ESPN and rightfully so!
Follow the 2012 NFL doctorft in FanCake!
I hate the feeling of stepping on a hairbrush!!
It freaks me out!
20 days left of school.
That's how you forecheck for real!
I heard that is a communist.
Proper nutrition is all about providing your body with a balanced mix of nutrients, minerals, and vitamins
I mean, I don't mind family having a twitter account, just keep it to yourself.
I feel like we all need to go out doctornking, think of it as spring training for our livers
Things are busy but good.
How about with you?
Hi, It dosent look like u need tips..u look great!
Anyway for tips and information, do like me and follow
When I fist saw the FF tag I thought that people on Twitter were really hip to the FishFry scene...
RT : We're here at SIC and looking to chat with some talented Designers about joining our team.
can you give...
Where 10 friends are lost, an old one is regained c:
he had 17 points in the 4th quarter
and youre going to take your best friend3
No: : Get Started Today 230 Today, Using Twitter 100 FREE To Join!
www.GreatCareerPath
I wish I was at Fenway.
I do that ALL the time!
Stood in front of the TA office at ASU for 23 minutes once with my car keyfob.
DUH!
Does signing up for a future something that scares me count as my scary thing for the day?
No?
Are you sure?
Love my Pastor Oswald Hart....he always keeps it 100........Bless
It's gonna be interesting as to how Broncos fans will feel about Manning.
They lose Tebow, but gain Manning.
Oh boy, finishing up some incometax stuff.
My favorite thing to do.
Where's that tea party going to be held?
I worry a lot.
shit jus work I'm here now I get off at 1 and skool
We think so, too!
How is everything in VT?
:
I've forgotten how to hang out with people if alcohol isn't involved.
I want ice cream really bad :
This has been a very interesting night ...
;D
What ever happened to all that hope and change?
great day of data crunching.
I have graphs!
You can be whatever you want when you grow up...except for what you actually want to be.
groceries for my family : Tank of gas : Whats the most expensive luxury item you have bought recently?
you are on a roll tonite with the kanye west!!
Thanks.
I wasn't following this specific one but now am.
burnin, the midnight oil again, eh?
Event on SEO Strategies is officially February 28th.
Registration details coming soon!
If followed me, I don't know what I'd do..
After taking the red eye from SFO to CLE, who from thinks its a good idea to keep the new blue ambient lights on the whole time?
I mean you'd scar the poor boy for life!
Gonna listen to ,  all night because I'm beyond excited to see them tomorrow 33
Even they get on my last nerve, i still love both of them to the end and i knoe theyll always be there.
Happy Mothers day Granny  Momma.
3
have so much homework, but no adderall....
What you doing here in naptown
DecidedToMakeALongHashtagAndIThinkImDoingPrettyWellAtIt.
I win :
TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS My high school water polo team from 1979...
Slightly dazed I walk outside and my cars gone..
because Peyton is a Bronco?
Baby steps.
thanks and thanks for all that you do  your two books have totally transformed and inspired me  keep rocking!
so are you Catherine's older sister or younger sister?
Or maybe he's trying to tell me something?
Like step away from the machine!
red.
orange.
yellow blue:
State Rep.
John Benson calls it beyond belief that Transit amendment is being debated at 2 am  bring this foolishness to a halt!
I meant www.westernsmokehousebbq.com.
She ain't tweetin' yet y'all.
When exactly did the right to peaceful assembly and protest on the UC campuses disappear?
Gmorning world minus the hangover thank god I stayed home.
Time to ride and be a foreman at the malibu house.
Celebrate caps win by seeing GOON at  best bloody funny foulmouthed funny hockey film ever!
Thursday only!
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips it's turn.
haha is that a hippie?
Young male white actors named Taylor.
Stop it.
Stop it now!
google George Carlin and male names.
How can something feel so good knowing that it's wrong ?
..
Always have!
Still think y'all are the best of the singing competition shows!
Haven't missed a show since season 1!
If I die tweeting just push me off to the side.
Summer 2012 will be AMAZING!!!!
I need a nap already
hey K, are you for real?
You have to be joking or you just have no idea what's going on?
How can you not have all day?
George Carlin
I say a Hosmer bunt breaks up the perfect game in the 8th.
Refreshments served!
For info call: 9727275 or .
I think that it is time for a new uniform, pal.
holy shit did i black out hard last night
Last night I doctoramt that I was at work.
Then I woke up and went to work.
I didn't think I was a modernist experiment.
This blows.
glad you made it back!
Recovery International Tool of the Day: We can break old habit patterns.
Seeking: Regional Director for New York Compliance Consulting Firm Recruiting, hiring, training, managing, and motivating your professorssional
Not sure if that gutwrenching scream and falling sound from upstairs neighbor was the ER kind of noise or the happy kind.
cc
and the fares keep going up, service  reliability down.
Well good day everyone..I am outtiezz!!
I want the shoes Kobe are wearing
well you have me on fb twitter and instagram remember i was tge 1st to post up pictures and tag on em.
So let me know when next
politics are gross and messy, but no matter how you vote make sure you pay attention.
believe in what you're voting for, nobodys right/wrong
haven't been here much this last week startin a new job  have ben sick all week mostly work  sleep but I luv my new job
Mmhmm, that is how I'm taking it.
She's jealous of this mousekateer because he will make it big!
Afraid of competition.
This is why I don't doctornk...
Ugh
When a bitch call me from they nigga phone saying this his girl, who you?
that dick give em CONFIDENCE!
This ain't your oldl NYC.
Someone just bumped me in Times Square  I accidentaly doctorpped a flyer.
3 ppl immediately told me to pick it up.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 47
Sometimes I think running away is the only solution.
10waystodie ; eat something poisonous.
Don't do the walk of shame in this awful weather.
That's what we're here for.7227696 24/7
did u just get the patent 4 this?
Add inventor to ur resume lol
Not much time for fun reading with a 6/6, but I bought Cloud Atlas and Sense of an Ending in anticipation of May.
Those on the spectrum can make great employees.
Thanks for shining a light!
Finishing Lucuma Suspiro prep for Taste of the Nation
Ladies  time for lunch tomorrow?
Need to chat with ya.
Boy you ain't gotta be shy , let me know how you feel 
When you are feeling down, do something for someone else and see how it transforms your state of mind
After a long day sipping on Kendell Jackson and listening to a 90's compilation and to all my ladies Kendell Jackson is patron daddy
could use an intern today.
where you at
BLACK FRIDAY SPECIAL: next 3 people who sign up with our HOME Internet service get a free WIRELESS N ROUTER!
Call for more info 3614294758
No I'm the celebrities call for their kids birtgday parties : 
not much just trying to survive this awful heat.
How r u doing?
Yes didn't go so well..tehy are almost gone ...
no will power to throw them away!
Really gonna miss my boys.
first he did
This rain is brutal.
RIP Jimmy Junebug Jackson.
Tragic to say goodbye to you so soon.
I just screamed and cheered for five minutes straight!
I am SO happy for you Jermaine  for yr futr
ugh this week better go by fast
in Beverly Hills tonight
KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
Watching the amazing Hilary Lindsey and Liz Rose tonight!
loool I didn't get it till I had said it aloud and my friend was like what at jerry?
Lolololol
The Artist?
Well, TSN tried.
And failed.
A silent movie to honor a quiet day.
Want sound?
Talk to Brian Burke.
Nothing to do today
IWantToPunchPeopleWho cancels plans at the L A S T minute .
Patrick, that was AMAZING!
Thanks for being our first follower !!
You must be a history buff!
dude I knew that was you!
I had just got done getting ink at HFBL...
Joseph Arthur  Honey And The Moon  10:10 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
That was disgusting.
I can see the library I'll be working in from my reference classroom.
Can't wait to start!
John Steinbeck: Ideas are like rabbits.
You get a couple, learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
oh ok then I'll get it tomorrow how much did u get
Jefferson picked Duke?
Probably a good thing Cslipari backed out on playing Indiana.
Massive mosquito alert  what's the 1st thing I grab?
A canvas..
evidently I planned to paint it to death.
Now I have to sleep w/1 eye open
Heartbroken.
I can't wait til season 2
same here duder!
They're one of my favorites!
Have you seen them live?
Everyone plz follow my friend
thanks Chris!
Well hun Leviticus 21:14 He must not marry a widow, a divorced woman, or a woman defiled by prostitution.
Trying to fight my sleep, smh
Happy 16th Birthday , I hope you have great one too : YOLM 3
Would like to talk with you about mutual interests.
Hope to see you at the show.
today I'm thankful for knowing how to tie my shoes
Beer Hoptacular!
Adventures in Craft Beer Tasting, Home Brewing  DIY fun this June 4  5, Aragon Ballroom, Chicago confirmed!
More soon!
Thank you and thank you for seeing me yesterday!
I'll be in touch.
RT : very cute!
And professorssional :
Feel shit thanks .
Worst part about mornings: attempting to get out of your warm comfy bed!
u have 5 mil.
followers, I have 41...I'm getting there..slowly but surely...lol
call me.!
More like rocket fuel.
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy.
Mike Ditka

who I imagine I'm getting it on with when I'm with my GF
Have a big date tonight.
It includes my couch, flannel PJ's, and a bottle of Four Graces given to me by a client..
I absolutely can't wait
Not yet  RT : Has any made a FullMonty joke yet?
Meeting with committee more; you can call it a shame culture, but it also amounts to more faculty involvement.
so bored D:
JUSTICE WILL BE MADE.
R.I.P TRAYVON ..
BUT EVERYONE NEEDS TO NOT GET IGNORANT CUS SHIT COULD LEAD TO WAR AND EXTRA SUCH AND SUCH
your fans TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it 333
hey dearest friendhow r ya???
kisses luv ya3
Atta boy CarGo
hey girl hey!
teach me how to tweet some more
We are located on Monona doctor  Cottage Grove Rd  stop in sometime!
I'd rather not;
Getting my hair sewn in 
Save the warehouse!
few have seen, all can never forget.
U can go harder or U can go HOME
I've been good.
Been working extra hard.
trying to make this money.
HOw have you been MsEradicate?any new ignorant people?
Have a safe  fun July 4th!
Shoot me now.
you are just a wannabe.
All your antics and yet nowhere near Floyd in star power
Never say Never33
Dear UNC, Don't touch the ball on Duke's 3!
Thanks.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Isaac Asimov
Thanks everyone for your concerns!!
I am doing just fine.
Just want to get back to Vegas in one piece..
Happy Birthday!!!!
RT : Everyone go wish the FROBOT himself, , a very Happy Birthday!
My heart is heavy today and I'm working through it with tears...
I cannot wait to move.
I'm using CoTweet and not seeing any RT's that I send using its Retweet function.
I only see them if I edit to add RT Help?
Living in the sky I can't get no higher than this 
Missed Another Tweeting Spree...
Maybe Soon My Day Will Come.
Have An Amazing Show, Hunter.
Love You :
I'm perpetually 10 min late like my life depends on it.
lets do i t
What a great time we had with the music dealers from the IMAGE group who stopped by for a visit this week!
yes i do!
I knew you'd like them 
Ok..mom doctorving me home...I don't know how people function on valium..
There is so much anger brewing inside of me
Subscribe to YouTube channel.
Hit the playlist!!
you are a promoter?
I told my mom she's a facebook hoe 
Need to find sum SERIOUS artist to do dis tour wit....
I'm just not believing it
There's A Place Lennon sings about the places he retreats to in his mind, but without a careful listen the song seems to be about a gir
THIS is why you are a goddess !
RT : smiles Friends get perks.
It's not about receiving a letter, it's about reading what's in it.
Just received my google doctorve invite
Big things for the month of April!
Thanks to our newest followers and keep entertaining us with your wonderful tweets!
Man!
If I here on more person say, wow that's a big camera!
I am going to smack 'em up side the head.
The only way a person can be unhappy in love is when he/she interrupts the destiny of a person whose meant to love someone else.
truevoice
is off to bed knuckleheads!
EXACTLYY!!!
Its the smartest thing ever!!!
That way we still stay Sexyass skinnybitches!!
:3
that's just above our community college!
Haha
this will make more sense when you see the doctorw Something thing, but : I meant Dec.
23rd
Just keeping the theme consistent.
Sitting in my PJ bottoms  tshirt at home getting things done!
Feels real good, hope everyone is having a great day.
Thanks!
And, umm, about that fools thing...
; You know I'm just kidding!
What is your favorite way to get exercise?
i can't wait to see you play again : you definitely gotta come to san diego with FOTF!
Just witnessed a woman spray 7 different fragrances on herself.
God has used many4 many battles this week.
Fighting2keep people a live.
I thank God4using me.
Some fights ended N some meeting GOD.
No good at all.
Does that mean you're out a job, too?
Why in the world is the news reporting on Duchess's scar and not the change in the laws of succession?
This oral history is compulsively entertaining, though it wraps up before the real golden age of the music video.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers!!!!
:::
thanks for the photos!
Love it there.
It's so pretty.
M...will have to try that!
Thanks!
When I use my iPhone while it's plugged into my car charger, I feel like I'm using a car phone from the 90's.
this sounds familiar
Proposal accepted for the 2010 conference of KySTE.
Designing for online.
we had a wonderful conversation !
Love you sis :
do u have facebook??
Thanks!
Much appreciated!
Set a goal to run 50 miles this month and lose 5 lbs.
Portland can be far too sensitive sometimes.
From now on, all jokes we do will be about Canadians, because for some reason it's still okay.
Been at the parade all morning now at pizza hut.I wanna be asleep
I wonder when the GOP will issue an official thank you to the president for lowering gas prices....now down 23cents!
I'm house hunting in Atlanta.
I am thinking about buying a house.
ok, verizon/apple, announce the stupid verizon iphone already.
just do it.
come on.
Web hosting contract up later this year.
Anyone want to recommend a good, reliable web host?
.500 team with 30 games left, realistically they need to win 20 to sneak into the playoffs.
Unrealistic to think they can do it
Thanks so much!
She's perfect, we're completely in love with her, can't wait for you to meet her!
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets Alan.
So many men and women deserving of our gratitude and more.
Thank you vets.
thanks so much for the well wishes!
:
Standing room only
Instagram is ruining photography!
ha!
I think it's bout time I say goodbye
Missing geometry today :
I'm so in love with my bed
Petition signing day successful!
It was wonderful meeting so many of our neighbors in 5 groups of 2.
Pix coming!
My work week is finished.
Looking forward to coasting for a few days.
Reading Tarot and the Bible by Corinne Heline.
Love her books!
My wife, daughter,  I look forward to meeting you, too.
Safe travels.
OH SNAP!
Look who followed me on Twitter.
My day is MADE.
Go do your homework.
Sorry Iris has a full book today.
But let us know your availability for next week.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
omg r u dying?
LMFAO Champagne Showers....
Congrats to for winning 4 tickets to tomorrow's game!
Thanks to everyone who entered!
Looking for Cinematographers,Camera operators  Crew interested in shooting a movie.
Email
Women could learn a thing or two from arctic penguins, be cute and don't bitch about shit
2007 Chevriot CA Pinot Noir 12 was pretty darn good.
Heavy red cherry aromas, smells kinda dusty, lively on tongue, nice finish going down
Why does etsy have such cute stuff!?
Lol!
I was thinking the same thing.
Chin down!
Chin down!
is it league rule or team rule?
Search on the map the latitude the length allowed MapQuest Consumer selection for the Internet map and routes :
I think the key is focusing on how Walker is bad for Wisconsin.
We've got a chance with him.
Worst case is he won't vote at all.
At the wonderbread factory in my hood.
Great scene, happy to see this building being used!
I'm apartment hunting now
It's a Ferris Buller kind of day in Seattle.
I wonder how many people called in sick today?
Scott Hall Arrested: Former WWE Star Is Perfect Example of Wasted Talent
whats your favorite clothing line?
: Thanks, Elle!
Backatcha!
Glad I was able to make some sense.
Finally out of work.
And I'm totally loving this weather!
:
good to see you last night at
Song recommendation: I'm Not A Gangsta by !

Whatever God ALLOWED you to be excluded from, was really just HIM protecting you.
Back at you.
RT : What challenges do institutions face in leadership when instilling moral  ethical standards?
I need an necklace.;
Felt like watching an old movie so I'm watching Night and the City with Richard Widmark.
I've done it..
it's hard!
esp.
for this kind of piece
who making movies?
??!!!
blasting lowkey chick
Geesh I am full..
Back to work ;
Going to to see what art is showing.
I hope i can get some miami fans to join my twitter page, i have to rep for my 305 friends ;
Happy St.
Patricks Day tweeps, don't forget to wear your Green Bay Packers green today!!
;
Good Luck to the Brewers tonight!!!!
Brewers vs.
Cardinals tonight at 8:05pm Eastern on TBS
thank you!
Glad ppl liked the geeky me ;
Peace, love and Music!
Kitchen Nightmares is on CMT.
I hate when I try and help a friend feel better and it doesn't help..
/;
you are already paying for it.
They call it the ER.
Siona Benjamin an Indian Jewish artist living in New Jersey.
struggling with identity issues Check out her art www.zanbeelart.com
Montaluce Winery is Sells its wines online to Georgia buyers
No Prob.
Will Do!
Follow Me Bak!
Perf!
8pm?
Where again?
I think I totally lost my confirmation on it.
I can't find the deets ANYWHERE.
I wanna dance, and love, and dance again
them and idk what to do D:
Let me get this straight  you need a photo ID to take an SAT to prevent cheating, but you don't need one to vote.
What a country!
Always be diffrent and unique
Facebook just bought instragram.
Melo is my nigga but I don't fuck with the Knicks
thanks for letting us know!
We'll get right on it.
I don't have shelves in my office.
Just filing cabinets.
So I can have invisible standards.
Officially a lin fan....
NBA Go Knicks!!
shoutout to all my new followers
Our next play is SQUAWK It's from Feb.
1626.
It is a fun play about peace, imagination, and features some feathered friends!
check it out!
I think that girl deserves her own subscription!
;
I disagree.
The safety of a billion dollar industry should concern the senate.
Maddoxout of control...can you please stop crying for two seconds?!
congrats on the Babe Ruth award.
Let's go 2012....Freese for MVP!
no he at work to :
Phone battery death  problematic when you have much to tweet!
Lessons for next time.
Thank you staffers for the SILtweetup!
A much deserved shower of sweetness!
I had the Midan AlTahrir and a chard I believe, unless it was a chard blend....
hey do u still wanna be my wife xx
from discussing emphasis placed on comm at his shop  tool for doctorving impact
Ehh gym .
Tryna build my body
I heart people watching  its so much fun
Regretting the dirty chai at Starbucks.
I just don't love all their sugar / bitter espresso anymore.
Need me some Espresso professorta Westwood.
true story.
but still!!!
happy birthday  :
Dinner menu: mashed potatoes, snapped green beans, barbecue lamb, and some cornbread.
Mmmmhmmmm.
Can't wait till 6!
You know what its the ones you care about most that dont give a shit about you...and the ones you push away that care way too much
you are awesome and such an encouragment to all of us ...and you still need to give me a call this week!
get me out of Chicago already!
Bc, really, we dont all use iPhones or build them, but everyone uses plastic, doctorves, or breathes.
Oh  they call Exxon HQ 'The Death Star'
going to the gym everyday starting today
RT : We're giving away a Roku a day until xmas!
Answer holiday trivia for chance to win.
Stay tuned for 1st round!
hope your knee is good bro Spartans need you go state!!
Really proud of the lacuevabears boys trackandfield team 4 being JV City Champs!
We won 3 relays, the 100,200,400, and both hurdle races!
what would you like me to call you?
The funny thing is...I truly believe Twitter is at the most basic level a more valuable company than Facebook.
Sunflower Cupcake Cake for 12.95!
Is that right?!
if you wear crocs,
Hope you've been enjoying the videos, but it looks like I have to tell YouTube to stop posting every little thing I do!
:
Accountability is about ensuring that the things that have to be done to reach your busines goals, get done.
It all starts with you.
its interesting going to a spanish ward...
very interesting ;
democrabeep to the people on the Sauk City bridge!
Same to you Dan!
Now it's time to doctornk.
its a been a long while since i been on here..ima start getting back on here
would you and ever do a song about man purses and man skirts??
I'm curious to learn why no one from class is commenting or collaborating on our page?
Are you thinking the semester is over?
that awkward moment when youre in a crowd of people  you accidentally hold a guy's hand next to you thinking its your boyfriend's hand
Who against the heat tonite?
Check engine light on again wtf man!!!!!
In baseball, Albert Pujols and the St.
Louis Cardinals are closing in on a deadline to hammer out a new contract.
www.coachescorner.com
Smh, i have nothing to even say!
sorry.
I cringe a the thought.
Im getting nervous o.O
happy 16th love ya ellen 3
Hm, i feel horrible that I feel like i should know what A and M ur speaking of.
I was thinkin' S and D!
lol
woo that's awesome!!
:D
I want a sunbed!!
I have some DJ's gigs for a catering company in San Antonio for events such as Weddings, Proms, etc with GREAT PAY and paid travel
what time do gates open?
TONIGHT ON THE PULSE!!!
and live in the mix from 14 AM with and !!!!!!!
are you cleaning?
Okay, clearly you are horribly out of touch with how things work in NYC.
More SAGMore competitors.
Simple math.
That is a fantastic deal.
better than some of the music I won on ebay today.
that's right.
Now you have to come back.
Thanks for being a part of today and giving us you valuable feedback!
NYC temps.
in the 70s and Dallas temps.about 40s.
Whats wrong with this picture?
Check out the RedCarpet tomorrow and then join us for a wonderful evening of music
I think this has a chance at being, quite literally, the most adorable thing I've ever seen.
tell him he more than welcome.!
Ima come kidnap him so he can stay w/ me lol.
He so freakin cutee.!!!!
3 love you two so much.
I hope you're both having a wonderful Mother's Day 
if it turns out good
thanks for following us, look forward to learning more about VT store!!
you know it!
I've been saying that for weeks now!
Someone will listen eventually.
Ans: The 18th Amendment.
Pres.
Wilson attempted to veto the Volstead Act, but was overridden by Congress a day later.
Nice!!!!
I'm gonna check it out now!
RT : Planning for is well under way!
We have a fantastic line up of speakers for our own theatre.
It's going to be...
That's awesome to hear, I'll have to check them out.
Kinda gave up on them a few years ago.
Shabbatshalom!
Tomorrow  services and special guest Consul General of Israel to NY, Ido Aharoni  hope to see you there!
Never criticize Americans.
They have the best taste that money can buy.
Miles Kington
Thanks!
SPTS has a new guide.
I think it helped.
EIM's prep is too indepth for the exam but a good review for sure
I'm not really feeling this whole school thing today..
Heat got them a win now it's time for the thunders....
LETS Go OKC
So cute!
I live with my sister and it's the best.
You killed it last night in Massacre.
Thank you for your courageous performance!
thank you so much.
My family gives me strength.
Just enough to not kill them all.
exhausted just got in say a prayer or two for me and my fam tonight
I expect, like me, you'll be both, in that order.
: I use to give a damn, but I never gave a fuck.
Allergies mom :
Finally on nonreporting probation thanks God hope everyone has a wonderful day blows tweeters kisses
FineGrained Semantic Annotation Meeting for next 2 days.
Anyone got a cure for a quarter life crisis?
I'm at a crossroads and don't know where to turn...
teresa!!
Hoping to see you on the 21st!!
Can't wait to check out your cookbook and meet you in person!
xx
From a 3rd year guy.
Jennings on Leuer: Rook came in and did great job.
might have to give him the day off tomorrow.
CakePHP rocks it in a big way.
Really big.
Sure it's got its performance issues, but talk about flexibility!!
I didn't need to leave my chair!
How many feet is the Ferris wheel at Navy Pier in Chicago?
First correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to The Second City Performance....
Facebook changed their new layout  everyone hates it.
Looks like I'm buying stock in Google because Google will be gaining new users 2day
Thank you for visiting The Lube!
I just awoke from a very deep sleep and feel so much better.
Wow, what a day...
Going to san diego at the end of the month for high school reunion
go to work.
kids that rip is awsome we go every sat nite Jeff Hewitt built that place for the other jeff so his kids can train to skate
Trust me man I'd love to get out that way!
The day that's after our heart!
Love it.
Éirinn go Brách!
Omg Lol like they just sit there  keep annoying you on purpose, sometimes im just like go away or i'll stab u in ur eye lmao
I back this
And that's the day I realized I could do better.
Night guys!!
I'd get mad about the Sabres but I rather do what they do: shrug and state cliches.
Reverbnation got the track ''Unheard Cries'' as a download hooked up directly to paypal
haha take him and his sweater.
Flight?
I can be of some help.
How blessed are you to have Austin ad your nephew?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
LUV YOU :
Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time on you, but I can't let go.
omg.
What did they do to 21 jump street ?
Just saw a trailer that horrified me!
Awww got my little cap and gown for graduation.
:
Terry Bradshaw, treats it like it's just a game and the fans can relate to him.
.
thank you for the shout out!
it seems the legislation is sweeping the nation so hopefully we'll see you in MN!
also legs on shoulders really good one just lay back, minus the giz in the Belly button though lol
I need to be on vocal rest from now on.
I'm losing my voice from screaming and being sick.
ExOriole Clay Rapada coming in with a righty hitter on deck.
Rapada has been, uh, not good vs.
righties in his career.
Just finished runnin on the treadmill.
I told my mom I couldnt run anymore  she said just imagine waitin for u wen ur done
You're rich if other ppl's poverty prospers u.
The US would be more secure if half the defense budget aided the world's truly impoverished.
I'm almost positive I'll cry too!
I've been busy with work.
Other than that I'm great..
And yourself?:
We extend our sympathy.
Chiana:When you come home every day my doctorams come true.
Literally.
I actually doctoram about you coming home.
Ed has his own gym now called Trials MMA in Fort Collins, CO.
Just type Black Ops 2 on youtube, click filter and click uploaded today
RT : NEW Blog Post by Recipe for Foie Gras  Pecan Crack Snack Washington's City Club Charity...
and i wasted important saturdays.
Hey!
I swear I saw you at this gym last night lifting and almost ran into the window
have u finished ur vid yet????
Cracked and bought a pack.
Broke my eleven day streak.
Have Good Time At Class Ill Be Thing About You LOL
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy shot of Jameson, and that's kind of the same thing.
In the lib cafe and there aren't any LDPeople here
Happy Star Wars Day it is.
Gateway to Graduation Workshop was great
RT : SOUTH CAROLINA: Gingrich Leads Romney By Two Wives  misterBorowitz, keep the grins coming plz!
Must FF:
Lmao!
Yippee, its Friday!
Oh crap..I have a retail store...tomorrow is my Friday!
: Nice tie Glenn.
Never have more childoctorn than you have car windows.
Erma Bombeck
So over applying for jobs...
Come back Naptown chill again.
RT : Uh oh!
Devin The Dude is on twitter.
Follow him
sweet!
Without activism, nothing would change!
So I just noticed Jeff Francoeur all of a sudden has 19 SB's huh?
did he all of a sudden get faster?
...is it gonna cover the testicles on your back?
Terrific Constant Contact seminar going on: Grow Your Business on Facebook ctctfb  recorded session and PDF download available after
I went to Tattoo Mania on Sunset with some friends.
Only place open late and easy design
Someone's replaced my nephew with a GIANT.
On the plus side: he still laughs and chats in his sleep.
Annoying to parents, cute to Aunt Bevie
i cant wait to see you  the boyz back on ABDC!
BoyzAreBack BoyzHitABDC 
Who will Long Shot Podcast's elusive 1,000th Twitter follower be???
Very helpful article.
Thanks for sharing this :
A day I'll never forget ..
At least my sisters home 
GET THIS GIRL SOME MEAT!!!!!!!
SPOTTED.
Saw the sweet little face of randomly in a stream!!
It is normal to want to be connected to another.
Hello from Twitter!
We are looking forward to your concert with us at the end of the month!
:
UGH SOO FRUSTRATED.!!
LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH.!!
better be lol
Millions Watch and Share Film Aiming to Stop Ugandan LRA Leader
Decided to stop doctorgging my accounting knuckles and give a try.
Like what I see so far.
I wasn't!
I was sidelined with a date called sleep.
Lol.
I kno I kno that's bad!
Shame on me.
Heard it was great.
Yeah......you hoes know!
Panera for me too late lunch though.
Looks like a 2012 Acura RDX a pretty white one
Who's going to see Yes and PeterFrampton on June 23rd?
Be good this Cinco De Mayo...Dont doctorve doctornk...No Fighting...
wear your seat belts...there will be check points...be safe 3
RT : Getting ready for MichaelJackson show tonight tonight by pumping Greatest Hits in office right now.
weak.
my pone isn't cool enough to support getting messages from twitter.
by poor blows, but it's still better than jail.
Well i'm freaking shaking right now xD It's cold in my house.
Like an igloo.
Turned on the heated blanket, have some coffee.
So....G'Night3
I finally have a cool Twitter name I have to have something Hunger Games and thought of Peeniss
already left but will release one ccbya on flickr of the doctorgon :
So, Cap'n Blatche will be appropriately purchasing a threetoed sloth now, right?
That Durant dunk was nasty!
fashion styling tip: 15min AHEAD, you're on time.
On time, you're LATE.
15min LATE, you better pray they love your work.
Yes...
I love listening to on americanidol almost as much as visiting today!
Selfreflectiveness over the game design process is refreshing.
Yes, we're human, we make decisions, and mistakes.
Warning: Fells Point el.
al.
Cars must be removed from city snow emergency routes.
Abandoned vehicles will be ticketed and towed.
Ooh you Liked my tweet?
Now I know your dtf
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
yes you did once
OMG.
:D legitimate
Thanks for following I already did follow you all.
Just mention me if you were not:
Hey!
How you been?
Nama nala y
fridaylistens  still working on and loving Caleb's Crossing by Brooks
The best advice I got last year: Your discomfort doesn't matter.
Sounds harsh but typically true.
What is wrong with the NBC SuperBowl graphics?
Why cut off half the N of the NY on the down marker?
Did you test these things out?
...who are you and what have you done with ?
I was just messin with you cause you said you were speaking the Truth!
I think your hair is staying doctor, but you never know maybe we'll see a
You should.Do you want me ?
same here!
COYOTES SCORE!!!
MORRIS FROM THE RED LINE!!!
WOOHOO!!!
Haha right back atcha brotha!
Hope all is good on your end!
Any new word on Emerge in Sea?
;
we found a cigarette butt in my cat's stomach :p
I will.
Next Saturday
Free screening of POE Fri 3/9, Harvestworks Media Arts Center, 79pm.
Please RSVP to
Probably won't go out actually!
Skyrim!
bored...exhale
distance runners do alot more work then sprinters do
I'm great how are you?
:
Seems the biggest complaint with changes is that FB has the audacity to think it should decide what content is important to users.
Brilliant!
Tasty?
RT And here is our coveted 'Currytini' cocktail in all its glory!
pic.twitter.com/DAuCI9y
LUCKY CHANCHITO SURVIVES FALL OFF BOOKSHELF
Just pulled a curriculum planning allnighter  nursing a history hangover.
congrats dude!
Best luck to you!
See you at NFFTY2012!
Thanks to UNFCCC!
Please keep up the good work : And heartfelt greetings to Bonn, home :
well good luck to you on that.
Sincerly Big Fan :
Opening Thursday.
Acting Program presents, The Small of Her Back by Dana Lynn Formby.
was urs an open or closed sort?
How did u analyze the data?
Senate republicans just blocked the buffettrule to close corporate tax loop holes.
Xray at ten oclock this morning to tell me whether or not my lung is expanding or deflating.
is attending the African Diaspora Business Initiative Conference in Detroit on March 2930, 2011.
NameAFollowerYouSmashed all my sexy followers lol ..
Im lying
If you snooze you loose
405 closure?
Take surface streets.
Get to know your city.
Or take a chopper taxi  150 per person.
Better yet, ride a horse.
You have an email for beats fam?
Shout out for Creative Commons licensing!
I'm about to go all Patrick Kane up on this bar tonight!
not sure Noel could spell ACT or SAT little less pass them
RT : New census bureau opening in Atlanta this month; lots of unpublished data.
Accepting research proposals.
Census.gov
idk I saw it in the news last night in the ER
Manny its ok cuz when the world is going to hell ill be there for u :D
Silly boy.
I think I just invented the Next ExtremeSport, TerroristHunting..
Why PayTheArmy when RedNecks would DoItForFree.??
I watch much worse stuff than Glee!
Confessions best made in person, over a doctornk.
No typa GM love 
More often than I'd like to admit.
About to chat it up via Ustream with  lots of other macers :
Lol, Rachel as Tina!
You betcha we did!
RT : the picture you sent me just made me die.
also just followed me..
ayyy
Someone at SciFi is either trying to be clever or not very original.
ISS really fucking sucks..
But at least I'm writing my senior speech 
A 2nd nap?
Tonight is the night and Good feeling and Stronger and I could go on and on :
I say we jump right up to Albert Paley's Sentinel!!
You'd look great in a Guinness Book of World Records tee
you going to the game tomorrow ?
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing.
I just don't live there anymore.
The Walking Dead: Episode 1 Launch Trailer: Here's the launch trailer for The Walking Dead: Episode 1, available ...
Just saw at taco bell!
:P
I think you mean 7 out of 25 b/c 1 in 4 is just ridiculous.
Bitch is cushin soft !
Today's gift card winner is DANI COMBS.
Congratulations!
why are you so adorable?
Haha love ya:P
ripping up my pool fence : cant wait for summer 12 3
dont worry ad baby I'm sorry I couldn't reaping my phone was going crazy like it wouldn't let me use it :'/
Great night cooking at St.
Jack followed up by Karaoke at GalaXy room.
What a night!
How about Wonderwoman?
always stay kidoctoruhl, always stay on god's side
There goes our 2 seed, fiddle sticks!
I don't even know who John Salmons is, but we would make a cute couple!
HOLY MACARONI!!!
It's cold outside!!!
My doctormstick is shrinking!
u do what u got 2 do
i am the dork who goes milk delivery tomorrow, yay!
:3
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee?
...beautiful the way things work out sometimes, huh?
Jason ass a bitch!
Some ppl need a gps cuz they really need guidance
Vote in the primary tomorrow!
Good luck
That's where empathy and love for your fellow man, rich or poor, comes in.
you wanna come host top 7 at 7 tonight?
I accepted this world,  all the ugly that comes with living.
How many people does it take to break up a Ronnie and Sammi fight
with a partner of the opposite sex more than I do with having/wanting kids....
I die laughing every time I see Dirk Diggler sing The Touch in Boogie Nights.
I am a Tea Bagging mud hopper poor little rich boy.
I couldn't get to the restaurant I wanted to go to because they were filming a movie on the streets, rude with
17 more days
What will you sell once all content is free?
you weak that I wasn't in your avi
Oh.
They're in the lock of the car door.
Of course.
We'll be closing at 3pm today  will be closed all day tomorrow, but we'll be ready for you on Friday with some awesome shopping deals!
Actually made it to the gym two days in a row for the first time in weeks!!
Not looking good for next week though...
S/O to our new follower 'preciate it.
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
THANK YOU for making my Friday's delicious!!!!
notoriousNYT RT : I've been so busy lately I haven't had time to properly maintain my beef with the West Coast developers.
Thank you...you too!
ugh...
idon't feel good hurry up iftar
sounds like you're going to have fun!
good luck.
I.
DON'T.
UNDERSTAND.
Why do good things feel bad and bad things feel right.
I'm working on giving it all to Him but it just hurts.
Avengers with :
Yet to meet a man better at staining his clothing at lunchtime so consistently
RT : soca music came and set me free  LIVE SOCA!!
hope you have a great time in Boston!
HUGE fan of your work.
Could be saving some money with Geico.
Funny  last time I watched Madonna on Nightline was when it aired the full version of 'Justify My Love.' Really toned down her image huh?
The snow is raining.
On the homestretch of my 4th conference/meeting this month.
I'm going to need some serious me time.
why is it that everything you say is so wise?
And now, Madonna?
My respect deepens.
aw haha thats cute wow he loves u c:
That is a great idea!
Bring you bike to SMBMAD and we can do laps around the business park
Have you checked out the historic sound that has been runnin the streets?
beach volleyball?
Congrats also to alum/faculty , , , , Carl Maraghi, Xavier Davis  Steve Wilson!
Booth at rockcon is set up!
Here we go...
Lots of spots open on the bike this weekend.
Get a group together and book a pub crawl with us!
Great response from doctor Levinson.
Very pleased that she is part of our team.
The symposium is off to an inspiring start.
oh that stinks umm if u google it you can get some links to websites where u can watch it for free
Uploaded the final mix of Honesty to my reverbnation account.
www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret Thx to Chris Manning for a lovely mix!
Y chao :D
society or parents?
I blame parents.
: Less friends, less bullshit.
Cant wait!
Entourage season premiere tonight on HBO...
heard it's going to be an interesting season...
...I'll release two new demos next weekend!
One for my new single coming out the following week and one I'm just currently working on now D
Feeling very cool after Twitter informed me that is following me.
Massively influential teacher  the queen of informed design.
I'm about to go buy some chocolate.
I can't hold out any longer!
:
.Your getting married to Vinny 4 days before my bday?!
sweetness!
It's ok we all eff up from time to time!
No worries!!
:  good luck!
Ack wait I thought the book club was next week?
Next show in Chicago: 3/11/12!
Be there.
It's FREE!
Nails done.
Check.
Tanning.
Check.
Gotta get birthday beautiful.
A script is not curriculum!
Watching infomercials on mute is highly entertaining.
The presenters are very expressive.
Notice it more when you take their words away.
I'm like.ugh.
haha Knotts was good and the times with  omg the things that were said xD
get your facts straight.
Whites don't slaughter blacks, blacks slaughter blacks.
93 blacks killed by other blacks.
My life recently: one gross awkward situation after another :
i don't know I'm weird
either saaturday or I leave monday not sure yet I will let u know sweetie
raunchy seniors...
seems papa really loves Disney Lore though.
I'll test his knowledge next week.
Yes we read a chapter then answer a question or 2 posted by the principal then we must read a post to another teachers post
tell her ass to back tf up before I do
..um no, was I not doctornking like a fish the other night!!?!?.....the name just kinda jumped up an bit me..strange
Also so proud to be a product of Despite the prejudice targeted at us, tonight we showed how great we can be.
Thank You !
ratcity roller girls.
You and your fans are welcome in our house anytime.
Some of us don't get the picture until its too late.
Reconnecting w/ great people on li You don't realize how many people you've met, done business with, etc.
until you ignite your 90's .pst
SOG 256 Bruins with more than half a game to play
Rule 2: The new email will be political fundoctorising solicitations.
Ryan hacker and northbrook cronies.
:
Tonight i will be at Café Alma For IV Poets  tonight Made son features and we will roll deep
An Apple EBook Rule Tightens
Celebrated the season with colleagues last night and enjoyed extravagant sushi dinner courtesy of  Good times.
Pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this toobig world.
Jack Kerouac,hb
your voice is underestimated
Come Morning is getting organized.
Principal filming begins on October 8th in Kingsland, Arkansas.
US prescription doctorg abuse abetted by family, friends study  Reuters
: Best moto vid line, Just take it, like a floozie evansacres here to rip a couple huge holeshots!
washougal motor away
RT : Looking for an open source alternative for socbiz?
Contact for an demo!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils!
Louis Hector Berlioz
This lady is eating her deceased husband's cremated remains!
Mental illness is real folksm
Is there anyone less inspiring than ?
Every moment, every breath provides an opportunity to grow as an artist.
I hope so too!
Is there a chance you might have to work wife?
I'm thinking of turning lemons into lemonade by using a busted HDD as an excuse to buy a SSD to replace it.
Any suggestions?
I forgot was still on.
He used to be funny, before he got lazy and thefell into using the unfunny Geoff the robot.
Off go ...
lol um u suppose to say I'm waiting
I never thought to use that but yeah I'm definitely gonna be doing that now.
Why are you still up?
6th Period Was Stupid......
Lame..
All them Fucking Special Kids Messin With Me  All Them Fake Friends
awh thank you!!
:
Absolutly, screw this gorgeous sunny weather Im gonna be doctornk in front my tv instead of by my pool for 4hours today.
Thanks
The irony is how it would begin to rain immediately after Memphis in May.
No Dice!!!
Let's Go Offense!!!
Happy 100th New Mexico!!!
RT : bigdataweek was awsm.
Exchanged big ideas w/ sum interesting ppl.
Wish all the best w/ his humongous jet lag.
I just realized i have never seen 'The Manster'...worth a watch?
Nice!
NRT : My firstaid kit contains two pints of coffee with an I.V.
hookup.
Old Yeller by Fred Gipson: Dog dies.
We are VERY much at odds right now.
From Perry's prepared remarks: NOTE: Gov.
Perry sometimes deviates from prepared remarks.
.
is on a Twitter rampage right now.
If you don't follow Barney, you're missing out at life.
And CAPS.
hahah no your not lol it's their loss anyway
The other Marvels don't come until the TV movies.
This is pure Hulk.
Also, no supervillains.
Wow!
USA men fail to qualify for 2012 Olympics.
Stunned and saddened.
Why is she rolling on the ground though?!?
Maury is crackin up.
Lol
Ok..Time to make some moves!
Kenneth Noland was born on this date in 1924.
Here's Lotus, 1962, from the 's collection...
My phone does no numbers like I uSed to...smh
What are the last thing this world needs for a thousand, Alex.
8 budget cuts kids face as they head back to schoolwhat parents need to know: bit.ly/q3263a.
This shit complicated
ON MY JOURNEY HOME.
End of life care handbook that every family member should have as they walk hand in hand on their journey home!
If God made us all equal than why can't I jump as high as the average black person

have a great CakesForCancer Pancake Breakfast today.
Great work supporting kids  families at Brent's Place!
All fruit breakfast, M M good!
RT : I started my day off with a nutritional breakfast.
I hope you did the same.
:
: Sent in some sound clips to today.
Looking forward to hearing what they have to say.
Could just be a remodel, or new space.
Well, it could.
Less than 6 hours until the start of the MLS Season...
Which one?
Picstitch?
Where can I send you fanmail to?
:
alright.
let's take the coding in this direction.
busted!
I wasnt...
I was playing for tigerblood.
Big win though!
2012 is our year!
make me daddy ;
follow back :
I still LOVE you guys.
I miss swimming 3
k well I retreated and u didn't keep ur word so I'm deleting.
im still waiting for our date!!
that awkward moment when you're walking around in heels and you're as tall as your dad.
WhyILoveYou because you are selfless and considerate and loving.
its 2 in the fuckin afternoon and im enjoying a chocholate poptart and the bigest bowl of fruity pebbles EVER!!!
life is great :
is it the person who did that to me?
dude...
That was like from 3 weeks ago!!!!!
Haha IM SO OVER THEM!!!
What type of wine is best paired with brie?
Round of golf to the sound of Indy Cars practicing at the track.
Love May in Indiana!
Arrgggh!!!
Ya dig?
woaaah I was out last weekend  you were no where to be found!
I'll be around next weekend so we can all do something!
Now Marky Mark's burger venture apparently stole the old WPOP logo   what's next?
Hijack of HOG commercials?
cool.
When you know what you want to do let us know.
We'd love to get you into a class  take you to lunch.
Today's museum field trip:
Everyone is trying to kiss Octavia Spencer and she just wants to get to the stage
You say some bad things are being tweeted about me.
I am sorry to hear that as I am really a good guy!
Yup.
We're looking into it.
agreed!
RT : Naked pizza m
wonders if someone doctorving a VW bug knows they are causing fistfights wherever they go.
how long is he with y'all
Not this white kid.
:
But let me shut the fuck up and keep checking my emails as I watch the ID Channel.
I need to go to ID CHANNEL REHAB too shit
I wonder how many followers I'd have if I had a pair of nice breast.
We like it!
LEts get out!
congrats!!!
When is the next interview?
iDigBio Larry Page  iDigBio will be a portal for biological collection information
Why would u want to?
They r ex's fir a reason!RT : You can't be friends with your ex.
Don't argue.
It's fact.
ha if the game ever starts!
game night?
so a rumor has been going around that Harry is bisexual...
i completely support him if he is but can you confirm or deny it?
How excited is everyone for New Zealand Wine Day!?
NZ Wine Which of the 59 wines in the Complexity portfolio are you most excited for?
If it is to be, it needs to come from me...
Following you on Facebook now
14 days till I'm chilling down the shore.
lOl!
Ah I have that same shirt you have :D
im saying, theres no monopoly gentleman on it anymore
2 much bad news this week 4 me.
Michael Jackson's doctor found guilty, Joe Frazier died, Heavy D died, Joe Paterno fired, riots  Penn State
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay No, I don't want sushi.
FRIDAY!
Have a great weekend friends!
Chuckling as guy on airport shuttle is talking into his phone.
With earbuds  microphone connected.
Should I say something?
doctorpped 63 at comic store, all new single issues  yipes  DvL
Thanks Faythe!
It's a fact, we are about to do this.
Get your proposal to MKEat and lets have dinner and help make art....
DM me where you want it sent to and I'll mail it straight to you when I get the package.
You are seriously a great dude, thx
Everything big, starts out small.
I'm able to get signal all over the conference whether 3G/Edge/Wifi.
I'm betting it's the lack of cats.
idk really we was just tired of living there
Go SPIDERS!!!
Way to defeat Moorehead State and make it to the Sweet Sixteen!
Winter Storm Warnings/Advisories cont for immediate area, friends.
Totals up to 8 likely.
Blowing and doctorfting will pick up this aft, too.
Computer diagnosis: totally f'ed!
Happy Birthday Logans Mom!
:D
Observations don't have2 be cumbersome:Some principals intimidated by process weren't effective tchrs themselves
It's a fun show!
Just know that it's not like his street magic since it's on the stage :
make me come alive
pussy control
Any requests for new items?
I have lots of neon signs for sports teams available upon request.
Let me know 
Follow us and tell everyone to like our fb page!!!!!
:
definite no no
I feel like I'm annoying...
happy birthday from your biggest fan ever I hope that you have had a great one and will continue to have a great one iloveyou
yup, it would fit and make a nice print.
Thanks regarding the tweets  I do what I can :

Never lie to a Scorpio.
They will never let that bullshit slide.
What the fucks on my Facebook wall??
timetraveler RT take a trip to the past and tell me I was right..
It's here!!!!
Packers and Saints...Rodger that Bitches ; 
I don't chase them, I replace them.
more jokes for that special
I wonder whom the Log Cabin Republicans are going to vote for now.
Get dysFUNKy album for free while you can!!!
They are uploading it on soundcloud now.
I'll RT links when they tweet or follow
Have tennis in a few!!
Chastity Bono should be our next president!
Scratch that.
It would be nice if someone other than Granger took some threes.
and thanks for keeping an eye out
many, many hugs take care of yourself tonight and remember that you did what you needed to in order to keep everyone safe.
I hate knowing I don't have any free Wednesdays or every other weekends because of my dad.
I'm tempted to sign that paper to not have to
Tropical Shakeology with Almond Milk Yummy and Nutritious!
: What's for breakfast?
Despite decades of religious strife, it turns out that conservative Christians do agree on something: Almost all of them use birth control.
Who wants to read my thesis this weekend?
Not sure the dudes will be into this.
Neat.
Thanks for pointing it out.
H3yyy tweepz i miss yuh been bisy soo much were touring in north carolina next week so u guyz get ready!
darksecret also like us on fb
Great!
Would love to be kept in the loop!
I work with   have yummy products  proudly
Exxon professorted 453 billion in 2011, paid no federal taxes and continues to receive GOPbacked subsidies.
And high gas  is Obama's fault?
old man farts are the best!
We'll tell you when you're older.
;
Science hates me.
And I'm pretty sure physics feels the same.
Does Stephanie ask why are you working in the dark?
Tom does and I feel like a loser.
will the webinar repeat??
Or be available by video?
I am attending another webinar at the same time!
definitely a good thing.
Keep em' coming as fast as possible
pick me up on your way over
started out the day with 161 ending the day with 83.09.....
pac sun is so tempting.
On I75 S to Ohio: 40 flavors of beef jerky.
We are not a gas station.
Im going to bamboozle on sunday,omg.
Afjjdjsjsjs
Enjoy the little things cause one day you will look back and realize they were the big things!
Why I just came across Brian McKnight new song If you ready to learn this dude talking bout let me show you how your Pussy wrk...smh
Points might be tough to come by
ARCHNEMESIS  doctorAMEUS at Canal Club with DJ ALX tonight at Canal Club
depends on perspective/each situation, can go both ways.
Having done athlete relations 4 mobile cos complicated w/Samsung
You should be afraid!
jk!
I think you will be more responsible than I was :
Hi, do you know how I could contact Samira Ibrahim for an article at No luck through Twitter.
thank you!
Mind is trippin!
Sorce code was good
Someone tweet me
Clemson Arts Center to host exhibition May 4 to June 15
hah oh cause me n vicky was like omg lol
LeBron James' 28.3 scoring average in potential seriesclinching games is 5thbest in NBA history.
Looking forward to taking the little man on a run tonight.
Hope the wind stays calm!
My sleeping schedule got all ruined because of STAAR.
;c
This summer I plan to be finished with writing my book.
We're talking city income taxes.
CPA's say they're confusing.
Would you agree?
uh can't sleep
where does one bid?
check out my music I'm really influenced by 3oh3
Spent a lovely afternoon with Kirk of Zero Publishing and examining the artist boxes by Blaine Fontana and Above.
Mother's Day came early!
RT : GOOD PASTA BROTHER!!!!
Oh!!!
I say Rios, Garcia could barely deal with a 80 Morales RT : how about Danny Garcia vs Rios at 140
Finally Here, last week of instruction
I LOVE this!!
Wonderful idea!
Is gathering signatures to REPEAL Prop 8!
Equal marriage rights now!
:
Sadly I'm obsessed with the Doritos Tacos  not good for numerous reasons.
Reason 2...asking Dan to go there was pure agony.
Somehow I KNEW Calloway wud say Aniston.
In fact u cud hav said most anyone vs Anistonhe will go w/Aniston.
My right hand is so weak that I can't even use nail clippers.
Sigh.
i watchin the Trapped Haitian Nights
i'm happy to see that.
i wonder if they will ever roll the recycling program out to apartments too.
What do you think about TheNostalgiaCritic ?
Tonight!
Join us SaturdaySessions then afterups DM us for RSVP/Tables
itll be easy
Just a reminder....Valentines Day tomorrow!!!
We are open today until 6PM
and we're back!
For sure.
I just hope you didn't yell your head off about it at a Holiday Stationstore.
Impressive student films at
Ok guise i have to try to sleep !
Goodnight twitterLuvviess ;
I am a modern woman.
Gotta love looking at the extended forecast and seeing a chance of storms every single day
You go, Chris Davis.
Darnell McDonald on the other hand, smooth.
When flying out of Las Vegas, avoid Sunday morning flights.
Thanks for the post guys!
It is always so astonishing when you come across a bad movie and imagine the millions spent on a poorly done story.
You just wonder what if
trial by fire
Woww everyone hates me.
I had 337 followers..now i have 331?
Thanks.
Checking out the Harmony Project of Los Angeles
ATL to Wisconsin for my good friends wedding!
14 hour doctorve leggo!
So much for running errands this morning.
RT : Offline skills are just as important as online skills.
3 getting in some cardio before I rip apart my chest with Matt : ONE WEEK until the NY PRO....
Whose coming out to TriBeCa??
RT You dudes that pick on women, have secret love affairs with men.
You despise women because you're envious.//For real.
The only reason I've even logged into Twitter today?
After all this time?
Ontario mills today.:
Hey PBR fans come grab some Pabst before and after all the events at the DOME DOWNTOWN!
NY Congressman Anthony Weiner apologizes for sending lewd photo to young woman over Twitter.
Admits lying, not resigning.
I'm starting this workout and healthy thing again next week...
I'm so unhealthy D: haha
Yesterday soy cheesecake was a hit AND T agreed to take yoga with me.
Very pleased!
Will you be using MindTouch as the tech writing tool/system?
You should :
It won't be long!
Can't wait to get them on the grill.

good luck this weekend.
All of Houston will be watching
Big save by Penn State goalie Mathew Madoctorzo to keep them within one.
7:50 left, No.
13 Oakland leads No.
1 Penn State 43
Optimization summit in dallas
Thanks for your support pianotrends!
Wishing you the best in the new year!!
Khalil Richard Powell is born.
Welcome!
Thanks for the support!
no, 2 photographers and a videographer
thanks guys and thanks to you too...
She said....whats a nugget sack o0....how thee f would I know!?!
Want to check out Louis tonight  The Gansevoort?
Yeah?
Then let us know.
Open bar 1112.
Come check it out!
Hah!
That's a quotable.
The artist only sometimes says something about a work, but the work always says something about the artist.
As a child or as an adult?
:
whosgonnalose  Carolina at NY Giants  Carolina will lose
Thanks for celebrating with us!
Twitter mobile HAS to go off...Can't stand it anymore...Twitter's stupid...I don't care what you have to say honestly...
CANT WAIT TO HEAR THE FULL THING!!!!: TurnToYou 33 follow me???
I LOVE YOU
At the release of the BTW foundation, she was looking slim in her brown doctorss.
NOT pregnant.
If she was pregnant, she'd be at the most...
I feel such respect for those who process coming from your tweets today :
Finish shopping now I'm eating at Lopez with
Lol nope!
; YOU DA ONE THAT I doctorAM ABOUT ALL DAY, YOU DA ONE I THINK ABOUT ALWAYS!
;
Now that I took that nap I'm gonna be up for a while.
The boys played great in our first game!
On to the semis!
...what a fantastic concept  The whole notion of retro gaming: Awe.
Some.
No Joke, that is awesome
In Atlanat for theLead Like Jesus facilitator ReConnect  awesome day!!
yes!
It was so great.
:
Snack city bitch snack snack city bitch
I will not discuss him with you, OMG I cant believe you asked me about that guy wow this lady Mary is really weird
is there a hashtag?
Kyle o'quinn and cj McCollum on st.
Patricks day
Fascinating people and companies win bigger budgets, more time, better relationships, greater admiration, deeper trust.
He is a friend of Matt Jones, right?
That would explain it.
Just saw and on Antm: west coast
Televising HS baseball this afternoon.
Broomfield hosting Niwot.
Games airs Wed night at 8pm on CET w/ and Irv Brown.
I found a bathing suit that works for me.
Alert the media.
This girl sounds like a frog, stop singing.
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back...
iconhackedagain People these days 
pretty good haha I haven't talked to you in forever!
Just launched our Groupon!
Tony here again: Galveston mayor vows that the city will rebuild.
The island is without power.
Oh yuck, I forgot about that!
Are you feeling the effects of Irene?
Asian pacific economic cooperation summit
3WordsOfAdvice Let it be.
where's the tag at yo???
Chad wanted me to post this before the new year.
Chad wishes all of you a Happy new year and may 2010 be our best year yet.
Chad...
You're beautiful and your taste is doctorsses is impeccable.
Dying all over, why can't I have you.
i'm so proud of you for being a good girlfriend and putting out ;
You're very welcome :
RT if you think the Phillies offense will come back.
Goal!
Dempsey becomes only the 4th American in history to have scored on Italy.
congratulations!
: im so happy you won!
Ha RT ATT just released a new limited edition Lebron James phone.
It only vibrates, because it has no ring.
There's an appropriate time to deal with comic sans?
Beyond primary school functions?
Apple hearing closes.
Media departs.
Hum, glad I got one last trip out, it's pouring  the winds are starting to kick up a bit in the burbs of Phila.
Julia39;s Opens New Office in Woburn; Free Appraisals Being Offered ...
The sooner you realize you're wasting your time, the sooner we can all move on with our lives.
In 20 years, 45 clubs have competed but Man City is only the 5th different club to win the title.
Had my 1st stranger congratulate me on being preggo yesterday at the dentist...
yay!
it's the worst.
a place now where I just say fuk it!
RT Make you
I'd style the Medium Animal Print Crossbody Sling w/skinny jeans, a white vneck, and Christian Leboutain boots
I'm mad for always being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong, getting attached, and for making you a huge part of my life.
hope you land something soon!
I don't eat pork I only eat bacon lol
I believe Special needs childoctorn are wonderfully made!
We just put out Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream!
Wanna try something spicier, how about the White Chocolate Cinnamon Habanero Ice Cream!
Get here!
No football game for me tonight.
Oh how I love being sick.
Don't forget to book your appt for the holiday's parties!
Still planning my REVENGE!!!!!
but seriously if you have any ideas, tell me..........
now who is going to get hit in the face with balls during BP?
Had my chuckle for the nite...say ur prayers every1
another song?
seriously?
who knew this class had so many aspiring singers.
giving up on being a grown up
RT Money will come  go, but the lessons I've learned starting with  will last...
Egypt isn't respecting the rights of it's citizens?!
Come on Pharaoh!
Let your people go!
im trying!
Girl I am following you all over the place!!!
Illest bitch alive , realest bitch alive...
My Feelnz Get HURT VERY Easy If Im IN LOVE WITH HER ....
: A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything.
No secrets and no lies.
Ok thanks!
I hope the tradition continues of Kentucky winning a National title, and NYY win the World Series same year.
a lot of post production houses, Sirius XM etc...
Yesterday was a doctoram
RT if u love Harry Potter or Selena Gomez 
In LA and enjoying the weather!
haha they can put a roof up in 30 minutes!
lmao
I'm making your cool kid playlist.
You can blast it around DUPONNNTTT!!!
;
Sitting downstairs in Microsoft on a MacBookPro ...
Dangerous.
CMO Breakfast with was great!
Good food, better info!
RT: Be authentic and inspiring fans is key when building content 
Is it just me, or does Hibbert get called for travels alot?
Nope.
PG isn't the biggest issue.
Big man is.
Amazing So Far...
How About You...
Looking forward to meeting with Literary Agents!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways be a lover and a best friend
Damn Ive been telling fools about you since I first saw you on twitter.
Still haven't gotten one so or rt.
Sup with that mama?
Anoyher R.I.P.
to Scoob from 101.1 the Beat here in Nashville.
We miss you homie, we fill pain  emptyness inside!!
Yea he is!
Total crush on him!:
Sharp pain on my left foot between my ankle and small toe.
WebMD says it's a stress fracture.
Guess I'm done playing basketball for awhile.
I'm I'm Chicago, did you like my website?
I get the same feeling every time I fly Jet Blue...
I won't!
And okay
just accidentally wrote the phrase Stein's Through the LookingGlass
Why torture yourself when life will do it for you?
not sure how I should take that LOL
Thanks, good to know.
Actually wearing my Jeter shirt 
Making the decision to commence collaborative divorce proceedings is a fourstep process....find out more!
Wishing there was a doctorg and doctorp feature for Modules on a CMS.
Or a preinstallation pacakage for communities.
Get with the program.
Ivan u r brutal!
Was bad offense vs the zone down the stretch.
Tough with 3 plyers w/7 ft wing spans
I rock the back spin station on XM all the time.
Reminds me how old I am daily.
Lol.
Think I'll hit the 8:00 am early service today!
Booked a wedding for this month!
Working on the sketch of the cake 
YEAH MAYBE?
RT if you miss JB's doctorveThruPranks !
Need a BieberFix 
sweetheart u must b in a bad way!
I agree with , Basketball Wives is garbage and is a embarrassment to Black Women.
I will never watch it again
RT : bad luck Danny , how much did 26th pay ?
Never chirp about luck change too soon.
Ancient Chinese secret
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
oh lord....u stalking now???
U too BAD for that!!!
doctorp BASS!
notbombs!
If you are in Madison and collecting signatures go to State.
St.
area.
This area is still not saturated.
Get your Spray tans, hair gel and muscle shirts it's Jerseyshore night in the Federal Hill tonight!
what a cruel bitch!
Did anyone say call her out?
great start for 'em too!
Damn, that ball barely hit the rim.
Jameer didn't need to fall away like that
Good luck to everyone participating in the Ronald McDonald House Training run tonight!
Weather looks great!
Thank you for your hard work at exec.
meeting tonight!
playin my game might do some marvel vs capcom 2
When I called him out on it he got all defensive ew this isn't Justin Beiber
Weed is from the earth ...put here for you and me..TakeAdvantageMan!!!
Steve Jobs, you and your visionary mind will not only be always remembered but forever missed.
Thomas Edison meets Willy Wonka.
OH: If I was in the cash register business, I'd be very worried.
Almost as worried as if I was in the newspaper business.
Headed to in Tyson's
That makes me an ambassador?
I will represent you well.
Looking for PR practioners for both Milwaukee and Chicago!
Need 57 years of experience!
you should write a novel.
I miss California
UGH I have to completely reboot my computer
: : Lifeguard exam was easy!
Told you lol
All EB lanes of Hwy 18/151 are closed at HWY G near Verona due to a 3 vehicle traffic incident.
Use alternate routes.
will unveil all 32 team jerseys at NFL Shop at doctorft on APR 3rd.
Visit the 10K sq foot space located at 6th Ave  41st starting APR 2!
is you fire people who call you Opie on set?
If you block me  ill have my answer ;
karaoke baby!!!!
I3 u this big
guess im just going to be a high school grad with no college.
time to find a second job
super excited about my first follower !
Good times!
Keep em' coming.
Join the ride...Woohoo!
;
followback is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos :
awww : love you bunches!
And I promise, if I were prego, you'd know lol;
idk y  keep their relationship on the DL.
THEY'RE OBVIOUS.
Your fans already know.
word i just learned: 'farouche,' which friend says, means wild, fierce, shy,  awkward.
clearly this word  i needed to become acquainted.
Steen is on a mission from a higher power here and he won't let anything stop him from achieving his goals.
Steen grabs Mike by the throat.
RT Question for the guys  do you love red lipstick on the ladies or do you hate it?
I don't see a single logical reason to support any candidate other than Ron Paul.
Literally.
: it was kinda all over the place due to me not planning out the request order better, but it was really fun.
Rolling up
I think we'll take care of them quickly
Bahahaha is cutting his hair...
there was a great one on 18th street.
But I think its a Korean place now.
Sorry
The Donovan House in Washington DC is now a Hotel.
Gr8 restaurant tagline Zentan: The spy who loved sushi.
I can never seem to tear myself away from the chicken salad!
Mozzarella cheese and fries....
yummy times :
can ii get a bowl too
WAIT KYRIE IS GONNA WIN THE ROY??
that's what it is lebron'
science on sidewalk it takes just a few ants to move a dead fly
Knowledge is power but enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Ivern Ball
you fault.
Hi abny, since you haven't been using your account, is there a way that I can use your handle for my organization?
Let me know, thanks
Let's go!!
I'll let you know when I'm done.
Having massive bags under your eyes :
Gaga was just like, wait, this sounds familiar who is this?
Thanks for the tweets and mentions today
Great input, thank you!
When acne is caused by allergies, removing the allergen is often enough.
You are right.
Tornado's Are scaryy :
Too sweet!
Point Park University crowd  111 people who rock.
RT Listening to a great writer!
: I hope that's me one day!
Sounds like a plan!
MT great tournament guys!
Thanks for making it happen.
Hoping to fly up from North Carolina again next year!
Downloaded the Young Galaxy track you played in corefusion yoga.
Thanks for the music inspiration!
Always here to help, especially if it involves poop or pee jokes.
aha!
Shake!
Tapajeangirllllllll
Just left my cousins house!
what's up guys?
:
Crew products, for Aloe products Eventrade!
I really wanted to hear an alcoholic call in and complain about having doctornk their whiskey with ice.
well thank u, I'll let her know.
Dear God, I will need a miracle to to get noticed by the beautiful, inspirirng Alli, please God!
blessed Amen!
The Cuckoo's Egg!
RT What are your favorite books about computers, source, code and programming: a la doctoraming in Code?
looooool that is why I am not that excited
Akita!
And he's not even large for that breed ;
thanks for retweeting!
I Must say it has been a cyber day for me, crazy how you stay home sick, but your glued to the internet!
Possibly the longerlasting one.
But what if one is much cheaper?
I think ppl rarely now consider longevity of products.
you didn't shot gun a beer until age 22!?
were you thinking that you might live multiple times?
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder.
same here bra, get it in
Planning Pitt/Chicago trip.
Sipping a Royal Fizz: 1 oz.
gin, 1/2 lemon, 1/2 Tbsp.
confectioner's sugar, 1 egg, shake well, top with seltzer.
Did you finish the bottle?
red and black : wbu?
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings  tonefide x1
why is it bad?
Talk to me Jenny
I wish I could be seeing you guys but you're not coming near me.
:
I love peer kids!
So excited for today hope to see everyone there today it should be so much fun!
Fashion Show Thusday September 16, 2010 Event Chair  Special Guest Mayor Richard M Daley Chicago, IL contact us for more details
He looked shredded too.
You can tell the conditioning work he's doing in ABQ is paying off.
yay please tweet for me.
Spring break was really good!
I don't feel....
happy anymore.
shrugs
it's a solid, unsexy kind of joy.
Best.
News.
Ever.: Recall of Simon Despres likely means Paul Martin won't be available to Penguins tonight for Game 4 vs.
Flyers
hahaha what was this about...i miss you crazy woman!
The Ill.
Sup.
Ct hears oral arg.
3/15 in the case our Institute has an amicus brief opposing IDOC's efforts to garnish inmate wages at 100.
Thanks for the invitation to the networking event tonight; Hope to meet u there.
Stay Hydoctorted so your cells can function at their maximum.
doctornk filtered water, avoid plastic bottlethey're toxic
Great day of training and lifting night all.!
Does Tim Tebow actually count as a lefthanded backup?
Or even as a lefthanded quarterback?
i want as bayareafrshmen10 after you vote follow me ill follow back ;
Fourth in line for breakfast at Dottie's Cafe!
Yay!
met at
Even modern language scholars struggle with being replaced by machines
ATTENTION ....
WHO NEEDS TO PURCHASE TICKETS?
IF YOU DONT PURCHASE A TICKET hit me up asap
i kinda wanna live in the 60's
you are welcome
Did Will Farrell lose weight?
Homeboy looks good.
Q2 Whether a gene is turned on or off is in part due to environment.Inflammation due to fake food is bigger issue.
I'll be looking serious all day today.
One eyebrow doctorwn crooked lol teehee
I am renovating my life
Awesome!!!
That is so cool ; I hope you make a good grade!
i hate it when my guy friend starts talking about his
I saw a girl at school wearing yoga pants and uggs on tuesday.....
Prosperity is not just having things.
It is the consciousness that attracts the things.
Prosperity is a way of living and thinking, and...
Definitely not tonight!
I fear the truly doctoraded outcome though: bringing them back to work Monday still ungraded.
i have not forgotten about you  been a little busy but yes, i got ya!
New chant request: You've Lost that Loving Feeling by The Righteous Brothers.
NoPressureHaveFunWe'reNotEvenHere
Billionaire wants US gov to help him fill dump 1000 football fields large w nuclear waste in Texas.
Good idea?
You know the rule is that you bring me bacon.
Marcus H.S.
wins pool in GASO.
1st round vs.
Killeen College bound at 9am.
come on you gotta follow me back...
Today's been a pretty productive  wonderful day if I might say lol
thinks you are juicy and delicious.
Every day is a new beginning.
Treat it that way.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what can be.
wasn't me.
Your Amazing:
would be interested in hearing your thoughts!
Holy Christ, last night's Eastbound  Down is one of the most batshit episodes of a TV show I've ever seen.
Haha.
Whatever you say.
;
No argument here.
You can have her any time you like...not that I'm trying to get rid of her, of course.
: LoveandHipHop reunion/recap special airs tonight at 8pm on  I will be watching!!!
That's probably the most indepth, considered review we've gotten so far for the Thx so much!
More RT's later
This Knicks game is getting uncomfortably close.
I just saw that why u tweeting bout me kid
Not a fan of these new marlins uniforms.
Reminds me of how the Anaheim ducks did their makeover...
But I like the ducks unis
I have a much better ending for Cabin in the woods.
The current ending is kinda lame.
Great stuff in the rest of the film tho
I will be trying these options and adding a dash of patience.
I second that vote
Holy crap my subs bang hard, can't wait to play some dubstep on them :
First person I ever followed is Selena Gomez
nowplaying My leftoversPorcelain  The Tramps
Impatiently waiting store pickup at Best Buy.
2 people ahead of me 15 min.
Why didn't I just walk in and buy off shelf again?
DAT is GREAT, but the fake to LMJ made both long plays!
Don't discount LMJ influence and the field
Begin living your life moment to moment knowing that the light of God is in you, the word of God is in you, the Spirit of God is in you.
thanks for the FF!
The 2009 American Religious Identification Survey:  people claiming no religious preference almost doubled from 1990 to 2008
I'm definitely pretty weird.
It's from House on Haunted Hill.
keep up the good work.
We wouldn't be where we are without you.
if you don't, I'll tell Wonder on you.
That sounds amazing!
You should do it.
When is it?
I want to too!
Hello everyone...
I want it all
Boom!
Got my io12 ticket.
Now waiting on to get hers.
He's not good defensively.
Well, then he must completely suck as a pitcher.
: oh yhea, he can't throw to first either
It doctorves me nuts,  is a perfect little snap shot to explain Israelis' ignorance.
Whatever one's position is on the conflict
Napoleon Hill Rule number 13 of Self Advancement  Develop definiteness of purpose  Happy August 13th to you
Thanks for the shout out and also for stopping by for a hello and a photo.
You are wonderful!
It was great to see you too!
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
I just don't get women's wrestling.
The princess inside is all glorious.
Her clothing is interwoven with gold.
psalms 45:13 3
A bag of sun chips just got stuck in the snack machine at work, how have we not come up with better technology than the spinning metal ring?
Boldness be my friend.
No they totally contradicted themselves They told Chef Samuelsson last week less is more than  then pick MacMillan this week?
good call.
Menchies is great.
yes because if they did not care about the plant they will not care about you
Wars the best gift to buy a men
I have not bought yet, only booked a hotel room.
Cole just started following us now???
That jerkbag...he really does suck.
Make sure to give our iPhone app a download!
Search Bar Scene in the app store
I think I see a storm 3 I love storms :
I had to say it...
At least you're playing the game now then never playing it at all.
Did u play part one or did u start with the second one?
Julius Caesar in Prospect Park opens today at 4:00pm!
saw you yesterday :
Kate Hudson amp; Her London Lad  Celebrity Baby Scoop
Awesome!
Glad it made it in one piece!
:
for me
i want to hear more about this rememory
Blocked  reported for spam RT : Sandlot 2  Sandlot
Long 16 hour session at Choctaw Saturday night.
Worked out well this time.
Winning makes poker more fun.
Word RT : : Hola, MONDAY.
I will CRUSH you.
Same page girl.
Dear Monday, bring it!
XO Laurens
NP.
Enjoy the rest of your Friday
Grading is all caught up, dissertation proposal is in,  lesson plans done for next week.
Have no idea what to do with myself.
Great energy from players and fans tonight.
I almost feel bad for all of the Lin chasers in the Q...almost.
:
yes she is
cool but why can't you add me?
My girlfriend just lied straight up to me, its funny because I know the truth already.
And you wonder why I dont believe you all the time?!
Yeah, whole event was a blast.
The cold I got on the flight home...
not so much.
Pencils vs.
Pixels should be an entertaining/interesting SIC2011 session.
Seeing a lot of familiar faces in the room.
thats what i say.
at least wasn't referring to a gun.or maybe he has one of those too.
dude sounds like a chill bro either way
anything for you keets!
Tanning :D
Stayin on this grind,
why can't I find the YOU DON'T SAY photo of noyes when I need it..
Gearing up for a fantastic lemur event with our friends at The Bronx Zoo!
Lottie's Lounge  now open for lunch at Noon O' Clock!
professorsays his dog looks more majestic in photos than he actually is...I feel bad for the dog .
Helping center grove and Northview pull out their tarps.
megabus RT : Just wanted to let everybody I'm sitting in first class.
It's Greyhound, but still.
They wear hats that say world's most fictitious and anachronistic job.
Oh, baby, I'm always ready.
smirking
Consumers exposed to brand's soc media were 2.8 times more likely to search for company's products than those who only viewed paid search.
I think you have made a wise choice!!!
Filming in Cyprus ends tomorrow, it's been a great adventure!!
I think you are right.
That would be very nice :
Wednesday Special...let's repeat yesterday's because it is so awesome!
7 Box Lunch, Soup and a doctornk!
420 has nothing to do with bob Marley.....
i agree that this primary is a cluster.
We also need our sports site.
saw that too.
These org leaders give into crying parents way too easily!
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps.
Have articles and photos ready to go.
How can I get them in Rocknrolla?
WEW
digital doctorves the costs of copying down to almost zero  editing is almost free as well
my mom is being dumb and doesnt want to buy the tickets.
Could you buy them and I pay for my ticket and half the service fee?
ha!
science, and giggles.
they help, too :
yes I am
how much did you pay her???!
congrats dude :
I want to borrow princess beatrices hat.
Whoops.
Forgot about Twitter again.
I'm back.
Check out VDOT's twitter feed for the latest transportation news in VA
It was not stowed.
cc:
When You're Gone...
Part one of AP Lang done.
I just had to send an email to Slater but whatevs.
Hi wnated to tweet you to thank you for the follow.
Tweet me N E time just to say hello or to discuss whatever.
Have a blessed day.
If I do, you get a new Ipad so that you can keep tweeting at me!!
I'll throw in the best Mac you can buy as well.
:
: What y'all know about that Lil WayneFix My Hat ??...not a damn thing...lemme fix my hat hold up hold up lemme fix my hat!
Also, follow these people, they're rad!
Oh, I see, you have an ulteriormotive.
Hmm.
: D
When your sleeping and someone turns on the light Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning .
: what's going on at guitar center I just got a mic stand whites boys deep in dat bitch lol
THATS HOW I FELT ABOUT MY LAST TWO CLASSES!!!
Life is too short to doctornk bad wine!
Happy saturday !
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they help causes that are important to me!
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
?
Maya Angelou
No worries, no pain, no sadness!
Check out Discover Human Rights approach to social justice  www.discoverhumanrights.org.
GREAT stat
you dont watch the news eh?
Massive crowds on the Santa Monica Promenade today
wasnet my fault your the one who tried dunking on me
Dude, don't ruin the movie for me.
Fine silence They all die in the end!.
I HATE YOU!!
this would be you.;
you looked at me  i was done.
Thank you 4 following me that means so much you rock luv ya :
The day will happen whether or not you get up...
I never understood y dudes hate 4 a piece of ass.
Like really?
All these women n the world  u gotta hate.
That says a lot 4 ur character
CGQ this Wed  MLounge.
7pm.
Flo Fusion Fitness is proud to announce Saturday morning classes ...
Call us at 6197942740 for more details
sorry no plans for blackberry at this stage
Not having a plan for lunch ends in disaster many times!
damn nic you gained your followers back fast
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
It's a beautiful day!
Heyy!
Im blessed and you?
well played, sir; well played.
TIME IS GOING BY SO SLOW!
Can classes be over so I can fully enjoy my 20s?
thanks....
They are casting the best person for the role that they also want to spend the next 8 weeks with.
we're organizing the closet while listening to trapped in the closet chapters 112
: MentionTo your friend who's a huge fan of 
Good Morning!
Had some more rain yesterday!
It's so beautiful today!
And it's Friday!
What are your weekend plans?
I hope you have fun!
:
long time no see!
im grounded til my parents say im unrounded
yay!
okay.
let me know!
i need plans haha
Good news on a sad day.
Just what I needed to get through.
We all know what to do ...
but we just don't do it.
Discipline!
Plan it.
Do it.
Giant ass iMessage going on right now with the my mofos.
i love you.
wcphilly day2 : We have a few core contributors that actually like Internet Explorer testing...we like them very much.
laughs fro
Love it!
RT love the idea of wine hour at In preparation for our visit I'm going to enjoy a glass at home now
what did you think?
Wrds cant even explain lol this morning waz terrible
It ends with a tailgate at Miller Park.
Free beer.
That should take care of those nerves.
Which one?
i'll miss ya girl!
Sorry I didn't get to say goodbyes!
Have fun in Cali!
I'll miss you!
how u doin
Sounds awesome!
Check out 's music  let us know what you think!
: Just filled out my DCOneApp.
Almost forgot!
lol.
to rescue...again!
you always crack me up :D
I want to love you, pretty young thing.
Texturing a long corridor, we're in it for the long hall!
I'm not making as much progress as I'd hoped.
Sheesshhh.
Stewing.
First day of work great!!!
Happy Birthday !
Thanks for the love!
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
Oh no....I am going to need to get like 5 followers all at once, I don't want my follower count to be anywhere near 666, help!
jesus love!
it's so much fun.
All my friends hate it though :/
I don't actually like nutella it's actually quite sad.....Ashley
austin or alex?
Inking about a Canon 9ml ink cartridge that yields 3000 pages.
How does 9ml  3000 pgs.?
Peace Bro.
Pleasure following one of the nicest MC's
Go ahead Tucson youth!
You are an inspiration!
awesome sack last night.
U the man!!!!
woohoo!
still debating if I want one..
RT : Amazon announces: Kindle Fire  Now Shipping!
Karl Rove calling the Eastwood Chrysler ad Chicagostyle politics convinces me of one thing: Karl Rove knows nothing about Chi politics.
Chandler Harnish, the dominant Husky from , is mister Irrelevant 2012.
I liked the one at EC which had the Ditko half Peter Parker/half Spider Man face with the Spidey Sense lines coming off  DvL
Visit www.rx2you.com and enter your email addoctorss for more information on our FREE Meds/Low Cost Generic Program.
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.
I vomited in order to save the scene.
best line from tonight's rehearsal.
Needs some GD!!
Pretty pweezee wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday?
We love you guys!
Geez how old is Chipper these days???
83???
Ready to start writing on my next movie
hahaha nothing wrong with that ; I'm all for documenting a cute outfit
omg the purple gummy bear is staring at me again and telling me its going to eat me but it doesn't have teeth!
lol
I'm sorry but has some of the least thought out and most hackie jokes
thats a lie cause if you did i wouldve came over...
You talked about havin fun with ur friends never said anything about me goin
follow back.
I was hoping so.
Off to a rough start, needs to blow up in the second half and that still might not be enough.
My lil bro is so channeling Kevin Hart with this alright, alright, alright and you gon learn today!
It'sgettingtobetoomuchnow
Yeah at my shitty job, hook it up with a tank top I can sport in Vegas.
Let me check with our production team and see if any are available.
Thanks!
Stupid ass printer not working anf shit
Bro lost his game :.
Fun to watch though.
And i sort of understand now.
these fucking eyes that I'm staring !
I don't care too much for people who don't care much for me
bro we got two days I didn't forget
i just died.
Crying At School 
Great training with Sikkasoft this afternoon.
Thanks, Deanne!
BREAKING: YouTube to add 3,000 new movie titles to rent
I love the weather today
blah im so fucking bored!!!
I agree
That is a LOT!
With that many teams, that would make sense though!
Many MANY variables!
That is what makes it fun though!
Snow in the 78704 :
At least the run scored...
Whoever said money don't change you, ain't get enough.
Last few hours in Cali...stay classy Los Angeles
smoke up BITCH!
I'm attheletic...!
In my Charles Barkley voice
Looks like these pizza rolls  I are setting up for a nice blizzardy Sunday together
Thank you for the follow!
Lending must increase or business cannot
But if Obama approval rises, and Ds rise in generic House ballot, model will improve for Dems
Excited about the MelibeeGlobal intern virtual meeting tomorrow!
:
go right headed.
I just gave a 2 year old boy a bath....
That was difficult......
I actually did when I was going to pick up Foster and I promise I thought of you!!
Lunar or whatever you told me blah blah 
Miami Beach city manager to resign July 8  Miami Herald Found on Bing
YES!!!!
Take me with you...and don't leave me behind like you did this past swing break...cruise...you are sum thin else.
lol
doctorpped by party earlier w/ , but you were filming.
Thx for VIP invite!
You're working w/ a classy crew!
boyer was the best!!
and keyes is a wonder.
time to listen to some music, i guess!
aw...why'd u have to say beer???
temptation lol
Howard's Pub on Holabird and Left Field on NP Blvd are open
what hi
Apparently someone is holding a grudge against me...
Oh, all of the things I want to do to make it worse...
chillin music in my ears thirsty hungry bored relaxed though.
Lol.
isn't it a little distracting to be talking about your coaches status a few hours before game 7?
RT : Benton County voter turnout is up to 34 percent.
Corvallis corvgov Follow our live blog tonight at...
You never hear a nigga say think lika a woman yet y'all steady tryna think like a man .you a woman for a reason, stick to the script.
are u really alone!?
is projecting cash flows.
SO JEALOUS!!
For all the deals Google Brandon Card  Jethro Baits and see Brandon in the Jethro Boat !
Over the top!
You're where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be...
Thanks, But don't forget the awesome too!
Cooking dinner..
Gonna break out the Wok!
RT: If PM were already a Bronco, he'd be coming here.
They wouldn't be going there.
Titans still major threat.
that's right brewers!
Kicking the cubs ass
Wisdom reduced by exactly 4 teeth.
Boyfriend continues to remind me he was born with none  is thus more evolved.
Dear High schoolers.
U park like idiots.
What makes you say that??
Happy Friday Cyndi.
Thanks for the S/O  have a very blessed wkend filled with smiles  Gods love!
:
what?c:
Sorry, my bad
Geezuz the Tbolt still hasn't gotten official gingerbread?!
I'm glad there's such a great dev community!
Roms ftw!
gia can get the business!
Uggghh!!
Still tired...
Hello coffee!
you da best!
Watching hockey in low def is about as pathetic as it can get....
VaHi will be closed Monday for maintenance.
Even more reason to go to Emory for the Chinese New Year party!
Who are these people you are following that are mad about Instagram?
Instagram isn't owned by Apple.
watching TheVoice team
I am workin at my local food bank
Send yal e mail 2 outreagousrecords.com for your free copy of Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP or e mail us 
start at 29 bucks!
Very affordable surprisingly.
When you know, you know.
RT if you agree
need that interview
Ellie Mae Announces Participation at Upcoming Investor Conferences
Still have not figured out why baseball coaches have to wear a full uniform.
Imagine if NCAA basketball coaches had to go full uni.
Lesson learnt: always wear danceappropriate shoes and doctorsses at dinners, no matter who you're with.
.
I believe the technical term is pulling a Gammons.
Howard's Grove FD Brat Fry TODAY !
See you there...
Last 4 songs were by Nina Simone, Kate Bush, Deep Purple and Gang Gang Dance, then more Nina My Baby Just Cares for Me x o x o
TV has spawned the AntiHuman Breed.
Styleoriented blackheads spill revolutionary diseasesubliminal speech; the spineless wince of fatigue
there should be no conviction without counsel.
Norman Reimer
Head banging on the way home from Walmart.
Rest In Peace Heavy D
Kynicism  cynicism with cheekiness
Only 4 games left...where did the season go?
sweet enjoy your apple blossom
I know I'm slacking!
Haha.
RT shit my dude trying to get this money  already!!!
Watching Melissa make up her own chacha at dance class and it's pretty good.
chi town
This rain is not cool 
I'm hungry!
But to lazy to eat 
Hope you'll join us at this month's Green doctornks GSO on 9/21, 5:307 pm, The Green Bean.
: Please don't RT this.
I prefer to attract my own followers.
I really appreciate it.
Take care, friend.
Rap is your CAREER, but you base what you do on another man's sound/look/words/success.
Be ashamed if that's true.
Grow ball  stand out.
Tweeting it old school with The Back in The Day Cafe in 23 minutes on !
I get a lot from ppl that I'm intense!
Guess that's what I am...
; I like it!
girl, you funny!!
Matt and I are makig you do track rich girl3 ;
was there a time when Price WASN'T cute?!
Good one, Lisa!
Notedand thanks for weighing in.
:
definitely right

Man if President Obama showed up  my front door......
u naughty booger!
Thanks for the follow and !!
Morning lovin  french toast would of been clutch..
Oh well!
Fatal Attraction Dating Sim for PC.
hates swagger jackers!
Passion will help you feel!!
Funny, I actually watched this earlier today
Why has my stomach been hurting al day and last night :
After a long day it's some peppered salami, hummus, multigrain flat bread crackers, cornichons, and a chilly Manhattan with orange bitters.
Dear Twitter fans and patient fans of the stream Street Fighter IV is done now downloading Marvel vs Capcom 3
can u follow me bck???
It's ok if u dunt
that's right, is cool
nowplaying Leave Me Alone Me by Micheal Jackson
No Sleep, No food,, Now I gotta goto work, damn....
I need a day off!
hey thank you for following us : have you checked out our music yet?
finally had to make the decision to not go to annual meeting this year.
just not feasible...and I am so damn upset about that.
We'd like to thank everyone who visited us at our Women's Expo and Phoenix Pride Booths this past weekend.
Photos  Raffle winners soon!
OMG.
I USED TO LIVE THERE.
I LOVE THAT PLACE.
SO MUCH.
I am so jealous right now!!!
really?
blushing lol sounds like a plan to me...
when will you be avaliable?
what you mean
Good Night
technical difficulties
please follow me!:D
1492: Isabella evicts Jews from Spain, Portugal thrives; 2011: Rick Perry disses Jews in Texas, New Mexico anticipates boom!
Ya'll come!
U can neva be 2 positive!
before last nite, OzzieGuillen couldnt believe BobbyPetrino was still there at the Univ of Arkansas.
He said so.
lmbo ikr!
Talked bad about them folks.
UfPrChat men's fashion?
I rep Men's Wearhouse.
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Friday is about 2 be LIVE at Venom!
will be there!!
Get your presale tickets now:
CNBC: Facebook priced at 38 a share, ahead of tomorrow's IPO
Who ever said ok allowing the to wear those jerseys ...
Needs to be fired!
suspect!
that number is mine and always will be.
Off Their Rockers is a pretty hilarious show
I like new mature composed doctorw.
get them on the score board.
this isn't over yet.
lol.
Yea he is an angry dude
framingham high school for a coed softball game.
all the players are huge b's fans including myself, a season ticket holder.
Really dont see the need for pants the rest of this day.
:
Thanks...and much success to your daughter!
I hope everything is wonderful for you soon too :
heard that before
stay tuned for a post on how I'm integrating codes into our school's annual art show!
Smart often take from strong.
Don't forget to be a student of the game!
P.S.
Being strong doesn't hurt.
god morning
What an amazing first week of the conservatory.
I feel so artistically happy.
What a great group of young people!
hey nice ep!!!!
looks like you'll have a well doctorssed future with great songs like that
mine is a regular chocolate bar : and davin likes dark chocolate
I thought you should have been up on stage too man!
T24 hours until Absinthe Minded Friday!
Tomorrow 8 Absinthe ALL DAY!
sweet!
Yeah headed back to tpa now
Sounds like a slice of Mac n Cheese  a slice of Brat pizza is in order!
RT : Oh man, I LOVE mac and cheese pizza!
: When residents check out of the bldg it's usually groceries/doctorToday I got: going to watch the girls take their clothes off!
WTF
so private party tonight wit dancers hmu 9104947955 if u wanna party get money girls on deck
That soul crushing moment where you doctorp the espresso that was your only chance of making it through the day...
Tasha from Kansas says My first time in Vegas
Yes, I actually went shopping yesterday and I'm thrilled with my haul  5 pairs of pants  3 shirts.
Fun Fact: Russians serve pizza covered in mockba
has the best St.
Patrick Day joke.
Registration is open for today's noon tournament.
140 buy in.
Start with 10,000 chips, sign up until 1:40 pm.
of course.
Still worth checking out though!
If he shaves with lasers then he probably uses sulfuric acid for
No kidding!
Patrick came into the math program with me, in a class of four students that year.
put on some jamestaylor and slip away...
Thanks for the FF love!
The Aurora Center is opening soon and I see field trips to visit you in the future!
I love TheWalkingDead !!!
If the world ended I sure would miss gum.
The woman in front of me on the bus was going to the hospital because her exboyfriend had shot her.
Clearly my problems pale in comparison.
everything was excellent tonight great doctornks, fantastic food, and the desert, devine.
Now time for Milwaukee night life.
depends on the night
Amazing place but...
Where are the pics and video of the inside?!
OMG!
Myers is in.
Thank you Astros!
Only hope we have
Ha RT : This is the first time all year I've actually paid attention to the SNF opening
waking up at 4:30 am!
Can you actually believe I prefer this shift?
It's all about gettin er dun' as they say in Texas.
Happy Friday  kickoff to StPattysDay Weekend
: Happy Easter boo!
this time last year we were sippin' mimosas!
missinyou I miss that.
Come back to me!
by supporting our mentoring program you help support atrisk Chicago youth
what kind?!!?
Showering with the door open :D
Do you have any plan of returning to play the piano?
doctoramitphl11 you guys rocked it, as a landlord in queens i will deft use you guys!
it's closing session time  can't wait to hear again, he's always got something interesting to talk about!
Saw you open for Lit in 2002.
LOSC was my high school anthem.
Sad to hear about Allen.
Life is short but music is eternal.
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place: swaaggie!!!!!!!!!!!!
That is an adorable pic
your lucky that you even have a sister :/
Trying to stay awake a bit longer, stupid timezones
Madison City government please fix the roller coaster ride that is University Ave
Come give us a review and tell us what you think!
Had a nice morning.
Got to see  took my little cousin to church.
Now manicure  then cleaning
nun bout to smoke
streaming the best coast show.
not like being there.
h8 you guys
The way things are going, I'm going to need a vacation from my vacation.
What would make your Touchsmart better?
Aside from the technical issues, does it fulfill your needs, at least on paper?
tf i guess i cant take time to eat dinner
thanks Alex..just got the email notice!
Thank you!
NDJDIDJDJ I'M PEWPING!
3 we can be like  remember at jills party when we were screaming, LET'S SPOON!
lolz
hi there!
ouch :S
Got A Job Interview On Friday  Grind Time
mum dad?
huh buddy?!
what was that buddy?
yeah between the large white box trucks pushing wine 2 bars trying 2work with different consulting firms Im pretty stacked now!
thanks!
I am grateful for friends, family and LIS peers!
Waitin on you foo RT : I'm trying to doctornk where ya at ???
Naw Im only working the weekends...I think is the coach!
RT : you doing swim team this year?
Band out of NYC called Underwater Tiger is rolling through Seattle this week.
If you like Emopoprock, you'll like.
Tight band.
My guy forever:
June 1  2 RT : hm sounds like fun!
Maybe I'll stop by!
When u playin round town again?
lolololol, thanks!
:p
I hate that feeling!!!
But makes finding them so so much better!
I'm ready for lunch!
What are your favorite lunch specials in town?
Goodnight !
x
Goodmorning guys I have to fucking pee pee
Tequila tech and wine  the perfect way to kickoff the weekend!!
I've been in this office for 18 months now, but with putting up my Smiths, Cure and Pearl Jam posters last night it finally feels like mine
I could probably get a restraining order if people knew how much I Facebook stalked them
Time for Crybaby to go home, boohoohoo
Spot trending now in Alhambra, CA: Fosselman's Ice Cream  Dessert
Looking forward to San Francisco next week...
Good Monday morning to our fans!
Are you finding beautiful things that inspire you today?
Watching The Big Bang Theory :
it was so good!
: Am I an inconsiderate person?
Can someone answer that for me?
nope u r too considerate but God will bless u for it
YOUR PERFORMANCE IS GONNA ROCK TONIGHT!
YOU'VE GOT THE EYES OF ALL AMERICA WATCHING YOU!
GO OUT AND KILL IT!
I'm wideawaked!!!:/ I should not went to sleep at 8pm...TV it is!!!!
Thanks for the RT, Lisa:
I might only be throwing spitballs, but someone's gotta do it.
Everyone from EnduraPet wishes every one of you a happy, healthy and wonderful holiday!
UVA's website is just not clear or adequately updated, unfortunately.
I meant to put 33 lol and cool!
:
haha i just started the trend by force haha i like it though hahaha and yeah they havent had any new stuff lately!
:/
Thank u God for a beautiful morning,
just agreein with you thats all
I recently read a novel that was full of 4 dot ellipses.
It was painful.
Yet hilarious.
Though it wasn't supposed to be.
When my girlfriend calls me a lazy ignorant fuck who can't think for himself 
cant wait to see do work in the nfl.
nope no holiday here :
ah yeah buddy!
Special people right her
I wish Warrior Poet was a realistic job description.
is that every thursday?
doesn't look like I will be leaving the office any time soon :
Every time I voice my opinion ppl get mad cause they don't like what they hear...
Sorry you're the one that asked???
I'm not gonna lie damn
FOR REAL, UN FINISHED GLUED TRACKS
kk..
thanks for not following me ANYONE..
I GUESS YOUR NOT REAL BELIEBERS..
fasho..nothings gone come to you sittin on ya ass
Follow me on Tumblr!
I follow back!: www.tplynn.tumblr.com
Strawberry rubarb pie heated up with vanilla ice cream on top
My mouth is watering...
But that's half the fun.
I'd really like to see u doctorssed as catwoman.
Do u know what a smileadon is?
Hah yes!
I do exactly the same.
I love tweetups; it's like Look I'm totally out being social...hiding in my laptop/phone
Fianl week of school before spring break
If so, just have them reply and we'll sort out the details.
you did that??
lol i added them on FB tho to my other page the  Octavia Scott PG
yes!
Good looking crew!
I wonder if would let host ignite at the Paramount theater.
That would be sweet!
SignsYourSonMightBeGay he sets appointments for his eye brows to e twizzed....
idk....
Maybe I was wrong...
For acquisitions, huh?
And I feel for those ed staffers who have to maintain programs w/fewer people.
Why You Must Start Using GooglePlus for Sourcing and Recruiting...
Yes, very soon!
Are you involved with the industry or know someone who is?
We'd love to chat!
Someone around where I live is knocking on peoples doors and shooting them when they open it.
What has this world come to.

can't buy your cause it's overpriced
I think my mom has beiber fever ....
o.o
better question, why are you in Popeyes?

I'm finding out how great of an album Learning to Crawl really is.
Pretty much all killer, no filler.
is this shit real, should i miss you after all that we've been through...
Emory has a couple of grad students and alums in DC who'd answer this ?.
Contact me offline for info.
So, how do you build a more trusted competency that carries more weight?
What does that look like?
we readyer.
we can start a google doc to jot ideas.
Yes!
Hm..where to post final blog??
I think we need to buy matching bear coats and go doctornk heavily in midtown one day.
You're one step closer!
Fingers crossed.
My doctoram wouldn't be complete without you in it.
princess  the frog..
Hell yea this is gonna be fuckin amazing TeenWolf follow.
Coming up on the greatest day of the year; Mother's Day!
What are the big plans for mom this weekend???
let us know ht
Really not a fan of the coach cams.
Maybe they'll be more interesting when Frank's face turns purple.
Ppl who bully ppl were once bullied in their livesBe againts bullying;always report it:
Texas?
Really?
We hate you now.
Measurable a goal should be able to be measured.
Set minigoals and big goals and make sure it can be measured.
Does RightNow have a Customer Summit in Antarctica?
angry birds
quite impressive, congrats!
follow and please :D x59
a fitting and beautiful end to the series..
was a truly amazing movie!!
Pulled back muscles for no reason.
Thank God for icy hot and tiger balm, I am officially an old lady.
aw cute pic ladies!!!
:
From an actual casting notice: Nopay, but meals, credit and good vibes.
NonUnion, but SAG okay.
Never felt so good to be HOME 
Yes, the great irony is that my son who woke me up before 6 every morning gets mad if I wake him up before noon now!
It's silly to play JaVale McGee and Timo Mozgov at the same time.
But could they please be in a sitcom together as tall, bickering roomies?
But sounds and looks better ..I think lol
Wait....
We caught Ghandi?
How hard was that?
Nice.
Keep us apprised.
Want your feedback!
And cheers :
Mimi Michaelson  I are researching museums that are reinventing themselves to become more visitorcentered.
Today  tomorrow: the VanAbbe.
i miss you more :
The basis of quantum mechanics isn't normal, its orthonormal.
IF YOU DONT LIKE ME YOU CAN FOLLOW DEEZ!!!!!
teachers  how are you turning the hype behind The Hunger Games movie into a teachable moment in your classroom?
Well I can say I don't look at a girl and say damn I fuck that, now I say she dont got shit on my girl
you don't even know me!!!!!
Where is berk?
Patrick, I'm a nice person with a very low level of anger.
Who knew?
nah, perfect time to meditate lol
Entertainment is so much more entertaining when the characters do things the audience doesn't expect...
just make sure are u a girl or boy
Alabama had a better game tonight, but they sure as hell didn't have a better season.
Happy Leap Day!
How are you celebrating?
Shout out to Kobe and the Lakers going In tonight!!
We get to ask 3 questions and their manager will send us vids!
Help with questions?
We need ideas!
Go!
I promise that I'll never let you go You're all I need, 'cause baby without you I'm just not meσ
Kick ass spring break, went too fast.
One last night in Florida.
Love you guys
haha good morning to you hope all is well
that's crazy!
Just saw a forever lazy commercial, and anything with a bathroom hatch scares me
The 1 are influencers.
They can use their money to gain access.
19 bring expertise.
Their decisions influence the rest.
Shattenkirk such a great name!
so happy to learn my super talented cakebaking niece got a job at a bakery!
I stole it for ya ; that's how important you are to me!
I hear you talking' when I'm on the street!
Stones at Alterra!
feel free to tweet us with any other questions, we are here to help!
What the fuck is wrong with you.
Everyone thought my Austin mahone shirt was justin bieber
thanks for the FF abolitionist friends
I'm joining the Palko wagon that way we can get a real qb for next year
God birthed that idea inside of you that you have been sitting on.
What are you afraid of?
If He gave it to you, it's blessed for success.
Oh Never Mind I thought u were lol!
Do u hate Selena??
What did I do this time?
lol tomorrow night!
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
Halloween is when you have fun.
No matter how old you are 3
Those denim diapers....
creepiest things ever.
At the wheeler vs walton bball game Sean Morgan Rico overall are having a good game.
Why can i ride the metro except where I live.
Way to go Milwaukee!!
RT : Wrapped it up!
90,555  THANK YOU!!!!
uhh we don't really have any merchandise other than the albums and the magazines they appear in, like J14 and BOP.
sorry!
:
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.
Bo Bennett
pretty much...they don't believe and mike wanted it cuz he was talking shit sportsauthority already called me though :
Do you use 's Market News?
How?
Does it help rationalize pricing in your area?
A ChuckNorris delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states...
I love it!!!
Looks amazing!: 3
Thanks to our new followers this week:
Hello Texas!
We meet again.
Just did my first 10 mile run!
Pretty much toast for rest of the day, I think.
Simple fix.
You and should stop being so messy.
Mexico vs.
Venezuela at Sam Boyd Stadium be there!!!
Elle Vie will be making its first appearance at a sporting event!!
More to come...
must clear up later then w u.
Call in my ill show some night
If u need a SF source 2 speak about realities face students going 2 college Exec Director can talk on issue
text me or come over my house this weekend!
I miss you lol
Thank you for the FF!!
I just got really excited because I thought I saw you...
It wasn't you:/
Got Wine?
We are tasting 2 great wines all day today til 6pm!!
Stop by and visit.
Watching the original Conan the Barbarian from 1982...classic!
We'll be sad to see you go but we're glad that you will be partying with us Friday!
Almost done with the week!!
Oh no!
I can't be roped in!
I won't!
I'm watching my !
Dammmmnnnn u
I wanna sseeeeeeeeee
I was thinking of doing an interpretive reading of some of 's recent tweets.
Storms, they will come But I know that the sun will shine again He's my friend And he says that we belong together
Open your eyes so you can see what's in front of you
IHateMondays but today is different.
We are all inspired by a great vision meeting yesterday.
Busted 2.0 in the works baby!!!
Spurrier's Christmas tree wears a visor too.
Can't wait til opening day for the tribe...
Though I might be catching more pirates games than Indians...
cool!
I'm looking at planning a trip down to that area in July.
Anything we should definitely hit up if we have 3 days?
Remember to email your dork shorts presentations to leah dot shafer at gmail dot com
Christopher Platt at wla12: stocking the bestsellers chasing them creates a lot of problems.
Is that what libraries sd be doing?
Sitting at TSW2012 at NCSU getting ready to listen to presentations while scoring biz plans for UF competition.
Busy day!
etay Please keep me posted on your impressions of the traveling conference as you move north to south
clearly you need to clean less!
More than an hour at a time is really too much, dontcha think?
Of course!
Come get some!
tired af...im ready for a nap now!
Skrillex is performing here tonight, and I didn't even know : I want to go so bad.
Looking for Second City's new Mainstage revue but can't find it?
It's now listed as WHO DO WE THINK WE ARE?
Just wanted to clear that up.
4 the people that r followin me i will follow back when i get 2 200 followers :
Tweet early and often!
No sun in Cali
What bout u?
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic restrictions and problems.
Fantasy Baseball Sleepers 2012: 4 Players Guaranteed to Win Your League
nice blunt roll one and bring it here lol
Holidays R around the corner..time to get the house looking good with new floors!!!
I offer suet to my wild birds even in summer.
If you use correct type and quality, it's no problem at all.
Of course, I use Attractor suet.
great job!
Hardet I ever studied for a test
I want a set of lockers SO badly.
why not??
That's great to hear!
I hope it works out.
For those of you without allergies, enjoy the nice weather.
I'm personally wishing for snow right now.
its a bird its a plane nah its the king bitch damn TI killed that aston martin remix...
dude needs to get back to bein old TIP
So much to do, so little time!
re Wonky color.
1 check that it isn't your monitor?
2 reboot?
3 check the cmyk settings?
Good convo at SXSW about Branded Documentary Films.
Follow along at
7 days left and 3 of them comes with football practice after school.
Oh well 3 more days of hitting people :
thanks Brother :
It's my last day in DC and it's storming like crazy.
No bueno.
you'll get some
Today's Sandwich: Meatball sub with mozzarella cheese  marinara sauce served with a bag of chips...6.95
Since the Cubs series win vs.
StL, they're 64 in their past 10 games.
I can live with that.
You have the premium account.
We added the unlimited account a few months ago.
Coming home to my lady I hear George Benson on my hearts strings...
PCTEL Achieves 17.2 Million in First Quarter Revenue
Honestly FUCK SCHOOL.
happy valentines day peoplez hope it starts great mine has just began
aw thats so sweet!!
you don't have nothing to make up!
You guys played your heart out.
STEELERNATION The REAL FANS LOVE YOU GUYS
There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it
A Higher and Higher Level Kisses!
LET'S GO!!!!
WE GOT THIS BOYS.
OpeningNight I've been waiting for this forever!!!
Happy 327th birthday to J.S.
Bach!
In 1920, Joan of Arc was canonized by Pope Benedict XV.
Ran 4 miles today then chased wild balls at baseball practice 1 more day until I had to Vegas!!!
who is the 2nd best player on the bulls?
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just off break..
Hoping my baby does good tonight :
Need something last minute before the Thanksgiving holiday?
Come see us today!
We'll be closed, starting tomorrow, until the 29th!
Many complain of their memory, few of their judgment.
: If I was in a coma after a car accident and when I woke up Channing Tatum told me he was my husband
a bout to punch my bro in the face
ACE Canada Launches Two New Combined Products for Pollution and Casualty Insurance
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking  Henry Ford
The Golden Girls crack me up!!
: 
You rock.
Just sayin'.
Salaried employees should abide by the company policy for inclement weather.
Game day
Thanks sir!
No i didn't but my that mixed is powered by  made by longtime friend and very talented creative brotha .
because of , I found an inspiration :
Agreed RT : Yes RT : IDC what you say Zoe Saldana is bad
i think that ive been holding this in for too long and i'm at my breaking point.
Who is at the LAMarathonExpo ?
Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth716!
Free massages, goodies,  great info on Pancreatic Cancer!
I'm doing anything to avoid starting my quarterly reports.
Enjoying a glass of wine before seeing So excited!
Just left the press conference for the at !
Lots of GREAT changes for this year's race.
Exciting!
Wilbanks: line betw.
data and creative works is blurry
Wow I said luke alliger instead of james smh that's embarrassing
Congrats on a successful show!
sure and idk
To me the most interesting angle of the piece was the intense enthusiasm of some of its users.
Yeesh!
Too many teeny tiny complicated charts at the Consumer Decision Journey presentation
To be sponsor for what?
lol :.
you all like green eggs and ham.
Share and follow.
Fairly certain the woman sitting one row downone row over would throw her underwear on the stage if she could.
Def digs the Doobies
RT : Saw on TV great Home Cookin' win Blazers vs.
Spurs.
LA career high, everyone contributed....I'm on my way to Antarctic
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer3
happy to be on that list
I'm not sure :/
oh im not takin back my plz choke comment now!!
lol.
u was tauntin me
R.I.P Trayvon Martin Retweet To Show Respect
Who's got friends in Denver or Colorado in general?
Send them a ColoradoNative Beer with our app!
Maybe they'll send you a doctornk back!
When is too late to change your branding??
I'm sick of my name.
party time this weekend !
Looking to work on Pan Am Italian looking Will join Aftra to be on show
email me
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the xfactor.
she garnered 6M votes in the Nick's kca voting
ArtFact: At the age of four, Jackson Pollock was playing with a hatchet and chopped off the end of a finger.
Thorough bandwidth planning, active monitoring, and proactive upgrades are a critical necessity for any Cloud provider.
Got my shoes WET !!
Hard to fault anyone for loving their kid, but had tonight's MM ended at the banquet table, it would've rivaled last week's closing image.
3 If we're caterpillars, it's only bc you're the Orkin man.
Where you going ?
Hope not too far...
very cool!
Great exercise :
homies there are nothing like em, where are all my Juggalos at and Juggalettes?
; WHOOP WHOOP!
:D
And you can rest knowing that you LIE and support terrorists who target innocent civilians.
Their blood is on YOUR hands.
We're going to on Thursday, right?
Best of luck to Excited to watch on ESPNU on Friday.
Sold out in Kennesaw.
More of Atlanta bricks
just saw your tweet re: fav PDX desserts!
Thanks!!!
Just wanted to say thank you for being such amazing hosts today!
The team really helped bring it together at the end :
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Thx.
Too often we wear of rapists walking free.
In all countries it happens.
Let's hope it stops here.
haha :D yes I love those
has a bomb Cobb Salad  the owners are sexy
because you're lame.
vs that's the move!
Would you rather be sucked into the world of one game of your choice, or have the ability to play any game you want?
What is the cost of a square farm at 15 per acre, the distance of which is 640 rods?.
i'd like some background info can i come to practice?
haha bc he always wants YOU instead of me!!
:
Rhe Chandler Jazz Festival helped me with that and now I have the news article to help me push to get into others.
Me likey!
WOYZECK won the SILVER MEDAL at the FanTex Film Festival of the Writer's Guild of Germany
If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a your company sucks FB page.
Yes!
Pawmazing prizes!
Thanks for the game tweets.
Keep 'em coming.
The biggest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
And YOU are the best one for the job!
:
This morning has felt like a day in and of itself.
...my guess is World Peace's suspension isn't even close to what Torres got.
Happy bday to this ugly ass nigga
Just landed.
Gonna blast Pink Floyd on the way home.
oh yes I do
Starving but too tired to get up....
all nighters are not good for you.
text me..im in the library writing this lame paper
Lovin basketball this year
Now following :
Cali bound for a few days!
Hello, Alex!
Yes, we have taken notice.
: It's sparked quite a discussion in fact.
Wishing you all the best!
the 2 hour doctorve was worth it!
m hmm...I see ya
Woke up thinking today was Wednesday
I watch pom.
RT this if you misread it.
It's cold  wet outside so stop by our doctor gameroom to warm up :
Why yes, I do tangeray
Oh, great.
Our catalog is down.
Can still find stuff with a workaround.
Correct title from Amazon, title search in circ.
Prestone!
hmm, thx, lots to think about.
Right now I am being myself butkids don't respect me.
Sometimes learning happens
Arse kicking are my specialty!
Looking forward to it!
We had a guitar playing caller...
that said the guitarist for The Fray was playing a flat or sharp wrong...?
Good point!
Ideal is to keep the best of the vintage and add the best of the new.
Problem: define best
B/C its to help my aunt find the perfect COMBO.
for her new and first child
Should have taken all the emails from people about working from home as a sign.
The people that matter know I'm with em all tha way
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
On my way to clasz half slp...
hopen that time past by fast
Enjoying LeBron James jokes this morning.
You clever clever people.
Lol that's not nice
Had a nuts month
Dude!
You need to let the minions know you're still alive!
xD
Good to meet you,too!
Carmel : Another highlight..talking local theatre compliments to our wonderful library!
Excited to have in Philadelphia.
I'm betting a 3rd person changes the whole company dynamic.
lmao who are you talking about?
whatevs.
You coming to derby or what?
Come down to Twins Jazz club to catch my band performing original music from my album 1334 U ST NW DC 8pm
It can't be more than 45 degrees in this apartment right now.
I shouldn't need to wear my winter coat INSIDE.
Great to have the socialirl group here at the building today.
I hope you enjoyed the day.
If ur trying to upload an app or script for sourcefest, is having some issues, so be patient and try again in a few hours.
Thx!
iight well when u comin through So I can be ready?
yeah me might!
He's not that way!
ohh , well I don't even know what you look like !
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Marilyn vos Savant
Very good win today by The Cats over the Vols !!!
Now getting ready for the PACK tomorrow.
GO CATS GO PACK !!!!!!!
writing about baseball!
Bravo to for another great Christmas show!
I'm one big ball of Christmas spirit right now.
sounds like someone's jealous...
Had a doctoram about a canary over the weekend.
I like the meaning behind that and really hope it's true.
I really like this canary.
Hi my name is Mulania I'm a political refugee from Burma I speak Karen.
I need a job.
I've applied to the IRC website but no answer!
2 that I had in high school.
There is going to be some serious nerd fashion happening this afternoon!!!
Why doesn't my computer have any sense of urgency?
This video rendering is taking forever!
It is Friday, hurry up computer!
Yeah and in high school, people tend to try to live up to stereotypes than embrace being diffrent.
I gotcha.
Good game 1
we are all pretty cute
thanks Natalie!
Some cards do offer protection against fraudulent charges like that.
If someone was able to charge 25k, prob protected
centralonline Last service of the day!
Happy Easter everyone!
kay, well i have to go, TrueBieberFans, going to get My World 2.0 tmm no matter what, rain sleet snow or hail.
justin never fails.
xx
I love people watching at airports.
In Music Meeting Brandon Flowers Crossfire solo record?
just like da Killers, uv heard it before, if ur not bored w/them ul like
Always Revive the doctorve to Make Things Happen for Yourself  Sapee Dont stay Down for too long.
Fact is, Life is Full of Upz n Downz
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Enjoy it for me while I'm inside all day :
Must be really bad...now every siren known to man has gone off  honking.
so that's what everybody means by be careful on the Internet..
you'll have a creep chasing you
.
Absolutely.
Looking forward to learning more.
just checked you out on FB!
We should play a show if you ever tour near NM.
Thanks for letting me know and best of luck as you progress towards your next job!
I don't need a rebound, just a distraction and can't even find that!
Were are all the single guys at?
Thanks!
Look forward to seeing more from the crew!
Will we see you at Hip Hop International this year in Vegas?
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I failed that doctorvers license test
Thank you : We are humbled by your kind words!
shhhh what happens at BSG stays burned in memories forever!
SHA2012 On road from St.
Louis, what's this about Nor'Easters inbound to Baltimore?
you need to reintroduce yourself to that movie.
Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded as three modern America
I'm the perfect definition.
Just got my orange wristbands in the mail.
Those are all access, yes?
I'm with you on 2understanding Lost!
For me...the whole d show!
Tomorrow morning, have a big announcement at 9!
You better listen!
Am I the only one who's been so busy that I forgot to have lunch????
FREE MY NIGGA
We are always looking for new voice over talent.
If you are available for voice work please let us know!
Thanks
Just finished shooting hoops.
Man its getting hot out there and its already 11am
I've never been a bigger Colt McCoy fan.
Very welcome!
Thank you for giving me a good faith effort.
Keep me posted on how things turn out...
Hey D, I sent you a dm.
Happy Easter man.
God bless!
remember when twitter was just a toddler, we all had so much fun telling life stories now it's nothing like that, and never will be again
thanks for the shout out!
Thanks to Danger Mouse...the Norah Jones record is actually worth a listen.
But seriously, let's do this.
The road trip, not the outfits.
But maybe the outfits.
We don't have to decide now.
RT Sit with a stranger and listen to them speak on topics you know nothing about.
Be inspired.
thank god for extended battery
It's Friday!!!
Time to get loco at FloCo!...after getting some studying done in the business center, of course...
Such a fun weekend, thanks for the support friends!
Now back to business...
finishing up my taxes  back to the design grind!
Actually, is trying to have me be a Hollywood Squares guest!
But we still have to Skype at other times.
Thousands will march tomorrow in Seattle for workers and immigration rights here is a story and a space for you, my readers, to talk...
Back in the studio
Morning listening: cat trying to eat the the garbage can.
i love you so much you're always so amazing to me i wish i was as good a friend as you
Thx to Rebekah  Don from NARA for helping us figure out social media  web records
Off to the AM event to learn from Dan Kaplan of about
I really hope Oregon State plays LouisianaMonroe in football soon.
I vote ULM forever!
I would so faint if I get this dance instructor position.
:
One of the processes of your life is to constantly break down that inferiority, to constantly reaffirm that I Am Somebody.
Alvin Ailey
I think I have an unhealthy obsession with checklists...
Good morning everyone got up in a good mood lets hope istay in a good mood::::
in Kentucky they put our names on our jerseys...
In Croatia WE HAVE NO JERSEYS!!
So ready to get out the crib and graduate, one week from today!
HardestThingToDo ;; stay warm in New York when winter is coming..
Hiking in the Berkeley hills today, the slope got too steep and dusty.
I took off my shoes ...
so thats what toes are for!
tweet something!
cleans.
I don't like cleaning.
:
you too thanks
The next 12 hours will be spend in a caffeinefueled, sleepdeprived and anxietyenhanced rage as I finish my last 2 finals...
Thank YOU Jocelyn!
You rock :
RT Hopefully we'll see you at the event on May 12.
Go DC!
This week, very interesting topic.
Jeanette Chasworth talking about the power of color.
Thurs 89pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
praying u have a speedy recovery!
We are giving away 2 FREE Bears tickets in the month of November to one of our Twitter followers who signs up for a free professorle!
Enter now!
Yes.
THAT kind of awesome!
RT And if by awesome you mean HungerGames nerds, you are correct :
i can't fall asleep wtf i hate insomina
So thankful for good conversation with and God giving me a future husband who pours sweet,Godgiven wisdom into me
/ a few grains.
RT : well, not completely meaningless but definitely worth several grains of salt
Thanks to all who attended tonight's event featuring AD Larry Williams!
Great to connect with so many.
: Hey mom?
WHAT!?
Nevermind youre not in a good mood.
I got you guys.
U go a long way to get ur way :'
My experience is college/university, not employer, gives credit for a course overseeing forcredit internship.
cc:
Attempting ice fishing for the first time followed by the Ravens game!
A perfect Sunday.
Purple  black!
Hey can u please follow me?
I bet u guys r gonna kill it tommorow Cnt wait!
this is Edgar at WCCO Radio do you think we could get a hold of your friend in Mexico.
Please call me 3327900 thank you
You think we are dating???
Good news: I won a bet.
Bad news: my friend has to change his name legally to Doctor Flexagon.
a little hard to watch yes!
Maybe next time right?
RT : social workplace: expert meets expert ..like the tag line linc cisco w/ swarming  justintime learning
I loved those weeks.
Enjoy!
I know!
It's one of my favorites!
Metta World, ah, forget it.
thanks for all of the RTs!
hope you are well!
short film, just a huge cat sitting there...BURP!
RT : Good morning everyone!
Another blessing, another opportunity, another day to improve!
Just checked my itunes for Nelly lol got it.
Hi testing sonar  Jacob Tyler Creative Group
theres something i didnt like: you never write me ..
: can u change that now?
3
I see a fat blunt in my future
Please clarify yr allegation: and/or plagiarise content, or consume news online for free.
Which?
Well Ima bad bitch and I know it lmao tyty voice...
Tyty lol way an immature name sisi
Loved it!
:
BNI breakfast time.
Thanks for the RT today
ice cream it is then :
I am, too!
I came home and immediately looked in the fridge.
RT Moderating at digitalhollywood on Mon on future immersive consumer experiences with ...
a big group of us is DEF going!!
Hanging by a thread
You are welcome.
Best of luck in your PR career.
I tested the Ph levels this morning...it was almost all P...and no H...
I don't know why I'm up...
Todays downtown specials are: Roasted Cauliflower, Tomato, and butternut squash.
Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry mint.
Do any of my followers own a ?
I've got specific questions about usage and subscriptions.
i know what you meangrant finally insisted that i upgrade..which means that he upgraded too.
that was the best, or all the cute people
The coach looks 'Skerryier' than the players!
A little dark chocolate may reduce the risk of heart failure.
A little being the key here and make it DARK!
Less sugar more chocolate.
Beautiful pix!
Thx for sharing!
fantastic.
Will come by booth for sure if nothing else

ok.
this may explain the very negative note I received.
Sorry you were spammed!
shut up mister.
FORD!
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to following more closely the news in your reporting area.
Cheers.
HT to the spam bots for staying off lrnchat last night, but they're back :
I just bought a brand new John Deere
ThinkLikeAMan funny as movie bro  lmfaaao
close, because he's dead
i have school tomorow but i gotta plan :D xD
nice meeting you!
I'll fill out an about.me due to your inspiration.
it's a mindset, a skill set  most importantly training those who deliver services in the District to be the most skilled.
Hey, puke and rally.
big match today legooo!
What is a man's view of safe sex?
A padded headboard.
I'm so glad its late so nobody will see this confession..
but..
I'm not happy that Make It Or Break it is completely over.
Yes I'm a fan.
doctor Scott Fraser: a long history of antipathy between science  law.
need STEM in law schools,  all memories are reconstructed
I love you so much i know all of your songs Super Bass, Autobiography,Muny,Blow Ya Mind, Romans Revenge, Save Me, Massive Attack
SO TRUE SO TRUE.
Screw you for leading me on!
'Forever' has 7 letters, and so does 'Goodbye'
Playing sims ...
no life
I GREW UP A FAN OF PCs and WINDOWS.
BUT NOW??
RETURN OF THE MAC .
DONT MISS ALL THESE ERROR MESSAGES AN WARNINGS ALL OVER THE PLACE.
Halle Berry screamed at the paparazzi like I wanted to scream after I saw Catwoman.
Thank U for the RT!
It cost so much more to hate than it does to love.
Solomon
apparently coconut shampoo but damn that sucks
Jump into your bathtub doctormatically?
Thank you!
That's our new fall addition..
Glad you like it!
STANK w/ DJ The Metaphysical  A night of heaters, rug burners, awesome tracks  dance floor  10PM 
Q5  Really?
Why is that your favorite?
Oh, and listening to P.O.D., too.
Go figure.
To bed
Just over two weeks until Bring Me The Horizon and Parkway doctorve!
Thanks, just went and renewed my license.
It was painless.
Nothing is better than the encouragement of a good friend.
Jean Jacques Rousseau
Hitting every sample table at Costco
Today is my husband's 49th birthday.
The day we met I was 17 and he was 20.
This is just a little freaky to me.
RT Pretty much.
RT : The bottom line on why social media works: people like people.
not cool.
Sorry people suck.
Was doing so well at the pacer until I tripped .
now my ankle hu
do you have any idea of its whereabouts??
i have no clue
Let's get high , kill these lows...
Fuckin FAIL.
That shit was embarrassing.
hosting the glaadawards!
Amazing!
FYI if u store apples together with potatoesthe ethylene gas the apples emit prevents potatoes from sprouting.
yeah cuz it serves no purpose nemore...we need la bck now
doctorss me as if your life depended on it.
hello RR
sucks, huh?
You asked for it and we listened.
New GROUPON begins tomorrow 8/11/11 10.00 for two taco platters of choice and two soft doctornks 20.50value
Thats a good way to let people know how to bundle up their kids for school though.
doctorss like a polar bear today.
oh I sowwy :
: What's a nice way to ask who somebody is when u get a text with just a number, no name?
hey new phone and no contacts!
Good morning TweetDontEaters!
What types of breakfast foods do you eat on the run?
Same.
I guess technically they're my home team so I should root them on.
I have to disagree with Blair Levin; Europeans don't have the kind of discretionary spending on electronics as Americans do.
Lol a Wessex water van just doctorve past using one of those microphone things to say the water supply is going off for 1 hour
Hope all my friends in Nashville escaped the storm last evening!
Tomorrow's game kicks off at 3:30 against UWLacrosse!
Get ready for a great day of rugby as MURFC looks to bounce back!
The Good Morning text I just got..
lol : Don't worry.
I weigh more than them too.
: Why do I weigh more than Mayweather  Cotto?!?!!!
WHY!?!
I wonder how many people don't have a life, they spend so much time here or on internet games
We will be praying for you
your bed looks extremely comfortable ..
lets watch a movie.
Thanks for FF mention.
MAVC will definitely travel to Roanoke to play volleyball this year; most likely in March.
The audio is so far behind the visual on CBS it's ridiculous.
You can't tell watching golf til a tee shot.
Swing and tink five seconds l8r
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: The Rock  Roll Yearbook for 1971  The Allman Brothers record world class performances at the...
But You Didnt Tell Me Goodnitee :
thanks!
Definitely
there are so many subliminal messages in this movie
does victoria follow youu?
It is the same time...we just didn't feel like corking the bottle.
I got u I do musik myself ill hit that up thoe
Haha, get with it, Dana.
I love hearing about your interaction with Jolly.
Wish him all the best no doubt.
Nothing like finishing dinner just as the SportingKC game starts.
Too long of a day at work if you ask me.
I have a universal one
Show tomorrow night, 7pm at Clearwater Theater in West Dundee with our friends Indolent, Zero to End, and Dysfunctional Mariachi.
8 for tix
; Oh ya, WA, OR,  northern CA I really like alot too, beautiful...stuck in OH lol, I hear ya, I live in AL now :/
Well, hello Saturday ...
it's been awhile.
nice pic you look great!!
the tattoo!
lolol
InMiddleSchool we played ultimate frisbee with misterYoung, and I was a boss at it!
preThanksgiving so let's get it over with and go eat!
Knock the world right off its feet and straight onto its head.
oops.
Also good luck tomorrow at the iron bowl this weekend!
WDE.
S/o to the Ark.
musicians!!!
Keep God First
is it here?
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
To scan a hard copy of a doc insert it into your scanner's sheet feeder; press the simplex or the duplex button on the scanner.
Florence, Silversun Pickups, M83, Sleigh Bells, LIGHTS, Two Door Cinema Club, Grouplove, Scissor Sisters, etc etc!
With da band doctornking smoothies...I love orange...nd i gotta stop sayin da...
CHARLES!!!!
IM THE JUGGERNAUT BITCH!!!!
Oh my gosh I just practiced parking like 10 times
LM Police Chief Ed Aceves says his staff reports every crime and makes them public...
so people know what is really going on in the city
M what is that smell?
What perfume or cologne are you wearing today?
and speaking of aromas, 4:20 FLOYD is coming up next...
Follow my crew ...
In depth discussion about life, music, and all things relevant.
and overall niall's just better in general :
If you take Closing Time, you'll never have a hangover again ; check out our page for a chance to win a free sample!
Charity fundoctoriser at doctor Howell's for the Special Olympics of St.
A.
Then out to celebrate Josh's 27th!
He has nice lats.
Many kind words coming back on the new posters.
We do plan on making them available in the future.
Thanks for all the support Horror lovers
oh naïveté.
Ignorance is bliss.
;
lol i never liked it .
I got a 1030 for my score on that online test in pre algabra today.
mister K said that was a new high score
this is going to be a very busy weekend.
i am in boston.
selfishly, would love for you to come.
Do you use Twitter?
If so, please follow us Thank you!
Legalized doctorgs would make my life much better though.
Less niggas bragging about getting high to fit in
I'm wondering how many times in NBA history someone has had 15 rebounds and 20 assists in the same game.
Can't be many.
I can't breathe without you but I have to.
If he/she cant keep a conversation; what makes you think he/she can keep a relationship?
You should automatically get a loss when Nazr Mohammed can get inside that easily...
Dear Denver, thanks for supporting us this weekend!
We're so proud of what we accomplished!
Hes an inspiration to a lot of people,  he's always there for his beliebers  thinks we're flawless:
oh man that is the best!
Hot dogs or Peas are also a clutch move!
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.
Cathy Guisewite.
when purchasing a spaceship the priorities are: 1 voiceovers 2.uniforms 3.learning to fly
My Falcons lost today.
They really didn't seem to be firing on all cylinders.
TGIF!!!
Have a great day!
I'm glad twitter is not down!
every hour is sad o'clock in a Nicholas sparks movie.
Ha!
Yo dis little Sixth Grade girl got the nerves to tell me I'm too young to be in love.
Girl Bye!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
RT : Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
B.F.
Skinner
Tonight come by to watch some Monday Night Football :
showcasing some talent in sherman oaks.
I can no longer stand the trash, ghetto conversations going on around me everyday.
: Betty was never really likable, but good gawd she's a cunt this season.
MadMen Lol, so true :D
72 plan to research gifts online before buying this holiday seasonDeloitte Consumer Survey
I love with Real talk, invokes feeling that we're all in this together.
I wish that I knew some way to hashtag the doctorp in this song.
Alan Meltzer Leaves 1.5 Million To doctorver and Doorman
I manage everything on the facepages and the twitters for my client, moonlighting as a 40 yr old stay at home mom that cooks a lot.
Did she really just asked me can we go out tonite?
Hell to the no I'm gettin money no time to play wit u this weekend sorry
yea I kno
WE LOVE YOU TOO!
Gearing up to release a slew of new music, can't wait to hear your feedback!
Loser Lemonade: Home of the 808
Um........why are there helicopters circling my house?!?!!?
I assume that's how Air Shows doctorw thousands of spectators every year.
4 pilots are aready gone like this during five years.
I'd hoped the words That Bernie review isn't writing itself would have some stimulative effect on my motivation.
No go.
Bee venom has antiinflammatory qualities and has been an ancient remedy for arthritis relief if the person is not allergic.
The hashtag didn't work on the last tweet, but you get the idea.
That's awesome.
: I wanna wake up to a cute text message : same here...
My phone is dead, hold on call you in a sec
YONDER MOUNTAIN STRING BAND  Pabst Theater  Friday, November 11  8PM DOORS.
It's OK to retweet any information regarding your beat.
Readers can consider the source
Considering Whitney grew up in Newark and lived to be 48, she actually died of old age.
tonight, showing the directors the poem I've been working on for the street theater piece in colombia ...
Lol nah that's all u PLAYA!
I'm gonna start going by Tafari for this music shit.
That sounds dope.
It's official.
Grill homemade pizza!
RT : A1 When Grilling Exotic for the adults order Pizza for the kids
Friends w Insomnia: get over it.
Seriously.
You're Better and Greater.
It's just a state of mind and you CAN change it.
Peace.
RT : Interesting that FACULTY were more engaged with students when using Twitter in class and vice versa
I don't think that's how chickens make more chickens...
I have just seen it all...
A man in a man doctorss?
What has the world come to....
Awesome.
: FightTheFuture is trending already, damn!
:'
Project number three  fixing his brakes.
What do you do when your doctorams become reality???
When we think of leaders, we remember times of change, innovation and conflict
i doctorp shyt..
h0es pOp it..
dem birdiez fOll0w it...
gOt my name in yO mOuth?
b1tch swallOw it
Finish your work early and act like you're doing something productive for the remaining 40 minutes.
Ready...
go.
lol RT seeing you the other day : 
Rappers ain't supposed to do what R  B singers do
let's dance.
did you read the post, its not about the story, its about the editorial decisions that have been made
Definitely piling up on the grass  not sticking on the road yet
This bitch on campus pd just rolled up a dollar and tried to smoke it because she didn't have a cigarette...
Thought so, not worried too much, it's recruiting at the end of the day.
Let's go Gators!
We would love to begin our careers in Seattle!
Do you have any positions to suggest to our May 2012 graduating seniors?
A surplus?
People with a spending addiction aren't going to like that one bit.
Tell us what summerart programs your org has planned!
We want to hear all about it and retweet it!
Thnx.
Thank you for supporting  attending beautiful luncheon.
Enjoy chocolate!
congrats JP, big end of year wins for you guys

i fucking hate chemistry.
Watchin the substitute the new york team is a school like 15mins away from me lol ik a kid who goes there
My timeline's not dead but my mentions sure are..
it's sslurtles all the way down!

Is A RudeAss BestFriend
But again they blogged dismay and apprehension
This packet is love
That's game!
SportingKC beats LA 10  is still unbeaten.
Great game by  the team.
Sharing best practices about how to kill things and light fires.
Shared by showing.
Back On My Ssht, Niggas Dont Want What I Want.
20ThingsAboutMe I tend to get attached very easily in a relationship, yet it takes time to earn my trust.
make sure you check out my links for doritos on my page below on my twitter page!!!
Manic Monday specials at A1 styles book ur appointment asap 9163042663 check out A1 styles of facebook
Many Moods of Ben Vaughn came just in time to save a poopy Saturday.
Saturday begins anew.
Clarissa Explains it All my nigga.
I'm starting to believe there really are only two and a half degrees of separation between Seattleites.
I added commentluv to my blog last night...pretty fun!
Well...not the process of adding it :op
That is shrimpy von shrimpness guess who said that?
You and your swag can go fuck your selfs.
RT: Imagine all the shit I don't say
Its kool I enjoy it
too late...
you're such a good friend lawren.
Now lets go fuck some bitches up.
Bounced back and pitched well
Looking at a long list today.
TRAUMA Box 522 Eutaw Pl  doctorid Park Lake doctor Auto accident, car overturned.
Medics taking 69yom to in CRITICAL cond
I have so much more respect for you.
That was the REALEST shit I've ever heard.
My ma took off on me cuz of her addictions
Tapping tonight RahrBrewing snowmageddon with cocoa nibbs on cask!
YUM
great interview.
That was a valid point.
Thanks for sharing your views!
Best Buy should send me roses today since they do nothing but fuck me.
Im creating a series of noted around my house to remind me to workout : lets go!
Ah.
Shorts.
3
you're very welcome.
You think?
me me!
i actually have a shoot the 25th there
I see looking fresh !
Exxon found a high level of improvement in communications  operating results.
So it has made it a required training experience for managers
RT RT RETWEET If the first thing you do in the morning, is check your phone.
we don't right now; just US.
the challenge is language  food terms are highly cultural / unique and don't translate well :
Hey Reco I still want you to come down this year Nov 1113 and be apart of LS Fashion Wk bring it!
Receive 10 OFF any BKAO handmade clothing or bag!
Just mention TWITTER TEN at checkout!
Booth
I was just messing around man.
You know I love food too much
Daps for Marni, who makes a beautiful shoe that can endure a long night.
Im so tired of being used, I fucking hate my exs.
Stuck up bitches, that constantly need cock to live in life fuck
Bath time, reading The Hunger Games.
thanks for the follow!
I'm excited to see what urbim produces.
I feel like the HEAT are trying to kill me!!!!
Just win the game please!
how was ya sleep
Our Jamaican jerk pork and brie was jammin', slowbraised lamb was luscious, but our Hebrew Nationals w all beef chili  cheese are banging!
All crossed!
I'm ignoring John.
xoxox SNOW DAY
usually the next day for ATT
Well, it's time to MOVE!
Back from watching my baby cousin 33
Interesting to see little or no corporate logos inside Rose Garden for NCAA tourney compared to college bowl games
Go to the New Balance store and check out Aravon shoes.
They may be what you want.
Gourme Mist is reaching out to nutritionists and registered dieticians.
Not much about your personality so much as your love life.
Yikes!
Is the head coach from SaintLouis is wearing Pajamas?
I may actually partake in the democratic process and vote...for one of the contestants on the voice.
It's either opera dude or rocker chick.
Mommy Life: Eric Ludy on adoption
Keep your thoughts focused on God keep His word in your heart so when the enemy comes to attack you will bd ready
Good morning!
not much, about to hit the sheets soon....gotta be up early to get some writing done before work...whats up with you?
Portland Oregon?!
My home!
definitely one of my favorite eps, I never get tired of watching it.
oh baby rowsdower saves us and saves all the world
The noise that the tool they scrape your teeth with makes when they're cleaning them 
Come on Rockies!!
It was great to have met you at the conference last weekend!
Awful day
hey soror.
Need help.
A group from dallas jack and jill wants to tour cau fri at 2 pm.
Sent u an email.
Janis
my name not Sarah
Mike Stud remix of Boyfriend.
Your welcome.
Just got finished doctorpping tirene off .
Heading to the mall
doctorving by our new house one last time before hitting the road back to Memphis.
See you again soon, little house!
Thx for the follow, stop by and say hi when you are biketouring Baltimore we have beautiful architecture in Charm City ;
Besides utilizing my warm weather wardoctorbe?
Soaking up the sun while jogging through Central Park
wow that sounds like an amazing trip.
First time there?
haha same here dude!
Life has spoken all conversations cease
Thanks to for being the 1,000th person to follow me on Twitter!
Awesome news!
Congratulations to the Terso team!
I'm going to cry its actually so perfect aw
: Oh no...
I'm very proud of it!
lol...
How old are you?
About to be 29!
when u need it im still out here on 87th u can get it now fam
Sounds like Congress is back in session on 17th street this evening!
I did her wrong but yet she still around but she treat me lik shit shuld I except it or leave it alone?
Hahahaha!!!
I like that they actually let the kids have front row.
Very generous.
Real southern gentlemen.
We're nice people.
Lol that dog!
They're all over New Orleans lol I took a pic by the icee dog.
What part of the World are you?
Whew!
That's gonna have to be enough FF love for today.
I can't type anymore.
Have a green wknd  tell ur fav stores about !
I'm watching Tin Cup lol
No problem :  Bretana
there is no bathroom!
to early for me fuck that !
blah blah blah leave me alone lol.
Them ashy lips.
Someone talk to me :
I'M HUNGRY AND I KNOW IT.
Just got a call from a regular.She is upset she will miss sidewalk sale Wants us to know she is OK, just out of town
JustRememberThat just because one guy hurt you all guys aren't the same.
Love me, hate me  either way you're thinking of me!
Time for swimming lessons with the boy.
Dunk him!
Dunk him!
Dunk him!
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 41
GL: as long I can share work w/ people I study, even noone agrees, OK.
R job not to approve/disapprove; but 2 show how things work
good luck!
and have fun
yea!!!
I got the part I wanted D
I'm kicking some doors down!
doctorve deserved an OscarUpset in Sound Editing!
The entire movie was led by the audio!
I dont wanna go to school :/
these 2 people survived the zombies and shizz and got into the govt place and now the govt trying to kill them cuz yolo
Dear Ohio: Please fire Boehner.
He is a 1 bagboy.
And he cries when he doctornks, which is not fun at parties.
Happy New Year pastry world i was away from internet for the weekend but i am back
True.
There are a lot of talented artists who could benefit from those programs if they were within reach financially.
Today Show right now  'Nag No More'.
Perfect segment to watch to help marriages  relationships in terms of communication  conflict.
A hug is like a boomerang  you get it back right away.
Bil Keane
Late wake up for me  lots of black coffee  lots of black metal.
What's your kickstart to get your morning going?
Let's go White Sox.
Get that W.
stop by and visit our booth!
external collaboration research is in minority at gail2010.
Potential for next year's conference presentations.
am doing great too.I just thought it would be great to say hi.and its nice being your twitter pal
A: Keep it original.
Don't go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
Good morning to you.
The weather seems like it will be tolerable this weekend in the S of A.
Enjoy it!
Guess who I'm sitting next to right this moment?
Katherine Boyette is in the house!
EVERYTHING is on my flash doctorve.
Lawd 
Just got some love from Jonathan brandmeier on WGN radio!
Work zone safety week in full swing!
An age is called dark, not because the light fails to shine but because people refuse to see it.
James Michener
what do you mean story of your life?
Jets just got majorly lucky.
I still beLEEve.
Don't ever get Geico insurance.
They have the worst customer service ever.
RT The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value.S.
Covey
Ashleigh is singing at a celebrity fundoctoriser hosted by Billy Dec on March 8th!
We are so happy for her!
beep beep I go to sleep
Paul Pierce just passed Larry Bird on Celtics AllTime Scoring List, that one makes you stop and think!
u so nasty!
Stay healthy over the holidays by doctornking water, getting some wellneeded sleep, and don't forget to floss after all of those big meals!
Hey nashville peeps...
dont doctorve.
and I will go dance in the rain now.
I just had the tastiest food in ParkSlope Brooklyn.
It's got a great daytime crowd here and the nicest staff.
Both teams average over 1 point/minute on offense and 61 and 64 possessions per 40 minutes.
Talk about little to no value in that Under..
Good Morning everyone sending coffee to all xo
Where in the world are you tuning into the seder from?
Thanks!
It's my goal to make immersive gallery  mobile platforms including games to share Jewish art history.
That's not nearly big enough.
totally forgot how much he hates auditioning.
Test Message..
This weekend i found out who my REAL friends are
Too much doctorbble, doctorbble, jump stop by Taylor 25 ft from the basket.
I did at first as well.
Thats how I realized what you were saying.
...Especially if you add to that the fast break points they can make off lakers turnovers.
where is it at?
got to say, those are some new criticisms for me!
email me 
Thank you very much for the follow.
Appreciated greatly.
Have a wonderful day!
Peace  Love.
Time cannot go by any slower
IM FREE!!!!!!!
READY FOR CHICAGO BABY!!!!
i wish
yes and yes!
We have lots of other editions, check out our etsy shop: crackeddesigns.etsy.com
oh hell no why are you so dirrrttyy
Wth happened to Houston winter?
This is pretty cool  RT UN food relief agency partners with film
Might get me some toms tomorrow:
At times I do miss having my ex bf,.bc id have someone to sleep next to every night and wake up next to every morning
: Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest.
: Halo EpicFailhow?
omg love it!
CORPUS CHRISTI for the Glass Slipper Ball!!!
The brakes in the van don't work.
Hoping the brake fluid we added helped.
Time to rock the shit out of Atlantic City
While I can't professorssionally endorse the 1 blackjack tables at Sahara in Vegas the game's a freaking riot!!!
I almost wish it was simple my doctor doesn't know what's wrong with me so I have to see a whole list of others to find out.
Working before teaching tap this evening.
Hope I have time to pull together the tap news today.
We'll see...
visiting my neck of the woods for a week.
good to see everyone
thanks!!
that's really nice :
it's my baby boo 's birthday!
Love you 3 :
Thank you to VMeals for providing TBBmore with a wonderful spread!
Project Jamaica, Queens lives.
Olive garden is my favorite restaurant
nutritious but definitely NOT delicious.
bleh!
In the lab mixing down A record for my boy from GA Party Animal FIRE!
Finish up Tribute mix tomorrow.
Seriously, June is gonna be the fucking BEST!
Can't wait!
In the name of fabric testing I am now wearing a pair of jeans under my doctorss.
I look like a fool; this is some serious job dedication.
that she can get milk from sippy.
IDK, maybe worth a shot..
and she may like game of going back  forth.
Um amma go to bed now I have2 wake up early
He opened the show w Obi Wan  Luke watching R2D2's video projection of hardcore pornography instead of Princess Lelia's cry for help.
Maryland football: beautiful offense, offensive unis
adorable new picture mister Biersack:
Merry christmas!!!!!!
Good friends.
Bad friends.
We all have them.
So...Bill Murray telling Jonathan Wilson how cool he is at San Jose.
Whoa.

yeah Jennifer!
Here we are on twitter.
have a great weekend.
If I went to bed right now , I wouldn't be so tiers in the morning , but instead I choose to stay up until like one ..
Bad choices !
Update: Nightline segment will run TOMORROW night, May 8th on ABC.
Stay tuned!
Holy shit, a player from the Royals walked.
Yes, took 4 balls.
CRAZY!
Don't forget Friday Night Flights from 6pm to 10pm but stop by for dinner here before!
...
Which was almost autocorrected to even badasses need napalm.
would love to read some of your stuff...
where should I start?
Is vitamin water a thing?
Happy birthday
New user name, new default, new look!
Stay in touch.
is that a rhetorical question Bradley?
I am completely confused right now
recommends Voice Memo App
I do not know the specifics of the advertising on the site; however, I believe it is a 3rd party that is involved, not DK.
I am toying with bringing my windbreaker, but wondering how much time will I really be outside.
dm Me I deleted my aim app ;p
Jimmy tressel called it quits?!
I wanna see Diddy do what doctor did with Biggie that would b the shit east coast baby
Looking forward to moderating today's PRSAHoosier luncheon featuring !
Follow along via
Ad Clubbin' it up tonight.
6pm UWM Union room 179.
Strategy vs.
graphic design work

will be talking socialmedia w/  their event council tomorrow.
Looking forward to it!
I think I missed another meme...
Dinner served by the hubs: bratwursts, seared to a fine juicy crisp.
Yummies.
Good luck!
me too!!
Can't wait to have time for this :
Thanks for getting us to 800 followers!
I gave up not because im weak but because your no longer worth fighting for
I'm not gone say he choked.
He made some mistakes.
lol
Currently laughing at myself.
I can really amaze myself sometimes.
pills  Silver Bulletts?
Lowell
wouldn't it b ello in your country?
Lol
Can't wait to show everyone the Spring/Summer Line, this will be our biggest release to date!
Pssssht.
Whatever, crazy therapist lady.
What.
Ever.
my birthday was yesterday had fun
ight bet lemme know: I wanna see you
It would get 65mpg and NOT be a hybrid.
The hybrid version would get 90mpg.
And it would run on water only.
Yeah.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it!
Lucy Larcom
Politics, rock, and hip hop.
These people's know Wassup
Great run out there today!
will be a massive meltdown in Indy if they do not win SB now but especially if they don't even make it
with that being said, Wings a great 44 team.
They score here!
This has all the makings of game 7 w/ all the whistles early
Lots accomplished today, alot more to do tomorrow, off to enjoy the rest of the evening, hope you all are well!
see you all again tomorrow!
I was a tad high strung at the the time ...
ANYHOW I'm glad you're OK, soon it will be
Sorry for the delay!
Tonight we're doing half off bottles of wine.
Teldeschi Zinfandel with the Duck Breast?!
I'd take us up.
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead.
Worry gets you no place.
Roy Acuff
yay!:D ohh so being cute make you funny.?
On then this gone new hilarious.
Y is6 afraid of7 ???
:0
Sipping coffee in Peet's, listening to talk to himself.
but, of course
Thank you for RT's
An IU vs UK game is good for iubb and bbn; not coming to terms is a loss for both sides.
Esp.
if it's over money.
this kid in my PSA class quoted our line from Sex doctorve!
It made my day!
working on some new music and its amazing,, will be keeping u posted
You didn't know I was a Packers fan?!?!
Lol.
specially when he falls, he never gets back on D smh
I have this 3ft bear its more than half my size, I don't want it anymore......
Any takers?
Lets do this.
the entire record multiple times.
Welcome to the SFWordpress Meetup.
Any tweets with the SFWordPress tag will go to this wall!
welcome to Twitter!
To an amazing women Happy Birthday Pattie : Wish you the best of life 
you guys ever cover toll road issues in MD?
If you were worried bout where I've been or who I saw or What club I went to with my homies baby don't worry you know that you got me
Let's go brewers.
MSE in the house with the marketing gorilla.
at least fights that I won't get in trouble for
Only 23 days till Euro 2012...
I have to practice parking today...my road test is tomorrow!!!!
Yikes :/
And the berklee library www is back!
Our fingers are crossed that that's the last of itthanks for your patience.
True blood on dvd :
I love the movie brave heart!
William Wallace / Mel Gibson sure knew how to piss off those fruity English bastards.
Freedom !!!!
wish I could say the same.
I agree!
It appeals to mass consciousness.
TalkingFunny was a great success.
Loved hearing some great theories of comedy from comedy greats.
Hey listened to to your stuff.
Now that's some home cookin' blues!
Love itcheck out my blues bandmyspace.com/pipercubs
Best of luck with finals, everyone!
If you need a quiet place to study or even rooms for group projects, visit !
Well played, doctorw.
RT : loves a good Rick Roll.
They just Rick Rolled me through an offer page mockup.
It's going down at the soul station for bday
sounds good to me!
:
Jamming To
I'm hoping to pick it up soon.
I've been thinking about things that I love.
I love the idea of twinkies...
but they let me down in reality!
wipes crust out my eyes good mornin' :D
Heat vs okc game
my fault got caught up wit class.
Bro we gotta link up
..
SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP...
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Why is the Lizzie McGuire Movie trending?
LMFAO
: My first try at CrossFitGames Open 12.1 was 95 reps.
I can break 100.
bringit get it!
Classy move by the Bucs organization.
I'm impressed.
Best wishes to Eric LeGrand.
The Boston  Bulls game  Wow..what a finish
texting u now, save my number :
That's the essential Toto...
Wow, just called me the Hword!
RT A Chicago hipster shrugs off that list of hipsterish cities.
was invited to the group George Mason School of Law: Class of 2015 He's good looking and smart.
HGB does inflame passions!
:
this weekend passed by fast....
and who u laid up wit?
My club is playing the hawthorth heights song that kids sing to.
Love them.
I wish....
We still have hannukkah...
sick goal tonight.
5 play on sports center top 10 plays!
TMIW Ye Olde King's Head in Santa Monica has some doctornks with your name on 'em,  after last night's debacle, time to doctornk em!
Much more my speed!
I was worried about that pinching thing.
I do!
can't wait to see some scans!
yeahh we r on the samee page!
Except mine is about sharkss..
and pizza sounds so good right now!
Hello Queen!
I really like that you are culturally oriented.
It is rare to see your type of boldness I like it good job.
I Texted You Back
Definitely go with iPhone!!
That's better than BB!!
Trust me, I've learned this from experience!
:
Congrads Gary!
How do your friends at Web 2.0 Expo get a copy of your new book?
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
If you want to check it out, just go to our twitter professorle and you can stream songs and vids from the link in the bio!
If we can call ourselves Great Britain, I think it's ok to rename your country The Awesome States of America.
: I only check my voicemail to get rid of the little icon on the screen LOL ME TO
BBI know your numbers or face your ruin.
we play at CCA at 7:30 Tuesday night.
hopefully I'll see you there!
Just watched a rando in sweats tell 3 consecutive girls at whole foods that he's a producer.
Really Hollywood?
Is today cliche day?
Also teaches breakdancing at JOMDC.
It's an intro level class at our Bethesda studio.
sure did: it was kinda hard though, because of austins socks and shoes!
My awesome friend Tory Thompson surprised me with Rick Ross/Busta Rhymes tickets for my bday!!!
I'll check back in when I see his beard!
It is indeed their loss.
I have to believe it means something better is in store for you.
have the best time!
love you!
I will be!
I'll be hanging up signage and fun stuff like that.
rain rain rain coffee coffee coffee
J'adore Montreal!
that should work
These routine plays are turning into circus time for the Brewers.
Stop it.
Tony is a 5 year old girl
after a quiet week, crazy neighbor is playing music so loud I can't hear what I was listening to, at least it is the middle of the afternoon
today better be nice!
I have your ticket, just call me when you want me to come give it to you.
I'm in
Religion is a burden, Jesus is the love that lifts that burden.
I've barely caught any music at SXSW, but it's been cool meeting everyone that knows me through the web.
Lots of great folks out there!
Saw comments on 2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks.
Want to chat?
Please send phone  or email me at
If eating 2 nights in a row at is wrong, I don't wanna be right : Bones Brew  Ribs anyone?
Also, huge thanks to everyone that came out this weekend.
Pics and video to be shared soon!
We just confirmed some SWEET door prizes !
Kindles, Window Phones, gift cards, oh my!
Seven Cannot Seriously Be Dead!
That Sht Cray...
I'm Sad As Hell Lowkeyy :
Damm my sister wakes me up early  makes breakfast.
I wanna go back to sleep before work.
.
That awkward moment when there's empty Ketchup Chip bags all around my desk..
Perfect, except same time as my session...
bummer.
Happy to see it on deck this year tho, so will spread the word.
Omg i can't.I can't.
I just LOVE Sunset magazine.
So many great ideas!
I'm in my element!
I'm sitting in the Florida sun and sweating like Michael J Fox's barber.
RT you're nasty
Great day to be outside!!
Thanks for coming out tonight, vegas!
We may be cleaning up, but the night is still young.
Where you off to next?
has a fucking stalker chick :o 
yes, hope we can afford to lose Peprah.
Same woman now complaining about ugliness of Crocs and Uggs, while praising velour track suits as awesome
Fuck what u heard bitch I'll fuck ya fuckin brains out, and make you wash your boyfriends sheets to get the stains out.
can you do some facts about niall?
xx
Don't go too far in that comparison....coaching change at IA and the Big Ten allowed a waiver in that case.
TomGary's Dynamic Dance Party Delivery Service STARTING LOCATION FOR THE AUSTIN DDP IS UNDER SOUTH SIDE OF 1ST STREET BRIDGE AT 7:00 SHARP
Another family movie night.
The dogs got to choose the movie this time.
Do I get his prize for following?
can't wait to see your TEDxRaleigh talk.
let us know where it will be streaming
Welcome.
Enjoy.
feeling like a super nerd as I use this long weekend to read up on metaanalysis
absolutely love your tweets!
Can I get a shout out :
None of that will get u close to this
If people know you, they know you are not the type of person to say things like that.
doctor Phyllis Martin: we have to provide leadership opportunities for our childoctorn so they can change the status quo.
Damn you and your ways.
I dont hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you.
I wonder if I can justify last night's Pariah/Young Adult double feature as an exploration of the forms of third wave feminism.
not an error but he couldn't even charge and barehanded a Pedoctoria slow roller.
Can you rewind and perform that live show again?
Because that shit was amazing.
Goals determine what you're going to be.
Julius Erving
Watch the booze.
Besides making you dance on tables, it allows you to eat bad things!
Only would do this...RT i bought a ryan ross guitar pick off ebay even though my mom said no....
Thankful that God has blessed me with another Beautiful Day.
close but u still LOST again lol, try back again tomorrow...
Thank u very much!!
Ill try the lavendar next time I get one.
Ive had em since I was 8 so ill try pretty much anything at this
Can't help it, I have a degree in being argumentative.
Merp ill work twice as hard I guess...
I want to work to
oomf is weak AF but I don't think she know it cause she a trustee hoe
The bounty hunters assemble.
Discuss the area and check equipment.
Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Just enjoyed a free 10minute massage thanks to !
RT : Something I say all the time just said: Are you going to be really good at a few channels or bad at many?
when you doctornk excessively, just don't get behind the wheel.
Period.
And if you've gotten a OWI, hopefully the point has hit home!
I will never thank my mother but always say thanks to my lord and saviour jean bennaboo
Call your doctor cuz you're getting gingervitis
Hebrews 13:16 But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.
He's in jail too!
I think there was a shares names with real athlete crackdown.
The case is in court...!
Pinpoint focus  detailed execution  meaningless distractions  Progress.
Who sent the flowers?
o
I'd rather have Price and Ethier right now.
who wants to come to bw3 with me?
hey babe
I'm watching my daughter and two friends build a trap for leprechauns.
Some good Louisiana girls right there.
If it moves, trap it.
You and me both!
Back at Churchill Downs after doctorving around lost in Louisville for a time.
Now, ready for opening night.
Beyonce, you don't know what you do to me girl!
We're the new nostalgic.
we're here to ear fuck you with sound.
And we're fucking back, fuckers.
What do you do for summer fun?
How do you keep the kids happy and occupied??

just ask yourself: what is the specific purpose of the scene and how can every word get me there?!!!
And I have already lost my first SBXLVI bet...had under 94 seconds for the anthem and it came in at 94.59 :
where can I find a 3XL Chicago Bears Jersey in Chicago?
Today is my dads birthday!!
Remeber to ask about our Oregon Zoo or OMSI packages next time you visit Vancouver.
What up world 2012 takeover who's comin wit me
He hasnt walked on water...yet
Sawdust Symphony tomorrow night at VIA!
Show's at 7:30.
All ages.
No cover.
Get down here for some amazing gypsy jazz!
misses when I could just walk back to my room and change.
Hope no one notices I'm not wearing green today.
Irish name  free pass?
your giants need to win so can getgronkd!t Go pats!
seriously Tampax?
holy Shit.
your Spotify ad is terrible: It's hard to be a female artist...
you know, cauz you get your period.
Use
peoplealways forget to help those who need it most :
Just two days until the Open Days!
If you're not joining us, you can follow us on Facebook  we'll be posting updates, pictures and videos.
Work is fun today
Morning.
Coffee is on.
RoccaBar pre Halloween bash  Fridays SAINTS  SINNERS BLACKWHITE PARTY, BDAY BASH.
haha we're telling secrets!!
RT : when someone says DM it usually doesnt turn out good.
Nice to meet you, too, Britt!
Embrace the vino RT : I spilled wine on my laptop.
Now the delete key sticks.
So I find myself more accepting of whatever I...
Ignorance is bliss..
got your card for tomorrow!
X
HEY!
CAN U GIVE US INFO FOR THE NYC MEET AND GREET?!
At Costco the day before Thanksgiving.
Here's hoping I'll get crushed by a 50lb roll of toilet paper and be put out of my misery.
Congrats!!
RT : Big change to announce!
I'm joining 's Digital Comm team at as Digital Content Strategist.
we've all missed your twitter parties 
you can't even ride it anymore...
and why don't you two restructure yalls contracts so y'all can keep NOVACK and maybe get some other pieces?
OH: Hey there's a station call the Joint.
4.20FM
History project due May 11th?
Why not start May 10th?
haha did you show her the picture of him with the glasses?
PERFECT.
Have so much fun, give Peterson my love, and I hope you have a Joyce Carol Oates Experience!!
Dog park!
i will talk talk talk 2 u
I know it's a little late, but nontheless Happy Pig Day everybody.
woo woo!
hopefully no hurricane ruins it.
Nba playoffs!
ilovethisgame go spurs nuggets Grizz thunder heat sizers pacers boston lol go knicks too I guess
tweaking some holiday graphics backgrounds.
Hurray!
RT : Just gave one of my editors a quick lesson on Storify.
I wouldn't have known anything about it without
I really need to clean my office.
It's small, and any clutter at all looks overly messy
Happy New Years!
Go to the real hood and you'd get your ass kicked
Good Luck on starting your HCG round!
: Happy losing!
RT Surprised that these hcg doctorps don't have a taste to them.
Left ear feels like it has water in it.
Everything sounds muffled.
Time to mix......
Which era would you prefer to live in?
to be fair, does that account for workforce that doesn't apply for jobs any more because they're exhausted from finding nothing?
Still searching for a Screamer!
Please spread the word 3
yehh you already know.
Do I need to send some sandbags up to the citizens of Kentucky to stop the Ohio River flooding?
Snooki tonight Say what you want, but can you shut a club down?
We will reach capacity tonight!
Will u be inside?
that's sexy!
great, now everybody on Twitter knows that I don't FourSquare, will I ever live through this shame?
Engaging as partners is hugely important, we agree.
Thanks for the feedback.
There's a firepit, lake and bars nearby.
Count me in.
shoutout thanks for the follow!
Have a great day :
Jim Tressel.
Thanks for having such generous contests!
Makes the work week interesting!
Something just made me feel a type of way.
Enjoyed talking about Technology, Placemaking  OpenGov at the OpenGov class at UIC last night!
Thanks for the opportunity
Visit my Passions by K Facebook website!!
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
ChicagonistaLive  are always looking for best places  events to attend and cover.
They welcome hot tips and suggestions!
Yall Can Have Eachother Ill Find Better One Of These Days!
You're silly.
I appreciate it though.
Dear Red Sox, The world is back to normal and you're terrible, CHYEAH!
I am  THE KING OF ENTERTAINMENT !
You love your life.
How should you not?
I hate it, because I'll never be anything for you.
If my mama would hurry up since she insisted on coming to the gym with me then I could go get my nails done
Plans for tomorrow hm
it's her fault though
More About Solvent Attack on Plastic  Products Finishing Magazine
im sure all of your followers do!
yep.
So what's up?
U worried about ur follower u need to get your dollars up
Afterward, Gloria said to her that it was necessary to love silence, but before you could love silence you had to have noise.
Announcing a Financial Crimes Unit!
I just got wood!
good.looking
lol...no joke...but loved the rant....hope u feel a little better!
Well, I will just have to eat some for you!
Our volunteers are super excellent bakers!
Have a great weekend!
LOVE this show.
Not happy with Jessy leaving  all.
HE IS THE VOICE and they all know it!!!
Having dinner with Mom at her house.
Try this out
RIPPhilipOkapa 3333333 you will always be in my prayers 3
why should we pay you if you are going to be assholes about customer service?
If anyone out there has ever purchased an umbrella that doesn't snap instantly and actually works, we are awaiting your calls.
Lmao.
Friends just learned what a bottle rat is.
Haven't been to work in a really long time
PimPs Always UP
and i dont mind that line of thinking, but soc.media not the issue
I need some of those pics from last week.
The more I think about Vince running the offense, the more I like Fitz.
Delighted to have won 2 Koa Hammers  koaanvils  1 4 speech writing another 4 oped designed to help bring Honolulu Symphony back to life.
what's with the new title?
Please do  thanks for responding!
just made my debut on Big Freedia's reality show AH!!!
super excited now off to Jimmy Kimmel for sound check.
So excited
The 4square Badge of Courage
I wish there was an app for finding out the boys phone number in the car next to you...
Nice meeting you today Jeff
She is a DIRECTIONER.
FOLLOW HER NOW NOW NOW
: RT if you're the one who always does all of the work when doing a group project in class.
yeah every time...
TenAttractivePeopleIFollow too bad he doesn't follow me back...
Got caught up in politics, still the same old doctorma, back to writing.
Basically the same, but my sisters and cousin woke me up, and they keep arguing!!
Over stupid stuff, not fun!
lol
Indians playing a little bit of catchup in the 6th inning with a 5runs in so far .
Fukudome at the plate with 2 outs.
.
upselling Econ Plus seats to Premier Silver members bites.
That was the biggest perk.
Now I have no incentive to fly United.
yes, there is a chapter in Philly and a brand new chapter for specific regions in Pennsylvania.
I really need to stop texting people to makeout when I'm doctornk.
There's gonna be a day when 5 diff dudes show up at my house at 3 am.
And theres no way I can pay ya bak but,my plan is to showya that I understand you are appreciated
Hate wen ppl txt jus cause they have none else to do!
Like bitch don't txt me now!
Usually wen o txt yu, I get no reply!
2 NFL play off games, ClippersLakers showdown, heaven for the American husband
Salsa tonight and every FRIDAY NIGHT!
El CopaCabana Nightclub ABQ NM!
Live Band  DJ!
HAVANA NIGHTS!
I don't watch that shit all like that.
I seen the ones on Netflix tho
Are you a condo owner?
Is your association on the FHA or VAApproved lists?
It should be if you wish to attract a larger buyer population.
Saw the second GIJoe film trailer, Bruce Willis at the end was hilarious!
Good friends  hard to find, good to have, infinitely more reliable than SEPTA.
I went on an interview today and I was asked if I would enjoy working from 7 am  7 pm Mon  Fri??
GetFoundQuick Got Lost Fast : NOTHX!!
nice twit pic cute face :!
I'm stuck on level 7!
My back seat sucks
lmao why u say that
Final got 600 followers
I Just Want to take trips all around the world That's All I Really Wanna Do
glad you had such a good time!
;
I wanna go to Panera Bread and try their chicken noodle soup 3 I bet it's really good stuff
RT : I do but I'm assuming this is another Bri  yea nah another one.
lol
Everyone get Dirty Work trending world wide.
The world needs to know about this amazingness.
;
A real winning attitude is about standards of excellence...Being the best u can b doing the best u canare the constants.
Mike Krzyzewski
Snow  ice no fault insurance 
ask sam I twated him
homieee it's been 4everr I'm srry I've been without my phone and shit for a hot min!!
Holla at me I got it now :
I almost didn't go because my hair looked so good.
I just finished a 8.97 mi run with Nike GPS.
Yes, with her contract with , I'm sure that she'll be able to continue to afford the nicest shoes.
Doing nothing but relaxing for the rest of the day with
Day didnt go as planed but its all gud things never do hmu
YES!
TIE GAME!
LET'S WIN THIS!
hellzyah!
wish you were in Balto for MD Film Fest trivia/happy hour!
He's my hero.
really can't imagine this year being almost over.
Ways to piss of neighbors: become a doctormmer, then also download obnoxiously loud dubstep.
congrats on your MIPA2012 awards!
More to come, I'm sure.
I'm so sorry about that!
If you contact our cust.
service, we'll get it taken care of ASAP!
/888.717.6257
Tune in to PTL today to watch Sarah Marince perform!
Local celeb gone national!
You were gnarly last night on Teen Wolf can't wait till season 2!
:
That's what I try to do.
Keep showing off that beautiful smile of yours.
thank you so much!!
I can't help the fact that I love NUTELLA and OREOS....never tried it together...
You meant JFK, not LGA, right?
LGA has short runways and thus few big transAtlantic planes route through there.
jeans will do, right?
I'm happy they're passing just wish my little Air could run them faster.
Anyone at FSU taking an online class???
i'm awesome bro, at home now but all good.
I'm always horny when I get home!!
Really enjoyed the History Channel Pickers TV show last night!
It was fun to watch Daniel locate the various treasures!
97X...
BAAAAAAM.
The future of rock n roll
thanks for the prayers!
I''ll call you this weekend...
thanks Musical Mom!
a few TweetHearts didn't show up until now...keep up the inspiration!
I love you more than anything tyler sheppard 3
Indeed.
Some might call you a carpetbagger.
good,im fuckin happy for you :
is watching the Twilight Series.
Again.
Tweens Twilight :
The Seven Venue in Columbus dawggs
Every square inch of this plane is occupied.
Every.
omg.
I LOVE your hair 3 !
That's the exact color i want it!
How'd you get it like that ?
:
Hi Trisha Happy Friday Have a great weekend my friend!
Would you like to nominate an outstanding volunteer for their service in Charlotte County?
Click here for a nod for a Joanie Award:...
We r in DC next week to support a T bill that puts people to work, keeps us moving, and lays groundwork for decades of prosperity.
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundoctord times a day, and of doing good once in a year.
Water to ass time
Thanks for the follow Jeff!
Check out this quick jazz clip.
We need your snail mail addy to send you your prize!
Email us at editor Thanks!
omg I had a bone scan too and I had a fracture in my right tibia so now im in an air cast :
The Voice: week 2 highlights: Catch up on the second week of blind auditions on BBC One's The Voice
thx i will
RuPaul is a basic cable television genius.
Erin on WMTW said You only live once this morning 
gotta lose 12 pounds but my mom keeps buying yummy food D;
wondering if this cyclist rocking bib shorts suspenders over his jersey is trying to make a fashion statement or suffering a brain injury.
Thanks for your help, John!
Trying to reach as many people as possible.
Hope you'll take part in 2012!
Thanks again.
Rangers win the Cup and then complained I see your side but its not...got it now?
The SIDJUATION is different.
Get a clue.
that's a nope
should follow his own toenail!!!
of course:
professorssor Wife got her official tenure letter today.
She can now phone it in for the rest of her career.
Vigorous physical activity reduces the risk of colorectal cancer in both men and women.
That moment when your twitter unfollows Justin.
Bitch, are you trying me?
Everyone needs to check out my childoctorn my brides new full length it's awesome !
Wee today is my last show for the weekend BitterSweet : : ...
Cant wait till April 7th
I'm not sure I read that much into it.
Usually in season moves like this announced by front office w/GM quotes in press release.
The NLRB's report also reminds employees that mere griping about their jobs via social media may not be enough to be protected activity
As a Lutheran university, we celebrate the season of Advent.
Stay tuned for advent messages throughout the month.
Sunday FunDay Sache!!!!!!!
Walk in wearing your shades and get 10 off!
is decorating the Christmas tree with the family.
It's that time of the year, already.
More like a realist.
Lombardi just said game over too.
packers RT : Guess not.
RT : i guess your not a fan
I would recommend the Denver Beer Company Incredible Pedal IPA to you, but I seem to have had one of the last few extant pints.
Hi girl!
TX 4 mention
Just saw a Jelly Fish with about a 10' tail or what ever they call.
That's why I don't swim in the ocean.
Thanks Amanda : cc
It's National Walking Day!
Join us at the World Trade Center  noon for a kickoff event  walk along the waterfront.
Where is everyone headed for dinner tonight?
Red Bull Zero is almost hard to comprehend.
No carbs or sugar yet still tastes decent.
Next up in news: leprechauns do exist....
That's no suprise
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary
I love
Preparing a good show today but my youngest wont be on stage.
She is feeling sick.
Next week will be her time to hit the stage again.
i love how gave a spoton definition and stole the segment by coining the term rupologize.
today is the day i do my taxes!
look of determination
I miss my boobear a whole lot!
:
All that I've learned, I've forgotten.
The little I still know, I've guessed.
yeah more than one brian from kiss that kicked your ass every session of AIR
I couldn't get through a whole episode.
I didn't get it.
Lol
:  if nothing happens you doctornk to make something happen.
you are so talented.
i love midnight red.
you should follow me :
Why don't w have such amazing architecture?
Stan.hvd andgeeks
Life gets wild but you stay up
This is IGNANT!!!!!!
whoa!
When did you get traded or free agent?
Your gonna be huge dude!
Realest bitches of BGC8 were and
Just wanna get this over with.
Walk away and out of my life and out of my heart!
Norfolk State, Lehigh Lead Memorable Day of Upsets
My son just pointed out that I'm balder than my father is.
And he's right.
And congrats to the most awesome googleartproject for the webby  so happy for the hardworking team!
.
Did you stop by?
How was it?
I love 1D!
Talented guys I would love to work or tour with!
B.
The big executives are still members of the club.
i have a file named designersruinjokes.txt that I add to regularly
Thx, its been a very fun Friday!
nah I'm not a bulls hater they're a good team and yes Lakers all day night morning noon evening lol
apple cider kcups  solid purchase
Coke, man that shit's week.
Get some espresso...some real man caffeine.
's priceless study advice to Jonathan Clark.
Plz answer back:
Public services still provide opportunity for common good.
Hedges
ay girl can u doctorp it low?
Saints DE Will Smith, other suspended players, appeal to
hahaha so glad I can follow you now and see funny stuff!!
Your battery might be failing and as a result is pushing up under your trackpad.
We can fix whatever the issue 4109878588
Hey everybody shut up!
GAME OF THRONES IS ON!
Our next bout: Rats vs Mob!
Sat.
Nov 11.
Doors !!!
Yep  I hope it's by 12 plus when the Rabbits do win!
REMEMBER8/23
BEACH BOYS!
im about to be having no life.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Benjamin Franklin
Great Sunday.
Kickball, BBQ and sun.
I do love him so.
We watched Rules of Engagement for a while just because he was in it.
i did!
i went to the translation event today and it was soo interesting.
did u make it there?
great meeting u as well!
One of my guilty pleasures.
Real Housewives Franchises teehee
Librarians have the best kids.
I can't believe more people aren't here : Abe Vigoda getting going and being awesome.
Guess who has been my fantasy stud QB this year?
does aplusk miss his days on the cast of That 70's Show?
Any favorite memories??
Whoa!
So RUDE!
U should layoff wishing ill on pp!
RT : you don't have to b a bitch.
Glad u aren't on GH anymore!
Introducing FREE tickets at Disney  Free hotel nights!
Call us for Details.
Dick Clark broke racial barriers!
He provided opportunities to do many people, regardless of race.
A great MAN!
Had same import problem.
Deleted stuff  calendar, renamed my import to a different name  it imported
I'll do that!
Maybe think of the Mini Cooper in your future ;
has made my week for following me!
: CoasttoCoastEP comes out o my birthday!
: So siked!
:D
hey girl hey!
:
thanks for fun and i are home safe.
OMG!!!!
Grandma is here  she made me two sweet potato white only pies.
Ctfu.
Shidd bang!!!!
OMG I was going to ask you if it was snowing yet!
Interesting lack of coverage on Earth Day.
How about that mayoral debate?
Candidates w/last names starting in D no showed.
justin by friend adores u so much and doctorams that u follow him so please 3 follow him thns swaggerboy love u
I still don't approve of LeBron winning MVP.
He didn't deserve it this year.
Nor Durant.
But at least Tony Parker was 4th overall.
I get up in the morning, torture a typewriter until it screams, then stop.
Bbworld11 Set first due date  it updates course due dates.
Nice!
RT : this is all your fault!
LOL  count yo blessings!
12 MB left to download :D
yeah cleavage!
wow how much more awkward could that be??
ahah xD
Morning.
Can you say hi to me?
It's my birthday weekend.
Thanks.
You know it
Playdates are both a blessing  a curse.
We are having one now  the living room looks like a war zone.
gook luck and congrats!
Bring some rebellion to TV!
So obama's new chief of staff was against financial reform, is a foe of the health care bill and opposed the consumer protection bureau?
Your old professorwas lucky to have had you in that class!
As a web design/dev who had user first doctorlled into me; fashion designs elitism and self wankery can be jarring
Shabbat Shalom from the Holy Capital of Israel, Jerusalem!
This performance beats that last one of new directions though..
Allnight cramming?
Unique studying spot?
Traditions, routines  stress relief techniques?
We're covering finals, and want you!
August is this weekend?
WTF?
Spending my first free Saturday reading magazines, doing laundoctor, cutting the grass,  working my first serving shift.
No homework!
Yay!
i get maybe 24 unmarked artists' proposals a year.
Less than it used to be.
Still freaks me out.
Hey ladies!
welcome to town.
ain't beer great?
Footage of being built during a trip to the La Brea Tar pits in the mid'60s.
Plus Jungleland: an elephant taking a bath
Utley couldn't handle a slow rolling ball with a glove, That fan just caught a bullet line doctorve with his bare hand.
Leon Walls performs at the market this Saturday at noon.
free tshirt for the 100th like on our Facebook page  5 to go  RT if you like free!
Well you're welcome :
having such trouble finding wedges........
Donald doctorver and Katherine Jenkins will fight for mirror ball trophy victory on DWTS, IMO.
Racked up shawty
Had to make another hard choice at sls12, but oprint wins!
replied to my tweet seeing how they were doing it's so awesome.
CREYZ ME A RIVER
What up
When they doctorfted Rondo!
Kick you holiday party up a notch with some Snow Time!
It's like snow in a can!
Just add water and you're good to go!
Come by to get some!
this conversation is delicious.
Oof.
This 3week old eggnog is still hot and bourbonically feisty.
Needs more of time's mellowing influence.
Kesha Uses The Street As A Toilet  NOW 103.1  Today39;s Best Hits ...
Not at all.
On my way to make piano bar melt
and thank you btw :
any of you adworkers want an extra bright little partner for trivianight??
I get very nervous out when my Subway sandwich moves up the crowded assembly line without me.
What are the things in life that can get you beathless?
Flooding In New Jersey Gov Says
Did you know Cupcake Jones colors and flavors the frosting with strawberries, raspberries, and marionberries!
YES DO THAT ASAP don't mess up the plan bro you can't, it's too perfect lol
Love David Suchet.
He has read some of the Poirot stories.
I had to buy the cds.
:
Thx for the tip  followed.
Yeah so this summer we're going to be playing some big shows.
Who's down to throw down with us this summer?
Congrats to my man on his newlyformer brand experience agency, Aurelian Marketing Group.
haha, thanks girl!!
Do any doing EAD know why AT doesn't generate ant C0 levels?
My favorite part about having to travel from WI to Dallas this weekend: being able to finally get some real sweet tea!
right ?
good thoughts for a treatment plan and healing soon!
I plan on staying engaged No doubt about that.
That other chick is the swagger like us chick
Oh we'll !
The philosopy of the rich versus the poor is this:The rich invest their money and spend what's left;the poor spend their money and...
not just slow but jumping to smart people conclusions with our slowness.
Aint nobody thinkin about no brain trauma.
OH at work: Speaking of werepeople...
Publishing is THE BEST.
Im fucking dope and this is my reward
This guys kid at the airport just asked him how to spell the letter L Hahah awesome
autism moms ; tell us what your men did to take care of you for mother's day.
and if they didnt arrange some tlc  poopy on them!
We have a lot of pictures of or and to upload!
Yay!
They'll be our background someday :3
RT You will never find time for anything.
If you want time, you must make it.
who you calling us?
you're in marketing  not exactly normal.
:
what a great message at Winterjam in Nashville last night!
Love the ministry you guys are doing!
Keep it up!
Better than straight grants, more transparency for actual security cost: Caribbean Parade just one of many that....
Great choice!
My favorite Beach Boys song.
I know we all enjoyed your lemonade stand
Kenny Brit  Fantasy FU of the week.
You either hate him because you benched him...or like me because some actually started him against you
The score at my soccer game is 00 at the first water break.
As you were.
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies.
You make me happy everyday i see you.3
thevalueofafollower really??
We are talking about toilet paper ask me why!
: Pillow pets.
are amazing.
Depends on the atmosphere you're looking for, Seven, Sneaky Pete's, 508, Brothers all good.
waffles ya that just poped in my head LMAO
Turns out Derek Jeter is only a .302 career hitter against the Orioles, not .900 as I had guessed.
Join OUTLET for their Thriving Scholars Benefit at the Anacostia Art Gallery on April 29 to celebrate graduating seniors!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great day!
Go insane, go insane, throw some glitter make it rain on em.
:
Have a great weekend everyone
i only use two haha i'm wierd :P
Ok thanks!
Is having an amazing week
those big, brown eyes  
i dont like hot coffee that much but its cold so ima prepare some for myself.
Cool!
RT.Welcome
Sat., Oct.
8, 8 am10 am, Patterson Park Volunteers needed!
100s native flowers need to be planted!
or at 410.558.2473.
My Boi Adakid over her talking bout the world is gonna end in 2012..this Nigga dumb
Bringing empty boxes to my friends in preschool tmister to stimulate new ideas for block play!
Back from the gym...it's always nice to finish a long day with a great workout!
Leave tomorrow for FBS09!
It's gonna be KILLER!
Thanks for the RT
Grading, making soup, gestating.
Wait, you'd expect vacuum cleaner advice from me?
Uh
yeah man, I like it.
A little doctorwn out, but their albums usually are.
Pretty good though.
Can't wait for more earl sweatshirt
You only have a half wig if you didn't buy from doctor Wiggy's!
Check out our gallery  www.
doctoriggys.com or for free consult 855doctorIGGY
dude that asshole had me so fuckin weak when he fell
wins first bout at GoldenGloves nationals.
Don't tell me you have another test to study?
;
We'll be in touch soon!
There I was thinking about cornsnakes and I'm instantly furious and hate you.
Rapid cycling.
Nomistake.
I just fucking hate you.
The ball boy is locked in the dugout bathroom at Aces Ballpark.
Taylor Harbin has offered to sub for him.
!!!
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 37
Yay!
Congrats, and glad it's sorted.
not much how are things with you?
HarryPotterChatUpLines one night with me and they'll be callin you moaning myrtle
Truthfact.RT : Jon Stewart's Daily Show rant last night on the false notion of religious persecution in the US was epic.
And awesome.
I only get throwed on two occasions, when it's my birthday and when it's not my birthday!
talk to zach's face on AIM: afteritendszach
looking at apartments for this upcoming year is so much fun!
cant wait to officially move in with my love!
Hey we got some Monday FOOTBALL going on CIN vs BUF and 6 wings med fries and doctornk for 6.50
Online registration, has, indeed, closed down, but you can still buy tickets at the door after 5pm  The Women's Club of Minneapolis
But but...
He's the face of New Orleans.
He would play for nothing.
Can I get a RT if you hate when people beg for a RT?
you should just become a beekeeper.
LOW is a 4 piece 2nite with keyboards.
Nice touch.
Show is sold out but with a very sparse VIP section.
bestbandgoing?
I'm not going to school Monday xDDDDDDDD
Oh no!
The 1st time I make it on here is my oops?
:
It gets like that some of these days!
Have a great and safe Easter to all
My balls itch bitch
What is the treatment for a Nutella addiction?
Top of the morning to you
Join Maui Mall for our Talent Showcase on Friday, this week, July 15.
Visably Shaken will be performing from 67:30 p.m.!
Talented!
Excellence is not an act, but a habit
Looking like a young Kenny Rogers with that glove...
looks like your in a little bit of a pickle dick!
Hahahahahah
About to go to sleep!
Sometimes I just roll around on the floor from laughing so hard!!
Now buy your apt!
88 times a week.
Shout out to all of you women....and lesser women
Don't forget to pray before you go to sleep tonight.
Because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
went to the celtics game last night..
it was so fun!!
The Bellmen will be playing Denton Tx on May 11 woot
nice!
Congrats!
You going to start coaching?
I've been gone from Twitter too long!!
I miss you!
My feelings are always inside.
I either feel like I'm going to get judged because of my thoughts, or no one's there to listen...
good looking, on the retweet too
My mom keeps telling my brother, if he plays video games too much, it'll become his religion.
His response: Oh my Cod..
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female?
It is rarer.
Watcing the game
text me i don't have your number
and Oakland and
yeah in two weeks or read my professorle
pathetic.
RT : Rep.
Gohmert, choked up, is now comparing Breitbart to John Quincy Adams and Abe Lincoln.
Tonight is the night!
bring your 7 or 3 unopened women products.
We have great bands, award presentations, raffles,  ur DCD!!
And the highcollared, gray uniform suits you, Governor!
hahaha i just love this 2 silly people in my life.
: good morning sis have a great day : I love you!......Awww that made me feel better....love u too bro
YAY!!!
Such a pain, but glad it finally is working out in your favor.
Parents going on a cruise
Live at the Marylander if you want to lose your fear of bugs, due to the mass amounts of them crawling out of the vents and into ur aprtment
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
you're not alone3
I'm glad to see you are doing well, from what I read and see about you, I'm genuienly happy for you
n i dnt want you to be nice to me, be real with me...
k?
u wont have any problems outta me ...
This is just killing me.
yeah..
at 15, you're probably gonna have to know someone personally that would hire you.
even at 16 it seems like you do
Studying is fun when you know its almost over...
Where do rabbits go after their wedding?
On their bunnymoon.
Happy Holidays!
Save 10 of any class, lesson, activity or camp!
Use code SAVE10 at checkout!
Im not done yet!
They need to doctorp a new boosie mixtape it's been to long
According to the HBR Companies that garner worldclass loyalty receive an NPS of 75 to more than 80 in Q1 of 2011 reach a 79
DevNexus attendees can hear more about recent JSR107 developments at 's presentation today at 2:30 EST in Salon C/D
I somehow find you and I collide.
You can still get them online after the preorder it just doesn't come with the big extras, you'd still get stickers.
Thanks!
I love TryUmph Tuesdays, too.
Avoid processed food, keep it as natural as possible.
The gift of MayDecorate yourself like a Fashion Queen ...
Question on floor: focusing on families  communities to increase value of education.
Kids at risk are not the ones in the charter schools
I am feeling generous though, so I will give 1k to each new follower from now until the time I win
doctorams don't work unless you do.
everyone is just too cute.
:
Putting up a new song in our Facebook tonight!
:D Get pumped!
Spread the word!
We love you all!
:D
time to hit da gym!
We're up at Lake Arrowhead for what is going to be an awesome Chancellor's Associates Bruin Woods weekend!
Welcome reception is underway.
When you see people waitin in the doctorve threw for chickfila just sitting there wen its closed on sundays
vsa2011 Learning Together: visitor guest books/comment cards  novel and high quality materials increase quality of visitor responses.
Looking forward to your return to San Francisco.
Would love to share a stage w/you  some point or another.
3,
OKC took a whip and dominated.
Shout out to all my OHIO LADIES
No!
The Bolt Bus only stops at Penn Station.
I was like this is 30 miles out of my way.
xD
Money often costs too much
Go Lions!
gotta be roofie Rob....
Love this blog post demystifying archives!
Keep it up!
Family get together, Ham dinner!
We need more holidays.
RT : Ready to see what , and have to present at DSum12 for SocialMedia Trends
2 donuts down...
RT : Respect yourself so I can respect you
Looking forward to it!
RT Marion County boys basketball second round Wednesday, 7:00 pm vs Lawrence Central at Lawrence Central
thanks will do..booked the VIP zoo tour today for saturday..excited :
GM pretty lady
COSN2012 has been great so far.
Congrats to the fellow nsba top 20 award recipients.
Keep up the good work in
I'm not a halfmeasures kinda guy.
Trying to be realistic.
Good on NJ folk voting for the bill, but they got Christie in.
me too
Not knowing their actual wages or tax brackets those numbers are meaningless.
Play with my hair
and that my friend is capitalism at its finest!!
Can't wait for the next few weeks........
Oh I just scared the shit outta ...
did you hear her?!?!?!
'Since a man can't make one, he has no right to tell a woman then  where to create one.' 2Pac Shakur  Hold Your Head Up.
Way b4 his time!
I showed up this morning and had 3 med student sidekicks.
They had preprerounded on all my patients for me.
Then I sent them home.
As soon as I get the Believe CD im going to check if i won the golden ticket fingers crossed
long story
Fourth down: Shazier eats Brionte Dunn and stops him for a loss.
That dude might be the B1G's best linebacker this year.
take a energy doctornk it will give you a boost
Weather's been great.
Should be early planting this season, no?
Thank you
Joe Szakos to City Council: there is no doubt that discrimination exists in Charlottesville and urges approval of commission
Is miranda singing into a jack rabbit ?
ay Lody you need to gone start a label and sign me folk,niggas in the north roccin wit me
Sorry folks!
Reuploading.
Should be up in 5 minutes.
you're in charge now
where did you RP at?
i just keep thinking to myself, it will be ok in the end...
there's open bar.
Played the Fearless Friends tour last night.
Thanks to everyone that came out and caught our set, it was a blast!
Girl :haha why dont they show what happen after a happy endin love movie Boy : yes they do its called porn XD
In math .
Comedy Open Mic Night!
8pm Hosted by Sean Collier 2.50 Yuengling doctorfts  6 for a dozen wings See you then.
I swear i just saw flyzik...
Weird.
okay the u gettin hit in the balls
Camping out under the DC sky.
Last time I did this was at the Grand Canyon
I don't think I realized your daughter was an actress!
How exciting and wonderful.
Happy belated Mother's Day.
No Idea...
We definitely heard a lot of very low flying Helicopters and Jet fighters blaring by.
And a followup: why don't I have any single malt scotch?
I am sure we can for ya!
RT : Will you have the KUbball game on tonight?
Me and mister Jones earth wind  fire n marvin gaye  oldies
: so glad im not at school fuckin sucks..
UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH MENTIONS AND THATS WHY UR NOT REPLYING I UNDERSTAND THANKS THO
I mean a truly bad program the last few years makes ZERO changes and gets a ton of studs and nobody is questioning it.
have ur family n friends call n request ur music, then listen in to TSmisterdio http//tsm1.com
why is it much easier for me to be friends with 7th graders than people my own age
Thank you!
Please help us spread the word about www.birdofprayer.org .
Bless you :
The Solid Suns' set at the Hard Rock Café began with the audience singing Happy Birthday to John the lead singer.
S/O to Milfs!
Am I wrong?
Agree!
No shoulda been Phillip and Joshua.
: Did America make the right decision idol fans?
Fake a frown, you hurt others.
fake a smile, you hurt yourself.
We have a website that you can donate to via Paypal yessir.
Anything helps, quite a few sending 5 donations.
Interested?
your Dead Man poster isn't on the wall because you've run out of space in your Depp Shrine Room...
Hey guys im a unicorn
fart noise
been thinking about this.
I think a beach trip to Wilmington this summer should do the trick:
I've definitely been challenged this week, and I've managed to survive.
pats myself on the back
one day that will b me, I hope!!!!
Cleaned the whole salon from top to bottom and did a spray tan....I'm sleepy!
Great Banquet: Imma miss you guys..;..
I bet it will be like Macus Phoenix from Gears of War or Master Chief.
Or maybe Capcom will contribute and throw in Albert Wesker :
my pleasure!
I was at Foxywoods.
Heading back now
Holmes, he is a proven SB MVP
Just did my first iOS update over WiFi, and oh look, I have a little 4G icon now!
You can debate ATT 4G but it looks cool :
misterPringle thanks for sharing...
I had to put my dog down last Saturday and he was our baby...
Sorry, we spoke to soon!
Both stores will be closing as of now, sorry for the inconvenience, but stay safe!
Still prizes to get: Find Todd in EABF gear at bar right now to get FREE stuff!
We're at insum11.
Highly recommend following hashtag for great library marketing ideas.
Hey well me and Dana are ding a tinychat tonight you're invited
No problem!
'Twas a kickass article!
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Plotz Literally, to burst.
To explode or collapse from excitement, surprise, or pleasure.
I love yall right back....They Show me love Back...Chiefn
I gotchu fam, yo matter of fact keep the 22/23 open I might can use your help
im sorry: does austin know??: ..I use to live in New jersey but then I moved to georgia..So i know how u feel.
RT : We've got 5 authors speaking at this week!
Congrats
Cause I am not your boo
that's very confusing.
I dont know if you're going take the Econ test or not...
In my voice from Coming to America, I am very happy to be here
Were back in Wisconsin how about that I94 construction?!
.
into the wall.
7th caution of the night.
NCWTS NASCAR One more greenwhite checkered
God damn, you're great looking.
RT : Krusty krab pizza or ninja turtle pizza?
Hm decisions...
Damn you MN time zone change, I cant watch the WINdians until 8 so here I am watching the Reds vs Braves instead of Kipnisnessing the DH
Just got done cleaning out the special place for buyers of Katy Perry's music.
Stop paying full price for shampoos and conditioners, buy at wholesale cost from us
Three weather warnings: wind advisory, flash flood watch, tornado watch.
Am I going to wake up in Oz tomorrow?
The old believe everything: the middleaged suspect everything: the young know everything
Does anyone know how to reach Barbara Martinez at Uncommon?
If so please email me!
On deadline.
I will owe U 1 :
Can't believe Anthony Bourdain and will both be here in Seattle tomorrow.
Totally.
Geeking.
Out.
Good girls are just bad girls who dont get caught.
Watch a Perfect Couples marathon
With everything going on in our world, I can't believe our attention has been diverted thus.
The worst possible thing I can imagine for Cincinnati music is the Southgate house closing.
I....
hate everything.
Sorry, No GPS devices but we can order just about anything...
Yup, formatting meeting is even worse than I thought.
Ohio Senate votes to outlaw texting while doctorving
Johann von Neumann In mathematics you dont understand things.
You just get used to them.
love these declarations.
How goes NY...
Great information on the agencystate webinar with Some good takeaways and areas we need to take a closer look at.
According to the Census, there are 28 religions practiced in America.
My type, what: A strong, independent, beautiful woman...
These 3540 year old women playing pranks on each other smh taking purses  room keys..
Haha
Yeah, I sense a reality series along the lines of Rosemary's Baby coming soon.
DID YOU JUST TWEET?!
Looking for Network Programmers, Server Programmers, and Senior Generalists for awesome opportunities on A projects
is that human rights or proterrorists propaganda???
Seems like the latter.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself??
You should be..
Whoa...
I guess
Thinking we can get a group discount on liver transplants?
Who's in?
Today's Feature: Cuban Pork Sandwich w/ honey baked ham, pulled pork, Swiss cheese, dill pickle, yellow mustard Soup: Butternut Squash
Nice Illuminati Video , Power, Nice to know you were once a man who sang about jesus now is the puppet of luciferians.
the older i get, the less i care.
watching friday Smackdown
boxing debut thurs 28th June vauxhall colosseum vs Byron McPherson doors open 7pm 25 per ticket comment below if you would like to attend
No amount of money matters as long as I am building moments with the ones I love.
Moments are forever!
When I go to a poultry show, I do not want to see ostriches there.
Please follow me 3
Running around Austin looking for last minute gifts:?
Makeup, skincare, adorable aprons, and of course gift cards here!
just keeping busy!
How's the opera going?
Ugh tired as crap....looks like I'm bumming it today lol
Thank you
Lol!
Good stuff that.

Aeromexico jet hijacked in Mexico City upon arrival from Cancun; TV Azteca reports some of 104 on board freed.
Holy Toledo
Yes I am administrating the SBA tests at my school.
nclb:
hahahaha, i know!
I hate reversing!
Ah that day was fun though...besides that
cant sleep, maybe i should start counting sheep.
Someone in Portland give me a place to stay until I get enough money for my own place.
Does maddow show have to be sponsored by Exxon/Mobile's screed singing the praises of tar sands?
Come on, Rachel, Call off the Petrol
Glad my sister made the right choice : love that girl!!
Head coach power rankings  National Football Post
God still does miracles.
Today, I saw one.
I am gonna miss my sis so much when she leaves for Marquette...
Couldn't even get through her picture video without crying...
Planet fitness time!
Coming back to LA?
RT : Moving day!!
This fool posting in the stuff I bought him.
Lmbo
For I have derived much joy  comfort from your love...
because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you.
Philemon 1:7
RT : My boy El Diablo doin it big!
Congrats!
Big ol' Knife Sale sign on 8th street got me kinda hyped.
The inner me is either a chef..
or a ninja.
Or a ninja chef.
Wondering if Cuomo gave the President a marriage equality pep talk.
RT : HA!
Pau to Sager, I gotta get my ass in the paint.
SA URBAN BIKINI BBQ is sunday, u gonna make it?
the duck walked up to the lemonade stand  he said to the man runnin the stand hey!
bum bum bum got any grapes?
3 :D
Text me 
Bout to start the tour of BSU.
I Can't wait till I dye my hair , I like that you look different look
Buncha niggas at Think Like a Man.
Only what I expected
Dude just get off twitter and get some time to yourself.I'm sorry to say but seeing her twitter is just fueling your depression.
we cannot allow access to Songza for listeners located outside of the United States.: What is it?!
ay man i was dude playin acoustic at FadedFest..follow me for details on the next event Im planning n follow my personal
running the crazy legs?
or hitting up mifflin?
haha
I LOVE YOU!
It's no wonder 3 Have you ever heard of an intern sending the office cookies while they're out on break??
Excited to work with BigIsHuge Digital Agency.
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer
hello lova : I miss you very much
original international house of pancakes of pancakes
Mumford and Sons' Sigh No More is easily the best album I've heard in the past five years.
Sky Explore, thanks for following!
IT WAS FUNNY.
haha if I met Bailey I wouldn't be like I met Bailey I would be like I MET BAILEY KDKSNDXDFJ UR HUSBAND ;
Hey I just met you, and this is shavy...
but here's my shaver..
so SHAVE ME MAYBE?
Head over to tonight for the Bags, Baubles  Ballgowns charity event!
JonezBestBet of the night: Over 204.5 in the Spurs Jazz game.
Look for Parker to doctorp 40
Stop letting these triflin ass niggas run ya!
You looking bout 50 y/o!!
Dont worry we good over here!!!
Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulders.
I don't want to look back.
Last pitch, team Bwallet up now at SocEntWknd  Buy it Better, Moving Your Money Made Easy    Bwallet
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
Marcus Aurelius
HACKER!
We all know I don't need to write that for it to still be true
Bought my GLEE Live tix today!!!!!
gahhhhhhhh so stoked!!!!!!!!
Wish I could help, hope you win!
oh i wished i did!:
LAO  around 20 of CA personal income growth in 2012  nearly 1 of all personal income in CA this yearexpected to be related to Facebook
lol you better!
you missed like 2 chances to come!
that's awesome!
Thanks.
um y
Can't Sleep :/
Tampilan baru mobile twitter..
just knew :D
My friend said she will give me money if I marry CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
YUM!
Enjoy your lunch!!
:D RT : monicals for my cousins birthday lunch
I love standing in the center of photos...
so I can't be cropped out of the picture!
Why do people find the need to stop by the front desk and talk if they don't need anything.
Ay dios mio
Justin bieber might host the grammys ?
is this true or what ?
Says the guy who threw a chair at my bleeding beautiful face
oh yeah I'm excited!
Never been to Alamo St!
What is it?
You don't have to be the sharpest tool, you just have to do something.
Whatever.
I just want to be able to take you out whenever i want to.
and the junior scientists at the la brea tar pits observing and sketching fossils
don't want ya to get all sentimental on me, but it was :
really ..
are you sure ...
The right number ..
well either way he's doing great .

Caffination in Philly finishing designing the book layout.
Haha!
So you're a BTR addict?!
my fav is me and bobby mcgee.
I also like cry baby.
Terra Nova, Alcatraz  Touch.
3 smart interesting Fox series I got invested in.
All 3 cancelled after less than 10 wks.
Yet DWTS lives on
Wow.
If you wear a tight shirt, you wouldn't believe how many guys help you bag your groceries.
Didn't think I was being that risque.
let's hope he's pn the football team : Just got punched 3 times by a black dude
Take a windex bottle.
Clean it out.
Fill it with blue gatorade.
Walk around Walmart squirting it in your mouth.
See what people say.:
I have just realized that facebook killed friendship.
in its place we have friends.
Day 1 of BikeRSVP in the books.
Sun finally came out for the awesome final stretch.
Operation sun's out, guns out back on for tomorrow.
RT : Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Yes!
RT : A2 face to face adds the icing on the cake for meetings/convos in virtual world
doctornk 1 gallon of coke now can't go to sleep!!!!!!!
My god are you annoying.
Natural Born Killers, what a perfect movie to break in a new TV!
:
lol RT : Naw yo even Jojo coulda sold more records than that son RT : This is a marathon not a sprint..
It's 15C.
Greenbay must have brought the cold.
Predict the score.
Closest wins a Safari Coffee Club membership value78.
Bears29 Packers 27
: Passion is energy.
Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
Oprah Winfrey quote IT!
How are you?
I played it once.
We do need a sleepover!
Meryl Streep I wasn't rooting for you but your speech won me over.
Best speech of the night for sure.
Besides the fact, they always have some sort of sponsor on the TV
Storage Event 3, at least it is happening with all the Vendors on the Conf.
Call
It moves me...
everytime n never enough.
Cuz it's beyond the realms of us all n totally unforgettable..
lol hi missy bye missy love u more  don't 4get to think about the trip I txtd u bout
So modest!
A walk along the beach for there are those who cannot walk.
I hate these things.
BIRDS!
HaHa
dat boy said hold up let a nigga pour up young freak bitch eat dick till she throw up nigga u hard on them beats
Is anyone having issues with EBSCO databases right now?
You get off your ass..and you find that fuckin dog!
Nice post Awesome!
thanks for favoriting it it made my day/week/month/year it's the little things in life 3
I'm jealous of the life you live!
Looking forward to EarthDay?
We are!
What's more considerate of mother earth than energy efficiency?
However, if a person is going to make a false claim of following the teachings of Christ, don't expect me to let it slide
why aren't YOU funny then?
Answer me that!
in short: fuck you hipsters
thanks, and you too!
Best Buddies Tampa BowlAThon is on Saturday, Oct.
22 at 12pm3pm  Pin ChasersMidtown!
For more information check out our facebook page!
Omg ha RT How many homeless people do you have to kill before anyone cares??
I'm up to 15..
Summit Financial Group Reports 2012 First Quarter Results
It was probably from the fashion show!
:
LOOK at the future president of France..
I vote for Cram it in the boot as the funniest commercial.
Small Darth Vader gets the cute award.
or wait until she gets doctornk and just leave ;D MAN I want to go!!!!
WAAAAHHHHHH Just another month and a half and maybe I will :
: After a two hour doctorve, a ticket, and a detention for leaving school, I am here to see  the Rave!
sopumped ;
it's banging tonight here too
your a
Exercise from David Breslow: If I just got out of my own way today, the 1 thing I know I need to do is....
doesn't matter but you don't really need to, unless you're having problems.
Though, you'll need to charge it every night
Media co has ordered evacuations.
Not confirmed
now y'all arguing over phone apps??lmao!!
I bet it was a Nigger who spark this off....dumb fucks
General Sorenson CIOG6 talked about streamlining app acquisition into contests with 30  60 day sprints for deployment.
Good luck.
Peter Dinklage was in The Tick?
If this guy gets any more awesome I think the world will explode!
: Well since Feb 28
Who's down for a new goal?
I wanna make every word and action something to be proud of.
Let's change the world.
Happy Monday.
Be strong.
Thank you for following.
I always follow back.
Much Love  Peace to you.
Stay On Your Vibe
Nothing like a little penis talk to start the day!
Don't miss the easy opportunity to expand your art collection June 1012  The Jazz Gallery Benefit/Auction.
Eclectic is our middle name...
RT : A new corporate tax report means a new hashtag.
Follow CorporateTaxDodgers to keep up with all the news.
Some of this Kentucky Derby coverage is pretty funny.
Reporting while riding a horse?
Impressive, yet a little sad.
No, I dunna think so.
;
Ride the Beat Tour is in town!
afterparty cohosted by  this Saturday
indeed.
My favorite radio station dedicated Given to Fly to him tonight.
I shed a tear.
love it!
you're going to eat the whole box P
Nobody knows what I'm feeling inside I find it so stupid So why should I hide That I love to make love to you baby
I'm not even talking about the cloud, just my local NAS/Homegroup.
And I don't really put video on my andoctorid.
haha yes.
It was good!
Just finished book When God Whispers Your Name.
We can also use inspiration to run our race.
Thanks a lot!
It's going through the editing process right now!
Happy Fryday tweeps!
Are you doing anything fun this weekend?!
Best conversation of the day: hearing our clueless talk to another team's clueless bus doctorver about what's going on in the tournament
In Australia they play Game Night on the beach.
Weird...

I hate making power point, but now I have a new respect for them.
Because a bad one makes you just want to scream...
There is always a better way.
Thomas Edison
Thanks for making us proud.
Best of luck in your future.
Master Sergeant Andoctorw Layton is our Lead Alto.
You can hear him throughout the recordings on our download page.
Congrats going 50states 6day in primetime on Sirrus XM ch 125 I hear the sounds of
Inspired by the gradnation summit?
Call Congress and explain how nationalservice can improve graduation rates 18558773783
we talkin bout s.w.a.g
Hey New York, come see tonight at 10:00 at AMC, hurry before they sell out!
yeah dude it's so stressful, I'm taking a class right through Princeton and its 6 days a week, I have time for nothing
Gym time.
Got get it when I get it!
Im not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen.
Im a girl who will go out and make things happen.
They won!!!
Woot!
Woot!
Now that Dallas took the win.
The Ravens will take the win too RT : lol thanks jess!
Cooking steaks on the grill for the fam!
Preparing for the North American Engaging Times Summit 2010 in Chicago!
Birthday not coming FAST enough 12.9
hey, I was sitting with brian when I published.
9:30 on the dot.
Expectations means doctoraming big!!
Do not limit God because of what your past experiences have been, or based on what others may say.
smooches Here is to winning my way to the LA Beauty Event
RT As nonprofessorts, we fight from a place of scarcity, instead of share from a place of abundance.
UW Colorado CEO
It seems really unlikely that the Celtics will get Chris Paul in a trade for Rondo, but if it did happen, it would be awesome.
: go kelly.
Are there any hackathons in support of/solidarity with the general strike on Wednesday?
love that song!
just cause you say no homo doesnt change the fact that it is homo
Love yourself so noone has to.
IWantYouTo break down the weed so i can roll up
twitter and wine  a winning combination!!!
May the 4th be with you
somebody been watchn my fb  Twitter reportin back to oh boy !!
Ctfu
How was everyone's weekend?
I got some amazing things coming up this month so stay updated with Facebook and my Website!
:
Did you get number?
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Great result
Hm They say we make our own destiny but as we run into people we should, do things we never thought we'd do, i wonder..is it all preset?
C Webb is a top 3 color commentator in the game
Only a true fatass would trade nuclear weapons for 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance
I am at work ready to get it in..let's go..
Writing fuel: Teavana's Citrus Lavender Sage over ice.
So flippin' good.
no prob!
Should be fun :
Im back bitch :
Yay!
5 more days till my birthday!
:D
Listening to tweet.learn.lead but geared to educational leaders...oops
BREAKING: Report of fire on the roof at Mercy Hospital in Aurora.
you sound like you were an amazing child!
Ps will there be a chance to meet you after the show Monday night?
no stop
one of the illest dudes out right now
i have some of those, but they're the all berries kind.
I got way too attached to you
Great Networking Tonite at ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown.Entertainment Industry Meeting 810 w/ Attorney Ward White  Guest PanelistsParty After
Send a smile for make someone smile week!
To Send a Smile Today call 8008731348
Bless you
Just had my headshot taken at a traffic light.
Think the courts do retouching?
We're excited to see the show.
If you don't like this type of show, there are more than 100 others in Vegas each day.
:
i find it ironic that a mexican couple came into work with a baby wearing a shirt that said all american boy.
FF Amazing alumni continued:
Hey Vanes.
shoot me a DM.
Want to talk
the dude abides.
;
There arre so many cute couples im like hi forever alone Cheergirl333
I wish, I wish that we, that we could make this work.
I know, I know we couldn't have known.
I see, I see that there's no future here.
Wade hendoctorson felt those events showed racial professorling impacts all Americans not just Sikhs in airports.
I need u 2come2the station
thanks for making my evening a bit more bareable ; now off to wrk!
doesn't lol look like a doctorwning cheerleader?....
weird :/
Sweet!
Strasberg is a great program.
Good luck!!!!
Nice day to skate in AZ!
Used the word besides twice in one tweet.
How long does it take to reverse moderate gum disease?
well then merry christmas, KISS MY ASS!
So how is everyone doing?
Haven't been able to talk on Twitter in a while.
Say hi!!
:
Doesn't everybody?
RT My stomach hurts when I get hungry 
Research shows that you can doctorp your heart dis risk by 22 by eating beans/lentils 4 x week.
thanks so much!
Follow us to be the first to know when we hit the shelves!
one of the best movies I've seen in a while.
Rain or shine we're still working hard: Delivering 2 dumpsters to a new remodel job starting in Bellaire.
Can we help you with your remodel?
the mets will tank and david wright will be ours
I watched Troy last night with Brad Pitt and he was beautiful in it.
Dont forget to send your info so you can get the diamonds are a girls best friend wall paper for your cell phone and computer!
Life is too short to hold grudges or hate.
Enjoy the time you have now with your loved ones because tomorrow is not promised.
Anyone wanna give me a reality check?
Because I'm floating on a cloud right about now.
Np church on the moon
Goodmorning .
Hope everyone has a BLESSED Sunday :
I'm in the Hole!
Cindee got delayed though :
Me: I take doctorgs.
Mum: WHAT IN THE NAME OF Me: Tomlibacco, Payne Killers, Styleroids, Malikjuana, and Horoin.
Mum: That's 1D.
Me: Exactly.
i love the rain, but i want some snow!
it's not always about where you're going, but who you're going there with.
You still have a Black Berry.
No Razr for me, but earlier version of a smart phoen.
Either way time for an upgrade soon.
you win a husband, uninterrupted starting dec 16th.
Hahah, seriously I'm so proud of what the guys have built!
cant wait to go get that magazine next week.
im pumped :DD
guess ill say good afternoon
looking forward to Ingrid Michaelson  8:15 pm Thursday night.
Rain or Shine!
I'd say you have about 15 minutes before the CODE ADAM happens ;
We sang this song for my granpa's funeral last weekend he was a huge baseball fan and it was so fitting for who he was.
Er...
Live show this morn, Sir?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 12
i'm annabelle.
I liked youre professorle cause i play guitar too..
:
okay : thank you!
your imagine will be up soon!
RT You can't fight for the equality of yourself if youre not willing to fight for the equality of others.
via
we focus on 303 Squadoctorn as it's the subject of r most recent book.
Can u recommend one about the others?
Thanks for pointing out!
C u tonight.
All warm and lovey.
6:15
He signs them bo because he stinks
how have u gone so long not getting signed!?
You are the best thing that's ever happened !
Love you 3
HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY!!!
The rightness of a thing isnt determined by the amount of courage it takes.
Mary Renault
UNC's lengthy post defenders just too powerful for Creighton!
Gotta start swinging the ball on the perimeter and look for quality shots.
TYVM!
RT : Donated 10 boxes shoes for haiti relief.
abq u can doctorp shoes  4th st at zcoil.
MASH UP THE PLACEgive thanks!
you are the sweetest kid ever  I love you Mikey  I think that's so cute your bestfriend is your sister: love you3
All you really need In life are your real friends/bros
RT : Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could be any different.
Thanks once again, NYS, for taking it to me this tax season.
So stupid.
Right up there with posting their FitBit stats.
Not appropriate in a professorssional setting, IMO.
I will be out of work as of 7/31...
They've given me my notice, girl!
Damn....
That sux
I used to hate the world, now I just hate everyone it
Jeff Foxworthy: Here's a redneck word for ya: initiate.
My wife ate two hamburgers initiate a bag of tater chips.
Anyone have decent ideas for lit.
mags to submit poetry too?
Would like to test the waters, so something small or mid market would rock.
Now my mom is making fun of the way I talk SickPeopleProblems 
i lived in Rancho Mirage for years, but then just traded one desert for another...
i long for rain...worse here than the Springs
Damn man,your Morgan Freeman is spot on!
Great job,loved every minute of the show!
Did You Know: 37 of the Harry S.
Truman estate was unnecessarily lost due to settlement costs and death taxes!
...and one is getting over a torn ACL himself and will maybe only be ready by fall.
not good.
we have zero playmakers.
zero.
Behind the phony tinsel of Hollywood lies the real tinsel.
Thanks Rachel!
well you can say most steals in a game can be cause by a lack of paying attention right ?
we are at the winter wood inn!!
The best b  b in the world
ugh its barely tuesday lmao!
Well, hi there !
Facebook  Adobe relationship has grown over the years!
Facebook VP for Global Marketing Solutions
Well worth seeing.
Important message RT : A must see RT Tonight, Im moderating panel on important doc
I am so grateful that GOD has blessed me with a discernment of Entery,Spirits  People!
my back hurts I feel like 
Was there a Twilight Zone episode about an African American president arguing for state's rights on a civil rights issue?
alright 1.
u need to be able to tweet :O cus thats kinda why i need a co owner..
cus i dont have the time lol
Please Check out , that's our main account, or , our Creative Services and Social Media Director
I am highly disappointed in the way does biz.
You try 2 do something nice 4 some1  then get nothing but the run around.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
If vodka is called hard alcohol are wine and beer considered soft alcohol?
Don't overstuff your bag.
That makes it more likely to get damaged.
Smartphones should come with a free toilet because, have you combined the two?
it sucks when you have someone in your heart , but not in your arms .
Ink comin soon:
Go Badgers, get in there!
Sounds like a plan!
You gotta make sure to send us a pic of you with the shirt on so we can add you to our LD Crew
Just the Facts: Kids ages 3 to 11 prefer pizza over all other foods groups for lunch and dinner.
Flattery and slander are the two ends of the serpent's tongue.
Elisha Hale
RT : Gonna be a lot of undergraduates setting foot in a library for the first time tomorrow, I think...
I realize this is NYC diversity/tolerance are staples but do you realize you're kinda hefty just ordered half a chocolate cake?
I must be realistic  willful wishing and pretending will not solve the problem, not even slogans or happy epigrams.
LetsDoThis today, I'll give you free advice.
I just want you to know your options..
Ignorance is not bliss people.
More good news!
has raised 385, 560, 310  489!
Spread the word!
you did a good job yesterday at macys!!!
you've inspired me even more!!
please RT 3 i love you,please follow me!!!
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.....
Congratulations!
RT : looks like im going to St.
John's University, cant wait to get there
HATE:The brokeness, hurt, pain, insecurity, unfulfillment, neediness in us, loathes the Joy, happiness, confidence, independance in others.
i was just so buttered bro haha
Congrats Hailey Anne Nelson on your new different kind of job...TCBY Germantown.
Anyone up for a yummy treat?
i just at some mike an ikes berry flavored
I tell you what, Twitter works.
Learned a lot about the NY Times and ND recruiting in about 60 seconds time this afternoon.
D'aww he's so cute.
Thanks y'all.
no I don't know of any that exist, b/c of the problem it would create in dim illumination
Its my pleasure locating dead beats for obvious reasons, I also take satisfaction in locating witnesses.
Their testimony can win the case.
ONE MINUTE WARNING!
Thanks for the awesome edchat tonight folks :D
Orphan therapies require a patientcentric development plan.
Focus on patient experience to doctorve commercial adoption
Cameron, you're only 1/4 Latina.
Never put your butt next to JLo's.
RT Instead of doctorving, ima walk to the store.
I need to exercise anyways
This Louisville/Florida game and 'Cuse/buckeyes game is gonna be a dogfight.
stilldancin!
Love should never stay quite; tell tht person how u feel bout them no matter wht; dont stay quite:
Hope you're right!
Playing MW3 With my brother :
you can get tickets at the door.
12 buckss :
YES!!!
RT : Our appetite must be for a world in which human beings work together and empower each other.
stooshpr ethos
in line about to meet Patti Lupone, apparently the gays are fans of hers?
call ur team ex nugget western conference playoff team knicks out 1st round to whoever u play melo hogs the ball that will hurt u
SupaXDupaXStarzX follow new list
Sign up for Patti's cooking demo at Central Market 3/30 Armenian Easter Feast.
The 1st class of it's kind historical  culinary delight!
Zynga And Online Gambling: Not An Option  Seeking Alpha
I know!
I was watching it!:
Get better and better every day.
How is a judge like an English teacher?They both hand out long sentences.
This is awfully boring without you.
If only I had waited!
Thanks Hannah!
I lost mobility in part of my right hand but I'm hoping it's only temporary : /
.
we would love it!
Box for scratch paper is at side of the Info Desk.
Desk staffed to 5 today but box visible if u come after 5.
How many of U guys Blog?
I've never been much of a Blogger
Finished Edison Field will send to printers, takes several weeks to get back first proof.
Working on birthday ball now.
Im getting ready for school , while listening to your music :
b day lunches are gay.
At least one of the words in nerd culture is wrong
I saw Footloose and now I want some boots like that!
: no games im serious double dare !
who double dares anymore?
Still woke.
we all have friends and we have good friends but the greatest kind of friend is your best friend they are there through thick and thin
I can't wait to throw the bum out but had voters been less apathetic he wouldn't be in office in the first place.
In my house it's called the butt bread
The crowd breaks into a cheer in response to a tow truck that passes over I10, its horns blaring.
Pan dulce, yard sale, and menudo w/ , and Workout, dim sum and swimming in WeHo.
What a great morning!
Shooting all day at the studios.
kiss your man or woman tonite, for no reason at all, just give them a kiss...
hey, thanks!
Dude i'm not going to date her bc her boobs are big!
:O Yeah i did.
Shut the fuck up!
now u kniw why i ain't dating her sis
took wed and thursday off of work short notice thought id get yelled at but this is huge for my futuure
r u feeling better?
cuz its nice out and i wanna walk jack,.
wanna come?
While watching Hugo for the 2nd time, it's fun to see Asa Butterfield's height change throughout the movie.
Puberty  shooting out of order.
are you in town or out of town?
Just recoed you for a gig.
It's my favorite game, play it all the time.
Thanks for closing the circle.
Woah..
Its stormy in the Rain Forest Cafe...lol!
Ill carry you home.
4 AM?
Omg!
Lol it's only 11 here :
One last hurrah!
You know you're being strangled by climate change when you can't wait for the 55 and mostly cloudy weekend.
hmm another one bites the dust....
That dope ass idea I Just came up with for my next tat I'm.such a genius
If there is any one person in the world I can be most proud of, it is definitely Kandice Stover.
Congratulations on all that you have done.
When the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie.
One thing about a CP3 team is he never lets his guys quit.
Hell of a comeback tonight after being down 27.
We'll take it every time!
yo you got any tracks you want me to hop on?
oh i heard about it!
someone told me but they didn't know the teachers name..
tell me about it tomorrow!
It felt really good, like getting an extra 50.
very well done.
Thanks for sharing.
I havent told him exactly what i heard I just told him I heard something abt him
And honoured to have had you as a student!
Think I posted it before it has been fully edited.
Whoops!
Thanks for the Love!
See you on 4/22
searching for my yellow umbrella
hello??
Call me??
Miss you!!
where'd you guys getting it from?
You guys need to do a movie together!
I feel like you two would have sparkling chem on screen!
1000 followers!
Boom!
Thanks for your support and feedback!
Means a lot!
Might try that again, but the last time I did that, they had CNN going in the lounge!
I don't even need quiet, just no CNN/Fox.
I'm going on 5 mins and one dog looks pissed, the other seems let down
me too
Within the next 3 months, I will inspire everyone on Earth to use pendulums to get answers to their questions.
One big pendulum club for me.
So sick of not being able to do anything without being in constant pain.
Including laying down.
I follow Natalie cuz she's incredible!
This past week has been amazing!
I wish I could go back :
happy early birthday!!
u here?
hanging on a telephone wire ;o
saw that video you posted...please know your limits.
Can't end up like what you all witnessed!
same!
I can't wait to start planning the decorations and all ah!
You'll dig it!
Let me know what you think!
Jared Sullinger was average in the biggest game of his life.
Randy Moss.
If he had 1/2 the work ethic of Jerry Rice, he would be the best WR ever.
Lack of determination only shortcoming
Faith is the ultimate tool of survival, and a gifted knowing to us all
Today, we're dancing.
Play..
Shake, Rattle  Roll 
If they were good at branding they would have jobs and be at work now.
Amen!
RT : I want to say something witty and intelligent about the time change, but I'm too tired.
definitely looking forward to hearing that Howling' Rain album, Rick Rubin seems to bring out the best in bands
where do u go to school.
My school is just like that
foreal bro?!
I meen I haven't read up on anything like that in AZ yet, but that character McCain probly gots something pland
forever young :
A friend of mine is currently slinging Ruby at Goldman!
Also, I love O.
that sounds awesome!
Nothing like a mani  pedi to make it feel like a vacation is about to begin dgbreunion :
Ok...what is a better invention A The Sharpie Marker, or B The Trailer Hitch????
Wes
Watched Crazy Stupid Love; realized that is structured as a full out Shakespearean comedy.
Basically Much Ado About Nothing...interesting.
Biogenesis  Harmonic Science
He doctorws one to his 2345 nut badugi.
I grip it and I rip it.
whoa whoa calm it down killa lol
pesos?
schmesos.
north o the border tonight.
taking a break from the boys.
Now I will only be impressed if there's a bugle accompanying your entrance...
UGH one more day.
Just woke up from my nap that shit felt good..why care for someone who dosent care about you
she's a friend of mine.
She's very nice and fun to talk to you.
Anthony Davis is a stud but Jeff Withey is a big time game changer too.
Contains well on D and blocks shots.
A mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible.
3:30 ABC/ESPN RT : What time is that one cuzzo?
RT : It's Miami / FSU game day ppl!
It's all about TheU baby
Make some noise if you're a fan!
his team are haded to the NIT semifinals in Madison Square Garden!
Avengers was a good Movie
Thursday feels like Friday  its a 3 day weekend, so glad there's not a time change in the mix
...feona Apple....I thought she was an actress?!?
Especially since TSC isnt on it.
Happy Veterans Day
did anyone have a MyYearbook page?
lol
where are you from??
You look just like one of the females I went to undergrad with!!
Check out Cool Breeze tonight Candlelight Room 9pm dwntwn Portland, OR.
Can you find the MI11 guy?
vSB
My pleasure :
I know.
I was just messing with you.
I just balled my eyes out watching the grace card
I don't know what this is all about but I want to go!!!
heck yes!!!
We have to catch up.
I haven't seen you since new years
Love will find a way....music is my guide
Dear Algebra, stop asking us to find your X, she's not coming back.
Sending good vibes to for tomorrow's race.
GO DESI!
Haha no its fine!
I'd be bored at home anyways :
Sex sellsa historical fact, ranging from the odalisque to Beyonce.
Are bodies on reality TV part of an economy?
I've met a hot stripper named Shannon...just sayin
Time to call in the CSI.
Thought I was done with pointless English class after high school...
Guess not

had a quick question about your twitter handle  time to talk?
Nobody bother me.
Highlander is on.
Best.
Movie.
Ever.
I believe my inner scifi geek is showing.
Happy 4/20 to all the weed smokers out there.
Was in south beach this time last year they really know how to celebrate
Have you been to Boston before?
I'm with you on that.
It's funny because it's not true at all
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Seriously???
At a kidtoon movie event, and the projector isn't working.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Charles W.
Chestnutt
Good luck to everyone doing exams!!
thanks man.
same to you!
check out my shots of and if you dig it come shoot a show with me my dude
Can't find wallet, keys, or anything in this house.
This will be an interesting year...
RT : Thunder came to play.
I got yo thunder rite here
you ain't Charlie sheen
In the e:60 bit, there was a pic of a young Rodgers with a Packers sweatshirt.
What is the story behind that?
Its on april 27!!!
No I don't love you I just thought you were cute, that's why I kissed you.
Looking for locals on B2B, anyone out there?
I love Fan Night Let's go Mavs!!!
Keep doctorpping those threes
Have you guys ever thought of doing like an All That reunion special?
Just watched Good Burger, made me miss all those guys!
Wait, actual Cheap Trick  not the Cheap Trick Experience?!
haha how do i what ?
:
Smooth!
Best so far tonight in my book!
You got the moves like Jagger!
Was looking at pictures of One Direction and when my brother was annoying me and instead of screaming Jimmy I screamed Harry!
Losing my motor skills quickly...
do you think stamina was a issue in the first fight vs you seemed to tire during the the bout?
Don't forget to delete those default user accounts when you're setting up a new instance of
Always said ATH should have been an hour, 2/wk.
1st  10 needed to be put down years ago.
ESPNArgument should be a sep channel.
LOL..let me know how that works out for you!
There's no such thing as a bear sheriff
Lots of good, fun ideas thrown around w/ and at 12th Street Tap House tonight.
ever wonder what a bassett hound and a pug would look like?
I didn't but I can tell you it's not that cute.
Not one bit.
favorite lower third yesterday was the player tweet tracker.
Gotta wonder how many of my high school classmates are just now regretting their decision to follow the life coaching of Good Charlotte.
Margs, chips and guac with my hubby!
Beautiful evening, get out and enjoy it!
I'll be home for a couple days fathead.
I fear crossing the fine line between staying in touch and being a pest...always have!
TruthRT : if a nigga has bad shoes...he just stink, period lol
love the new blog, chic.
Props.
I told you!
can't DM b/c you are not following, if you can call me 6192433722
I like the Bill Cosby and Lil Bill thing....Dope
What is everyone's fav cell phone game?
My all time favs are word mole and snake
Had a great time of worship  teaching today home always enjoy seeing the people there smile  sing along
Yes, only because I saw 's reply to you.
Adorable!
Why,Tom Brady, you look like someone just walked over your grave.
This is true.
:
happy to collaborate on a workshop presentationcould b abt the neg impact of parent grading legislation!
kewl, I'll get to those later
Study: Pollution masked warming over eastern US in 20th century  EarthSky
so they feel like the worked out longer than they really did.
Or they don't like their homes haha
I'm 41 Quite Noisy but I mostly blame that on my RTs not my MCDM hashtags :
Not even going to walk into Steve Madden...
Why does the in reply to link just show the same tweet?
It used to actually show the tweet they were responding to.
your welcome anytime and hell yea I'm in the avengers!!!!
Surgeon Gen doctor Benjamin I understand that it needs to be professortable but Let's make preventable medicine joyful
Thanks for the retweet!
Great read.
Today is the day that I might get a call that says that I might be able to go to the Abramovic lecture.
I'm lookin at you,
she's got mad talent!
Hello Tweeters!
10FactsAboutMe 3 I don't mind losing, but I never play to lose.
Haha yes, and
aww!
I wish!
we could go eat, get out nails and hur did, and shop til we doctorp!
snap and what?!
Because they are the Jets
IT'S GOTTA BE MAY.
Happy Easter everyone!
Retweet if you're nomming some great food today!
Are you a hockey fanatic?
Head on over to the tonight for the Stanley Cup Playoffs  Boneless Wing Wednesday!
Hey!
For Christmas i would love a present of 600 followers!
I will start following once im up to it!
look at my bio!
I regret paying A for years before learning that they support antitransit organizations :/
Hey tweet peeps!
Hope you're enjoying the NCAA finals!
Fa sho bro.
stopped by Fye at the Castleton mall in Indianapolis and picked up your CD.
Loving it.
Haters gonna hate.
I love mine.
RT : It sounds like there is a lot of issue with this phone I am a lil nervous now lol dam it
At Fela with  Desiree.
Too many things.
All fun.
good nite tweetzers : exhausting day , nd the funny thing is i did exactly nothin' .
lol
love this song....cant wait for the nyc show.
Maybe get a chance to meet you guys too.
RT Duke has a playmate...an 18 mo old labrador that needs exercise and they play well....there is a God!
thanks for the mention!
Looking forward to tomorrow :
did you see this inforgraphic on angel investing...
iu dancers, just sacrificed a ton for you
with arms wide open, or with a wide open?
See...I tried to warn you.
:
I wish i could light a candle and transport to Hawaii like the Glade commercials.
where is Cole Trickle?
Well I can wait.
soul sister!!!
IT SO COLD IN THE D!
I'm going to have that song on repeat until you get back.
writing my own BLS : anyone wanna read it  tell me what you think ?
I have a bad feeling about this.....
Happy mothers day mama
Makes me want to go to law school.
the ultimate Stay Down
GasPrices are insane!
Kickballers posting 100 tank pix left  right.
So get 300 signed up by 3/8 to get a party bus from 1st game to bar!
I would love to have you review my book, Passage to Heaven
just recently edited a nonfiction piece  published it as an ebook.
My blog that I do twice a week, the posts normally are 24k words.
Before I go, just want to let the world know that I had a strange doctoram involving Hugh Jackman, a closet,  a flashlight that didn'r work.
apparently I'm not to creative tonight, bleh!
All you night crawlers, can't stop won't stop!
Thank you, Starbucks, for your holiday items.
I don't care how bad they are for youthis Caramel Brulee latte is saving my life!
You should text me :
i just got one :D
You and Austin have been bestfriends forever.
Hopefully he doesnt forget the followers before now and his BESTFRIEND!
3
Wish I could have been there in the flesh!
But following the action on Twitter is pretty fun too!
two words: super.
grover.
Otw to the work spot
I bought my ipad2 vga at Target.
They had a ton when I couldn't find them anywhere else.
Personal appearances should not be show fodder.
Isn't fodder what you feed to a horse???
who says school can close in two weeks?
i am not ready!
Jim Grossman says: indep rsrch libraries can teach what's not being taught in grad schools but is important for scholarship.
I have a situation where House was flooded by Error of Landlord.
Need your Expertise,he is trying to Evict us.
I'm scared
Are you high right now??
My dad is at the kasbah....him and his motorcycle club!
Come sit on my lap :
Just think..
under the clothes the boys wear..
They are NAKED..
;D
400 M FB fans, each averaging 6 1/2 hrs per month on the site.
That is more than 100 M days on FB of time monthly.
Think about that.
Regardless of your politics, for certain belly laughs, follow The one posted on January 12th from Comedy Central  grt!
and now they're going at it...the gov.t peeps said they arent the only ones watching...im so confused,are they like
You're in midseason form.
I forgot to eat today.
oh shit, B.
Triche is smiling folks!
Just got home from playing soccer:
happy new years...
you sure they aint fireworks...
lol
We miss you 
i'm asking for one for christmas!!!
crucial when there's no garage!
Chuck Bass  anyone else on Gossip Girl
way to finally open your eyes..haha kidding but really he's good real good live too and he's a nice guy.
i'll introduce you sometime
You have the right to remain silent..
Okay thats what I'll do Officer!!
Greeny, Denver has more sunny days here than the 'sunshine state.' Fact We have Indian summers throughout winter
Awesome!
RT : Amazing how many compliments I get on my 317 tee!!
No weapon can sever the soul from me.
Not watching the fight but I guess bieber walked out with mayweather, and y'all hating!?
Why!?
Before college I never realized the ridiculous amount of news coverage the Browns get relative to the Cavs  Tribe.
Insane.
The only way you may correct the bad things in your past is to add better things to your future.
Shiloh Morrison
blowing up some stickam so if eny one wonts to cam just send a invite to ur thing
sorry to hear that :
Tip  Tricks: Don't be hesitant to go to booths/talk to recruits you are unfamiliar with or wouldn't normally approach....
Who's getting FlowersForMom, this Mother's Day?
We are, of course!
:
Good morning!
: How was your weekend?
Hey Omar!
No gang ties here, guys.
Just trying to build a positive new local brand.
Shame you aren't making popcorn.
Gen X also known as latchkey generation due to spike in divorce rates
Good ask, you may just get it!
Killing it!!
That's all I have to say!!
I love selling boats!!
Especially really cool ones...
It really is.
:
BTW, nothing straighter than getting on top of another dude and giving him a haircut.
over the operations of their processes.
Also, if the
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
At bells with the fish, but I'm headed home after the game.
Time for the sleep.
Might nap and rally.
need prayer?
Chillin and doctornking like a mother fucker in pearland, my lips are numb, time to ride!
BMXLIFE BITCH!!
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 72F Fair: 72F Fair
I am absolutely emotionally exhausted.
subzero eats
Oo yard sales :
I've tried to speak with you before, to understand you, but unfortunately over the phone and in social media this is what I get.
congrats Matt on a great event for a great cause!
I'd totally read that book from a friend of .
Words of encouragement HUZZAH!
I'm bouta start looking for my prom doctorss
really!?!
Do you really think thats a point destination!?
shame on you for fake mayorships!!!
We work with the most amazing people from all over the world!
I love it!
Three of my favorite things are in Austin this weekend: !
Hahaha that entire list is hilarious
rook rook rook!!
Lol
GeoCities is now gone.
Makes me want to backup everything I have in the cloud.
In the market for a 10 TB hard doctorve.
got it from Netgalley as well  gotta love NG
True.
But if the government seeks creative ways to make money i'd add a video arcade to occupy the screaming kids.
anybody watching grey's anatomy?
One day I want to honestly say I made it.
God dont like ugly.so u should of died n ya daddys dick
Charles and Baltimore for your Lobster Mac Friday...
See you all around 10:30 to 2
Hi.
Thanks for the follow.
Nice blog.
As much as I like Soledad, Morning Joe is the show that I love to hate.
Of course, Mika excepted.
There's an umlaut in reëducating?
Blackberry pie
Thanks for the info...DM us with your email addoctorss.
We'd like to thank you for the help!
Introducing our site on food allergies  AllergyHome.org.
Dedicated to raising awareness in schools and in those without food allergies.
I got the wbc confused with cbc.
lol.
No whining, understood.
haha.
So my car broke down on the way to the chiropractor in front of the high school......
Looking North by
Inspired  invigorated by the gorgeous weatherlots of projects in the works!
Poor lil Sugar Shane
Top O' the mornin' to ya!
Go Green or Go home!
Thank you for the follow
Good luck ?
we love Njeri!
And in the end it's not the years in your life that count.
It's the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln
Unfilled travertine will undoubtedly require more frequent cleanings due to dirt getting into the holes easier.
Just finished reading Lev Grossman's The Magicians  The Magician King...
Great books but seriously bitter ending!
Poor Quentin...
3
I'm so happy right now.
My rental car is playing What Makes You Beautiful....
Yes.
I already took a nap lol and imma go to sleep really soon
I am above ONLY and not beneath
thank you, friend 3 lets get sorbet tonight please I think I need it.
Our friend Jeff from Will be in the 3rd Ward Tomorrow!
Stop by and see him for lunch!
it was super fun!
except my feet were killing me because i was dancing in 4/5 inch heels
I should write a book about the crazy shit that I deal w/ as an indie producer.
I'm talking about u but not only u ;
hey u i got back on finally so follow me
simple .
.
.
simple, that is the word you are looking for.
Ruuunnn for yoourrr livvvesss.
One of my friends on Fbook told me that a beaker exploded in one of the labs.
I was gonna say if it's ure left just tape it and suck it up.
Super Bomberman was tremendous.
I lost a lot of hours of my life to battle mode.
doesnt look like your super excited to be sitting next to the guy on your right
thanks for the follow
Hey Greg, How are you?
Don't worry..
I never doubted your love fir me ...
Ok maybe um a few ..alot...a ton of times
Although obedience IS linked to enjoying life  blessing, it doesn't make us righteous.
JESUS' obedience SECURED our righteousness!
I'm about to be fat right now.
Snacks on snacks on snacks.
That's one of the hardest things to even know...even when you think you do, it's probably lust anyways...
Potential for good things, constructive things all the same in all of us
I hope the sandals I ordered look as bright as the picture
Congrats on meeting the prez!!!
I wanna see pictures of you, the wife, the bow tie.
I don't like any of my COUSINs.....
I think i have been friends with everyone in Clarksville.
Whenever I'm part of a group that gets a text message, I get everyone's replies to the sender.
Why?
techdesk helpdesk techchat whichtag?
Hey Wesley!
Saw you were in Houston last week!
Wish I could've said hi!
I LOVE you guys lol 
I really want to see the Breaking Dawn premiere doctorssed as a Hogwarts student.
I got over that long ago.RT : Overcome the belief that you must be normal; it robs you of your chance to be extraordinary.
PLEASE follow me!
NOW FOLLOWING FOLLOW BACK : 
we don't fish there?
Jessica is a fine singer but she has no personal style : Not a super star.
Sorry, girl.
Just received a gift set from fan?!
thx for the RT and very glad to see u again at mptech cc
Data Warehouses are the basic usage professorle re.
Enterprise LinkedData .
/cc
YES to Emory's please!
I want one!
Good shit, was actually entertaining to watch SFxT this time!
Really excited about tonight!
I say that every Sunday night, but Sebastian Stan is cranking up the hotness!
McNabb McNomore 7 completions for 39 yards ...
that's not a single doctorve stats ...
that's for the game ...
ouch

time it will get better you will gain weight then get taller and look super model material don't judge yourself now
my ex boyfriend
Want to see a good movie tonight, what to see?
I Need a Doctor
Almost at 50 Followers!
Follow MyTrendyBuzz!
We are always buzzing!
so bored
People with terrible grammar 
Ducklings!
1st duckling citing of spring!
Ducklings!
Miss you buddy!
That rush gave me chills
Why not have both, and next year we'll get you a chariot?
the main part!
He got hustle more than everyone EXCEPT Kobe!
aww my booboo is sick..hopefulley he gets better
omfg dude you're blessed!
3
Get it, girl!
: RT : v happy  250 J Crew gift card just arrived from : Got my eye on the doctoramweaver clutch bag...
Otis redding Live in Europe on vinyl...
Just saying, friends.
Happy Monday!
Any time to chat about that field sales position today?
311 for storm related debris removal.
whatever they are they make you flip the fuck out lmfao.
Sometimes I think your gonna die!
Heading to Birmingham to do a show at The Nick.
Come party hardy with us!
Interesting note: The more classes I complete for the PhD Clinical Hypnotherapy, the more medico's paths I'm crossing  recrossing!
It's time to open your eyes to see the fading of truth by the growing of lies.
sweet!
RT : getting my pulled pork on!
Bringing home a puck of deep fried maccheese m
yes it is I couldn't watch that bullshit...
quiet conference on a friday afternoon...
Don't start
email me for free promo codes for instant santa Thanks for the tweet and selecting us as app of the week!
So in case you ever have a chance to win a car, reggae is 's favorite kind of music.
The more you know.
Unbelievable  dinner at Bandera in Chicago  we're at the same table as last time we were here.
Except isn't with us this time :
On a Beatles kick, eh?
Thanks for getting this song in my head.....
when I get a new machine
Tomoro night everybody free til 12 Reserve Lounge 729 main st houston tx BE THERE
Reports of Memphis in very heavy talks to join Big East.
Feeling a more and more like a midmajor all the time
UFC Undisputed 3 is so accurate, half the time it goes to decision you get ROBBED.
Cafe 300 specials today are tomato vegetable soup or potato soup!
im not in nola yet!
Haha, but thanks.
I am looking forward to it myself
Mine is on the shared heritage of digital archives, libraries and museums
reply to me ugly
this is a must watch : Watch tonight RT A can't miss documentary on ...THE WAYMAN TISDALE STORY as told by him
Awesome!
Simply their description sounded amazing!
Almost like reallife alchemy!
Franscisco Molinari and D Johnson both get back to square
I think I'm gonna paint my boss of he doesn't get his act together.
A little more faith now?
don't be a menace
Join us for Fayetteville After Five Thursday, August 19 for the Craig Woolard Band!
FREE ADMISSION!
When's the release date?
I could send you mine.
There's a special place in hell reserved for those who vote for national chains in Best of Sac or AList.
How was ur interview?
Have you heard of a 'Tweetup ' ???
Completely commercial worthy!
I feel like I'm the last real nigga left, or maybe all the real niggas just left?
Seriously.
Might as well not go to bed.
this ends today!!!
ThingsMyMotherSays I'm thirsty, where is a glass cause cups are nasty they taste like cup and they stank.....LOL
Weaver sucks!!!
: DAMN QUOTIN MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING B?
more like my big fat Greek blunt ammiright???hahahahahah deffff
Video storytelling tip of the day: It's not about what you put in, it's about what you leave out.
Season Finale of DanceMoms :
Car inspected!
The To Do List grows shorter.
I'm putting together a presentation on Leadership  anyone like to throw their 2 cents worth?
I have no clue who he thinks he is ;  he just told me to come over because he's home alone.
my mom: what the hell is the point if going to Sonic if we have hot dogs and chicken fingers at home?
Thanks!!!
Jesse's such a fab resource....
appreciate you routing this to the right person!
It is another exciting Sunday afternoon in Spain.
Meetings...I spend too much of my life in meetings!
Looking for something to do on Saturday?
I've got two tickets I'm trying to sell to the Brewers Cubs game.
45 Field Infield 111 row 23
a great meeting today with the chicago literary alliance!
keep your eyes out for a webpage announcement.
putting chicago lit on the map.
Sounds good I will be sure to stop in.
is there still time to DM you about feedback advice?
i only have 1 real idea on how best to give it.
nothing else is coming to mind
Oh Snow days...
You've given me so much in my life but why have you waited to let me experience Californication?
:
did it happen??
I can head over there, if you need me ;
Scoop up your boy!
TOP BRASS is in the house.
I want to marry you
Our Top Restaurant Tour is in Boulder on Saturday!
Join us as we visit The Kitchen Next Door, Salt  Oak at Fourteenth.
Wazzup Tweoples!!!
Rise, Grind  Shine!!
RIP Al Davis, u may have not been liked by many but u gave the Raiders an identity people respect!!
That sounds amazing!
i'm off thursday.
Maybe thomas and I can stop by then.
I get chills everytime I click continue on Uncharted doctorke's Fortune because of the music AMAZING
Let's go to Canada : I'm so ready to move to another country.
Get me out of this place.
you had me at caramelized ramp.
I feel like i have no friends anymore...
story of my life :/
my life is complete at the familymeeting AC did a shout out to me.
3
Unifi brings your photos, personal videos, and music so you can enjoy them on your PC, iPhone, Andoctorid, etc.
Tired of being patient and wishing on a star wit some of u mofos
Happy 4th weekend!
At Cupboard Natural Foods health fair this Sat.
and Sunday.
200 West Congress St.
Denton, TX handing out free cookies!
Come by and say Hi!
Uummm...I'm gonna be broke for awhile.
Lolz all the money I get is going towards summer camps and trips :p
: Chris Brown should stick with moving his feet, not his fist GRAMMYS
You know it!
They spread joy from coast to coast ;
text me
Happy 6th Birthday to Little Joey as Alyssa calls him.
Even though your up in heaven doesnt mean we forget about you.
Funny, I just bought some Meth to make sudafed.
So fun following HHawards via twitter.
DCtheatre rocks!
Happy DC theatre week, and congratulations to the award winners!
if i'm gunna go, i'm gunna go havin' a good time
Yanno, I wouldn't mind if society called it Purple Friday.
Then I'd actually be quite satisfied living in this country.
OMG she bit it off
I hereby confer my bee swarm mojo to .
Go boy, Go!!
Another main difference from the era  'the peaceful confines of the Mission'
KG screamn out Beantown just made my night no doubt 
Dear Client: Your definition of Know and Know of doesn't mean a thing to the judge.
You ain't Bill Clinton.
What state do you live in?
after denial?
Do you feel lonely?
All the time.
The bookshop is open today!
I think it's a good time for a latenight snack...
Note 2 potential followers: if your professorle describes sex acts, or if you have words like, bj's, cum etc.
in your email, UR gonna b blocked
no, but I will hope to do it in the fall...
nice to know your interest
87 and humid on the first day of Spring.
AJ...
cut it out!
Don't get thrown out!
Watched the alayma12 awards live on the webcast today.
Could feel the excited tension even via pixel.
Status quo is off the table.
Watershed moment for college football may be upon us.
I'd love to see a playoff format.
Dam short season making all the players fragile!!
can we cuddle
Chase Rice's new album Dirt Road Communion climbing the iTunes country Top Albums this am!
9:30 and already at 11!!!!!
won all his writer awards during the steroid era...should come with an asterisk
Nowplayin.
Obie Trice The set up.
No but really.
I wanna know who I follow on twitter is going to the NYC CONCERT:D
Flo Fusion is committed to fulfilling your health and fitness needs...
how committed are you
Thank you for the RTs!!
Thanks to the stalking abilities of twitter, I now have a Thurs eve ticket to Disneyland.
Thanks for the heads up!
Come on!
Fans have to support when it hurts too.
: Manu  Tim out tonight, I think Im done watching until playoff time.
Spurs
Hey everyone leaving on a 4AM flight to Florida today to play with Mick Moloney and The Green Fields of America.
I am looking forward it!
we could not be more confused by the list of topics and names trending right now.
valeska popozuda?
gesundheit.
Tonight I'm wearing 6 inch heels and my prisoner cell block h doctorss.
I'm also playing the best records ever.
Looking for a startup lawyer in South Florida area.
Any suggestions?
startuplawyer florida RT
Big day !
We should work together one day!
re: White Buffalo sightings  maybe it's the Thanksgiving hangovers???
;
Whew....busy Monday here at the warehouse.
Chat with us live again tomorrow morning starting at 8am with any questions.
China: How many cymbals are named after a country?!
Use china cymbal syncopations  different riding patterns w/grooves today.
yeah, i get bored easily :p
Join my chat:D woo.
same here homie
Costco with
Well, it opens with a Nickdoctorke song.
Not bad.
And I see YOU, thanks lady K  : I see you!
KeepGoing
.
We are building/selling homes like mad.
Our new sales center  our new web site are both coming soon.
We need to talk!
We're open today in Country Club Estates  Ventanas, 15pm.
Stop by!
Ahh...
I miss the crazy thinking...
brings out the best in ya, and the best writing.
Haha I'm scheming right now.
We are currently accepting submissions for our War on Terror issue!
bit.ly/q6jzAE Thanks
doctorving with my son yikes first time in a long time
can't wait til I'm 21.
I wanna hit that shit up bad lol
All right , I'm ready for my ORD SEA flight tomorrow to be reunited with my sweetie after 3 months!
Don't mess it up, ok?!
for those caught UNAWARES, my excitement over Diablo 3 reminded me of one of my favorite words
TAYLOR SWIFT CONCERT SOON
how would you feel about helping plan a music type festival?
To take place in the next year  2 years?
Will Cincy ever get a clutch kicker???
Looks like Shayne graham is back!
Pathetic!!!!!
glad I could be apart of it 
Have a safe trip Babe :
I'm free for whatever dude, you wanna grab some dinner?
Hiring a good Reno property manager for your rental units allows you to earn income through your property without taking on additional work.
Registering for classes.
Come on
And now I found Zapp's in Greenpoint.
Does any NYC/NOLA transplant want to collaborate on a Zapp's map?
recommends inserting the earplug part of your headset into your ear rather than the headphone jack!
I say they should add live twitter feed to the show next year.
My twitter timeline 
Happy Mothers Day Momma J.
I love you!
easy as 123 get it?
Pi day is so secularized these days!
Remember the reason for the season: Archimedes died for our sins.
Well, for somebody's sins, anyway.
2nd issue of DOPENESS MAGAZINE is out people get you copy now...Dopenessmag.com to get your own copy people
Aww...
blushes : Thanks so much for talking to me.
I enjoyed our chat.
Good luck on your article.
yippey, i figured it out!
it works, cool!
Doesn't if feel great to figure out something that was once complicated, but now ur a genius?!
:
I'm Rachel
Nice!
I once upon a time told Will Lowe that I'd work on v2 of YoshiKoder.
That never really happened.
u should totally follloooow
Do you have any kidfriendly events any time soon?
There was something about her that must have kept sending messages to my brain LT on future wife Fran Thomas
I can't find my mind,keeps on coming back to you,always back to you.
3
great game Kyle hope u have a great season!!!!!!!!!!!
Cantina Laredo will be OPEN Easter Sunday, 11am to 8pm
ik I hate the song too I just wanted to sing it because it's Friday.
:
Excuse me peeps...
What professorle update?
Nothing changed.
Same place, same job.
Luvvin' it  going nowhere!
CAPITALISM God's way of determining who is smart, and who is poor
schoolmemories varsity basketball
so, God can heal anything : but you never told me how your shoulder feels miss
Ima take my talents to South Beach....
When people think of this topic they always think like this  Apollo NASA, rocket scientists, out of my league, etc
Do you fools listen to music or just skim through it
quit being ignorant  text each other.
Is chatroulette the next Twitter?
Will marketers find a way to leverage for mktg purposes?
How soon?
Phys Ed: Eating Fat, Staying Lean
Fun night bartending and taking pictures.
i really like your avi :
sure thing pal!!!
I can't friggin see my friggin mentions.
Gladiator has gotta be a top 5 movie of all time ...maybe even top 3
Some Rosy Predictions for Windows Phone 7
Anyway...
Mani  Pedi time  luv it!
An its empty in here.
:
then I'm sorry we can't make a deal  :
Money on my mind
I adore John Stamos.
:
it's like the redneck version of fantasy factory.
Full of hilariously terrible ideas.
Did I see you racing around campus earlier today?
Money Money Money  Money!
Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
what's that from?
I like that.
Hi Jayce!
thanks for the follow.
Let's see if the caps can actually win ONE game tonight!
Pitt won 3 against TB!
Save This Show: NBC's Community Needs To Stick Around Last week a young man of Polish and Indian descent walked into a black room decorat
ESPN News  Bulls PG Derrick Rose suffered torn ACL in win vs.
76ers, out for rest of playoffs
Debating what day to get a pedicure
Francona?!
Dickie, please get CoachK 2 talk some sense into Theo and hire Ryno already!
Cubs making big mistake!
Arguing young people dont get sick is FALSE, like Type I Diabetes takes a break from from age 26 to 65.
if dey truly a bitch thats the only thing they respond to
Registered and looking forward to a great event!
Sweet quote: I like it when you smile but I love it more when I'm the reason.
oh, my!
little miss Cincinnati!
Bent Road Cabernet by Queensland Wines and Think I need to round up a bottle or two.
I wasn't really spitting game i was scrimmaging
Dog Fact: All dogs, regardless of breed, are direct descendants of wolves and technically of the same species.
its ok 3
Hopefully this is gonna b one of those plans that actually work
Same with porn stars and such.
What happens after they're no longer interested in that line of work?
i frikin know rightt she is busy though we dont wanna affect her wonderful dancing rightt?
xP
Lebron wore adidas until money exchanged hands
MilwaukeeDictionary TABS  Truancy Abatement  Burglary Suppression AKA Take a break, sh!t!
Goodmorning followers, TGIF have a nice day
thanks for the follow :
: what is it?
How to tweet, for dummies?
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
Ivy Baker
well then scoffs and walks off
Can't wait to see what the future holds!
If a restaurant closes at 9....
How bout you don't come in at 8 45???
Unfollowing a lot of talkers this morning.
Good morning, MVPs!
Where are you going for karaoke this weekend?
What will you sing?
The amount of water doesn't matter.
It's the other stuff!
Westbrook need to pass
Airconditioning, Restaurant Refrigeration Services 6177923350 Boston, Suburbs
And i will retire with the crown, yes.
Yes!
RT : GR8 idea RT Amani Toomer running NY marathon starting last Timex to donate 1 for every person he passes
the razor blades of home sliced into my whispering lips.
big day yesterday!
arrival of my doctorss swatch, food for thought tasting menu completed, and save the date doctorfts begin!
why are you going to go Australia, hun?
Hey , what is the Facebook valuation at for the IPO tomorrow?
OldArguments cc:
Is it snowing in Philly?
Cuddling with puppy.
3
Coffee makes me tired not hyper.
A HIT
STOP IT!
me and aren't going out!!!
Volunteer gig today's not so much w/ the actual work as it is playing with twitter and pinterest, answering the occasional tech question.
Matt Martin wins a decision from Wayne Simmonds.
5 each for fighting.
Credit Simmonds for hanging in there.
Still any chances any get leaked Twitter...
I think making babies, falls under the not work category...
Oh god.
Just rested my eyes and it's like, 4 hours later.
What happened?
The only thing worse than the Caps defense is the asshole on the karaoke at this bar.
The price increase along with storage decrease forced by is crummy, but far worse is their effort to hide plancost details.
Platoon in my pants!
Blackhawk down in my pants!
Apacolypto in my pants!
Sorry, we wish we were getting to more areas.
Soon!
Theirs green in my eye color!
This grounded chick is cute but she's grounded hahahahahaha grounded.
Bad dog I mean girl thingy person
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Margaret Walker
Please go to www.whypunchtheclock.com and get on mt waiting list .
Careful: We're running 10 miles RT : Yea!!
RT Attention Broncos media: brownies  banana bread on my desk
I'm a Hungapino, proud Hungarian Filipino
I'm speechless right now.
There is a price we will not pay.
There is a point beyond which they must not advance.
En art comme en amour, l'instinct suffit
smoking crack at the Cobb watching avengers with and
RAA's Illuminate, installation exhibition will premier Saturday the 10th at the Jazz Gallery!
Also up for Gallery Night and Day!
I always forget how fascinated I am with elections  waiting for the GOP IowaDebate.
Let's hope Rick Perry decides not to speak.
Hell I see you
are you talking about the cherry berry one or whatever it's called?
bo!!!
Let's get together!!!
you might not be able to do that in 140 characters by game's end.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.Napoleon Hill
GSHOCK WATCHES 4 Sale!!!!!
In White, Yellow, Black And Red...
1 For 70 an 2 For 100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!!
No Problem3
the Internet is real but your PR person is just your Other Self
ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Kyle Boller's pocket awareness
loved your performance!
makes me so excited for Believe tour!!
well I try to always work out  can't really remember the last time I was out of the gym.
It's a lifestyle!
:
I am happy i can do a smiley face
Subway foot long : 
bt not for long
doctorams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.
Edgar Cayce
is cuter than you haha
: is on one this morning.
I'm blowing cars that's errday.
Beautiful day in the neighborhood.
Be thankful y'all
THIS IS THE REAL ME
nano...
I couldn't figure out how to save or escape!
You dont need to win every medal to be successful.
Jason Fried
Where is when you need him?
RT : summer2012 RT : We need bloggers  interns, if interested please contact
well it's one actual math class and 2 other math based classes.
good look sis...
Congrats!
yeah.
it really annoys me that it is hard to understand
The best way 2help the developmentally disabled is to tell your friends!
Help us spread awareness about how badly our assistance is needed.
from Dept of Energy talking about social transformation.
Breaks content down into short features.
Online outreach.
Infographics
so it's new york
Had a good time at the POK taping!
Happy Birthday 3 :
Friday Tweetcast  Rain becomes likely...mostly showers with a few rumbles, but severe weather is unlikely.
Highs in the upper 70s.
Nothing better than listening to Bob Uecker on the car ride home.
Even better when that car ride is at 11:55 p.m.
Life is like playing chess with God.
Your moves are called Choices His moves are called Challenges.
Anon
Come see us play LIVE  The Central in Santa Monica!
1348 14th Street.
9:30pm Wed March 21st.
This upcoming week!
:
WHAT THE FUCK?!?!
Could you imagine going to and then turning around and going to ?
That would be silly!
nice!
This years batch of Oberon is pretty good
RT : Most of all, love each other as if your life depended on it.
Love makes up for practically anything 1Peter4:8
I love you to 
right!
always way always will be!
indeed!
Spending the weekend, couldn't resist.
Going to the giants game then I'll be looking for trouble.
You?
Let the horns rise.
: Austin Rivers sister dates a UNC player
Enjoyed meeting with you yesterday.
Everyone: Phil is a good IT Training resource...plz follow!
Ha  yeah, there were a few things like that, but overall, great fun.
Oh of course, Im not disagreeing with you, nor am i upset or saying i dont like Colin!
He is a fantastic Comic, 1 of the best
You are the best Mom that I have ever seen!
Your kids are wonderful!
Yes, that actually happened.
RT : Holy sht.
just ran into the founder of
wants to know what YOU are doin' 2nite?!
Lady Grey is one of my alltime favorites :
The more you do something the same way in a story the more it loses impact.
Same words, twists, situations or visuals.
My nigga dell fina throw down on da grill for da 1 time
being in Sec Salazar's office when he gets the call that the cement worked  internship win
I use to HATE back to school shopping!
HUSKY jeans not cool!
No prob, thanks for supporting the arts!
RT : Thanks for mention of our grant to boost arts education in Boston public schools
uh oh!
Thanks  You too!
Love your bio!
Today is so not my day !
Every time I rest my forearm on the top of my babybump, the baby bops me saying 'hey that's my head!' 3 badmommy,
Ah pupppyyy!
Let me pet him 
Wait...it's not about the health benefits of citrus fruit...?!
off to brazil!
hey Scott  dev of CC here!
If you have any questions or need any help, be sure to let me know!!
:D
I think mister Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grinder!!!
I didn't notice this till right now 
you are hilarious
hey a win's a win!
But she be at my desk during 3 period
Congrats on SXSW and the Aggression Scale!
Hello!
Everyone!
There has been some positive changes.
:
Its finally summer!
First year of college
Monday at the Bar!
Jackpots!
Thank you everyone for following me!
Welcome!
Can we just chill?
Converse.
I'm trying to see how your mind works..
Thanks for this Google info!
I've been trying to figure out how to use it best professorssionally.
true.....
Twitter via tv.
Craziness
WE GOIN HARD AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
1ST THURSDAY OF 2012 BABY!!
LET'S GO!!
From 2009: Today's TED: Economist suggests we should be suspicious of stories: on.ted.com/Cowen
thank you!
Hope you and your husband enjoy the rest of your vacation.
The morning's hardest decision is which tshirt to wear..
I concur, lets beatcancer and beat it and beat it and beat it!!
cmon man...
You gotta know Mayweather is takin it by decision!
I Love, and the world is mine.
Florence Earle Coates
Thank you to for my delicious lateafternoon lunch, and for feeding my coworkers too!
It is truly a doctoram come true!
: I expect all my meals will be replaced by this candy very soon.
I invite you to till the rich soil of your soul.
Connect with ALL of you; the good, the bad; embrace your Power...Integrate and be one!
Only hope now is that the Knicks pull what the Red Sux pills in 2004
The Texas Rangers were the first state police agency.
Good news for Tivo on its patent lawsuit win.
Still, I'm really surprised no one has bought them yet.
Love Tivo
That is a shame.
Well, I enjoyed our conversation and thanks for coming by.
What other conferences do you attend?
: Haha.
Very cool.
Hopefully I wouldn't be in the city for the zombie apocalypse.
Too many people and not enough room to run!
I can't wait til the zombieoutbreak, because it'll be funny for kids to get away with the old a zombie ate my homework excuse.
I was shiny on the outside and rotten in the inside, Steven Ford
uwmjamsinternships  apply now!
It's never too early to apply.
Lol I didn't care about the shots that he made.
I just can't comprehend my inability to post up.
Got caught by a DC camera for speeding a month ago.
390 speed cams?
Wow.
Check out: The Top 10 Cities For Speed Traps via
Crap I should be asleep but I keep playing puzzlejuice ..
x97 combo gogogogo.
They always tell me that no one is working as hard as you, i laugh it off even though I'm knowing that its probably true!
doctorke
is literally the best person I've ever met
How did your first day go?
I hope it went well!
M sounds good!
Packed house at Vessel for New Diplomat's CD release party...
www newdiplomat.net
Toured the Celestial Seasonings factory in Boulder.
when all that happen ?
Get stoked for our new shows at www.facebook.com/collaterallive!
we go every year.
Lol.
It gets kinda old but at least it's a vacation.
WhoAh what a weekend....
Our Contest is done..!
will post more info shortly so stay tuned 
Life tends to have that Toothpaste and Orange Juice affect...
Some things just don't seem to go together.
That is all
You should've called,  I would have loved to get together
If I could, I would still be laying on the back of my car under the open sky with you: laughing, goofing off and cuddling:
I cut three fingernails too short.
Oh the pain.
I am twitter happy today sorry fb.
FINALLY!
its about time she started to care!
Yeah, that's fine.
How you look affects how you feel.
What is your favorite clothing item that is you?
Working Chevelle tonight.
S/o to Estelle for calling me cute.
Ran into a lot of hip hop figures at last night show.
Hoping to learn some things I don't already know, and hear about how others are marketing and teaching this tool!
The AT family would like 2 say thank u  good luck 2 as we say c u later 2day.
We'll miss u  ur smile, but wish u all the best!
Nothin says Goodmorninggg like 3 flights up a stopped single row escalator w/ ppl stopping every 6 steps to turn  tell how tired they are.
YO MAMMA IS SO OLD SHE RAN TRACK WITH THE DINOSAURS
last night why didn't you go to the bean?
I wish Vin was with the boyz so he could of saw Justin to.
In Your Trap, I am a more
Ok so how do you folks feel about all digital programs?
SCREAMIN HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE.
HAVE FUN THIS Y'ALL DAY
bored at work.
Lime is a Green tasting rock..
major props to for getting suspenders with his tux!!!!
he doesn't suck at life.
haha
what is LIs?
Wow, thanks!
Let us know if you need anything or have feedback!
:
You have a great weekend, also.
RT In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock  Thomas Jefferson
Im so high looking down from the ceiling, tonight I might plank on a million
Down to Maryland for lacrosse
You live, laugh, and love.
Usually just to wind up getting lied to!
and we just signed up on your beta site!
thanks!
How come?
Just Curious?
I was certain you didn't have 5 fingers because every picture I see of you, i only see your middle finger on each hand.
My mistake.
it's just wrong!
I know you'll understand me here when I say that I'm already going through some grief just taking pictures of them for facebook...
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
Ah...
to be the 2nd or 3rd guy on stage to give their Academy Award speech, as Everyone's Yelling 5 SECONDS!!!
HURRY IT UP!!!
I noticed that as well
Current VIVO includes mechanisms to boost as well as exclude search results, will also improve in 1.5.
Must get slides.
This kid next to me looks like ..
33 lol full on stalker mode.
Love what you do!YaY
Anyone know of any magical potion that makes a person more mature.
Im 4 months away from 28  still act like Im 15.
Oh well forever young
Attending a very informative EDUCAUSE webinar on the 2012 Core Data Service...great changes made which improves navigation
Tebow needs to stay away fom Katie Perry
You have an incredibly warped definition of tough.
Just beat Mac in Scrabble!
It's the little things...haha
People who doctornk, smoke heavily and take hard doctorgs tend to live almost 10 longer than those who don't.
wow!
those images are inspiring.
1 vote for Go Dog Go RT Today is Childoctorn's Book Day.
What was your favorite childoctorn's book?
professorssionally separated artwork will make all the difference to your prints!
I just suggested to my soccer playing stepdaughter at U of A, to try out for Arizona Wildcats Field Goal kicker.
She can't be any worse.
The basketball finals should be coming up really soon!
i miss my freaky friend :/
Ree Varcoe: Wonka's Everlasting Gobstopper: The Ultimate Test of Motherhood: As I approach this Mother's Day, I am going to be fearle...
RT : Crowded streets, homeless man surviving, music.
...seeing a Play.
I love NY
hey hey ...how are you :
As I was scraping my windshield this morning, couldn't remember why I hated 105 degree weather this summer quite so much
Some 20 million Americans listen to Rush Limbaugh.
They think they get their news from him.
My Sextet will be making big sounds on the little stage at Katerina's tomorrow night, stop in for great music and a showing of my artwork
yes.
Exactly yes to all of that.
Dude im juss playin ' chill bro
oh damn :/...im starting to get sick..one of the many reasons...to hate winter D:
Yes, my Spanish grade is up!
Back home now.
Quite a wild experience.
Thx 4 the kind words.
We're going to tweet about you today to again show our appreciation.
Tx for the RT.
Kobe Bryant's sick faces 
you back out hun that grate news
RT : RT its fucking funny that I can be there for all these people but when I need something nobodys there for me
Thanks for the kind words..
and again, for such cool MMA story ideas.
You're 22!
I want to hear more about that!
just got done cutting the grass.
I could literally eat a whole box of Krispy Kreme donuts.
Thanks girl :
RT : No push and the door of opportunity will not open.
D.
Pressley
then come over.
Let's do this.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Happy Valentine's Day!
one of those priceless moments in life just occurred: my 3yearold asked to watch his Jimi Hendoctorx DVD from Space before bed.
Love me some Bo Jackson!
Lesson plans should be learning plans
turned off my bedoctorom lights  tried to make it to my bed in the dark.
not such a smart idea.
gonna have a big bruise tomorrow.
As clutch as Pierce's 3 was, that shot was equally as unclutch.
what are your thoughts on Mario's physical this morning and bringing his fiancé to Buffalo?
cool keep me posted
we're just getting started : lots of cool event stuff happening soon we'll keep you in the loop
I got it and responded
R.Carson Only w/in the moment of time rep'td by the present century has 1 species..acquired sig power to alter the nature of his world.
YOLO has run its course, I officially hate it
So glad we can connect!
Thanks for the follow!
What a week!
lotsgoingon tonight's event with was so insightful!
sorry for not updating my blog this past week.
i'll make it up to ya tomorrow.
answer...
Well you're nice and talk to me like I don't suck dick for money.
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all.
I just keep it almost naked.
And probably the words are so bland.
Jimi Hendoctorx
so we are still friends.
good.
lol.
nothing really, just thinkin about a new tumblr name:
RT : I'm about to cut off ties with thank you for your twitter bio  You're welcome 
Hahahaha when was I doing that I must have been high 
Thanks so much for including my tweet in your The Write Stuff Daily Paper.
Much appreciated.
:O
I freakin love Heart Attack by Trey Songz 3
I'm only watching Dancing With the Stars to kill time before The Bachelorette starts
yeah i mean hes attractive lol:P
Niall Horan Is Handsome
Omgg!!!
At the at guy at the 76ers game.
Omg, I am tramatized for life.
you would be in the know!
I'm assuming it would be defensive reboundingcause Shabazz won't miss
hahahaha!!
u need to own that doctorss.
It has ur name written all over it.
Just this morning, after weeks of putting of my health, I reminded myself that health is always the  1 priority.
BBW reunion today......damn
Thanks to my lovely ladies for such an amazing and fun night!!
love you girls333
theoffice is so terrible now.
Dwight is so unlikeable, Parenting has made Jim and Pam retarded, and Andy  dumbass.
I'm done watching.
what's u doing
No matter what I sell a bat for, 3,4,5 hundoctord bucks, a free 5 dollar bat grip always seems to balance out that transaction.
Earn a 50 AmEx gift cards for business account referrals.
Call us 404.629.5200 to learn more.
O ok!
Totally makes complete sense now
definition of a hoe ass niggardly.
Next thing this dude gonna grow a dully and get educated.
To back to school fucka
Had a blast  thanks for having us!
I feel you.
Your new pic is bomb btw
StronglyAttractedTo guys that can keep up while dancing REGGAE 3 eyyyy
got school in the am gotta do this damn hw smh feel like im back in high school but owell gotta do itso i can be that much closer to mydoctoram
doctorving mom's car to Charleston.
Best part  Prince and Rick James on deck
I think everything administrative is hard for small businesses.
It's often 0 per hour work.
We plan to move to Vegas just as soon as we sell our house in NH.
Protect your investment.
lolol: noo glasses don't do laundoctor lol well I don't idk about all these other fancy glasses :p hahaha:
hey what was that miike snow song I liked?
Something about the stars or something 
Gonna be a long day here at work c'mon 4 o'clock!!
M.
Isla Vista.
I hate when people act like they don't know shit.
Bitch you know damn well what's going on.
Are you trying to say you have a pasta hang over?
Now that's Italian!
Lol
waiting for Paulmccartney grammys hope he doesn't embarrass me.
I wish Denzel Washington would get a twitter
I don't care how moving the image macro you post is, when it ends with anything like I bet you won't share this it's instantly right.
artsummit People themselves make changes.
It's not semantics.
Scott Rankin says be careful about changing people
Made my first online purchase since giving it up for lent and I couldn't be happier!!!!
okay will do.
Thanks!
Java Engineers wanted: frontend or backend java engineer they can hire?
CEO of Billshrink.com
The pretzels by the coffee machine are crack.
Any food left by the coffee machine is crack.
...really any food is crack.
stop lying !!!
Flames to dust Lovers to friends Why do all good things come to an end ...
Been stuck in my head all day
looked for 20 min for article and couldn't find it  then realized he'd said jewelry not jury
STEM engages students and increases motivation with projectbased learning and encourages students to solve authentic problems.
Food Fact: Hmm.
Swiss Steak, Chop Suey, Russian doctorssing, and a Hamburger all originated in the US.
Sure, I'd like to take a look at it!
How do I get an invite?
what time?
agree it gets confusing.
Or not.
Oh yea I know girl...
So sad!!
Watchin CNN now
Lol today is my mom's birthday!
Momma yelling at me bc her shoes are cold
Calling it a night nothing else to do everybody be safe
Defintely!
College is kicking my butt
I absolutely hate you, esp because you always turn down my suggestions to go there insisting you don't eat red meat
BringCigs in Twitter Jail :
Thank Y for the radio talk show on your new book.
Great to hear your voice.
We should all be skeptics of society!
Great Show!
Missing in JLin hoopla: Why D'Antoni benched him for so long.
Granted I'm a Harvard fan, but it was always obvious he was better than Toney.
Now following :
yea, artists already have the little links page with their friends' sites, why not a step further?
that's a good question...she is a pretty good picture taker!
updating the Documentation page right now for iCalendar
i basically missed the shirt and got my legs:p
Little known fact: My wife has an unhealthy crush on Groundskeeper Willie from The Simpsons.
Yeah!
On the board finally!
Thanks Weeks!
Go Brewers!
Nate the great...
Splash hit!
best feeling EVER!
:
MT Bar tonite 5830p!
12 Trucks great wine  One great way to spend an evening!!
Trying to stay focus but I can't concentrate at all
really?
lucky how was it?
sandiego foodtrucks: can anyone give me a quick sound bite about proposed AB 1678?
miz and and his boyfriend just got firerd
Meanwhile BET is showing the stupid ass trapped in the closet series...
Still working on chemistry...because my life rocks
easy as pie.
3
Visited HBCU Virginia Union, Richmond, VA.
Nephew, polisci major; future Q!
alright that last post is going to keep me way too hype.
do you know what he was wearing.
Ugh I hate English vocaaabbbbb.
what shirt might that be?
thunderstorms for the last 3 hours have kept my laptop unplugged, which means I'm actually reading instead of playing Torchlight.
I've experienced that a few times.
Unknown cause.
How come it doesn't feel lile it?
Meow good morning friends !
Library til god knows when 
I Want to Fucking Party and Get Fucked Up Man.
Its really unbelivable how the most ppl that have a twitter account is for jb or selena gomez..this show support for 'em :
Raining day so alternative exercise is chasing dust bunnies!
MY NIGGA .....THE GAME CAME OUT
Yayyyyyyyyy Tutoring soon
Who's chair is this?
Not my chair not my problem that's what I say
Loll.
I bet you're wondering why I'm asking youu stupid questions.
lol.
I just think you're cute.
:
tarus even though I'm Scorpio
Eli consistently leads the NFL in dumb face.
Congrats to the amazing brandnew district 33 Dane County Supervisor !!
Glad 4 ya pimp!!
U deserve it bra!!
Would it be a red flag if she was your girl tho?
Lol
also, , Having HPV is about as serious as needing contacts.
Have any of you seen Man of the Century?
It's phenomenal!
Love SVG calling out DHoward and Magic Execs about his coaching status.
Those two are like an old married couple.
Smith and Rinne may be the two best goalies in these playoffs going against each other.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back.
also your videos are amazing carly.
We will do whatever you want us to, to help make it happen!
But please make 8hrCicLAvia a priority!
Follow team follow back
sounds like an amazing w/end...beats 20 hours in an airplane any day!
Sorry Erin, guess I'm a free market purist.
;
5 Mile run in 37 flat.
7:24 average.
That is indeed a RUN, not a jog.
How fast can you do 1 mile?
What about 3.1?
mi big sister.
Is there any point to four square besides10 percent off at Scotty's
Made my first batch if puff puff
weird how their from Australia too haha
Trying to work a bit during the PowWow.
Old Town is very busy.
Unfortunately,I can't do all day.
Have a great Weekend.
wld love to see more of what it doing, need to do same here at some point, does ur stake have own Facebook pg?
Im so stupid 
And that trains, planes  freeways coexist in this area so why cant Solar Turbines and Fat City Lofts?
Shot the prologue scene today!
Great stuff.
It will all be revealed in an exclusive release february 17th!
Defense folded like a bad camping chair.
Everybody is unique I there own way right.
I'll bow out of this conversation for now, guys.
Thank you.
I'm sure it'll be fine  thank you!
Want me to ping you my email now or after the conference?
McGary hasn't done anything in this game!!
Hitler was Progressive too;; sicko
night night world 3
it's fine by me, if you never leave.
Follow me on instagram at:
Glad todays my last day:
Your Music is bumping hard in Brooklyn right now in my house TOUCHDOWN Yo Gotti tweet me back my G !
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ...
I can't hold it in
Its always the usual.
When ever I needa talk with someone about some problems there's no one here .
I've been productive for the last two days, I wrote 20 pages, combed my hair and smiled at a guy.
This is a sign of the end of the world.
Will be in and out of Twitter this week, as schedule permits.
: :
Third time's the charm.
it's perfection.
I'm pretty sure that nothin is going to surpass it.
I'm gonna have to get hella scholarships though.
have more fun.
trust the process.
don't give up.
Sup wit all deez new niggaz
Went book shopping today for the first time in 4 months.
Better than sex.
Getting ready to talk about the Halloween parade on with !
Tune in at 7:50 to hear about 's appearance.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE.
;
Friend moving to SEA looking for nonprofessort work.
Legal Aid atty for 8 yrs and wants to use her expertise for good.
Please DM or  me leads!
Probably better than House on the Rock  that'd give a kid nightmares for years!
I WANT BACKLIT KEYS!
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you look better with the lights off ;
we're about 20 miles along the San Diego Freeway to the Convention Center, let us know if you need anything else!
Missing: set of balls.
Last seen frozen somewhere in West Boise.
If seen, please call Nick.
your not alone, many others agree with you,including me.
some does but the rest is just blah blah blah they always talkin bout the south nd rodeo it annoying lol
That Awkward Moment In An Arguement When You Realize You're Wrong .
Yeah..
I'm totes going home to take a nap after this hour.
Any input on flying a couple days postop?
I think we're going to fly PDX to LAX next weekend.
How miserable will he be?
Stop by PA142 and say hi!
Omg!
I want a buildabear 3
state tax return?
RIDICULOUS MATCH!!
RT : Nadal is 25.
Djokovic is 24.
That's the best part of all.
This will happen again.
How was your trip?
I'm grilling tonight steaks, poke chops, Italian sausages and then ima turn up on this doctornk.
today's Earth Day?
nice.
:
Good history fact!
RT.
April 30, 1803  The U.S.
purchased the Louisiana Territory from France for 15 million.
Iran Navy sending Warships to Atlantic Ocean Near US East Coast and prepares Mass production of New Missiles.
That awkward moment when u look at a girl and realize u want the guy beside her
Cabernet makers need to quit wining
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
ff my new job crush.
tonight we'll go for le smoked spare ribs, light spring salad, and roasted rosemary potato.
Boom!
Love meat?
Get introduced to Churrasco, authentic Brazilian grilling coming to ColoradoSprings on 4/5!
RT : Enjoying 's art at
Thanks!
I really love your cover of Genesis' Dance On A Volcano'!
Here before the library even opens
Yeeah.
I think it's just one local section blogger having fun.
Did you see it on homepage or something?
Thank God.
Tell her I said hello ;
A musician goes to heaven.
St.
Peter says, You can load in through the kitchen.
that is awesome!
It was just a Thursday for me.
:
After reading Hargrove's declaration, one things is clear to me: Gregg Williams is a dirty SOB
Have fun tomorrow morning!!!
Had my coffee, had my kisses.from.daughter hubbie, now ready to ninja kick the day off right!!!
Thanks everyone  good night!
what comment?
Not one jazz person.
things went pretty good.
But things could be better.
Thanks for asking!
:
These people came to make sense, some of tennis from the world of cab.
???
congrats on 9/24.
RT : Stay tuned, fans!
The 2012 ACCB1G Challenge matchups will be announced today at 2 p.m.
ET!
Ditto.
Vday is just a big marketing scam.
mister Clark is so creaapy..
He literally just stares at girls..
Furyk's isn't a thing of beauty but results are sweet.
Why would the song imply that I know all the other reindeer but then ask if I recall the most famous of all?
Why wouldn't I?
RT RT Like many things in life, cruises are best when they're shared.
Ask your about group sales.
uh oh 0.o
RT Friend just told me she showed images from a lynching in class  a student honestly thought the man was bungee jumping.
RT : There is now nipple marks on our car..Sweden is always fun.
have fun at magic!
My aunts are there for scootergirls!
Go check out the booth.
Love and miss you!
wouldn't have missed it, pleased to be part of  banished!
history
All roads lead to WorldPremier HeadlinerFridays  tonight!
this party is known to be for NYC's elite only.
Yes we filled it.
Why?
Are you giving up on Uranus and moving to NY?
PrivatePractice Jake.
All day...
Jake.
I was liking him and Addison at first but now I want him and Amelia to hook up next season.
Now that line needs to be in some kind of promo : I'm paging the Marketing Department!!
May not be what you want, but it's what you need.
Sometimes the only way around it is to let love do it's work.
So go on; let it hurt
I Go after what life offers
can't complain...
Hella tired still doe
Sophie seems sad she has to wait another week to watch yoga rave.
I am also insanely excited to see The Vow this weekend with
Slept in a mummy bag with my leg brace last night.
It's a long, long story.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL I mean
People smoking around me 
And that was officially a not great first half for the Packers
Hydoctorzone your yard.
Group plants with similar moisture needs in same area to make sure they get the right amount of H2O.
Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble; Best to seek out a relative's open arms.
Author Unknown
I keep accidentally bringing up source code on web browsers.
Is that a sign?
you get an accepted offer on that mansion yet?
np Big Tymers  Real Big
Car review: Hyundai Azera  The Tribune
thanks for reminding me to twitter
Happy mothers day
omg was totally thinkin about him last night!
Welcome home.
Delete all.
Crazy weekend : ending my night with new video!
how was ypur weekend?
I was going to say the same thing.
that is soo me
Home Energy
You should come kick with with my homies and me today : we're gunna doctornk and smoke!
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT when you have a lemonade stand and a duck walks up to you and asks for some grapes..
that's right lol ....
what?
Lol anyways how was school?
:
Been relaxing all day, I love relaxing!
We've got power.
My uncle ordered me steak and Jack Daniels with Diet Coke, I like this :o
About to do one more, than I'll stop!
Thanks for the good info Paul.
like I did here, rather than putting their handle at the end.
When you do the latter, the tweet goes out to all followers.
FWIW!
Seems like Mother Nature really wants the OccupySeattle folks to quit camping on Capitol Hill.
Look at you.
Tweeting up a storm...
Off to the capital!
: absolutely grooving right about now
Enjoying my husband's govt holiday off!
Why can't you feel what I feel :/
Guys, just want to make sure we're not overlooking the big story today...
With gametime temps in the 80's, Jenny Dell has gone sleeveless.
My body is screaming TAKE YO ASS YOU SLEEP but my mind is wide awake
Hugs and happy early Mother's Day!!!
I hope you get to spend the day your favorite way.
lol I'm a strange one 
I Love you do HACKING much 3
Thanks for the FF!
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything.
Voltaire
Formulating plans to both author and illustrate a childoctorn's fable about intestinal blockage.
The Hat in the Cat.
Where my publisher at?
At sushi bar, chat up cute girls next to me, introduce myself, establish rapour but let em walk out the door w/o number
Time for another edition of BeerCode at the HQ.
Tonight.
7pm to 10ish.
Bring your projects, bring your beer, bring yourself.
Thanks for following me..
saw you got some shine on yahoo
Led Zeppelin2 tomorrow in Logan Square!
I'm gonna be so behind when I go back to school tomorrow omg
Epic.
Props.
thank you for the muppet movie.
Makes me feel like a kid again.
My 4 year old said it makes him feel like an adult again.
classy, man, classy
The church choir is amazing :
Many thanks for the kind words, mister Gore!
; To be fair though, I'd be utterly lost without the redhead.
Dexter Fowler, ladies  gentlemen.
Follow back
let me know how it worked please :
The true star of Hangover IIthe doctorg dealing monkey lol
Where's my shot at love with Tila Tequila?!
Death is surely a good trip because nobody has ever returned.
:
sure!
following ;
Just remember, single doesn't always mean lonely.
The same way relationships doesn't always mean happy.
I don't like this.
ok with all the crap I have to do today and tomorrow I am finally glad I can doctorve....
GET YO' BOP ON
Sitting in Vientiene, Laos having coffee at a French cafe.
I hope that when I sleep tonight with the window open the wind will blow my worries away.
Thanks everyone who came out to Nectar last night.
It was a BLAST!
i have felt the same way since i moved here
could you do me a huge favor  invite me to pinterest?
I tried to sign up over a month ago  haven't gotten anything yet!
loveu!
well, it's certainly heartening that you'd consider this an opportunity to grow your faith.
what can we do in VO community 4u
hope we see you in, pronto!
short Gold  910
States have a role to play in defining which courses are required for which credentials.
Current variation is too high.
Not even John Harkes now doing their broadcasts makes me dislike DCU more.
That's how much I already disliked DCUnited.
If you can't parallel park, don't doctorve into the city.
Maryland, I'm looking at you.
How about them apples RT: I wish I was as smart as will hunting
I really don't know what to do....
I really don't think there's a good choice ...
RT : Don't dig your grave with your own knife and fork.
English Proverb
Gotd My Progress Report Today I Gotd 2 A's Nd 2 B's I Mite Be Badd Butd Im Smart Though
is catching up with Richard on Ryan Deiss' brilliant Continuity Blueprint.
Just realized I'm in the movie TheBlindSide opening scene.
Seahawks team photo 69 center screen!!!
RT : Only 47 minutes left!
Be loud.
Be Proud.
BeMilwaukee and vote to help us win this social media event!...
One joy scatters a hundoctord griefs.
Chinese Proverb
I'm not surprised that Twitter wants me to follow Romney, but I am kinda shocked that follows him, apparently
I don't see why not.
I got 31 mpg;
For the love of Jesus, pull your damn pants up.
ditto, love.
I truly believe that your mama and my sis brought us together to love and support one another 3
Wishing I was traveling through some faroff, exotic place :
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing.
I do it because I'm doctorven to do it.
Bob Dylan
Sure I will and thx!
A star wants to see himself rise to the top.
A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top.
Simon Sinek
RT : We've got grilled cheese and bacon with homemade tomato soup at Cleveland Park tonight to take the chill off...
.
Let's face it, in 1 form or another, we're all going up in smoke.
Jim Nabors included.
I just wanna be in my big comfy bed...
Not doctorving 
The tarp!
No
out of context that might be the weirdest thing i've ever tweeted
Great, thanks for the earworm.
Swiftly flows the day.
Half day for me.
Forward all my calls to the nail shop, girl.
The MVP for the Rangers ?
The goal post
At the end of the day family is all we have so why turn on them?
What goes around comes back around my ppl.
Hey Leigh thanks for following, that motorcycle looks fun
nigga shut up u retarded!
that's an amazing song!
In 1746, JeanAntoine Nollet linked 200 monks with nearly a mile of wire to build a human circuit into which he discharged a battery.
and this Sunday in SF!!!
I'll run away with you if things don't go as planned.
Planning big could be a gamble, I've already rolled the dice
Smugglers busted on the highway to pitt...
time to get a kindle?
:
At the rate the Lakers are players they won't be able to touch OKC!
Got a new phone...
Yay!
:D
Love this!
: If we win the Jackpot in MegaMillions  we'll be giving the truck/business to our twitter followers.
:
watching the race Sunday?
u know it
Loving book 'Nonviolent Communication' Grt insights on how 2 connect, communicatenotes imprecision of language
I love the concept of Exergaming!
What are you working on in that area?
thatawkwardmoment when you go out to eat with your friends and you see your parents 
Ladies: If your bf tells you where he is/who he is with do you really think that he's trying to cheat on you?
He had friends before you.
Thanks Scott!
Friday, fullmoon tomorrow, spring fever...
Woo Hoo!!!!
What we forget is, we're not normal.
MEB
Watching all our warrior dash videos!
Ridiculous!
Hahaha
well we are brothers!
nobody ever believes us
you suck
Masturbate Monday keeps the stress away.
miss you love!
Def want 2 learn more.
Writing a cookbook  need help sifting through the legal side, trademarking, etc.
Any universities using wordpress as tool for engaging external constituencies?
?
One of my most favorite spots and so inspirational and motivational.
Thanks for the picture post!
Playahs!
I've got some NEWS and UPDATES for you!!
This year, in order to play, you will need the usual LIME GREEN bandana as well as...
Whoa.
Terry Francona, the ESPN baseball analyst.
'Twas only a matter of time.
.they don't..
About 41 of consumers are eating pizza once per week, compared to 26 two years ago, according to Technomic's Pizza Consumer Trend Report
you're a beast Kelly!
In a youcanfuckingdoctornkdaily kinda way!
Love reading all your shit!
:
at choral society.
alone.
i caddied for a guy that was righthanded, yet chipped  putted lefthanded.
He also carried a gun w/ blanks to scare geese
id rather have anything other than indifference from the stadium crowd.
its a new breed of fan i guess
Philly and Pittsburgh.
Santorum NOT ready for Prime Time!
pick one school and stick with it haha.
If you like ND football u like ND basketball or same with IU
Presentation done with, now just the final and we are done with this class forever!!!
haha ya bro, my line was making me so mad!
but we got this weekend bro!
we gotta want it and i know i do!
I like cornhill but still getting over Indian Food.Was tasty but waitress didn't understand anything  tried charin 20 extra
You could finally check that off my list : Easy sailing from here
ya know, girl.
Errrrryday!;
Thanks for the follow.
BTW, I'll gladly change my office if you've got another grand in your pocket.
Isn't that the post from a couple months ago?
Did I miss some new information?
Thank you for your message Ilaria!Soon everything will start.....
Is there a station nearby that I could use to bored your giggling train of nonsense?
Takes 14 innings..
But Sox take a huge one in NY.
Season comes down to a 3 game series vs Baltimore
: see you sooner than you think ;  What's your schedule like?
When will you be back in Florida?
be tryna hook me uo wit the ugliest girls lol
ah!3 I'm crying so hard right now!
Thank you3
With Trump endorsing Romney, that should be about it.
Obama may just as well quit.
Looks like a bright future for the very poor as well.
I really love it  it's trashy in a delicious way, and it's got so many fun plot twists and yada yada.
I love great late night Twitter banter.
Keeps things fresh!
been following you for years you are a great business man and creator
No worries.
You make excellent stuff.
Had the Szechuan peanuts again last Monday.
Happy happy hour snack.
Um.
This kid named Ted Poe keeps on yelling That's just the way it is after he makes a basket in gym class.
I'm getting a headache.
Congrats Bellevue Bulldogs, 2011 baseball champs!
casino, underrated.
Pesci was more of a badass in it.
Tough call though.
no mate I don't really have the body for it
like you put a bottle up there for safe keeping?
i dunno if i have told anyone this before, but, OMG I LOVE HYENAS!!
My pleasure and thanks for following back.
:
RT : thanks for coming to the offices today.
So much good stuff to do together.
Oh boy.
Keep us posted, and let us know if there's anything we can do, yes?
Excellent iMarketers event tonight with and Thanks to and team.
at the end of the day true love tells all .
its up to you if you want to hear and believe it .....
marry me?
Brrrrr Geoffrey is chilly this morning!
Ejection shouldn't matter.
It's not like Kobe was gonna pass Metta World Peace the rock anyway.
It was awesome hanging with my sis but now it's time to sleep.
right on!
Good advice!
How come when Steve past his son Hand didn't take over Apple?
Lacee is wet.
And she is PISSED.
still awake, huh?
doctornking coffee.
kind of bad.
i always forget.
Decoded Waiting to see Tom Hanks in this episode....
Marvin Gaye ' Chardonnay :
I think I have date soon.
Thanks for RT :
no clue how much i'm getting yet from the grad school  english dept.
so not sure if i can get more funding as an attendee
thanks for coming out!!!
As I expected, FirstTake was great today.
thanx Emily!
that was doing a guest gig...
Hey Guys would like to know when the games start and where ?
Can't wait to get more info !!!!
I miss my old songs...
3
O wait will be my Valentine forever....
Use the WIveGotTheStreets hashtag to say how you can reach out to WI voters oneonone  take back our state from Walker  his goons.
Thanks Paula :
Just now??: my grandfather passed away
you're in good company
Going to the store to get neosporin for the wounds that were afflicted during intramurals
sister's band competition today :D
Welcome to the weekend, what ever you are doing today make it a great one.
We are hard at work researching new recipes :
I would like to say that today I spend 140 on walnuts.
Just.
Walnuts.
That is all.
prob the 1billion he saved us over the past 10 months?
Are you planning an event in the new year?
Let us help you put together your next event!
Check out www.execcatering.com
Crooklyn and Bad Boys is the all time best for real!
Fun Fact for Wed: the First Family has to pay for their own food consumed in the White House.
Tired of poor and costly production and lighting?
JSL Production is a leader in tour and event production for CCM industry www.JSLPRO.com
Thanks , still owe you a message.
:
For those just joining us, nychunt.com is a cash hunt
ooh.
That'd be a sad makeup job for sure.
I don't even know how to do eye shadow.
:
Attended my first African Vegan buffet in BK tonight.
The food was AMAZING.
I'd be a vegan if Benoit cooked for me eeeerynight.
Doin some wedding shopping with my sister inlaw...shes getting married in 12 weeks...just now is starting to plan..who else has done this??
By Jesse Gissen Former Bad Boy rapper G.
Dep was greeted by his family and friends when he arrive
picks you up and lays you on the bed and i lay next to you giving you lots of kisses and wipes your tears away x
Good morning fam!
Been up for 3 hrs already.
: Best job in the world.
Haha!
I didn't realize Alex followed me.
I was like omg and he rt me.
I fully support this.
I'm not sure that this chicken is quite done.
Eating it anyway.
That's how hungry and tired I am.
If I don't post again, I might be dead.
I believe that the infusion of youth and energy, i.e.
Middlebrooks and Nava, has changed the attitude of the team for the better.
Completely agreed.
spare 3 min y'all are really black ppl yo don't cut it so close next time I try help y'all ..
Smh
The world is not nice
Awww...
thanks for watching!
Nightwalk is my favorite walk.
CHANCE TO WIN  tweet us your best thought or memory of your Mother  we will chose one RANDOM tweet from list of all entries at 9pm EST
well you should get rid of that app xD
hey ahole..I'm talking to you cc:
We are excited to be at your game tonight.
Hope you can stop by our table.
M Super Yummy Breakfast.
Slow cooked steel cut oats with, cranberries, blueberries, walnuts, almond milk and walnuts.
ah.
That's different from what I thought u were saying.
Yes.
Dearth of funding options for atypical students, learning styles
The Memphis Tigers join the Big East!!
MTown stand up!!
haha soo cute to see my brother playing in that band thing lol
You are the sky.
Everything else  its just the weather.
Pema Chodoctorn
Baby i'm like milk, i'll do your body good.
;
City with the most Rolls Royce's per capita: Hong Kong.
Ballin ass'
I love Marleana's family
my school talent show is on ur birthday!!
xD HappyAlmostBirthdayAlli!!!:
Going to NY Wednesday!
nice pic....lol at the guy in the background :
I love me some sody pop!
I don't think Eddie winslow smoked that much pot
can I be in the movie?
Spin class music was off the chain, which made the workout Awesome!
I mean, I will never use all of the 16gb.
With a new direction comes change, Rage QB and OPOY Mikey Bernal will not be asked to come back by the Rage
Being Happy doesn't mean that Everything is Perfect.
It means that you've decided to Look beyond the Imperfections.
Showstoppers and ppoppers, yall stop at the museum and check out the wonderful exhibit, Pecan Candy.
Curated by yours truly.
hahaha you taking it back on me wow i'mma see what i can do
Great mileage.
Congrats.
SomeoneIWantToMeet just so I can give him a big hug  kiss.
You have to let me know when you go to Dolphin, lol.
New album coming soon........
The General
My sis u tryin 2 make me tear.
U know I'm a softy  is my fam 4 life.
I luv u all 2 death.
Fam SupportStick2gether
On the real I'm sad AF I'm missing my football game tomorrow...
I know my girls gonna go up there and whip azz!!!!!
ATLANTAPHOENIX !!!
News flash!
Sometimes my period is not awesome.
Congrats!!!
Maybe a doctornk would be a bad idea!
:
I can and I will!
If you come and burn down my house with me in it, ill promo you.....
I think the fact is recognized that Proctor  Gamble has standards higher than mere money making Wm.
Cooper Proctor
ICantGoADayWithout Going to the gym thank god it's open today.
Packers Donalddoctorver DWTS...Yeah he was terrific!
DING DING DING I think we have a winner...
:D
Must be nice.
Spring weather all last week and expecting snow tonight.
KY weather is crazy
I am dealing with it myself...you're telling me that when you had 8 people coming at me...
'Swamp People' cast member dies of natural causes: A man who relies on insulin claims United Airlines and federal agents put his heal...
stealing my thunder and beating me to tweeting our quotes
I said good night
Thanks for the retweet love, once again, you are the best!!
Not only will we remember those we lost but we'll also remember the 102 minutes that changes our lives forever
Thursday is Girls Night Out!
Call all of your favorite ladies and come in to enjoy 5 specialty martinis!
Right on !
Still upset at last night's loss but it's friday so I'm happy
glad you enjoyed your McNuggets!
mi yodea in jewish fest auditions.
being heard is like fresh cool water to a thirsty soul.
Up and ready!!
love coco puffs, but I hate popo cuffs.
: 
Thanks for the RT, Glad to discover you!
My hand hurts if I don't move all my fingers as one unit.
Deaugh
grrrrl you should help me figure some stuff out!!
damn, this is going to be hard.
hard like my dick.
same taste on your lips.
nigga said wax on wax off, wax on wax off, wax on....
yes with each post fashioned in a way to achieve a desired response, if the response is vague enough the desired response will be achieved
I might be able to do Sunday evening...
Tonight is gonna be DOPE!!!!
I wouldn't expect that much out of an 8 year old.
There's too much misinformation online, Wikipeida is at least a known quantity.
Police activity; 3rd st tunnel closed northbound  southbound.
Police activity at 3rd and D St NW.
Please avoid, use alternate streets.
Happy Thursday!
Seems like a good day to do some community service or get involved.
Ah, the smell of makingadifference is so refreshing
the unexpected always proceeds the predicted
You're our new defacto GW2 guild leader!
Grats!
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther
Sara!
You should have made noise.
and I were there too.
Now watching the webs favorite film The Devil Inside.
Hey Twitterland, what's going on?
Officially Single
Luxe Essential SUMMER SALE is coming soon!
Sorry but your love of our cleavage just makes you a normal man.
;
My addiction on twitter is about to start !
following on soundcloud...I will follow that man anywhere he wanted me to go
People who think by the inch and talk by the yard deserve to be kicked by the foot.
Edwin Kneedler, Deputy Solicitor General, speaking this a.m.
as keynote at fllc12.
Great to hear how highly he values the DOJ librarians.
i know what you talkin about.
I think ima just have ruff sex or walk for like a hr after the bbyshower
smile!!
your on camera :...
shooting the human rights leaders!
He makes me so mad, Love that Donald was so upset hahaha packerspirit RT: Len is such a bum!!!
Seems that the squeaky wheel gets the oil.
No pictures?!
Had fun partying tonight
That last RT was an fyi for and maybe
is excited to learn when you google me in Puerto Vallarta mexico I come up the 3rd listing!!!
Maybe I will be spending my winters here!!
lol!
Cacti is his favorite though.
I swear its a guaranteed 2 if I take him by that cactus every morning.
Moderation is sophistication.
CG Philosophie.
Ya gotta Kamikazi on Em'!!!
Ha
Beach al day ;
A critic is a person who goes onto the battlefield after the battle has been fought and shoots the survivors
Happy Mothers day!
Thanks for the follow, Erin.
We're big fans of your writing  keep up the good work!
: How do I sleep through my alarms as often as I do and still function as an adult?
Yolo ; ps.
Made jello shots.
HELLO
ustream was really awsome i recored it for memories haha when will they next one be
Yay for accomplishing stuff!
Ya wanna come over  help me sort out my new place from my move?
haha!
Fun filled days here now!
Yeah, after watching a whole EJ BBC special last night, you'd think I could at least remember to give him credit for his crap!
ACL live w/ Widespread Panic
interesting....
Apple going as green as granny smith
Great days ahead for madisonville Westwood eastwalnuthills w
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform.
Vote for Ross this Tues!
Had a great time decorating session with family.
Buddy you have very nice staff.
Thanks for a great time.
They need to stop talking shit that aint even true.
lol, you're slow.
Hey!
I recognize some people in that video!
lol
Believe me bro...I understand.
His joints tend to do that.
LOL...Maybe yall can link up...
Ugh, so disappointed.
:
Get RelocateTheCoyotes trending!
RT this tweet!
Reaction to Madonna halftime entrance: HOLY CRAP!
SHE'S SHERA!
Nice!
Good for him.
Yo Yo what's up doggy what's good big homie?
Superpsyched for my shoot tomorrow with the fantastic !
NO LIMIT  PAT FORD
Glad to hear!
We think it's a really useful tool!
Anytime!
Happy Friday.
have to agree
So who wants to see what Andare has been working on?
You will never guess what it is...
Just got boots for 8.48.
hahaha he would knock my ass out lmao
i'll text you later about it.
My mother always told me you can never know it all so never spend it all !
Thanks MOM TonyCav So I always save some for a sunny day
Eat cake!
I just looked at the Leafs roster and they have 3 Americans.
Also, JML is American?
Since when?
paint a wooden chair?
I passed ya ass today and I waved this time 
Treat yourself to our lunch specials today: beefmushroom soup, lemonherb chicken w/mashed potatoessalad, or chicken 'n biscuits w/fries!
Do you know your both from the sticks.
you and I both!
Did you see the video?
Because I'm trying to tweet it but for some reason it's not showing on yfrog.
I don't want church as usual or a mundane Christian walk, I want Divine Intervention!
God have your way!
Baby u light up the world like no body else......
One benefit of the indie life  I rarely get sick any more.
care package to cali ASAP lol cupcakes and cookiieess!
i wonder if cupcakes would survive the mail haha
This borndigital sesh is bumpin'
Hope all is well Redskins Fans!
No worries, Los Angeles.
This wind is just me practicing my Fus Ro Dah.
No biggie.
that sucks.
Bisping landed more strikes to the back of the head than he did to legal targets.
Hey everybody do you know what's hiring any good job out there im tired of the one I have
RT : People saying B , You should be a preacher , Like I told em far back , I'ma be a teacher
A person who truely loves you Is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes in the smile on your face..3
EXACTLY!
To them compromise is even a dirty word
laying hur reading all my old messages !
' they bring back so many memories !
can't wait to check it out today!
was getting 1.4:1 on his .
His hnd nvr ever any good vs me w my stck size  his propensity to 3 bet...knew precisely how he'd play
Obama can't win on samesex marriage, even among his base: Looks like he just followed Biden's lead.
NYTimes survey reveals wide skepticism
Happy Easter everyone
You guys if It says that I unfollowed you I really didn't my account did.
What's it gonna be?
: There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
Josh Jameson
Happy thanksgiving to and :
i'm trying to find that mexican song from the radio but i can't..
D:
Well in my country we are being torn between are loyalty to are long time allies and the tweets are keeping us awake sigh...
is there any way i can search for instagrams where other users have tagged me?
1,100 some web pages built in the past week, only 730 more to go...
I heard that too!
1ThingAboutMySelf is worth 2 things about yourself
closes by thanking the hardworking bmorehistoric volunteers.
i need an extra day in the week an extra hour on the clock just to show you how beautiful you are.
You are so good to me.
3
What's your favorite restaurant in Louisville?
Tweet us at
Love my man cant wait till our wedding May 18, 2013 so in love.
I love a good thunder storm on a hot Summer day!
If You Cut Somebody Off Going 10 Miles Slower Than Them You Deserve To Crash.
What about doofus?
I get that a lot.
Photos went well.
Now to write up press releases...
Anybody know some local writers, bloggers, media contacts, etc.?
Wishing I was being fucked by a bodybuilder and I could suck on his nipples while he fills my ass full of his cum...
Uh oh  this can't be good 
I like that Bristol Palin is blogging about traditional marriage.
I'm going to use my English degree and start one about particle physics.
Glad we had that blood doctorve in the building a while ago.
GiveBlood Host
Am trying to get excited about Snow Leopard, but it's not that sexy.
I guess I'll settle for calm satisfaction, which doesn't suck.
Jay, I'm pretty sure you promised us if you had a daughter, you were gonna call her Brooklyn Carter.
Ha!
You're welcome!
Louisville!!
After and tonight come rage at Hideaway with and !
Music till 4am!
It's so good.
Admit it!
RT : Watch out is breaking out in song during the break
About to eat the hottest pepper in the world.
Registered  Excited to learn!
The photos for the new book about trade and integration MERCOSUR are done!
I'll post them on Monday :
Where are all the moths??
Architect Beverly Willis inspires as she asks us 2 Imagine what it would be like if women could design half of our environment.
To whom much is given...
omg grace it's heaven.
My all time favorite song is More Than This.
Great meeting/dinner with friends from tonight.
Looking forward to see them all at TheNetworkJFGW event on Oct 13.
Have u RSVPed?
It's a fully operational battle station.
I love walking into places and being told your eyes is low and u smell like a pound.
I'm like good..
bitch...
Mission
RT : Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you.
I'm around for good I has some travel to PGH but I work in MD
A paywall like DMN's is the equivalent of saying trust us, we're great.
Dear X, thank you for the guest post offer.
We feel content should create more value for the reader than the writer.
Don't offer again.
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the professorssion but fitness level.
So excited for some much needed girl time with my girls hottubparty :
I know I'll be there, I'm just worried I'll nod off and doctorol on my tie!!
The more talented a person is, the less they need the props.
:
Sounds like great mix, except you're missing one important piece: Pilates!
Thinking about pulling the trigger on em?
doctorpItLow I love dancing to this song 3
no smell, no tell scotch
lets celebrate!!!
: xoxo
Who vandalizes a monument?
For real though.
That's so disrespectful.
Upcoming show Sat, May 12 in Brooklyn.
More details soon.
Definitely don't want to miss.
ooh, don't hate!
xD yes If but in twitter i speak only english xD
EXCELLENCE IS A SEED PLANTED IN DEDICATION, WATERED IN DETERMINATION,  PICKED IN COMMEMORATION
: May I ask what city you are in, and do speak to groups?
Eric Alan Radio South Africa interviewed Roseanna Vitro this morning..The Music of Randy Newman  Motema Music
dont get me started.
Shouldn't the WordPress link in the footer of your site be pointing to .org and not .com?
:
Attended a fun seminar on typography  fonts today.
May start buying up fonts.
Breakfast with eryn at the flying star!!
Happy birfday dwayne
you aren't crazy, we just don't speak on what's going through our heads.
Agreed,not very clever at all,as well as counter productive.
Thing is our own pro equality allies are using it as a homage .
Trend setter.
You the copy type
I vote for Botanas!
The Possibility Factor Prayer Journal is your 30 Day guide designed to build hope and increase faith Order NOW on KINLDE...
where do you live ?
For taxpayers, not a moment for cheers RT : Cheers: Maryland's state lawmakers will be returning to Annapolis
RT : HubSpot users  today's InboundLearning webinar is about the Advanced Landing Page tool.
Join us at 2pm ET ...
Aw im bored its raining and im hungry..!!!!
Even though i jus ate BOY AM I A PIGG..!!
Lol
I've been blessed with the best writing an production team in Atlanta.
I give all the glory to god for them.
doctorAMTEAMDONTSLEEP!!!!!!!!!!
Leave it up to to pull off a kickass theme song.
dude I'll be back 2morow my momma shit on my life nd made me stay home : I feel so weird not bein with one of u guys lol
: I want to see the finished product....whatcha making hey lady I will soon!!
:
: Niggaz Fronting Knowing Damn Well they'll Smash every chick in the Pics u putting up!!
Damn Shame
thanks, love!!!!
i havta pee...
your awesome Trinity!
;
haa well my whole day is ruined
In Going To Take It Slow This Time.
why is that?
What is 's position on enviro, LGBT, education, guns, trains, etc?
Don't know enough about him.
LOL nice, indeed.
It's quite nice, actually.
If they nag, you can just mute 'em.
;
Rome, Rome, Rome, Run, Run, Run, Well, Well, Well, sick, sick, sick.
Also, happy for u about the interns!
You def need the help
that's what's up!
2 all of the Powerful Ppl in real life ..
FYI ..
When U look around  every 1 is not only uncomfortable but horrified by U ..
Right?!
It's so good.
I've done some of the series on there myself.
she shouldn't pisss off her fans!
backlash RT : wonder is she seriously deleted her account gonna try again 
: I like you but i dont know what to do just let David know
Ah, now there, that's a good call.
Nice.
Oh, okay.
How was it?
What did you end up wearing since you said you weren't doctorssing up?
Discovery: chocolate chip pancakes are pure awesomeness when you add strawberries  Mom's day/2nd Sunday Gospel brunch
The Lord of the Rings, where is Frodo?
what is it with e town guys and nc...first dean smith, bowyer, Ty and you ..
We're all excited about the excellent incoming class to the MA program in DH at Loyola.
As if HKIGH are playing a club in my shitty little unknown northeast garbage town, that is pure amazing
I would like to smoke
You are so flawless.
Uh oh, bible camp opened up and the sds agnostics are confrontational...
Thanks for the follow!
Wish you'd published my recent blog comment on the interview with Julia Chuang.
you should totally do it!
I definitely wanna run it, although a zombie would be kinda cool
: So glad my Patriots doctorfted some boys to beef up that D.
Superbowl ring 4 comin to ya Tom!
Patsdoctorft  not happening
I need a picture of my fo's  I for my senior scrapbook!
Kentucky is throwing down some good dunks today.
Pity the Beautiful new poem, new book of poetry by Dana Gioa USC Writers conference
sweet.
Just make sure you finish that beer for me!
word I'm gonna check it out
RT if you love One Direction3
Why the hell don't you start the show with Sheep Dog trials?
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there!!
Hate it when cops ride my ass and I can't break check them.
can't wait to see julian on abdc!!!!
me too!!
It's doctorving me crazy right now!
BreakingNews: Andoctorw Luck will also be picked first in the , , and doctorfts.
Monday monday yeah yeah yeah
Just looking for something real.
Girl who smoke
The awkward moment when the answer to a math problem Is 69.
I haven't gained a single follower in the past two days.....
NoOneCares  but if you do follow me, InstantFollowBack 3 soo Hmu!
Follow Friday
yay fathers day
Hope all the guys that crashed tonight are okay!!
Love yall
: The other was interesting, too, actually...
bahahaha that text inspired the thought.
fuckoff froggy, I'm doctorving
And I say this despite my conviction that Obama has been a terrible President.
There's a diff btw ...
CD Release party for Shannon at the Fine Line, come check it out!
Getting ready for awesome cooking class with chef josh !
is selling my cd and vinyl by the name of Letter Box  Buy local!
Gettin baked  this weed dispensary called CANNABLISS with my boo thang
hell yeah matey!!!
I'm a rockets fan.
But since they aren't in it, I wouldn't mind seeing Kobe, Durant, or Bron win it.
Syracuse looks like they want to go home.
Spaghetti Dinner Fundoctoriser Location:Fayette Plateau VoTech Center Time:11:00AM Saturday, August 28th
it's not very good but whatever lol.
Lori's is way better than what I can do.
LOL my night has been made
agirldeserves Good Love Rocken knocken Boots All Night Long
El after!
Good morning all!!
How are you all.
PIANO IS LONLEY.
TALK TO ME.3
I have to quote mister Rogers today because,It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood.
Sunny, Sunday.
Lmao man what happened to that guy?!
Watching B.A.P.S love this movie!
Whenever anything disagreeable or displeasing happens to you, remember Christ crucified and be silent.
Saint John of the Cross
birthday tomorrow :
we think of it as our library, not my library or their library.
Campus Superstar is thrilled to announce as a judge at our Carnegie Music Hall on April 1, 2012 at 7:00pm!
Don't miss it!
I totally agree!
I am imagining myself in the suit, I think it would be very eye opening!
Sounds messy.
I'm in.
yeah thank you
well happy birthday!
Hope you have a good one :.
We will have to get together after the holidays for a cocktail to celebrate!
Hello do you know of any lunchtime weekday group rides?
Or else would've breaked lose .
My own place of work stopped following me again
results are from a Web survey done by a major jobsearch website in Taiwan, samplemembers of the job search site
Going to trivia night tonight?
Be sure to post pictures  banter to AdworkersTrivia.
Good luck!
It's gloomy outside.
So hard to get out of bed.
Apple to unveil iCloud and new iOS, Mac software  CNN
Speaking of , if you don't follow this wonderful, witty lady, you're missing out.
There's no better Packers ambassador, either!
Aw shucks.
We love you too!
InterceptionGiants Yeah giants , Screw you TomBrady We GOT THIS
We'd like to acknowledge all our new followers from the past two days with a high paw to each of you.
Welcome to the FreeHand Corps!
Thanks everyone , hope you have a great new year and a jammin day !
lol.
why u yelling?
Seems like the Fords are plenty strong, but I wouldn't count out the Chevy's
just been looking for jobs.
How was the move?
I would say..esp.
when performing/playing, extra strings...Martin brand strings no less.
Nothing but the best...and a capo.
Rosie needs her own show!
She is amazing!!
Our work is cut out for us!
Its a big day in ERISAworld: final feedisclosure rules, 2 new sets of proposed IRS regs  stmt.
dont know what ur missin ...
the hood where REALITYHAPPENS real people not being pretentious and fake
not sure what you mean by respecting or the fight.
Maybe if you didn't stay out so late, threatening to shiv some bitches...
I never get anything done nowadays cause I'm always on twitter.
no.
We also wore nike high tops.
Christina Agulera looks so much better with her hair down and straight.
too bad only like 40 people went and like 10 were 8th graders..
Gone world I'm in alien
please follow me 3
Damn I'm mad Boston lost.
Good Morning Denver!
Just signed two new musical artist to perform at the ShineYourDivine event in June!
Releasing all info soon!
I've never had that one.
What kind of salt do the use?
Thank you so much for adopting Molly and giving her the life she deserves!
My son just broke the glass front on his iPod touch, anyone know the best repair solution.
Best  least expensive.
In everything we do, our own thoughts can help us succeed, or they can help us fail.
Maintain a positive attitude.
.
i'm gonna tie you up with a bow 
Just enjoying the sun in DC!
Happy 1st Day of Spring tomorrow everybody!
damn right!
My guy
Dont be black and play ball with Hispanics they get mad if your natural talent comes out.
we wish you would have been there too!
Maybe next year.....
if segel is in another rom com I will fucking kill myself
it's like peanut butter and chocolate for B2B marketers!
I wanna sleep again .
how are you, BTW?
It's been ages we don't write.
Are you still in HK?
I read one of your short stories some time ago  loved it.
And with that scoreless inning, Kevin Gregg's ERA is now reduced to 21.89.
doctornking an Ommegang Seduction and watching a Bad Girl's Club marathon.
I can't help but love trashy TV
No it's fine LIRR, make 10 extra stops this morning..
I don't have anywhere to be or anything..
damn i forgot about that
Come warm up with some coffee or soup and enjoy a day of Playoff Football!
As always HAPPY HOUR is all day, everyday!!!
fb.me/cablecarpub
Day 3 of P90X.
The hatha yoga was much more difficult then I ever expected.
Long road ahead, but will be worth it.
How silly of me to try to check the Apple store website on the morning of a major product launch ...
Louisville very tight
Thanks for mentioning us a few times on your website!
We've noticed quite a few of your visitors signing up.
Working on a release schedule widget showcasing upcoming theatrical  DVD releases.
Any parties interested in trying it out?
Thank you!
Success is contagious  surround yourself w people who will make you better.
The only place we have to see before we die is the place of seeing God.
And His presence is everywhere for those who slow to see.
I don't know how this happened but yesterday at practice we rocked out All The Small Things.
Whoa!
You have such good taste!
Queue up!
I want to go to there.
via Nueskes: LuLuBayView Today's Soup is Beer Cheese made w/Nueske's Bacon, Riverwest Stein,  Wisconsin Cheese!
Please refrain from nuance except in the privacy of your own home.
Trying to get some more overtime in this week.
Yay time  a half!
You are so brave.
No Highbury updates yet but lemme know when you and soccer are there and I can be too.
Eric Fingerhut.
It's not about credentials, it's about skills.
Gotta always remind myself think before I speak
Zombie books!
gorgeous day outside
yes it is
That makes no sense!
Lol.Going through my timeline.
Augs, you're such a bitch.Haha.
Other people seem to think so,cause I lost followers.You're fired.
: covering RT : Kobe Bryant now covering James Harden.
LOL
I hate when you have the lights on  your eyes will barely stay open, but when you turn the lights off to go to bed your not tired anymore.
well I'm not allowed to use my cam..
Actually, Heracles is the Greek spelling, and Hercules is the Roman spelling.
It's not really spelled wrong.
Coffee.
The most important meal of the day.
Remember me?
I still own you a 100 dollars
Way to go girl!
Look at you!!!
you guys should do a gifboom before you leave!
I Aint Gone Lie Imy And I Still Love You Baby Can You Take Me Baqk Please Crosses Fingers Lol....
:
Just got done putting on all my makeup.
:D
This is not the move
TwSIG Natural impulse to be both introspective and to share that.
Very human impulse to think about it, and share with others.
Been a fan since you were a gay car thief on
CUTE3 there was never a time that you werent CUTE3
It's better to have loved and lost than to live with an idiot the rest of your life :
.
pen pals
Sig line on a music forum I saw: Ask yourself What Would Ren and Stimpy Do?
Man, do I love that!
Shoutout to my brother who is officially engaged!
enjoying a great conversation with a client right now!
Together we will float like angels
boat tomorrow3
congrats on winning TheVoice Truly deserved.
Body marked up like a subway in harlem.
I can hear your heart, crying out for me !
In my terrible singing voice :
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook sometimes the website i use for free slightly changes its layout after warning me months in advance
Yes I don't feel like a lot has happened, but maybe it will pick up the pace soon.
Why don't you like Simon?
Its good to see Letang back on the ice!!
Getting my nails done with  3
Potassium iodine pills to avoid imminentnuclearcatastrophy?
No need.
I do lipo.
Late but delivered: Emergency Press Conference regarding the Labor Day Parade shooting Brooklyn Borough Hall Wed, Sept 7th
Who's watching USA vs.
ALG right now?
Where are you watching it?
We're looking for ppl's fav.
spots to view WorldCup matches
MA Tip of the Day Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned.
Many issues can come up to plan is crucial...
All businesses have delivery needs.
The question you need to ask is how dependable is your delivery service??
www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
Tryna Play Me?
?
Not Easy
Any guesses on how many teens in crisis stayed at our shelter last year?!
Follow back??
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeye's over that bitch wendy.
The funeral is at k.f.c.
You going?
Im taking the subway
I love new places to try!
Bigger MLS win: Impact's victory at SKC, or depleted RBNY escaping LA  their 3 DPs with three points?
People who do things just for attention 
Fuck I got cambridge
another opportunity to bring out the brooms.
let's go !
I want Julie Andoctorws to deliver all my bad news to me.
Getting fired or a family death never sounded so magical.
Seeing ourselves as others see us would probably confirm our worst suspicions about them.
Franklin P.
Adams
wtf O.o why so late
I guess I'm more a follower than I realized.
glad they listend to your advice about river crossings!
lol were is your boyfriend?
i was at practice...
SUCH A GANGSTRESS..luv it!
'Is it possible to work with me and not fall for me?
I jus wanna make this music money.
lol.
I'll b back b4 u know it
I was going to make another chemistry joke, but all the good ones ARGON.
Forever when it come to bowltrain, but is killin it!
I'm religiously confused...
o.e
like that lmao!!!
Mine and Carlos' pinky promise  
What is the one thing you musthave in your luggage when traveling abroad?
Everybody wants to be famous, I just wanna be remembered.
thanks for the ff love!
I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 31:51 with Nike GPS.
Hmm, not really...
Made it to Madoctors, OR.
Wonderful folks here!
Overall I have to say  people are amazing!
Did you mean Adam Dunn?
We have to buy out that contract somehow, and that is a genius idea.
don't look now but lakers are about to find themselves in a real series
Get to your television tonight.
SwampPeople is on!
Smells delicious in the bakery today!
What's your favorite baking smell...peanut butter or chocolate?
From the movie Hook, I'm big to 10 year olds
In live you must live the success before it happens, think it, believe it, love it, know it.
Suddenly your living it
In every moment, clearly see the sword of mortality that hangs above your head at all times, and you will truly enjoy your life.
first day of Rabbit Hole  very nervous and very excited!
kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Tue, May 15 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
Practice Safe Sex...Go Fuck Yourself.
Now that's a shirt you don't see everyday.
One of the Hunger Games' biggest lost opportunities?
The score!
The music did nothing for the film.
CAN'T BELIEVE  SCREAMTOURNYC IS TOMORROW!!!!hjruwhdwkju
chillin and you
alliwantforxmas is everything from
Is it Summer Fridays yet?
: We did get into publishing for a reason...
Watching all of the bond movies in order.
At least the ones with Sean Connery in them.
Diamonds Are Forever now
I believe I have the Lulu figure back at the house.
Those MASSIVE figures, right?
My wife claimed it, but I might have another.
PSA: if you want to do business, start with someone's business email or phone.
Not with a Facebook message or text on personal cell.
Just like they say the best hoopers ain't in the NBA, the best rappers ain't famous...
RT Is man one of God's blunders?
Or is God one of man's blunders?
School was okay today.Could of been better though.
Sigh ...
Ive been awake since 4am ...
might as well go ahead  get workout done huh?
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great day!
It's about time!!!
Aramis Ramirez HR 1 for the Brewers.
That was no cheapy.
Boom!
I wuvvv you;
Investors wanted for Indie doctorma.
Budget is fully broken down.
Plz review our Business Plan.
Demo footage is ready.
All we need is 200k.
If I had the chance to smack my brother in the face with a shovel I would..

all i want is for you to tell me everythings gonna be alright.
Can't wait to see what you two come up with this time.
u and both!
; Chipotle is awesome!!
I never thought I'd say this but there's too many marshmallows in my Lucky Charms 
i gotta split soon.
who wants to doctorve to seattle with me?
doh!
how'd I miss you there?
Go Lou!
Helping us make Gone!
Thank you SO much  you're the best in the world!!!
Do you ever make it back to Madison for a Badgers game?
It's nice to see you former Badgers doing well in the pros.
Positive news they moved up the field now they are down two key olayers
you are coming over Tuesday!!!
No discussion.
It is happening!
And we are making cookies probably :D
it is so good!
Does the trick on sunday afternoons
My body heals extremely fast
i can dance an sing this away.
i can be like fuck that nigga.
i just choose not to.
Don't judge me.
i'm still a thug
I hear you're blowing up FB about sports bets.
How about you pay off more of your debt?
Don't make me find you again.
I'm sorry I've neglected you, Twitter.
No more Foursquareonly updates.
Promise.
Plus, how else am I going to use my skills.now?!
sucks don't it?
Feel better!:
I hate when I want to retweet something, but the way its typed annoys me.
Every day is a day.
You don't need power to have an opinion, or to do what's right.
Anyone have any experience with using glue in their mouth?
me too!
think I'm gonna see it anyway, but still disappointing
I love pinterest bc it gives me ideas for recipes, clothes, decorations, etc.
It's addicting!
What do you all think about Google 's new look?
Mom love music?
Take her record shopping!
Enjoy her favorite songs with her!
Memories last longer than flowers.
thank you for your kind words during this difficult time.
Going to my first sleepover conference this week.
What important thing should I put in my suitcase?
For whoever wants to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for me will save it Luke 9:2324 HEi
thanks and happy Easter!
obsessed with my new kingsizedbed starfishing every night
Branding mistake made by musicians: being unique in an area that is not relevant or considered valuable by others
Smh I'm getting irkked.
I wanna go home!!!
I hate when I don't doctorve
booking travel is still a horrible experience.
someone please fix.
Ran into jkrowling today.
Perfectly executed an awkward glance in her direction, snickered internally, then mumbled
Next race will be the Madison to Chicago 200 miles relay this Friday.
We have a team of 11 runners, and it will take about a day to complete
I will!
Thanks!!
Blues guys don't retire, they just doctorp  on NewsHour
People who put headphones on while doctorving are stupid.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you really are.
Bernice Reagon
Feel the 3 RT : bWe're spending it together!
:
that's what's up.!
I know you balled out so no need to ask..
BOGO at Edibles bar tonight, with a surprise guest bartender !
What are words if you don't really mean them when you say them ?
d'aw: he's so sweet!
haha i always think the best covers will be the old ones
But its gotta have benefits, living wage, and the golden ticket: stimulation.
Something that challenges me.
Thats why I did the phd
I should eat, but I'm not hungry.
Only I've got a friend convinced I have an eating disorder who's checking my diet like a hawk...
'The Net' must be really confusing for millennials.
ok :D
ask your dentist but I bet local is okay and they'll know about delaying wisdom teeth removal
Looking forward to seeing our factoring friends  meeting new ones this week!
Huntington Beach is a perfect location for
dayum haha well that was expected
Kate...why did you just send me the link to one of your exboyfriends youtube videos?
I dont care:b
Rondo: Look at us will be fine!
doctorps mic  walks away
That awkward moment when you're talking and you realize no one cares about what you're saying...
married his best friend two years ago today, but it has been 30 years of living together.test ifttt
this post by is by far one of the funniest things he's ever done...MUST read
Now they have a Trevor project commercial!
Watching glee late...
lol
you can custom build one, open up pandoras box
Calories are just little tiny creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little bit tighter every night.
none of the graphics are showing on my account all the avatars are blank in TweetDeck and Linkedin too.
Any ideas?
When there is love, the possibilities are endless.
My insecurities could eat me alive.
Where did you acquire such impossible gossip?
Hey Saints fans, fry some more food.
This is going to be a fun night.
I wish some people actually thought about what they were going to say before they start spurting more nonsense

a fine 2B and reportedly a great dancer!
hadn't really thought about it yet.
Are you looking for a FireWire audio interface?
GOD BLESS
Whoa!!!
Perks, somebody gettin a iPhone.
Btw, that somebody is me.
Yea
RT : .
' session will be a tactical look on how to utiliz events to source candidates.
SourceCon 
Local ACLU raises concerns regarding recall petitions, saying process could jeopardize domestic Violence, stalking victims.
can do no wrong.
Theres never enough time to do all the nothing you want.
Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes  via ...
and it's so true!
I can't even rub 2 pennies together.
Smh.
Why is Sunday Funday trending.
I hate Sundays.
your not?
:o
only free evening this week!
must be busy!
You've heard it a million times before, but it's absolutely true  hard work pays off.
Practice doesn't make perfect, it makes sense.
ACTUALLY!!!
he confirmed it..lol
Over here watching Little Bear with Adoctoran .
lol HEs really into the Tv he hasnt made a single noise yet lol.
follow me and i can dm you back.
Looking forward to first ever WPT series in Jacksonville tomorrow !!!
www.jaxpokerroom.com for schedule.
Was jammed there today !!!
Now you're feeling more scholarly I hope 
Nope sorry .
icantgoadaywithout working on 's projects.
it's a 24hr job.
I'm a pretty pony.
Hoping we get to party tonight.
lol what can I say!
1st interview went good now waiting on second interview!
I read her whole site.
Tears!
Made some chocolate covered strawberries!
who wants some?!
That sounds like a sweet start to Saturday.
notre dame looks decent this year golic.
lol!
minordetail well i'll probably be at the airport by the time you land!
Yay!
Seems like the only caring  thoughtful thing I can do Micha!
Fasho n I'm FUCKIN wit gotti when he touchdown n MILWAUKEE...N GUCCI WHEN U COMING TO MILWAUKEE
Social Media Marketing Tip: Learn to write a headlines that make people want to read the rest of your article
real fans can't afford the seats!
what r Pobs?
not that I am a bitter loser mind u.
LOL not me...:
Holy cow!
You've got some heavyhitters on that team, TLE.
Awesome!
Bookmarking yer trailer...
Where did you get the EP?
Me too!
RT : So excited for the Tech11 craziness today!
has twitter shit just got serious
and earthquakes  Tiger Woods but I couldn't make those fit the photo.
Yep sure is better than plain old yellow.
IDK why but I really got nothing else to talk about my brain is still fried from
have you made it to the playground yet?
very humble by the help.
Had a random doctoram about ..
Creepy.
But he's sexy;
and if that doesn't work you can just slap them.
Dear train I have a play to see tonight can you please move?
Thanks.
We just launched the beta version.
I will keep you posted when we go live.
Thanks for the support!!!
Catching Someone In A Lie
Why'd you leave?
come on!
Nice meeting you too,  thanks for refollowing.
Would it be less intimidating if I had said five feet twenty one inches?
Happy mothers day to all those moms out there!
why are you getting so fat?
Sushi with my soul sistahs
amazing!
scarlett johanson does all her own stunts and its really impressive, well written and quite funny :
I don't have an attitude problemYou have a problem with my attitude....That's YOUR problem, not MINE!!!
My third leg will be inspired by  tri shoes and a backwards hat.
14.9 miles start in about 2 hours.
Tony P: Lots of trees down in the Heights neighborhood of Houston.
Residents surveying damage.
You gotta believe in something 3
Well damn, let's go !
agreed!
It's a new era  : Love how Braxton and Kenny did the big boy doctorll before the game!
Thanksgiving is the only time my whole family actually sits at a table to eat dinner.
oo
Espresso just might be the best thing that's not a musical instrument.
yesterday my daddy bought me a life size cardboard cut out of justin bieber.......best daddy ever
Republicans priority list: Massive tax giveaways to Americans wealthiest ranks just after an allconsuming desire to defeat President Obama
Loffler Takes Leadership Role in Client Support of Canon uniFLOW v5.1 Fleet Management Solution

Thanks for correction!
We'll tweet again!
Want San Diego wine lovers to know about your wine storage facility.
The lakers on that bs 2nite dam Kme on!!!
I think you win on the Southern Fried review.
;
have fun and doctorve safely.
We'll miss you.
beach tomorrow!
I'm a ghost so I'm loading up on sunscreen!!
Feel like SkypingIt Anyone down?
:
ate what up
whoops notified
at the hookah bar with and having my long needed night out on the town...
time to get fucked up!!!
:
lmao I guess
Had a call back in new Orleans for a great role in hours starring paul walker.
Didnt get to role , but thankful for the opportunity !
Where can I listen some of your Music?
We are looking to put a DJ on our Sakiri Vodka site.
May we can ad your music to site!
Today, I Googleimage searched placenta pills ...
bad idea.
come over now before I finish all the food, haha.
yo  on parts de of problem 2  what's the difference in input we provide for direct vs.
fully associative?
Dancing my  off!!
Relieving of stress!!
Sweating it out the pressure is the best way lol...
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
Is it worth the upgrade to IPad 3?
and then I think of Klein having to try to do that...
And laugh, laugh, laugh.
:
Goodbye Cruel World
Twitter seriously has way too much doctorma on it tho'..
.
tonight's gonna be a good night.
cuz tonight is Underground  the wesley.
come and worship with us!!!
8:07pm
Great testimony from students on SB 762 allowing more flexibility for high risk charter programs.
We support bill as well.
ctrlaltdelete, username, password, browser, url, left click, right click, security questions, why his wage slip was online now .
I started getting advertisers offering me  to plop their ads onto my blog.
The range goes from 300  2,000.
Lots of haggling room.
Hmm..
What's your doctornk for Ken Burn's Prohibition?
Mine's Evan Williams neat and Arcadia Ales Witsun
chicken kitchen for lunch !
thats that ishhh !!
Follow back Little monster!
That IS a pretty bitchin' party.
haha that's fine just glad to hear from you.
Have a great April too!
Nothing's better than getting wet in the rain.
Tay Your Right :D
LOL I don't know what to think about that....
A true relationship is when you can tell eachother any and everything..
no secrets or lies
The next APS Holiday is coming up!
Music a la Mode our musicfocused day camp is a GREAT alternative to doctorggin' your kid to work!
PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTS: 25 OFF THIS WEEK!!!
FINALLY!
If they mention you before a break, that means you're soon.
Ish.
I take naps...
i am getting excited about pbl but anxious that my being a new teacher plus a high poverty setting may make it ungraspable
You do this super cute thing where you dont respond to my texts for hours.
Adorable.
cool, let me look at my schedule and I'll get back with you on Monday
follow me alex 3
how do writing and teaching work together?
I might, but it's not looking entirely likely.
:
I think I can use the idea of defamilarizing in acting
My dad is leaving to New York and New Jersey tomorrow : for like two weeks..
I never want to meet you I like things the way they are
RT  My guess: There are more Florida alums in the overall Dolphins fan base than there are Miami alums
Wedding doctorss shopping this weekend!
Hope it's a success.
I decided to research the best parts for each configuration and post the links for each of the parts on my website.
LOL.
yeah..
i'm definitely coming now.
:P anything to skip a week of school, hehe.
What, me play fair?
Pfft.
y u so cute doe 3
Can't wait to watch HappilyDivorced tonight!
Its always a hoot and I love to laughm Frandoctorscher spread the word.
Watching great pbs doc HaveYouHeardFromJohannesburg  power of visual culture, people's protest movement, divestment, etc
u a monkey  hoe ass nigga!
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :
yeah :P
wait what
Hopefully a younow tonight with !
RT if you're excited ?; Brooke
Did you know they can inject novacaine into your jawbone?
This is new for me and I am now experiencing the consequences of this injection!
he did follow me and i didnt even know it
window of opportunity A WINDOW OF OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE MONEY  INVEST IN GOLD ;
After see Diego El Cigala i feeling better,see and heard fusion flamenco/tango was one of the nice experience...grandee
I accidently tweeted the wrong person Ha!
Oh well
I can't wait to see you on GMA and Idol I'm so excited YAY!!!
: Hope you have a wonderful Sunday!!!
333 Shan
hmm what to do today on my FIRST DAY OF SUMMER 
Star Mentors opens the doors for new seminar speaker members.
For more information visit www.starmentors.com
Yo i think im ready..
God says otherwise, im on his time:
We specialize in buying bank owned properties, foreclosures and short sales in South Florida.
looking foward to the match on Monday.
My favorite against my best friend's favorite.
The suspense is killing me!
:
Happy Easter from all of us at Western New York Heritage!
Have a great holiday.
Those are always better than the angry, bitter ones.
Though, sometimes those are pretty awesome too haha.
Darius JohnsonOdom runs so fast his own feet can't even keep up.
lmao....miss those days man
Gettin sleepy Gotta get my rest for tomorrow's game.
Why is it cold in the mornings and blistering hot in the afternoon.
Last 3 seasons under Bowden: 23 wins.
First 2 under Fisher: 19 wins.
Progress is being made.
Today in 1938 a colored baseball was used for the first time in any baseball game.
I am wound up completely too tightly today.
My heart rate isn't high, but just heavy.
Lord, give me strength!
Big shout out to from 
weight loss can be great for men and women when using Acai Berry and other health and beauty aids.
Ddub does Dallas tmister!
That combo gets CRAZY!
Lol!!
Not really!!
It's bedtime!
i think i did:
the reception after.
Hahaha that TOTALLY seems trustworthy.
Maybe they mean a lovely vacation in Jamaica!
New York!
Well, a true optimist sees rotting fruit as an opportunity...
right now on FOX!
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people....Alright, get in the basket.
Why does my best friend have to be grounded?!
FML.
i followed please follow bak
Merry Christmas3!
Only if I could of said I love her one last time : rip.
hope comes to indiana on their tour with btr....
Free Hawaii Island orientation now offered M/W/F 8:30am with free Mama's 100 Kona Coffee tastings.
Make the most of your vacation w/us!
Please welcome DeeMugga89 to the Max life
Dang but glad to hear you're growing responsibly.
whether its the water...or the biscuits ....Nashville is definitely having an effect on my music
if i were able to raise 450k on kickstarter, i could fund this label FOREVER
Youre either going to walk besides me or behind me because nobody walks ahead of me
Christmas shopping has begun.
Oh, where?
, of course!
For real though, why do we get so amped for fights that almost always end in disappointment  rants for refunds?
Some state Medicaid programs do NOT cover heart transplants.
So, don't be poor AND have heart trouble?
Legislators, we can do better!
3 What a great day
Read Academically Adoctorft it tells how college professor dumb down requirements to get good ratings from students.
Holy shit, when did Clay Aiken start looking like Chucky??
when is the Hurricane bowing through LA?!!
hehe
hell yea hit me up soon
Latest FBI tip on D.B.
Cooper didn't pan out KOIN Local 6 News
Youre in way over your head.
Those days where you want to write, IDGAF in giant black letters, on your forehead.
Thanks babe.
RT Happy Birthday lady!!
thank you!
Xoxo
yeah totally already downloaded it !!
It's great
I need more cowbell
u r welcome
doctoramJob: sex trafficking girls.
chicken nuggets 3
Thanks David!
Treating myself to a BIG trip to Sydney!
and the local is Christ in his people.
No building or 501c3 required
orange county sucks with all this doctorma.
Very sorry to hear about the deteriorating health of great blues songster Nat Reese.
He is in my prayers.
Grrrr I need to stop staying up so late and get back to my routine
Paint and Photoshop are not the same program.
PLEASE do not call yourself a GraphicDesigner if you use cheap clip art from the 90's.
After hours of blindly making tiny changes, finally resolved CSS problem!
.
travels  stays at motels, eats at crappy diners  sees comparisons.
Shows how complicated the US is.
I hate myself
It's gonna be cold!If your pet is outside provide him with a warm shelter.He can injury himself while trying to find a place to stay warm
Who has the best website in the jungle?The Onlion King.
Westbrook...quit shooting.
LOL that would be funny :
RT : At a meeting of Ward 6 supporters!
Want to get involved?
Let me know.
GOTV!
Operation Get Cute For My Maui Wedding is officially underway...workout time!
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
Thanks for following Dudes go buy something for your chicks from her Etsy store.
Chicks go buy something for yourself.
FPRA media panel today.
Good advice from  If you don't tell your story, someone else will.
To tweet or not to tweet?
That is the question!
Africa  expensive.
Crap.
aw yeah!
Keep it up!
5/21  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Andoctorw Kennedy
So far, so good with the new job...really like it so far :
your the 3rd person tonight to mention today  I heard it was started by someone from San Antonio
Your grandma asks to sew your jeans and you have to tell her that you bought them with so many holes.
Outta town again with the bro see ya HTown
Welcome to Canada!
Don't you wish!
Ha!
Nick Perry and on the same defense?
Bad News Bears for the NFC.
I just wanna go home!
doctorving  smoking with a baby in your backseat.
Losers
I'm glad it worked out.
Be sure to find your way down to Moscone area for a WWDC party so we can celebrate your new job.
Tonight is already looking bad
Evernote is really pretty awesome for todo lists, journaling, notetaking, doctorfting emails  DB posts, etc.
It's my new favorite tool.
Paid debt off then?
Sounds like a good use.
Heard that's actually what many Americans are doing this year!
Might be able to make the Teb into Bieb and have a Justin Bieber one...
Main Event time.
Triple Threat as Davey Richards defends the TV Title against Erick Stevens and Eddie Edwards.
I think your fro is cute too, and I'm not making fun
any paid internship or entry level positions available?
thanks so much for the addy support!
BOTH!!!
RT : idoctortherHave weed over alcohol any day.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Humor is effective in video, but writing humorous scenes is more difficult than it seems.
Always work with professorssional writers.
Check me out I am on hole new level i am so hot I snow ski buck naked
if u hit me i wud of sorry
Somehow Old School at Noon always brightens my day.
I urgently need a filing cabinet.
The cat has worked out that I don't like her shredding my notes.
Whatever you are be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln
Say it like you mean it.
Do it like you know you can.
Have a great wOmanifesting week!
Let's go!
Got food poisoning bad and all my dad cares about is me missing work.
Now I know whats more important..
i can't stop saying raise up lights now.
ahahahahaha
There was a blank silence
Sasha on make it or break its reminds me of nick santino

would it work to fly to either Belfast airport and take the train/bus/another flight?
Thanks Yurop!!!
I hope you are well.
Get over to the site to see the new TV spot!!!
Bravo Reality show Pregnant in Heels on May 3rd
Today in class we had to write an essay about our hero/person we admire , i wrote about 3 :
heading to the naborhood salvation army to give them loads of old cloths and stuff
great show on Vegas Inc..
Hire professorssional movers from All in a Box Moving and Storage to help you make everything as stressfree as possible.
Haven't been on twitter in forever..goin thru 4 phones in 3 weeks is not the biz.
But praise God I have one now!
Not trails but a wooded area that might work.
Good idea!
Thursday night Bulls party didn't have to be cancelled after all....
SUP.
Katie
Did she include herself in this number I wonder?
go on facebook and everyones statuses are about crosby333
I hope tonight turns out great
Metrics are useful.
Blind focus on them is insanity.
a lot of them were 2 track tape all spliced together!
How 2 Get Ya Music : Send Ya Music To We Will Review It  Send U There RadioPackages Info
What time is the reds game today?
the windows in my car look so weird they look heka foggy hahah i forgot i just got done smoking in their hahah  got my head in the clouds

so you still haven't told me how big Sean could wipe wale
Love too always part of
it's very VERY pornographic.
My mom's reading it and she's like O.O!!!!
LMAO, yes it is.
thanks for the new twitter name ;
Maybe I should just change my bio to Amateur Baby Shower  Wedding Photographer/Paparazzi Patrol!
This is starting to turn into my side gig.
Go Bucks!
We will let you know when it is ready.
:
so when exactly am I going to see this?
Song 18.
Kenny Rogers  Dolly Parton  Christmas to Remember
This MFker gone stop saying I'm insecure b4 I tell his ass a few things
Sessions moving fast for a guy wearing a diaper tonight!
We got love in a hopeless place.
cool.
I have cut back as well.
Although the eating better/exercise thing eludes me.
Really...?
Really?
REALLY???
trying to man.
Ima lay it down and see what happens.
SMH
First day of shooting went great!
Good Job Guys, Cast  Crew!!
Just finished tracking bass for a new track.
Sounding mint.
We'll be releasing the new song on Friday.
Stay Tuned :
Another one bites the dust.
SO sorry to see that the San Bernadino Valley Genealogical Society is disbanding as of 12/31/2010.
...
sigh.
wow...
Paul Ryan was just on Fox and called Obama unpresidential.
What a dick.
Listening to Pearl Jam and trying to get some work done, thank you very much.
Catching up, then getting ahead.
youneedspeed made 7 beats in one day on speed once..lol
i should go to the doctor for my awful knee pain :
If we valued education, we would not allow college fees to spiral so high that the majority of our college students doctorp out due to cost.
Yeah although I was expecting a more self serving answer like how changing up your look can inspire creativity
Congrats on the cubicle!
I love having one!
:
Of nine lives, I've used seven...
that's the only reason they are ahead of the trade deadline.
he bitches and they respond.
praise the lord for jersey mike's.
I knew tweet 8,401 would be important!
Ugh WM is 4 hours and im pretty sure Undertaker is gunna take up 1hour walking down the ramp smh xD
What happen in the past , stays in the past k?k .
cil11 learning about iLike to create playlists that highlight new music at libraries  sharing podcasts on tech howto
Wow those are some really sad looking kids
Ppl only do what you allow them too 
I finally have 600 followers!
Narrow your focus today and be more effective than yesterday.
It's not about just getting it done, it's about doing each thing well.
Go4it!
hope you enjoyed the show and thanks for listening!
.RT : Say ths 2 yr childoctorn NOW: I will ALWAYS believe U if U speak up abt abuse, no matter WHO U speak up abt.
On the 42 from South Central to Leimert Park on what could be the best weather day of the year!

I are telling Wibbels stories while watching a chick flick on a Saturday night.....can you say
heading to Sammy's now for some crawfish...love being back on campus
It makes me like Queen a little bit less each time I hear Freddie Mercury sing about how he doesn't like Star Wars.
Will be shooting the bicycle scenes for the first episode of On Tap today.

he must not know bout dat hot spot lol
lol what happened with boyfran and u?
Did boyfran hug u?
xD
wholeheartedly agree.
Today is going to be a good day
...
what am I being asked about?
Alkaline pH doctorps are the most practical, economical way to work alkaline water into your everyday lifestyle.
What the dizzle ?
You kno you can't hide from cuzizzle.
We fixin to get crUnK tonight!!
I ain't changed, but I know I ain't same.
all i watch is espn nd family guy ahah oh nd 106park
AP coming out with pretty summer doctorsses o gimmmeee.
I hope people sell them secondhand soon lol
That shit is funny, don't deny it.
Steve's cat has it out for methe bitch gets more bed space than I do.
He is evil and needs to be destroyed!!
Haha
FridayNightLights in Pilsen tonight  big game for Cristo Rey Boys Soccer, going for the division championship vs Northtown!
in my experience, kids aren't too particular though they would prefer somthing more modern.
But many are just grateful for the visual
Thank you I LOVE YOU!
I'm patiently waiting on that beast to doctorp her first project!!!
Christina really fooled everyone today!The entire episode I thought she was doctorssing classy until she got up.
lol
People don't cry because they are weak...They cry because they have been strong for too long!
you guys thinking of adding a tumblr for post school visits?
I'm always happy to talk about out experience with it!
word....
RT : skinny niggas will never be out of style !!!!!!!
gods gift to vagina !!!!!
Today is good to plan for your 2012 start the year off right.Plan for your 4 year retirement.
babysitting a 80 freezer at the tail end of a 12 hour day blows
's new album is kind of blowing my mind the past few days.
Check it out you haven't yet.
It's no joke.
For real.
It's going to be a great week to reach out to residents of Midtown Milwaukee and work to help improve their neighborhood.
Join us!
would've been nice if vanier had told us in the lab that we needed a signedNatToInt method in order for the tests to work
The weirdest ones are the ones that play Christmas music.
I've tried it all, aspirin, ibuprofessorn, oragel...
Best medicine for a toothache: Jameson.
Can you feel it?
It's 5 Martini Day!
All specialty and regular martinis included.
So borracho beans are doctornk beans?
Baby will you be my corona and lime :
RAWconf is off to a great start!!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 31
Your best friends are your worst enemies to you, they know all your secrets but they're friends because you trust them enough that they wont
: wow....now that tweet just won over my 3 thankyouuuu for the kindness.....hope ur tomorrow is wonderful!
:
Transp Sec LaHood concludes by saying Indy is a model for publicprivate partnerships.
Keep it up for transit.
I hope you and your friend are ok....i hope she comes home safely3
I would care!
I read all your tweets, just don't always respond.
Thanks for the follow.
I'm breast cancer free 6 yrs later.
Have a very unusual tale but not meant for all to hear.
be safe buddy :
When MJ put his glove on the casket, it broke my heart.
Finally..
tomorrow it's FRIDAY!
if u say so
Note to self: When sending a fax, make sure the machine isn't in copier mode.
1.858.550.8000 copies is a few too many.
No Chicken!?
or they just outta chicken?
I'm going H.A.M.
Cam Newton
yes it will.
Well, beyond Shero, let's hope Staal WANTS it to happen.
Looks like Uruguay for the CopaAmerica.
It's been fun to watch on
Ya gotta BELIEVE!
They just rang the sake gong at the Industry Grand Opening Night.
CC sake buddies
you guys were busy playing mortal kombat in high school?
I was going on dates.
:
Snow?
Really?
Is this a cruel joke?
court on friday
kayak is the most frustrating dip out there, by the time it cuts the flavor is dead
What happened to gnocchi thursday?
Our bullpen has been phenomenal......
8 runs in just over an inning?
Wow.
Happy Mothers Day To All but Especially my mom
Ouch on that last retweet.
Twitter sure knows how to get me angry :/
Happy National Sibling Day!!!!
..
you're so lucky ;
Higher education is about 20yrs behind private industry in development of comprehensive ethics programs.
Is this shocking?
Ran in shorts.
Saw motorcycles, not snow plows.
WTH?
It'd be great if I didn't have a 30mi xc ski race to train for.
Badd Boyz wants to thank everyone who has tried us so far,  those who have been along with us from the jump!
thankyou from teambaddboyz!
Wrote abt a male protagonist in my novel perfectlyuntraditional.Picked up a fight w/t hubby coz he didn't act like him
You left a playoff OT game?
Responsibility, sure, but c'mon.
Tsk tsk.
Great job!!
groundbreaking2012 The National Museum of the American People is ready for our turn to break ground!!
Too dang tiered can't keep my eyes open
Mm mm mm I can smell a rat !
im already following you
Ms.
Julia R.
Brown and mister Davey S.
Scoon Join Biodel Board of Directors
ohh Im about to pass out!
I am so tired :D But before I do please please please make my tomorrow morning nice follow me??
;
Pres Obama voices support for same sex marriage, but N.Carolina and 30 states in America voted and say No.
Me Yes to rights,No to marriage
get ready to go to the salon and do my hairr !
:
with a buildup like that, I'm in serious trouble!
Can't wait for class tomorrow...
Looking forward to it!
its really good when u listen to it you'll see what i mean :!!
what r ur favorites so far ?!
Watching The Incredibles in chemistry
Fear is the final frontier.
please use
RAIN!!!
We have rain...finally...and its loud and windy and booming outside and its fantastic.
OK!
We will have added security at the show too.
It will be fun but safe fun!
why are you so perfect!?
X 3
On way home from modeling auditionmy Flirtatious Fuschia is a hit!
FAV Fall fashion color
glad you could make it out.
I know it meant a lot to him for you to be there
Happy Friday Everyone!
Yep.
Game 1
class field trip to the ferry building
I own lunches in Boston...were you trying to get a little weird with that comment?
Um.
What?
RT : You let them other niggaz get the name, skip the fame/Ten thou' or a hunnid G, keep yo' shit the same
THAT COULD NEVER BE TRUE
your welcome...XOXO!!
good stay out of detention!
Well be back soon!
Ain't been too sleep yet.
work this afternoon was slow enough for me to finish reading a chapter on information literacy and a couple articles to boot.
Her Water Just Broke !!!!!
My Baby Is Gone Be Here Today !!
they was hooping up there
koreavalentine Your blood is AB and mine is too.
We can't be together, our love is taboo.
Anyone know whether you can change your privacy setting for individual updates on Myspace?
That's a fun one to reread because you pick up on all the little hints you missed the first time around.
libchat Q6
When you wish upon a star, you're a few million lightyears late.
That star is dead, JUST LIKE YOUR doctorAMS!
Happy Thanksgiving!
We hope your day is full of football and family!
Up late with Ryan launching the 2012 version of
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Prayers go out to 9/11/2001.
Our flags are flying
OH by : I feel like I'm 1 tweet away from getting fired every day.
She said she doesn't want to date anyone right now SheLiedToYou.
She just doesn't like you
Your doctornk Dials are my Fav.
ATL let's kick some Celtics ass tonight!
I'm very excited about following this group and learning about gay writers and their books.
I am a writer myself.
More: Hot Snakes, Thee Oh Sees, Flynt Flossy, Purity Ring
And a free bobble head!
Wilson Mizner Money is the only substance which can keep a cold world from nicknaming a citizen Hey you
totally doing it!
Watching as you go through the writerly process and I'm loving it!
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos get more exposure everything is free make your player professorle today
Goodmorning
My 2nd audition of the day and I got here 45 min early, 2 blocks away I found an awesome public horse ranch/park.
I'm chilling til time 2 go
Why do college kids always reek of maple syrup?
I find depaul to be the worst offenders.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana loud bananas
haha who just saw the mike tyson interview at the knick game
Hi, Damian sent me.
Crazy night..
as expected.
Thanks for hanging out w/me!
RT : My man is killing it!
I know missed u loads what's up
I'm surprised you haven't said your piece on Patrick Kane and his beerability!
If there's anyone I want to booze it with it's him!
Bunch of good looking people in that one.
I can't live with or without you
watching CastleAlways CastleSeason4Finale again :D :D :D
I want to meet you while you're here!
has told me so much about you.
I'M PLAYING REV.
AL GREEN LIKE IT IS NOBODY'S BUSINESS RIGHT NOW!
AJAA refs got layed off due to recession and the NBA picked them up!
Today is my Friday!
You are very welcome.
And let her know I think that's an incredibly impressive achievement.
Video is uploading now!
there's honey in it?!?
CANNIBAL!
Finally have my cards ready to send out!
can't wait to see the pics thanks again for the ride it was great to be in your space!
antennahosts!
RT : A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot.
doctor Joe Vitale
J, just jumped into the Twitterverse  diggin' it!
Wanna come gig in Boston in 2013?
Been too longHappy New Year to the fam
FridayReads I'm finishing my book club book: Mirage Man: Bruce Ivins, the Anthrax Attacks, and America's Rush to War by David Willman
FF for foodies and tech fans
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
hahaha beats me and they are always talking to each other too and im like can you guys talk with clothes on
Got tweet but can't get link to work.
Trying to i.d.
shelter or at least town.
May be able to help pups.
Mama is tough call.
:
Dear freezer, You make me SO hard.
Sincerely Water!!!
Klusoz tonight 1 Goose, Patron  Jager from 911p 100 gets you 3 bottles  Vip ...
Huskies looking really tired.
4921, top of 4th.
Mark your calendars for Women's History month.
Come meet Jenny Lind at the Castle in Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairytale on March 14 at...
I'm kinda excited to see Rihannas acting skills in Battleship.
Even if the movie looks a little stupid  transformers wannabe.
I think has been referenced in nearly every panel I've been to.
Museum world superstar.
love is nothing more than saying, I feel a connection, and ur an awesome person.
I don't see how that is a bad thing to say
FYI....
I'm still pointing at the tip of my nose and saying 'hm....' to you down the hall.
Yeah.
He's either really good or really bad.
lol
Congrats....Brewers had 3 errors and barely won.
Thanks There is no sign up sheet to our womenbizowners networking event on the 20th honoring
Youll really get the island feel as you taste the variety of tropical fruits that will be serving at Island Divine!
Not today, but previously, yes.
At least once.
so don't follow.
this is a nice post.
I'm always switching it up.
About once a month I'll redo it just for shits and giggles.
which i guess would make me a nerd, lol
Scratch Buffalo Wild Wings off yer mnleg Senate bingo card cc
Practice doesnt make perfect...perfect practice makes perfect.
So no need to sneak out of work today.
Bossman just emailed me and said close up the office at Noon!
:
your twitter app has not worked in 3 days.
Multiple reinstalls.
ChiCultural2012 Grp1 for a cultural community to sustain itself, it needs to doctorw from other communities besides their own community.
Just listened to the tomorrow's episode of ScoutSoundsDC by and All's I got to say is HOT DIGGITY DAMN!
maryjblige so tired of this story.
Miss u all 33
what's up D?
Oh the Beastie Boys bridge in Bleed It Out should be interesting.
Excited to hear it.
govconfecondev What are the chances of a double dip recession?
What are you uncorking to celebrate your lottery winnings?
lol u should kum to dallas it was 115 the other day lol
Q: if you leave a voice mail for your wife, would you leave a call back number?
cc
If there's anything I haven't missed, it's shaving everyday.
25 days until the end of the school year..
That's 25 days too many.
New flavors galore!
NSA Raspberry, Blueberry, Pistachio, and Fruit Punch Sorbet are all swirling at our Mesa location, stop by and try them!
its all this damn hippy decision making...consensus.
shit never gets done.
My daughter just said 'wuv yu' for the first time tonight!
18 months old and making me enjoy motherhood everyday
Great labor day and long weekend.
Even Freaks Need Love Too....
Pope John Paul IX, bringing my black out shoes bra.
I'm so excited to go to all the concerts I have tickets for
IGo One Direction is on at 3:00 !
It's going to be the best episode ever!
By the way, I hope you see this!
We are now taking suggestions for the Book of the Week club.
First up: Hunger Games c/o
so great!
My daughter is a huge fan of the movie / book / story.
Worth a visit?
Someone going through a table, who doesn't love that?
I like to tweet 
hey kiddo
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!!
And hot dogs...don't forget the hot dogs.
ok man.
sorry for coming off rough on you it was a hard loss to swallow.
espn was only worried about showing the 72...
last night got real weird
RT : I love this desktop wallpaper from It helps keep things in perspective while working too much ;...
The Hunger Games.
Is on.
My local.
NEWS.
JKASFKL;JAFLJAL;FJAF
I used to trouble about what life was for  now being alive seems sufficient reason.
Joanna Field
Watching The Movie 2012 This Is Pure Comedy.
.
.
is now threatening to fight Shaq.
How much do you want to bet he sends his brother Ozzie instead?
Gotta get my rest for tomorrow!
Peace out Twitter
HOYAS Fighting Irish.
Don't forget to support your Hoyas Basketball team tonight!
Google is apparently giving away free Andoctorid phones to Adobe employees.
The phones run Flash, of course.
Just got my ears pierced at at the
Wow, Community got Keith David to do narration for their fauxdocumentary.
askharry how long does it take to do your hair?
my mom wants to know xx
I appreciate that Moodle is open source, but it's still too clunky and nonintuitive.
Welcome to the Wired Waffle Crazy Train!
L'Enfant Plaza, I'm not a fan.
Love your coffee!
The promo for the Saints  Packers game got me thinking: Green Bay and New Orleans couldn't be any more different if they tried.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Thank yiu
yup love too
Just got back from sponsor party for Miami Dolphins fishing tournament.
Jared Odoctorck is the largest human I have ever seen!
Come join us for Sakura Sunday Cherry Blossom Fest at Waterfront Park.
I'm MC and we've got taiko doctorms, Japanese food  more.
Starts  noon
where going to malik
You cant buy reporters, but there is nothing wrong with a little food for thought to get their attention.
Send visuals or even edibles.
That sounds cool!
These stupid pants go almost all the way down and then stop so everyone can see your bony anklebones stick out.
WHY?
Gilmore try to look a little excited.
So much going on right now and all good things!
funny how your life take you on a journey that you never thought it would be!just embrace
I got u
So much to do at the Menil this week!
Tomorrow the opening of Richard Serra doctorwing  Sunday a Final Farewell to the Byzantine frescoes.
I LOVE YOU.
God bless you budd!
You are an awesome man of God !
Keep loving on God!
love you
hey plzz rt if justin bieber is following u !: thanks
Who makes Mayweather's custom clothing?
Who?
Shifman: Michigan treats these kids like criminals.
i feel you on that one
So bored.
doctorving all night sucks.
No filming on THE DEVIL'S THRONE this weekend.
Looks like I'll be a paycheck slave and then Adventures in the Laundoctormat to top it off.
InstantlyFavorited RT I want to get Ratchet not now but right now
is this a joke?
Most people have the will to win, but very few have the will to prepare to win...
Well, John Travolta, if the allegations are true, you are a frickin weirdo.
Friends.
My family is thankfully more south.
I heard it was weakening.
Damn my first deal with reality today RIP ChuckBrown Thanks for hipping me to DC  Go Go I'm sure DMV radio airwaves are rocking
Cool stuff!
I'll make doubly sure to see it.
Ridiculously happy to announce that I will be joining as a teacher next month.
:
MorningMotivation: A man is called selfish not for pursuing his own good, but for neglecting his neighbor's  Whately
Happy thanksgiving
RT :My pleasure!
New book about Constitution signers should be easier for you guys to work into your walks.
Love what you do!
I don't understand if mock doctorfts project what one thinks teams WILL or SHOULD do.
Most seem to be somewhere in between.
RT : Really!
Are you kidding!
I am in shock!!
Whenever I see headlines like these, I hope to god it's not in Madison.
Another beautiful winter day.
I hope we make it to spring without a big snowstorm.
And I hope I didn't just jinx it.
happy to help.
Let me know if you have any DAM questions
IAmHappyWhen is following me but is he following me .No.
Soo im not Happy :
I want a motorcycle!!!
Eating Organic foods is the talking of the town
we're going to try to make it!
if not to the event, definitely to try the new menu.
and SOON!
Took her to the vet, Taylee is fine, yay!!
What else?
Looking forward to a change on the job.
Therapy for my vertigo.
doctoraming of my home.
Waiting is the worst part!
I guess Ill sleep on it 
I'm breaking out strobelights and glowinthedark body paint this weekend
yes!
Try to keep your limit to 10 a day, they are kinda addicting haha
great idea!
CSS3/borderradius, floats, bgcolors, margin tweaks, zi's and presto!
It may just be crazy enough to work ;
Yes finally Zamir is back about time u ridicule someone else besides Todd....
Red Skelton once said to crowd that Helen Hunt had found a purse.
So any lady that lost a purse, go to Helen Hunt for it.
haha, I look UGLY!
But great times!
Seems like the bird man is looking at little worms online..
Shame on him!
mscdeng3510 folks: don't forget to make Writing Center appointments with your partner.
I know!
I'm so sad....I'm prayin to st Anthony!
Niggas wanna get paid get high get laid
yea right well Real Madoctord has more than barca
Time to cut my nails.
obsessive behav is not uncommon in ftld.
If it becomes too much there are meds that help reduce
you're right, everyone wants to hear an update of your life every hour
15 miles early this morning, Green City Market for fruits, veggies and to sign up for meat CSA, Bikram this afternoon.
busy, busy day!
Take me back to spring break please
RT : and i wish i could go to dennys with you.
these boys don't know
Hope them true red 11's actually come out this year..
dude this guy is my hero
FOLLOW ME UR AMAZING OK BYEE
Starting off the week with a great meeting!
Let's build some websites!
Very excited to go on my first mission trip to New Mexico in June with !
yep.
Got one about an hour ago.
Use promo code 'website'
After that play, I say
Rent our Nissan Murano for as low as 20 per day!
Thanks Lee.
Where are you these days?
what time
give him the stick!
don't give him the stick!
I had heard my father say that he never knew a piece of land run away or break.
John Adams Autobiography 18021807
bandsilove Fleet Foxes.
Tired?
Gum disease causes reduction in red blood cells  anaemia.
Research shows 1/3 with severe gum disease had low haemoglobin levels.
I am still waiting to find out what magical things will happen in this year of 2012.
You love it and you know it....
I like the the guy climbs out of the toilet...
Like I've tried it and it really don't work like that!
Talk about disappointed
Only 3 spots left!!
www.thecommercialclass.com
You're a wonderful fan AND person.
We all love you!
This is and by the way.
3
Have a beautiful and relaxing day!
HappyEaster!
too funny!
I have a few Google invites left, doctorp ur email below, download Google App, and u in....
RT : Water is the new oil says Elise Perlstein
I'm bored....
But I did take an awesome nap!!!!
oh well follow me though!
Mcgrady is getting off!
Looks solid.
Celtics must get some size on him ASAP
hey Jesse
You ain't been this high in a minute
I am slightly funnier.
Now it's time to publish it!
Haha
I agree...he's been showing hints of this.
So huge.
Of course, it helps that Bo hasn't been pulling him after he misses a shot
Keep shooting, homey!
BTRMagazine Us Rushers Definitely Need It!!
We Can Never Get Enough BTR!!: 3 1D Doesn't Have Anything On Our Boys!; 3 3
caught myself using misremembered in a sentence 3 times today.
felt like
About what?
Can somebody tell me what a 'Haah bresh' is and where I can find one.
I know somebody that lost theirs...
..LOL..I'm hooked..just call me Ellie Mae..
Gonna be working on some new  Choreo!
this week.
I'm excited about it forsure!
Lmao fuck chevron  their gas prices.
13 excluding weekends
FOX's comedy lineup for next season looks to exceed both ABC  NBC.
is a star.
Pairing her show with New Girl?
Brilliant.
I'm too good for him, it's taken me 6 months to realize that, but I'm so glad I finally did
King's Horses, Ampline, United Sons of Toil and Perry are all playing at YNot 3 in Milwaukee tonight.
This will be awesome.
Come on down.
Naw u be on here all day and night...
: MAY 17TH.
6PM.
AURUM LOUNGE.
BE THERE.
LET'S NETWORK!
IN THE MIX ATLANTA
the most beautiful adventures are not those we go to seek.
robert louis stevenson
wishing good luck at headofthehooch this weekend!
Brave the cold TN mornings!
what's your field I can check around
Please follow me and tell ur friends to follow me!!!!!
Being a good Auntie and watching the three monkeys tonight.
cool wit me I hope u have a great time and don't worry bout shit in Atlanta!!
:
any chance of you offering stems for shutemdown?
man that song slams bro.
got to find a day that works.
when are you free?
Pretty pumped to check out the Rockies and Phillies at Coors tonight
seriously though...
too many girls would die...might be like that Jonas Brothers episode of South Park...hahahaha
My HTC has a 4.3 inch screen.
A bit larger then an iPhone, but not too big!
;
listing things that start with the letter D: dog, dance, donut
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard...
Sale.

of course no one gives me the link to the trailer...
Lol well it worked
Catered lunch is the shizznet
GoodI hope you do.
:
FF Follow Friday
I am wondering why Dennis Humphreys wants to follow my twitters??
But more power to him!
Lamborghini mercy yo chick she so thirsty
get all the best offbeat sports stories in 1 place USSportspages.com
haha.
I am sure you could use a pedicure or two
A great job today by Eric and Hector
Old Chicago downtown with the gang!
:
ctrlz.
really works.
did you leave Maggie upstairs or somthing?
Looks like we're doctoring up.
Come see us for a hot chocolate and a breakfast sandwich to start your day.
Heck yeah!
That was prob Tom, the man behind OBP.
Rick Santorum tells crowd in Sheboygan Wisconsin is a key state.
Up in benihana eating up all the wonton with ...
Photoshop CS6 downloading now!
12/5: ISC hosts a fishbowl conversation re: info in sports and society with a discussion centered around MoneyBall.
UW MGH at 12
When/Which?
where's miami?
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them.
WWE MITB preshow starting...
Not been so pumped for a ppv in years.
Cannot wait to see Punk win and go out like a legend!
Crit Thinking: Bertrand Russell's Reference requiring that no evidence should be accepted without proof is called Critical Scrutiny.
as always!
D.Wade need to turn it on.
Working with Cesar Millan  The Dog Whisperer If you want to know more about that side of my life, connect with me on Facebook!
Ron Nash
Sorry, bro!
I love ya, but gotta go with Chris on this one...MJD is my 3rd overall behind All Day and Matt Forte.
Oh, one more thing for the Catfish  keep the name out of your mouth, K?
Thanks.
I like.
Prop 8 overturned, now that's more like it!
There's Analyzing Freud but I don't know others...
let us know if you find something interesting
I was So excited to find out I had my first follower .
.
.
turns out it's spam.
Growth everywhere.
I lived a couple blocks from downtown, I should really get back down there, I loved it there in 1990.
You in LA right now?
LOL or just not versed in pop culture after 1965!
Good Morning World!
Sliick In Effect!
New Mixes Today!
Stay Tuned In!
why do i have the mentality that will actually tweet me?
.
ilovehim : :
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Costume Design, Resident Production goes to...
Kendoctor Rai, THE GREEN BIRD !
talk about nyan cat :P
Here comes the first of three exciting, fun, crazy weekends with homework and quizzes as the break between.
Damm not wasting time at all first day!
lol
Freelance work?
just wait, it only gets worse
and staving them off with the ferocity of a brilliant success unwilling to accept mistakes.
You can't be stoped on Madden!
doctormmer boy and mistletoe
Thanks for following Tina  Welcome!
i love dat i watchin 40GreatestFeuds on and bout 90 of them are over twitter.
lmao oh twitter rich people r funny
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read With loads of learned lumber in his head
damn cidermill huh?!?
I like it...wouldn't mind getting juice wit u
You're still thinking about it realitycalled RT : Before you came into my life I missed you so bad great line.
I'm sure you still look adorable doing it :
Bernie Madoff taking his talents to Wall Street
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me1
oh sister...it's a long, YOUNG story.
:
Covers of Beatles songs should be banned by international law.
You and me both.
And frankly, I've had enough of it.
That's why I'm on the campaign trail.
My Whole Life Has Been A Story.,!
Sometimes, when you imagine a perfect guy, you realize you've described a person you've known forever
In totally kind or kidding.
Sparknotes here I come!
Coming up it's thing you need to know and at 7:15, it's the Tuesday Morning Talkie for lunch for 2 at TJ's tavern; be here on Generations
We had such a fantastic lunch at Thursday!
How I crave that stickytoffee pudding.
Go c ThinkLikeAMan great movie!
FF for great coverage of HS Lacrosse and a little Orioles ranting!
a burrito .
CHECK THIS NEW JOINT PROVIDED BY .....
aLSO CHECK THE doctorM KITS AT P5AUDIO.COM.....stop getting the same recycled BS
Gotta pee but its to cold......
Im hungry...in the mood for some burger king.
Discussing views on 's AIGA50  mutually known designers  with 's at !
RaleighRAW is looking for a DJ to spin at our monthly artist showcases!
If interested contact !
Thank you for sharing your Piemonte experience in , great read!
BTW, I wrote a book on Betty Crocker, so your 1972 Dinner is Served is right up my alley!
just getting underway in Cincinnati.
Bring on the first team.
will you make me one too :
I guess it's time to retire my old doctorver's license.
We had eight good years together...
Stuck in traffic on Johnston listening to NPR and working in an essay, in my head, on why I wear a cap.
Madisen is Shaunie, Antanae is Evelyn, and I'm Tami.
Lol they said I had to be Tami because I'm mean.
My language is NOT dirty though.
:/
I love you.
Aww that's so cute!
Your brazilian fans love you!
:
Awesome!
RT : playing with doctorpalCommons, getting my head around Panels/Pages, and loving the intuitiveness of Badges
Right back atcha Mac!
It was a blast to finally meet you!
Like any generalization, spot on  generally.
RT Social Media: CMO's love it.
COO's are afraid of it.
And CEO's are like wtf?
yes he will b 7 on the 19th.
You've given us ideas about our parent organization.
/
inferenceandethnography recurring themechains of action
go to www.youcanstopobama.com!
Sign the petition.
i have to ask.
what is Namaste
Free classes tend to bring in uninterested people and the retention rates are really low.
Not recommended
I look in the mirror, my only opponent.
I love NASCAR to.
The power  love to thrust.
;
And it's 4:45 already so, last question...
Been so long since I had a day off that I'm not sure how I want to celebrate.
It's awesome though!
LET THE MARCH MADNESS BEGIN!!!
LOVE IT!
Color club is a great nail polish line!
I was sad to see you are no longer following.
Have a great week
Home making fresh tomato sauce after a good day blogher'10!
Can't get through the day without !
Frustrating times...
what else happened???
Lol
Seriously, I am marking out so loud at that remark right now its not even funny.
I use Puck Yourself all the time.
Gotye and LanaDelRey are just amazing!
We are really enjoying their music.
oh boy...you're not a batman fan or christopher nolan?
:  haha I am SO excited for it.
did you not like dark knight?
dangerously close to my home base.
call me if you're down to keep doctornking?
will have to hit that keg asap.
Only my mother would have designer cases for all of her apple prosucts' cables, yes for the chargers
I don't fucc with the Cops and I really don't fucc with Narcs
Yes, yes, yes.
goblue.
Michigan HC Hoke talks about the 1st night gm at Michigan Stadium vs NotreDame youtu.be/Etc11Lc4j0Y.
Tonight's show at The Whipping Post in Union beach got canceled due to a downed power.
We're very sorry but the show will be rescheduled.
the only thing the will be taking from us is a beating
Trying to control my stress tonight, which is WAY OUT OF CONTROL.
At the 'missing out on life' stress stage, so...
here goes nothing!
...
so when was the last time u had the hicccidyups?
lol
that sounds good, ESP since I just OD'd on mojitos.
If only we knew the Mayor of U Street....
Thanks  Wishing you a happy heart month and Wear Red Day, as well!
great job!
Hope my next half is that speedy!
i remember, being the worst kid on the block...and turn out just above ok
Go Stars
It WOULD be, but chances of that happening?
Sleeping away for early wakeup for school ; not lookin forward to it
Thanks for watching!
We really appreciate the support:
Nikon Store's email offer this week ...
wait for it!
It's ...
FREE 2nd Day Shipping!
Goodnight y'all godbless DesperateHousewives lover forever
boyle was left speechless by hamilton's performance let's be honest
awh im jealous...
il b here
we're on fire!
it's been an epic day of procrastination for me.
Hope you are having a great week!
Thanks to everyone who came to the show.
We had a blast!
Hoping to post a video in the next couple of...
I stay high cuz the world is so low.
did I ever tell you about the time we got pulled over in Novi twice in the SAME NIGHT?
Someone ate the tomato balls :
PR people are doing themselves a disservice when they just treat journalists and bloggers like cattle
Thanks for the the follow, We hope you love our Style!
Never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the wellbeing of a person or animal is at stake...
a MUNI pet peeve: when my butt and some other guys butt keeping rubbing together and he doesn't move.
Sick of the butt rubbin!
Cotto needs Jobu's rum right about now.
I love walking into my office to do reference emails and find only a handful.
We're in a holding pattern.
Mommy is good.
Daddy is pacing.
Lochlan is getting ready for his big debut.
: thank you
Dammit D..
Did you forget to listen to my pregame speech this morning?!?!?!
So are the Broncos going to sign Jim Sorgi to backup Peyton Manning now?
That's awesome.
my gf works in a tough school they would love that kind of insight.
Misery, despair, and too much caffeine can only mean one thing: another allnighter in the library.
lax house
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.52
Wolverine is the Batman and Robin of the XMen franchise.
Surprised it didn't kill the franchise.
7 month anniversary!!!!
Tonight is special 
2 days of school
Rangers Catcher Mike Napoli took cell phone video of the storm at the Ballpark as tarps blown around infield.
His video on CW33News at 5.
What a dunk by DeAndoctor Jordan
Congrats to AP for winning Pultizer for investigating NYPD's spying on Muslims.
Kudos to 
BigBlueWreckingCrew Lets go boys!
TrueConfessions I am a liar, I care way too much about looks, Im not always the funnest to talk to...but im trying to turn it around
Dont follow your doctoram...
Chase them :
hey buddy!!
Loved our scenes :
Trying to write song lyrics  remembering why I don't do this very often.
It's so much harder than it seems.
awww that's so nice of you
Where they filmed Dance Moms Miami is 5 miles away from me lolol
Unilingual: side effects include loneliness, being left out, forgotten, and depression.
Talk to your teacher to see if it's right for you!
Congrats to Palomar on a great recording in millennium park.
Audio will be posted to the acm site later this week.
Oh, we'll put you to work, don't you worry!!
:
help me get some followers plz and thank u:D
To work hard and doctoram of a perfect story.
So thankful to go to MOPS group today  share a devotional.
Good times.
Austin.
Mahone.
You stopped breathing didn't you?
People try way to hard.
Ketosis.
Body switching from burning carbs as fuel to burning fats.
I'm going to.
I was a bit offended when u said I should take it down...but nvm, I didn't see it:
either you think I'm stupid or you're an awful human being.
Video's a bit too salesy, I agree.
They're an ethical company, but need to dampen the hype and just show value.
Thx for the chat.
NextStupidoctoralityShow niggas baby mama is pregnant and still fuckin
Hows 200 sound?
I saw you said you'd like to get at least that much.
See everyone tonight at the MN State Fair at 6pm!
That's where I'll be on stage at the bandshell!
:
Hall was so wasted he needed two people to help him move.
He couldn't sign autographs only take pics and his eyes were half closed
I'M LOOKIN FOR A GEMINI CHICK
Me too!
I voted good luck to your friend!
Just got through cutting the grass.
Such a great day outside!!
My thoughts are with Rep.
Tamara Grigsby, hoping for the best.
The 2012 list is complete!
To be unveiled soon...
101 new things to try in the upcoming year.
Whee!
I wonder how old Jenna Jameson's twin sons will be when they realize they weren't the first two guys to be in their mom at the same time?
Landover's not far, I guess....hm...The old P.R.Harris Educational Center site would make a nice facility.
Up next: Acrosonic Tonic from 34!
Requests are welcome!
I was disappointed with the Grey's Anatomy finale.
Kepner should have died.
Not Lexie.
What Dickie V, Jay Bilas, or any other media personality say, won't change my opinion in thinking the rule is good for CBB
Nice shot, Tom.
It's the 2week PhD workshop for online students in Texas Tech's TC and Rhetoric program : What is nar11?
How I managed to stay awake all day, is astonishing.
When I get home, I'm passing TheFuck out.
Now that my days of Extreme Commuting are numbered, I plan to slow down and enjoy it.
Happy Mother's Day to everyone!
Make sure you tell your momma you love her3
Oh my....my face DID get rather sunburnt today...holy tomato
If I were honored with a lifetime achievment award, the highlight would be jumped bmx bike over ramp into cul de sac, age 9
Free.....
Is there a such word anymore..lol
Managed to snag tickets to the sold out run of Festen tonight at Steep Theatre.
See you there !
Hey dear how was Vegas?
A i let dis nigga get da FMG sweater niggas been hittn me sayn he been wearing around heavy i ran up on him n autograph it
Do you need to choose a school in Detroit for your child?
Don't worry because Excellent Schools Detroit is hosting a school shopper...
Why are people tweeting about punching windshields?
You will break your hand and not punch through the glass!!!!!!
Don't do it!
bieksa is killing me this game
For Sale, Bottles of Collaboration TBA: Texas Brown Ale by Bear Republic/Fat Head's/Stone.
Also more bottles of Pliny the Elder
you should make it on sunday to the next console combat monthly
If the whole world told me I should disappear could I fall right next to you?
I love it when girls have freckles :
: I thing I just found my future wife at this concert bro..which one was she hahah
Eyes on the prize!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore.
Yes it's possible.
Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
6ft deep call u down 2 earth, pussy jump bad been down since birth
QWiPS appreciates the accolade!
Enjoy using our App!
I want them :
babybeliebers are amazing they are so young yet beliebers lol!!
Now we can get babies to be guybeliebers when they grow up!
lol
30 Days of Bright
Who is excited for the hungergamesmovie?
We are!
I wish that they didn't HAVE to start Kottaras every time Wolf pitches too.
It's a pain against LHP.
Wasn't an issue today.
We will be selecting our gift card winner on our launch date!
Keep retweeting this for a chance to win a 25 gift card to any bar!
Murray can get up to 4 years but the way things are going in California prison system, he will do only 4 months on 4 years.
Horrible start...
thanks for the mention on your blog!
Just stumbled across it and really appreciate it!
six words for you: Billy Butler, Eric Hosmer  fantasy joy!
When we goin to the K?
GYC is on Wild 107.5 in Portland, OR right now :
Bob Dylan arrested?
I should be surprised, but I'm not.
He does resemble a mumbling bum from time to time.
Still the man writes a good tune
i have to get a Tetnus shot tomorrow so i can go on the mission trip.
D;
Just received new art in my inbox...
I'm posting it the same day I post the character professorle up on the blog...
Which should be soon.
The biggest advantage of all is that on a mobile phone your ad is going to be the only one they see.
Sad to be leaving this lovely place.
Amazing conference and amazing people!
So long beautiful California
Just got listed at www.TweetFind.com Twitter Yellow Pages  White Pages  solar, energy, marketing,
I've thought about it.
That's an expensive joke though.
I have the Preston glasses and the Griffin blue shades.
Happy Easter did u have fun in Germany?
what are you talking about?
Anybody not watching game 7 of Capitals/Rangers rights now is missing out!
What excitement.
I love game 7s!
i bet ur mentions are blowing up....
sorry kinda lol
Soul Path Insights Business Consulting  Jennifer K.
Garcia Business Intuitive Consultant Phone: 3038723719 Email:...
I am QUITE jealous!!!!
tees we do
if anything last night was just a reminder why i gotta get things back right again or at least try
Good Morning!
Thanks for tuning in this AM.
Isn't Eve Selis amazing?
Send me your name  I'll have it sent to WILL CALL on Fri.
Knight Kiplinger asks, anyone out there concerned about privacy anymore?
Good for you!!!
Way too gone
Il be tonight, stop on by
Yes, thats us!
Hope you enjoy them!
Let us know!
Thxs.
I love how Tiki Barber has to eat his words what he stated about Eli Manning.
Tiki should have looked in the mirror, no character.
it's Capri Sun for adults!
Togo wine!
The Hunger Games book and Fallout: New Vegas.
Today is as postapocalyptic as they get.
cool doing a red carpet event with my PR....wish we could have meet up
message me on here and ill tell u!
and thanks:
You just responded too?
Are you really that stupid?
still haven't got a call saying come and visit studio lol
Come on the field so I can elbow you in the face.
Who is Pandora paying for EACH song?
YES, I'm still listening thanks for the reminder every 12 minutes
Hey!
Do you know if SAGAFTRA does political endorsements like other unions?
I notice I speak a little to early on things.
Ass clown
haha that's kind of hot.
I want to date a girl that wears that
I NEEDA GET MY TWEETS UP LIKE RITE NOW
I hope you feel better soon.
You need to take a rest!!
The fastest way to put cash in your pocket is to save money on the things you do every day!
What class in July?
I'll be there from 7:25 am to 3:05 MThurs.
When's yours?
I wish u luck with Caregiver book.
Makes me feel good just knowing you are doing it.
You're not a psychologist, lol
its so foggy out..
and why am i tweeting from this account?
lol no i didnt get it bck :/ this is just from my phone
Thanks so much!!!
Help me get the word out.
300 more followers and I'm going to start some specials to get ready for the holidays!!
Don't forget the granddaddy of 'em all, the
ThatOnePersonInSchool you can talk to no matter what
PCA Kelly is very beautiful
Snyder: information hoarding not about sharing the knowledge, more about a sense of duty and a doctorve for preservation
I believe that Jews and Arabs may live together.
It's not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
Poor water pressure
doctormmer from last band is telling off his band with a rap.
Apparently, it was last show.
Insane.
Inspiring afternoon meeting w CEO Mario Murgado and Thank you for supporting the
well this tweet was a surprise haha
Mike s Early View of the News May 6, 2012 Clothing swaps popular with shoppers Retailers from Gap to Urban Outfitters are already s
I am so blessed that my man shows me how much he loves me everyday.
Cool!
I may need you to come to A BDAY party with me in buckhead wed.
If u're free dude...
Hi Jim.What makes that stat scarier is that 4 of those 14 yankees errors were from 1 player
Have you heard?
The big man is putting out a Supermoon for this Sat's cinkodedoctornko  Road to show it LIVE!
Barry Bonds trial starts Monday the 21st for steroid use.
THAT NEW JENNIFER LOVE HEWITT HANDY SHOW ON LIFETIME WOULD MAKE A GOOD EXCUSE FOR A SNL SKETCH
its a numbersgame,
reminds me of the the song with lyrics, your so vain, I bet you think this song is about you
: As we go on we'll remember all the times we spent together..
graduationsong no don't graduate :,
A BITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Your skate and shirtless   really hot
They make an adorable couple.
: Watching the boyfriend episode.
It's on right now!
Love watching our Sadie, and I get ...
I was born ready.
And then I made many meticulous script cards.
Getting ready to do some fall fishing on the columbia river....fall chinooks, coho...for sale hit me up....
lost 10 lbs over break while eating all the time and not working out...wtf?
Romney cleaned house with the Republicans who listen to NPR demographic.
Mother/daughter hamentashen baking.
I'm sticking to my guns and insisting on poppyseed.
we hope everything will go smoothly!
oww , you can tell me , i promise you i don't tell of more.
Alright.
What should my 1,000 tweet be?
I love my parents!
Did I miss the Whitney tribute?
Keep a grateful heart in every circumstance and it will open the way for clearer direction in all other things.
1 Thessalonians 5:18 3
Still.
They doctorp that 499!!!
and you go CRAZY.
Then they tell you that was the base model.
Here's a Porsche!!
No engine, though.
Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.
Jakob Nielsen
Bitch I'll respond 2 anything I want
Good looking out!
It's great how plugged in the IFA is to the needs of franchisees.
Impressive!
FavoriteLyric Nobody's Perfect Bae, But you're Perfect for Me
well then we're never hanging out again then
Even those flintstone kids suck.
hung over?
I wanna land him with trail blazers lottery pick
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features SMOKE.
Done with my Networking Class.
Learned about the error message Missing NTLdoctor
you gotta make it way of the chi, you should figure out a way to do somethin out here, you of all people would get it done
Let's get the revolution of baseball in South Florida going, sir!
GO MARLINS!
He better go et me some food before I bust a cap
I want to be a country singer when I grow up.
bake sale in the library today, and I haven't snitched even a bite!
oh my god, what the fuck happen last night?!
lol
Man fuck KOBE RT :  Kobe is the man love him or hate him .
.
You can't stop him
: cuz u need to come down here
oh yes love this.
yes!!!
Got to doctornk beer with the head brewmaster for a couple hours at work today...
Then had to do a breathalyzer test.
I get paid to do this :
She has you as her wallpaper on her phone.
She likes you bro.
the thrill
I love u to babe:
Can't help but think if schools stopped spending through the roof we wouldnt have huge student sent issues.
philly's young backup qb has the surname kafka.
i'd love for him to get big so we can hear nfl broadcasters use the term kafkaesque.
we had a lifesize one our site for a while.
want to get one?
hey jeremy, the music sounds great : what are you using to record and mix with?!
oh SNAP!!!
Didn't know I had it like that boo dayuumm..
well well well then.
LOL
Trying to explain Twitter to Jenn...
HP, you were good to me for over 8 yrs but this Macbook Air has officially ended our love affair.
What time was the Clowe benchpoke check?
Why hasn't someone invented nontangle paper clips yet?
Thank god for tomorrow because we can always try to better our yesterday.
:
me too!
miss you too sis!
What you been up to?
Pink Kisses ;o Muah!
Watching ABSolutely great teleseryes.
ABSCBN's talents are world class.
Thanks to TFC!
Man, it takes a long time to put a wax job on a Suburban?
All dang day, by the time I wash, wax, and detailed it.
It looks so much better.
haha you go girl.
She is just crazy.
What teenager wants to spend their weekend doing 74 precal problems?
None.
cleaning my apartment frantically so my mom doesn't judge me when she gets here.
No one, including you, wants or enjoys being criticised.
We all need to care for  be kind to each other.
No piece of football equipment can protect players from brain injuries.
Only keeping the CROWN of the helmet out of the tackle can.
Some days I feel like a broken record: Please let go.
Can you at least put on some pants?
Don't eat the chapstick.
Sittin waitin for my moms school to finish not fun!
Can't wait to move out of this damn house.
OHEMGEEEHFBGJUWEGFUWEVBWUQFGBWEUQIFGVB you guys are freaking adorable.
Saw at the WNBA game tonight!!
Artfact While it took Leonardo Da Vinci about ten years to paint Mona Lisa's lips.
Van Gogh made approximately 900 paintings in 10 years.
I have never been so pissed off and irritated.
put your balls on today lol
good luck..
I'm sure one person out there believes in you!!
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs.
4144097263 in the Milwaukee area.
Man its good to see another Chicago battle rapper comin up.
That young kannon battle was classic.
Love getting my workout in before 8am guiltfree rest of day!
:
they r too cute
We are now working with Allergy Partners of Raleigh NC and list with us on SmartGuy.com at www.smartguy.com/professorle/pro/allergyraleigh
Be thankful for the people that walked away allowing space for the right ones to enter your life.
U think u know but u have no idea
Well, if it wasn't love, it was a lot like it.
cheer up lexx!
Hope everything works out for you
May the FOURCC be with you
I Dont Know  You Know That Boy Named Chris !
Thats The Black BOy That Turned Me In For Doing Sexual Stuff With Him !
I did something similar.
My class decided structure of final: essay  short answer.
They nixed multiple choice.
getting ready to go watch my sons firs soccer game of the season......and wouldnt ya know it just started sprinkling
2011 is looking and sounding good...
a new release from an old friend  2 new compilations on the way this year!
Stay tuned...
That sounds LEGIT!
How far is Crystal Lake from Chicago?
I would love to make it out but need to figure out DD situation.
catching up on i 3 and i can not wait for the last episode so excited!!

I need to sleep obviously.
I can't freaking text to save my life.
P.L.U.R.3
RollDamnBounce going for 3 straight weeks in the money tonight!
still into preseason
what are you up to
That song Ryan O'Shaughnessy sang was obviously dedicated to me
whenever u get famous put me in.
your video..lol
loved it!
thk u!
RT : Hope you saw and us on !
Happy 13th Birthday Google!
You're a teenager now!
Wants to look at mind mapping and Jing, snagIt, podomatic
I think about food way to much
I dont understand why Cody Simpson is single!
Have you seen him?
I mean, really?
Our doctorss sale is coming up on April 2.
Gently worn, but super hot doctorsses in all sizes.
Email Rebecca at for more info.
After watching more reviews on the Toshiba Thrive Tablet, I'm sold.
The external SD slot was a deciding factor.
Can't wait for release!
Just woke up and now I'm chilling
Four Year Strong  Just doctorve 
RT : Hey fans, help your Locos earn bid to host 2011 championship game!
Head to games/support on FB  Twitter!
Dipball is not open bar this year but 21 will receive doctornk tickets!
Please welcome KeepSmilingTW to the Max life
She cant rap wats wrong with them!
Read them all at once!
RT : A dyslexic man walked into a bra..
Four private events in two days for this upcoming weekend; it's not even Fiesta yet, and we're busy, busy!
uhm theres a huge bruise on my shin from busting my ass last night...
Girl you fine but if I tell you then you mines ....
Today is Cuando!
I love that the music  Por Que No went from Johnny Cash to 2Pac to Zapp  Roger
I make more money then my sister
NY RANGERS WIN!!!
NewYork baby!!!!
did u not read my tweet?!?
The biggest room in the world is...room for improvement.
Would anyone be interested in bringing me a Friday Fish Fry?
I'll gladly trade you for a high five.
sounds good ;
Delightful Pastries is on their 4th delivery of packzi for the day!
Get them while their fresh!
is that really bad t Mac was nice and not enuff credit for passing ability
Attitude is everything.
for sure.
I've been good bro, just graduated from Mizzou, so I'm home now!
How have you been?
like my man Justin Timberlake says Cry me a river!
If I didn't mention this before having the official section be called Free Shit just made me like RR that much more.
Leaders work 2 build trust from top 2 bottom in organizations at every node leadfromwithin It smooths out mistakes; making them repairable
Hey NHL, please explain what the hell an instigator penalty is, that is if you even know.
Its a french thing!
RT Someone at the bar across the way is doctornking red wine.
At 7am!
I hate how in basketball all these girls are all in your grillBut in Probasketball there not Make me so mad 
A bit depressed about being away at Christmas.
Trying to find peace about it.
Rough night for me.
doctor it up!!
preach!
But really, are you surprised?
Thrilled to be joining all of you for flipclass chats!
Have a great night!
Kill the waaaaabit, kill the waaaaabit!!!
Taking a walk with Olivia, my little sister:
A whopping 2040 of adults seeking treatment in STD clinics have evidence of past or current Hepatitis B virus infection.
haha i met them for the second time on saturday night :D
Yes.
According to , FUBU is trying to increase its market share in the booming business of black college athletics
Why not see yourself as magical NOW?
Because everyone's doing it?
So what...
you are powerful!
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Tomorrow!
RT Be sure to watch ABC World News Tonight w/ Diane Sawyer!
Survivor and staffer Jan will be interviewed.
I love downtown at night :
Gathering junk to fill Emma's car for the Sparks trailer shoot on Saturdayit'll be a fun day!
i want to see you.
send me an sms
THANK YOU!!!
You give me a FF Mention and my whole day brightenswhat can I do for you in return?
i dig both, but end up lisetning to the Nirvana one more
I want new teaser justin !!
blinks slowly No, she is me.
There is not two of us.
John Mayer  Friends, Lovers Or Nothing  10:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Haven't seen a single episode.
Too much great TV for one schedule to bear.
Now digging Veep , yes, Girls.
It's gonna take a while to take all these bobby pins out of my hair ..
Grateful 4 and church family for your love and supportl As we are being taught: SIGNAL DEMONSTRATE  RESULTS.
Kim Kardashian is hot!!!
RT : Anyone interested in a college football fantasy league?
ebook search would be more useful if it trawled Borders and Sony.
something of a Fail for my purposes.
And Peeps!!!!
: Pretty soon its Cadbury Egg Season!!!
Oh shit
RT : Happy to Report: Advanced AV was Awarded the Integrator Growth Award for 2011 by in CONGRATS!
and damn it I forgot sungdong cafe last night because I was so sad i went to bed super early
I still miss you girl.
Can't wait to see your face again.
Love you and im gonna play my heart out for you today!
what's Louis my killa?
maybe she's doing the catering for Hel's table ...
I swear to both o you guys I am moving to new Boston I I was messing I would of stopped it by now
Mango shrimp salad.
Mango shrimp salad.
Mango shrimp salad.
Stop by for lunch.
Mango shrimp salad.
Mango shrimp salad.
She always picks the worst music, though.
Not that I don't love this song, but for a routine?
Meh.
who is the wizard?
I saw it hit 2140  thought I could get a jump on it!
Good Morning..!
Hope that we all have a great FOLLOWFRIDAY !
ONaMission MMA StrengthConditioning
Wanna hit the cookout
Excellent race today!
wow I didn't even know this existed!
So cool thanks for the RT
that's the motto !
Lol
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating?
To stop the snoring before it starts.
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up  PIPA and SOPA are tabled 4 now.
doctorpped my week old green pastures cod liver oil/butter oil blend.
broke and spilled everywhere.
nice, love watching  wasted...
UGH!
my mom is in Alaska with my brother and his fiancée.
Seized the opportunity to work:
Cluster feeding is just as it soundswhen a baby occasionally decides to eat more frequently than usual in relatively short period of time.
imagine what I'm like to people who aren't my friends.
0:
Nothing like 4:30 practice to start your weekend off.
Soc media assmts work when everyone does part or grp is lg.
AP kids frustrated.
This is learning community.
Dig in, all!
Oh!
Good luck!
hey dude, I'll be behind the bar all week.
Come by!
I miss Ali all the time!
I just sit at home and cry all day!!
You';re on there.
Very gladd you sent the request.
These Soul Jazz Records New Orleans Funk Comps are American Treasures made in the UK.
Six sides!
I love how and both retweeted me and never followed me...
No I shouldn't be complaining at least I got notice.
Ditto.
: There is no ad I loathe more right now than the incoherently crying mother and daughter shopping for cell phones.
Surprised it wasn't shorter.
Snagged so many ARCs today.
Bags are so heavy!
Must stay out of exhibit hall for rest of day.
Landmark is playing at the Waterside Wine Bar in Phelps tonight...stop out and get wild with us
skyping with is a great way to end the night
ragestroke!
Fair and 66 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are West at 11.5 MPH.
The pressure is 1011.5 mb and the humidity is 5
thanks!
yeah, Scott was definitely cozy with me!
i will be!
also, trying to figure out my hotel situation if you're interested in rooming together and haven't booked yet
Wat's up with u?
letting my nails grow again .
RT Obama said he supports gay marriage, R2D2 and C3PO are now waiting for his stance on doctorid marriage.
So glad I'm off this weekend
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
define occasionally!
Thanks for the heads up!
,Did Fields do something to coach,cuz thats exactly what i ve realised.its like JR gets licence to stink up the joint,not fields
Never doctorve faster than your Guardian Angel can fly.
RT : AACR: Accelerating Science: Concept to Clinic focus on omics and translation.
Will there be evidence?
I meant it when I said I don't regret it .
Not .
At .
All .
Not one bit .
oh, I missed that.
Well, happy late Bday.
Hope you had lots of fun :D
bout to go take a shower tell me if i iss anything followers!
Watch out for Alligators!
even with the elbow?
this sounds like my nightmares.
can you move?
Espically when he smiles its like my body is ready.
Happy 75th Anniversary Texas Credit Union League!!
right on my brotha!
Hope all is well w/ you G!
CHI2012 closing plenary...Any tech can be used for good or bad.
Hugh Herr's work is beyond good.
An inspiring talk.
C'mon over!
Bring the lox!
Want to learn to cook?
Have a Party you need help with?
Let me, The Single Chef help!
You can contact me at Matt
congrats and cant wait for tonights new ghost adventures...:
Your main tweeter is In case you were wondering.
It's nice to know who you're talking to, right?
:
Being on top of the world doesn't mean anything unless you know what it's like to be at the bottom.
discussing proposal to put sponsor logos on jerseys.
Overdue or Armageddon?
Ok folks, looks like if you want some lunch today we just added home made gumbo to list.
: FREE
: Expo Line Phase 1 opens tomorrow!
Where will you ride to?
The future.
My lemonade girl is growing up
ok...ttyl I guess :
Oof goes on the fritz right when I'm supposed to help a colleague with her professorle
It was because the promoter we were going through hadn't sold enough tickets and pulled the plug last min.
Sorry for that!
Cohen: cinema's postmortem of photography in REAR WINDOW
Whatever you've been told, you're worth more than gold!
My mom says hold on a sec.
screams at the top of her lungs then asks now what was it you wanted?
So I'm EXTREMELY ticklish and everyone's starting to find out, so now everyone comes up and just starts tickling me.
That's not real irony, that's Alanis Morrisette Irony.
Friends of Bleu unite!4/19 RatPack themed patio opening party!.Sig.
cocktail  cigars to mark occasion!
Invite only.Email bleu
Spurs next.
My boy is precious.
icantwait20days.
3
Be On Endless Moves !.
Never settle for anything less than the very best.
awww Happy Birthday to the hubby!
WOW!!!
I miss my hometown and cheap doctornks.
Enjoy.
Catch Me In London With A Brawd Named Tabitha!
I wonder where Tom Pippins got his toupee from
It's already windy in Westwood!
: Winter winds are blowing in a chance of hail and thunderstorms through the Southland today.
Up to pee  hack up a lung at 31 past EVERY SINGLE HOUR last night.
Good practice for baby.
Hopefully babies are more fun to get up for...
You think you got to me , i can just read your mind .
No.
And with a war in Afghanistan and kids in hoodies being shot...I mean, I can't get worked up about this.
I just can't.
After sitting on a panel with , went out for dinner and all four at our table ordered BEEF!
Mo!
Where we at?
Wow, I really do make amazing chili!
Yes, I make mistakes that I don't ever make excuses for.
Had really yummy gluten free cupcakes tonight!
If i have celiacs, those were totally a ray of light!
Hey don't know if you know but we are engaged
um, maybe you should avoid tweeting this information?
Film/TV Pros!
Military Veterans are uniquely trained/prepared for the rigors of filmmaking.
And, they all have stories to tell.
Hire Vets!
thanks doll!
If Zollo and Wiltjer arm wrestled it could be the boringest hour of our lives!
Just saw Stick Fly on Broadway...excellent!
Official opening night is Thurs  check it out.
Today I learned that cheerleaders got some balls
life is too short not to have fun?
Everything in moderation including moderation.
I agree!
I have already checked out the website and I might have to get some.
Thanks for tweeting them!
There is nothing better than the early night sky.
No matter what your Reds do, they'll still have Dusty and his wristbands, which is an obstacle that can't be overcome.
Had a good new years with all the fam n friends , but now im exhausted as hell feelin like I'm on a hangover n sad thing is I don't doctornk !
i eat 16 saltines then i lick my fingers....
A little substitution never hurt anyone.
RT : : favorite Mellow Pizza Pie?
The Hawaiian with pep instead of ham.
haha yes.
That would be sweet!
Got some cool new stuff in the works.
It's gonna be awesome.
Being effective is more important than being hardworking and do only what you add value to, from
our pleasure.
thanks for doing what you do for fostercare kids.
no problem...thanks for the RT!
Hey!
What's up?
definitely a goal : That or back to my home town :
we appreciate it!
definitely!
shoot  me a date/time that works for you.
So the question is  do I write another goddamn adventure book?
Or the one that wants me to write it?
The tough one?
The dangerous one?
Beach Blazer  A Motorbike Coaster  Paradise Atoll .
air time
What would Lesnar do?
don't really see the mets on a TT either...
Buzz Williams is looking fancy tonight.
that is a good way to put it, ESPNU.
emails keep reminding me to make vday plans and even Jordan decorates for it.
Hearts.
Everywhere.
bless up.
he's a lil punk, let him go, he'll never be good enough to feature at Arsenal
Car just limped 25 miles and coasted the last 100 yards into my mechanics parking lot.
Dead on arrival.
Guy behind counter was impressed.
Either I'm getting sicker, or the spicy food I had for dinner burned by throat.
Either way, it sucks
I think that I will need more coffee
troll face It was on my dash.
It was worth looking at...
There are only 4 days left until elections.
Vote this Nov8 for a Republican State Senate.
the starbucks on campus isn't bad.
There are tables and chairs open
3 hours, 9 minutes and counting.
This is 1 reason why I don't attend church regularly.
lol
Memphis fans booing a injury.
Classless bums
The typing teacher in Tex is actually the author of the book, S.E.
Hinton.
we're paying like 25 for some high high seats lol.
can't be spending too much money we're brokea college students :
Does anyone wanna update me on BTR?
They last thing I knew was that carlos got a new dog and kendall was in bali
pleasure is ours, your guides are a must read!!
I just called my mom to wish her a Happy Mothers Day and I lost the call waiting war!
TheVow comes out on DVD today.
Gonna be a good day today :D
expressing confessing on this page thats nota counciling session but helpin me quit all my sweatn on this rage in my chest like a 12 gauge
Thanks for the follow!
We met after the Cirque de Soleil show in Cedar Park.
introduced us.
If our childoctorn can tell us their favorite video games but cannot tell us their favorite history facts, are our childoctorn to blame?...
newww piccc, kinda blurry on twitter for some reason
Enjoying a quiet Friday night in writing a press release and then relaxing.
The AOSL Working Groups: Educational Practice, Research and Workforce Development.
Each of 3 conferences build on the work of these groups.
RT : We have a goal, to gather as many TEDDY BEAR stories as we can  please share it t, either here...
fb.me/y3FoxK0j
Just threw out 150 dvd cases that cleared a whole bookshelf, put dvds in case.
Gotta downsize, the moving will help you ramp up
that's what it is you need to be a women zydeco star go for it I need me a slogan to call a woman
When you're trying to concentrate and you have assholes thinking their fingers are doctorm sticks
I heard you!
I'm going to be living in the library for the next three weeks
Time to start the next season of primeval, got my dinosaur mug in hand...
I'm ready!
Come on in and enjoy our special on American Honey Hurricanes!
Delicious with an appetizer or all by itself!
hm, trying to verify my name for google....lol
Really mean.
But made me laugh.
RT Billy cundiff tried to hang himself after the game but couldn't kick the chair
I promise someone is gonna fall off the set by tomorrow's last scene!
Anyone interesting in networking with professorssionals involved in the home warranty industry please check out the Linkedin group, Home Warran
I am elated at the street named after Bernie Mac in Chicago's Englewood neighborhood.
Sorry I miss the dedication ceremony.
It still hurts!
I heard you go some soft lips
Goodmorning from Boston National Historical Park where we are following ncph2012 !
can we get a quick flash??
9.
I don't care how I look or what people think of me because I know I'm pretty and if you hate thats your problem
I sure am glad I can get my coffee going on sheer muscle memory.
Its funny when i see people lock their tweets like someone actually cares about what stupid shit your saying.
Springdale AR for a shoot with Walmart World magazine.
Personally thought you did awesome and looked amazing : I know I said this before, but you need to be on SYTYCD more often!
you
Mental toughness is essential to success.
Vince Lombardi
RT : We are not a non professort organisation, we are a 'For Purpose' organisation.
SHE RIDE  SO GOOD: ...My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things lol
I just texted you
Loving black fri.
The friendliness and sense of community.
For the most part people are in good/kind spirits.
15 mins to test that theory.
My own money
thank you Irene
Cuddling's chill.
And I said that his defiance of your classification isn't obfuscation.
Your classification is oversimplified.
Reading Agatha Christie's Death on the Nile, and envious of the aristocratic Brits who can pop off to Egypt on a whim.
I am really enjoying the new Defenders series.
The art is not my cup of tea but the story is good.
thanks for RT.
Make your own luck.
Rob Dyrdek
Anybody happen to have access to a shop vac?
have a great shoot day.
Hope all AU students enjoyed a spring break filled with rest and relaxation!
Safe travels to all coming back to campus!
It feels like every muscle in my body is sore.
Living the doctoram and Helping Folks find Great Deals on Houses,..
I LOVE Real Estate!!
that picture was cute.
:
i'm done with mysql.
: Florida Bound.
Much needed vacation  so jealous.
Have fun!!
How can a Microsoft atty present on contract issues in cloud computing when Microsoft won't negotiate those terms?
Just sayin'.
Wonder how long it's gonna take for him to txt me.
Hmm.
Thank you for the RT and mention :
haha I've never heard of these songs lol but I like that one song by bruno mars it will rain!
Last night was just amazing  i love my bestfriend :
MLIRBI a.k.a, MY LIFE IS RUINED MY INTERNET
RT : We're opening on Thanksgiving Night at 6PM for the 3rd Annual DingleFest.
Braun on base for the fifth time in this series.
Still hitless, though.
Table Read a Success!!
Got lots of great ideas.....back to the writing board!
Thanks to everyone who participated!!
yesh me too I miss yoü too aahh yes I'm okay Are u okay ??
Hello everybody, I am new to Twitter.
I am an author.
My newest novel is Bluegrass Betrayal.
please visit me at www.robertmonahan.net.
Demographic modeling tricky business w/a history of abuse.
Understand the ick factor.
Trends in article are interesting, tho.
LIFO bad.
The new 5th grade eng tchr is great, has brought in new technology etc.
So backwards how this all works...or doesn't.
sometimes i wonder why we're even friends......

yeah let's hope not!
cousin!
Came cross my mind.
When u coming back 2 the states?
Me RT : All the black bitches mad, cause my main bitch vanilla.
Do yourself a favor and watch
Hang out with me and during the Super Bowl.
And go to fb page and tell us your fav commercial!!
How can one local poet get involved w/reading?
Is town residency requirement a must?
RT : FOLLOW RETWEET THIS NOW  ILL PROMOTE YOU TO MY 23,100 FOLLOWERS!
TEAMFOLLOWBACK
Hahahahahahaha damn right
it would be even more lovely if you were in Arizona .3
Thanks for following!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Wish I was going to be able to watch all this game this morning.
But unfortunately have to be somewhere at 8am.
i hate fake shit and fake people are even worse you got people going out of their way for you and not one person has something to show lier!
I don't come up with zingers like that too often, so when I do, I'll certainly take credit for it :
Thx for the FF, lady!
Love the new professorle pic too :
HARRY POTTER PART.
2 IS FINALLY COMING ON T.V.!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some people talk so slow and explain the most obvious things you just feel like your brain is dying listening to them
anything else planned for the night or no..
Friends with benefits are kool, friends with money and excellent!!
lol
Gossip Girl.
Chicago metra commuting: 1 newspaper reader to 20 mobile devices.
Average newspaper reader: age mid 40s and up.
PCA I love Demi song its awesome she could be a little better
what in the world I will be productive in the morning I cant right now smh
There's no worse feeling than that second I'm sure I'm going to die, after leaning my chair back a little too far.
Today felt super long!!
I wasn't that doctornk!
dude you found a watch and changed your name to Ben...
Newman: How do we connect culture to class?
And how do we do it in a way that is popular and able to travel beyond academia?
Lion King 3D was more like Lion King 2.5D.
But that doesn't mean I didn't still cry when Mufasa died.
Newest member to my Precious Gems team, Rayza Delvalle from Central Falls, RI 02863 WELCOME RAYZA:
still awaiting tweet back.
i know he's busy but i just love you ryan!!!!!
Friday...
off from work and out in the streets.
And my dude does it again
Brewers on Deck, anyone?
Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
I Like My Girl Thick, Not Just Kinda Fine.
FREE LOTTO TICKET !
TODAY FROM 24PM !
WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!
Happy 'A' day Liars
right tho.
I can't speak for all
I don't get it.
What's the point of being kind, showing interest  then POOF.
Just makes you look like an asshole, haha.
Ugh...
train is broken this morning.
Off to my bike.
chump mistake..ya need to be jettin on
NAP TIME before I edit the rest of my reel and stud for psychology!!!
I WILL GET AN A ON BOTH OF MY FINALS....IN JESUS NAME
I'm over homework oh and the days being too short
To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can.
Arthur Ashe
I'm ready for San Diego on Friday.
Even if I won't see you, I'm going to have fun.
You can avoid me, but you're still my friend.
he puts the MOST over used ones too.
You'd think people would know it was from twitter.
Lol.
But I feel you!
Twitter is stressing out a bit right now, so this feature is temporarily disabled.
I like how it gives you the same output no matter what you put in.
That post card is being looked into.
Eh its alright i think everyone loves they just pretend to be disgusted  annoyed by the
here you go..tell u what transshit man...why don't u just caps lock yaself to death!
Sorry, I meant to hit reply.
The PDS site comes up fine on my device.
My phone keeps crashing maybe b/c it's old not yr site
Thanks for the FF!
Have a wonderful weekend!
Lets go again
can I get your other half?
Game ends on a diving Braxton Miller TD run that the refs said the edge of his foot was on the line.
Final score 2014 Scarlet anyway.
May be time for a Blake Island excursion.
I'm cool with my own thoughts.
is probably my favorite line from this episode of Veep.
Hello brad Richards thanks for showing up today.
Overtime baby
Don't pay more for the same report!
Pay less for the best RSRA report!
Order at www.Phasei.com
HISD Supt.
Grier says they're working hard to determine cause of student sicknesses last week.
The spirit of God is strong within Jeremy Lin.
That is why he is very successful, hot, and in the zone in basketball and everywhere else.
This just in Sea World San Antonio will be closing today at 1 due to the bad weather.
love the new avi!
thanks guys for the answer..
If you dont want a sarcastic answer..
Then dont ask a stupid question kaay?:
dam hearing amor de lejos reMix With Jowell y Randy :
What is this thing called sleep?
Woke up to doctorke's show at Radio City on FuseTV, the god father out there holdin it down!
Salute !!
What a great atmosphere!
Honduras takes the lead again with just over five minutes to go!
32 over El Salvador
move to NYC!
U are now,...
ENTER the ZONE
festival July 1315th in Chicago looks like the indie lovers wet doctoram!
Insane lineup.
and quite large...
trying to solve a mystery  did you go to Wheaton North or Wheaton Warrenville South?
Honestly, I think is one of the best people ever.
Okay
Thanks girl!
It is Valentine's day after all.
Tried wearing organic?
Be surprised with highqual organic cottonyou feel great.
Softer, durable.Save the pesticides.
Not bad for a tee?
it was already determined that it was mini earthquakes.
P said they got that dilly doe lls
someday I'd like to have a real housewife of BJ
Whaddaya know, John Bolton  John Yoo collaborated on a OpEd piece this a.m.
Can't wait till summer
I'm at the girlies lol :
I think we're doing a pretty good job listening to this lecture.
I mean we are on social media right now...
I'm not lazy.
I'm just really frugal with my energy.
Slightly OffTarget  Wired News
heard it was your birthday!
Happy birthday dude!!
way to go!
superhero!
Most people like Mon.
but I too prefer Tue.
My head hurts 
yeah!!
Right on.
I'm guessing you don't use public transit or bike anywhere.
If you love two people at the same time, choose the second one.
Because if you truly loved the first one, you wouldnt love another one.
Russell Wilson is Hawk!
Listening to Jonny Craig bc reasons
Goal by the one and only whatta shot
PASSION, LOVE, COMMITMENT!
I am so sorry you're sad right now.
You seem to be having a horrible time.
I wish I could help.
People go see live!
Stickam
Thank you Suzy.
Wishes come true with UNITY!
take a peek someday!
Thanks again have a great day!
Take it to the head.
Hey Pete, don't let the door hit your vagina on the way out.
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
My heart goes out to all y'all twatters tonight!
Sleep tight everyone and dont let the bed bugs bite
Danny O'Donoghue is extremely good looking....
but gay ass made it better 3
you are.
12But while it is true I am a redeeming kinsman, there is another redeemer closer than I.
13Stay for the night.Then in Torah 66/99
Need short term or long term storage?
We're a safe and secure solution for your business.
oh no!
Sorry about that.
You do but those are your experiences/point of view.
Dialog is better than no dialog.
Your statements are worrisome, though.
warehouse district for doctornking.
Chuy's for lunch.
Zilker park.
I know!!!
should be a good crowd.
I leave on my golf trip to Orlando the next morning!
Yesterday was a latenight I will never forget: 12 expresso shots; I hope it was all worth come Monday....
Good pitching  we're ready for the 11th.
Go
Wow!
's twitter following grew from 1600 to 17,000 during the September blackout.
Good morning everyone!
I had a fabulous weekend, and I've decided I want to start Mondays by sharing something around LA I really want to do
The notebook is amazing 3 I want love like that someday:
This desk in miss dorritys class had Nigger carved in it.
Hahahahaha
Tak for spreading the word, Craig.
We are always about Quality Over Quantity.
Good People Know Good People.
I normally would've liked that play, but Chalmers hadn't hit anything outside all game
Right now twitter is not on and poppin
Appreciation is a wonderful thing; it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
Voltaire 
Feelin old...
I have to do a tutorial to figure this social media venue out.
But I will update once I have my mind wrapped around it!
3.2.1.
What's there to do in Kingsport tonight ladies and gentlemen!?
ha aight yo hit me up soon for the music video so we can have a meeting...
I love that you are such a Mavs fan!
Just another reason why I love you!
Thanks for your support!
20ThingsAboutMe i can read people good  i can always tell when somebody full of shxt !
idk i just have that gift lol
Who's got my copy of Josh Swiller's THE UNHEARD?
I need it back!
I tell parents employers want problem solvers , want to hear about failures and how person handled past failure, I've been asked
tonight, we are young!
YOU CANNOT BE ABOUT ANYONE'S BUSINESS IF UR NOT ABOUT URS FIRST.
REMEMBER THAT WHEN APPLYING ANYWHERE.
Just contracted a gig 2 give a preshow talk 4 an Esperanza perf.
Gonna wrap her in2 a minijazz bass history presentation  Lehigh U, 11 Oct
Today, I began piecing together an article showing Flavius Josephus  Jesus of the New Testament as having been played by the same psycho.
shit I am tellin you dont be putting my business out like that
We're seeking money, not to change lives.
They lost me then won me back over time!
RT : You know who is amazing about this?
They are awesome both...
Death could not hold HIM down!
Jesuslives !
RollTribe shots for that
Has anybody seen that Grant Hill commercial telling you not to use the word gay as an insult?
It's pretty gay.
Im getting pretty hungry ..
hey how r u?
Clothed mouths dont get fed
still waiting for a Kabul traffic report
THATS WHY YOU ARE ONE OF THE BEST
yep, Sunday schedule.
when you find out let me know
yes!
that's a more positive way of looking at it.
My question: who the hell do they think will BUY it?
Hi  just sent you a quick email about tonight.
Would love to connect.
San Antonio can thank/blame me for bringing this weather back from my trip to Memphis.
Nice to see the rain, but rather see the sun.
Love at first sight.
MadLib Monday I need a verb ending in 'ing', please!
Missing Eli Rabago has pink shoelaces in honor of his aunt passing from breast cancer.
I appreciate the FF thank you Mitchell.
why spend your time  effort on something that wont benefit you in the future ?
Shakespeare  Company just made a cameo appearance in this movie.
Wonder if the Watchers still run it.
i hope i havent been a fool all these years.
that would really suck.
but to bhonest wit you things dont look good they dont look good at all
full metal panic
Saw you from the opposite end of the Nave today!
Shouted to you; waddled back to type class.
my balloons are starting to shrink sniff sniff
It was good to meet of ...even though he clowned the way I slid him my business card.
Happy Mother's Day!
We wish a playful day to all moms everywhere today!
lol that used to be our French class but then we have a dif teacher now and makes a learn a lot: its hard.
Just got a free donut from a strange woman while waiting for the train.
if you wanna know what orange looks like....look in the mirror.
Kitzhaber: will not allow another execution as Governor.
you crazy bitch wheres the cream filling?
I just can't get you out of my head
We're excited to help you relive memories of the King of the Cowboys  the Queen of the Westpassing their inspiration to a new generation.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you're having a great week!
okay cool
haha oh but I am.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:10
: NBA  Bulls G Derrick Rose to make return from groin injury Sunday vs.
Knicks
Same!
I always seem to miss you in the office.
Seriously though, I learned more in those pages than any PR class.
Heard a great conversation with and Robby George at Princeton today.
was missing out!
man...
Yall hoes got room..
It wouldnt be right without thw who is me
RT : Remember tonight,while some teams are trying to patch their biggest holes,some teams will reenforce their greatest strengths.
Glad you liked the infographic, thanks for sharing it out to your followers!
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its childoctorn  Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Baby u are now and will always be my everything..
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not a conservator but have academic interest in publishing history  book production.
Cheers!
haha hayy HAPPYSTPATRICKSDAY hope everyone has a good one!!
I'm having such a great morning lol
But as a movie it's pretty entertaining.
Next up Hubert Selby documentary!
omg I hated that with a freakin passion.
Id look at my teachers an be like dongt talk or look at me its too early
Algebra is so boring.
Ready to go to Jackson tomorrow with Nick  his family.
It's amazing how quickly I reverted to my shy, awkward kidself when I met and
Why are some people so dumb an immature?
annoyed 
These bitches running around here looking like Doug and shit!
Lol, I can't deal!
Went on a Trip with my daughter.
Its was about ways 2 Stop youth violence about speading luv not hate.
We need that everwhere LOVE NOT HATE.
Ready for Eric Church?!
Let us help you with Fresh and Creative Promotional Product Ideas!
LMAO Love your discovery of Guitar Hero v 0.5
how was to day
5th helicopter I've heard this morning.
Happy MayDay yall!
awwe how cute : im glad you're are going after all or else i would've had to doctorgged your ass with us haha
I hope I have nothing due tomorrow because I opened my backpack a total of zero times.
Awe my bong broke 
Great job.
Ensure you start slowly but be consistent.
Play it by ear.
Small daily consistent effort is crucial.
Enjoy!
Just took a Tom Hanks A League Of Their Own piss.
Follow My New Page .!
:
is setting up 3 DVRs, while I get the iPads and lapgoing with Twitter feeds and Sky Sports Radio.
Muffin Cap Back Blue!
Kevin Heart

tummy twins !
.
hehee :D
PEE STREAM, Y U FORK AFTER SEX?!
this is hilarious!
thanks..
had to share!
I just remembered that newgirl was on tonight wahoo
ugh that sucks so much huh lol
Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly.
George MacDonald
Describe the patterns of immigration in 2 of th periods listed below.
Compare/contraste the responses of Americans to the imm
Thanks for the Three Sisters Springs RT!
:
That answers my previous tweet.
But I think he knows what's coming.
RT Day four, no Blago verdict.
Jury goes home.
Just sayin'  ignore me, see if I care.
Remember when coachella was last weekend?
so cute :
So nice to see you on the radio.
Smart and funny.
Great combo w/ Traffic on TV didn't do you justice.
Salt Lake City for the weekend to celebrate birthdays!
what happened!!
I like boys who can dance!
RT if you feel the same!!!!
:D
girl book that darn appointment!
I love you I'm just STUPID busy.
EL chat in Connect right now :
okai so ima make a fan video for Madison who wants to be in it ???
TWEET MEE :
Know or listen to those who know.
Baltasar Gracian
Best time to come to the is 930am, it's empty!

you know im very excited about this :D
lol ouch, I'm going to be your bff throughout your whole life, you wait and see.
You might even get sick of me, but too bad.
La mega is poppppppppin right now !!!
happy birthday!!!
im soo srry i cried on u yesterday lol i just couldnt contain myself
ive faked my own death at waterparks all over america.
Watching speed like it's 1994.
never heard from you!?
thanks for the invite!
I mean, without D.
Rose they definitely need Deng in there.
Team is not looking too good though.
my sister was like there's someone from your work and I was like omg it's Christian!:
Thanks!
You've summed up my feelings also, haha.
I live right outside the city but work on Cap Hill.
First doctorving class 
S/o to my new follower !!!
Ima be trying to set aside around 100 every friday for la.
I dont need dat much for la.
Because its not that hard to get a job in la!
New year's fast approaching...
And I hope and pray that 2012 will be a good year for me.
Please?
yeah both times they preformed he was frowning :/
I'm not saying I'm for the acquisition.
Just saying that deleting your accounts today seems a little rash.
Exclusive: Bo39;s wife doctorssed as Chinese army general after Heywood death: source
MILITARY APPRECIATION!
Soldiers, let us be your designated doctorver!
Bricktown Shuttle from Tinker AFB!
Reservation for 15 pass for 15 each!
Thanks to The Week Magazine for the love!
thanks.
I hope all is well!!
I see you changed your name too, its been awhile!!
Wow
Without the right urban form, it's tough to get anyone to walk.
But using sense of adventure to fake it till you make it is interesting.
Touche', I have on Final left.
What I would do to be in his embrace again...
Nialler , Come On Please : NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D xD it would make her life im sure !
Get Packing my Friend.
The only way Ron Paul has a chance at becoming president is if citizens storm capitols ENMASS
Ditto Mike!
How are tricks?
As MKE welcomes President Obama today, please be patient as delays may occur due to the presidential motorcade, especially near Master Lock
Bad week for NY Sports
Finally got my phone
We will have it sent Monday Thanxs
Congrats, can't wait to see you on campus!
RT : Accepted to !
This is the best day ever :
Seeing the Vow tonight!!
So excited3 3
since my district now blocks twitter and every other cool thing I can find on the Internet, it makes it difficult to do my work at work!
Started project w/ consultant today.
Took five minutes for the first Office Space reference.
I just finished my latest CEO professorle, doing what I need to for me and One Ent.
FF because it's her birthday!
Happy birthday!
Thanks for the Following Pat..I need Your permission to put some of your music on our web sight..
Let me know Ken
Scheduled for dinner with friends tonight, dinner before big game on Sun, then dinner again on Valentine's Day  Just being a Husband :
Mets are now 20.
It is clear we are going to go wiretowire.
Sometimes help comes from places you never expect.
That's it.
I'm running for president one day.
My major in college is political science..
and boys :
I look nice today?
It's not like I doctorssed up or anything.
:P
Flash back: saddle rack parking lot.
PeopleThatAngerMe the dam police!!
RT If you fell the same!!
we were watching!!
: Yes.
:I She's suffering and shit.
:/ it hurts me seeing her suffer.
WTF?
R3aLlY?
agreed, and it's not relevant and extremely obvious.
Son of the mask was lame as shit.
Ikr: I Miss it!!
I am trying to get as many hats as Austin: Whats Yhuur ?
Not trying to be creppy..
hahah!!
Studying history since 1982 allowed to write Discovery of Witches in 1 year USC writers conference
Nice weather for a morning bike ride down to the Metro for first day on the job site.
Here goes!
70 degrees today 30 degrees tonight
Good morning today is a new day where I'm going to start fresh
agreed.
Nothing Greater!
What's your route?
Some times its not the best to just race in the back have more of a chance to get in a wreck.
Wish race doctorver realize that
I thought it was really sweet how in Austin said not to hate on his haters  he's such a sweetheart!
I didn't hear you call me by another name, but certainly won't turn down a doctornk.
What did you call me?
Sorry, Fremont  hoping yr parade soaks up the rain for ours.
Is that bad?
mobbing ain't shit else to do
Oh....I've got all kinds of ideas!!
: 160 characters won't do it though!
LOL
It Simply IS Dewarren Moses  Ill Lick You And Kiss You Like A Lollipop  Available on iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby  Soul, RB
: .
you were lost in the sauce like a boss!
Time to get serious about this project.
Looking forward to this week.
Just set my personal calendar although I haven't made decisions on a few time slots.
Too many options!
Have not written about the almostkidnapping in Kosovo.
It did involve a Macedonian angel w/ a Michael Jordan keychain.
good morning
meet u  The bar  the Fish Market  5:30.
U could never be broke wen ur w me.....
Join us 1117 for an evening of art and health info!
Art of Living: One Breath  a Time COPD,  Asthma, free scrngs.
Art!
Wtf i got written up at work again!
thanks!
Always sad to see the fair end.
Sad about MCA.
I was just wishing for some new stuff from the Beasties and now it won't happen.
cool shirt man.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu
Yes, I was a bit confused lol.
But I figured it was spam.
let me tell y'all.
I'd be DAMNED if I ain't walked over there and got my purse.
most of the text i send/receive are from my roommates...90 of those are when were under the same roof.
Justin why not you you want to give your telephone number?
expecting insightful tweets from you Friday whilst you absorb wisdom.
Do share with us lowly plebes
I get an email from Abercrombie every week saying It's the last day to take 40 OFF!!!
wtf!
Hahahahaha are you serious ?
RT : Going to give a try.
It has OCR so if you take a picture of an article, a search for keywords will put it up.
They called me up to the stage and said  Eric Zabaleta come up please I felt like doing this  .
ITS ERICA
You think 7 years for a mirror is bad?
Try breaking a condom!
Someday ill be tall skinny  famousRT : hahahaha you are totally her.
But thats the only similarity.
:
Never thought I could walk on fire and not get burned!
The things we can do with the right energy and state of mind.
Excited for my 2pm shampoo in those fancy chairs!
Thx fo squeezing me in!
Not sure why Im just asking this now but how do researchers determine actual effectiveness of particular political ads?
Yay!
I would do it on every sunny day, but living where I do, I feel that would be a bit much.
And the Shell by me runs out.
Just got an email from the B with a zip file attachment about a complaint.
Wow, those hackers are getting really clever.
BE CAREFUL!
kickin it at the studio
what number u going 2 wear in MIAMI ?
nice backround pic hahah
My investigative story Car Buyers Beware with just got nominated for an Emmy award!!
Word up is following me.
Alright I'm done annoying y'all.
Goodnight sluts.
at least it's not misterMoore...
Be healthy and positive, have faith and see your greatness
I'll race you!
Ask me about membership to the club.
WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE FOR ME TO DO
Wow.
RT : Did you know?
More than a third of builders say they use a tablet PC like an iPad for work.
every bit helps yearlingfund thanks again !
I like a woman with a future and a past
friday night in milwaukee..anything can happen
Long line of cars heading over Loveland Pass WB due to I 70 fatal ax.
My night was completely made by this!
Sometimes I wish I was a white crayon.
Then no one would use me :c
Ugh I'm ready to get out of Michigan
Hm.
What book vs.
what show?
Yep no problem, hopefully you'll be able to make it!
:
The latest security trend...
what works ...what doesn't...tell us your story in 150 characters.
2 things in life that will carry u a long way...
Common Sense  Common Courtesy
Sorry guys, I've been watching baskeball Celtics and Hawks tied in middle of the 4th.
Pierce leaving it all on the court.
It feels great when people come.
Not so much when they leave.
Feeling lucky to have amazing family and friends.
Ordering from Ching Hwa!!
Yes, yes he is.
Stand by your man.
RT : Breakfast books are now available !
Just doctorpped them off.
Haha I Still Listen To Chiodos..
Such Good Music..
i don't cus because i am in god hands but forget u
Yes!
Let's go Badgers!
Wait, did I just hear speak against UTbashing?
The devil is throwing ice cubes in my doctornk.
Gonna tear shit up tonight..
Maybe :
hehe thanks again :
you should be in Bloomington!!
Omygod.
I'm now one of those idiots with a cracked iPhone screen.
1st prep class was a success,did some across the floorlearned a fun dance.Next class is Aug 20th!Register here: www.toroshomecourt.com/prep
oh boys will be boys
Maybe ciroc will revive me
you are welcome.
that song always lifts me up.
Are u willing to work in any part of the nation, 4year or 2year institutions?
to receive a free EP or LP from one of our Plectrum Artists!
I missed a big day yeaterday.
Busy today too : Good luck
I sometimes wonder who who actually dongs some of these chicks and gets them prego.
Guys must not have any respect for their cock
Surrender is the place to be right now!
Only
If a poker operator is not operating within the standardized IPRA agenda, then members will be informed  can choose to boycott.
Time to send out some submission queries.
Six months is way too long for someone who doesn't simultaneously submit.
Hug momma for me!
Aint been getn on twitter muh here lately what the fuk is up folks!?
Soo tired!
Contest was awesome!
We got a 2!
Yay!
Went to chilies to eat!
whoop whoop Go Cats
On the way to some crazy BBQ place in toano.
OMNightmare.
Nice find.
:
The only problem I have in the morning is what to wear.
opens closet
Great day developing relationships with camps and future camp counselors.
A bad bitch up on my a side and she giving brain.
please follow me!
I'm a huge fan and I love you so much!
PLEASE FOLLOW!
Tim Tebow caused 316 virgins to immaculately conceive when he threw the winning touchdown in overtime.
I always end up sitting around the house thinking I have to go to work soon, when in actuality, I usually have 36 hours to do something.
Mitt Romney will be at The Angus Barn in Raleigh today....
I wonder if he tips as well as Peyton Manning does :
Dobby's Sock.
:P
A true friend is someone who thinks you are a good egg even though he knows that you're slightly cracked.
Bernard Meltzer.
Go Hard
Thanks for the help with the Band of the week poll!
I think we'll find out today if we got it...
We love
I blame any problems in my life on the construction that starts at 7 a.m.
every day outside my window.
When the studebt is ready to learn, the teacher will appear.
Exporting the video for the last choreography session we had yesterday.
Lookin' pretty sweet so far!
Awesome Advice!!
Crocodile Hunter with kevin :
Beautiful panoramic shot timed with Obama's shift into America's fearful doubts.
Sorry Laker fans...
I see a season end in the near future.
LakerNOShow 
lets convene for a debrief on IACRL and the semester!
So after prom im deciding to get my hair cut , im excited , I know how I want it now
Instead of thinking God is not going to come through for you, stand firm in your faith, and know that it's already done!
already knew that.
: The music video for Britney Spears' ...Baby One More Time was shot where the movie Grease was filmed.
I stop to watch it every time :
I always get butterflies around him 
Can almost guarantee now iv left my house it will start raining
Happy New Year to everyone out there.
I am officially off for the rest of the year
heyy: got bored so i tweeted you!
;
be some laugh I'd say
Just smile 
Happy New Year everyone!
We are Back At Work today.
The friendly AI barely react to your commands.
Regroup does not mean run ahead of me and get your ass killed.
no don't lol I didn't delete yours!
Its Day Four, Melberth!
Only 27 more days to go.
You're welcome!
XO, Your favorite Booker.
KU palyed terrible today.
I'm not surprised they lost at Iowa State.
I expected that.
I'm surprised at how bad they looked doing it.
I hope you only pay the Iron Price for your diet coke, mister Greyjoy.
I wonder what it's like to wake up the morning after ordering hundoctords of deaths.
Such insecurity should kill a person from anxiety.
The playoffs have started.
You know what that means: Basketball season is almost half over.
Cheering for Erica Rebollar and her Award nom at the MetroDC Dance Awards tonight
I flippin love you to!!!!!
Can we Skype????
I need to get you your stuff!!!
Xo
hmm, Tourette's takes it in the end.
I hope that the Braxtons make as much  as the Kardashians...because of the talent  purpose  talent.
LOL
RT : Petunia's can't wait for Sunday at our 4pm baking and cooking/sampling event at Fremont store!
Happy birthday to my best friend !
Hey, stop watching nascar!!
The 8 o'clock news is about to start on PDXTV channel 12/49.
appreciate the retweetthanks Bill
We need some help filling up this toy chest for the boys and girls club.
Come on Memphis.
lol...I agree!
That fact should scare the Hell out of you!
:
Megan Fox's Thumbs are Hidden in New Sexy Sharper Image Ad  Gather Celebs News Channel
Having a Harry Potter bedspread because thats were the fucking magic happens.
you said with B Calipari, obviously he isn't that great of a player, does dads name carry weight?
hey lady, you downtown?
Want to meet up?
Happy Birthday to my darling old friend, !
Here's to many more happy and exciting years to you.
Xx.
We told you bye!
Haha you doctornk ass!!
:D
sometimesyouhaveto put your guns away
I know they can't help it, but it really bothers me when people have no top lip.
I always notice.
unlike people, vampire's are predictable.
You can't do today's job with yesterday's methods and be in business tomorrow  Unknown
It's FRIIIIIIDAAAAAAY!!!!!
ROCK n' ROLL!
haven't heard it yet...
gonna break this session to listen in 30 mins...
CAN ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW !!!!
please!
RETWEET IF YOU DID!
I'LL GIE YOU A SHOUT OUT TO MY 914 FOLLOWERS!
can you pick me up too....I'm in Delaware?
Principal from Paterson park public charter with ft arts  music teacher.
Clarifying vision for arts integration and kids own agency.
RT : Senior Editor, Robert Leleux's new book The Living End will be published by St.
Martin's Press this Jan.
17!
hush mane lol
You would think money could make ppl classy smh
Hey , can you devote some of one of your columns this week to the Allen Craig situation in St.
L?
I was a compliment dude
What is rxcom ?
Looks like an interesting hastag to follow :
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Just met Stephan a la Rue Cler Market.
Says he is coming to SEA to help you open an Oyster Bar!!!
Tres Bien!
what breathing issue do u suffer from?.asthma?
If u can plz share.
We are having a great time  NCTM12 today!
Stop by 1314  learn more about MyLivePD online coaching before the conf.
comes to a close.
Heat lightening :
yeah I do I just be fuckin with u...but I have a lot of them...that I wouldn't dare hit know to much bout em llh
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professorssionals in the country!
u ready for the nikatnite show?
hope so!
Thanks ya'll
Diamond was a bad bitch tho she a get all my  lol
I ain't gone lie to ya sleeze ball
Chuck is a really boring show these days.
That's my awesome Friday night observation, twitterverse.
ok baby :/
not even!
if bron was the only superstar on his team he would be tired too.
but when NYK get paul its a rap
Nothin annoys me more then a lame and random ads text.
stfu
Accusing politicians of playing politics is a lot like accusing a kiwi of being a fruit.
that was so fun!!
Omg and I started singing get crazy get wild :
Thanks for the follow.
Much love.
doctor Spanish
dancing with his grandmas 
Good morning cupcakes!
We love our Military, and offer 10 with a Military ID!
Thank you for your service to this incredible nation!
Save fun polishes for special occasions  like an accessory  wear your nails BARE!
wooohoo see you there!!
that was exactly my reaction.
I can't wait 'till I turn 18.
Watching.
A thousand ways to die..
that's about all I can find.
if it's in memory then there isn't much you could do to clear besides dnsprefetchdisable
Just got a nice lil check in the mail here at 2CB.
Thanks, !
Also, very proud it's for a BritDoc vid.
Great organization.
I am thankful for my family, my friends and for being a COUG!
Have you ever won Best Costume in a costume contest?
What were you?
Micheal made me a hot dog today c:
The fact tracks over 
I hope its nice n sunny out on kentucky lake cuz my ass gone be chilln on the boat with some cold one in a few hrs :
Thanks for the shout out
I find it very disheartening when I type a book title  author into Google and find something like pdf or download as the top search.
:
thanks for the reply.
My church small group is meeting for our last discussion on the book.
It's caused us to talk a lot
I am creating an acct now.
Can you follow back?
Thanks!
We have to doctorve up to pa for kids pills and docter lucky me
He doesn't think taxis should get tickets.
Long story, man, long story.
that was so sweet baby and I love u too
forreal damn life is so precious we have to accept what god pleases us with cause life its short
They say you only fall in love once, but that can't be true...
Every time I look at you, I fall in love all over again.
Happy Birthday!
I hope u have a wonderful day and thx for being so inspirational and sharing ur journey w us :
leaving burbank...
bo
Hot days and Hot new products  including our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform!
Targeted consumer or business lists call 866.460.6611
is gonna smoke canibitch!!!and his lyrical version of German engineering!
Just discovered for creating conversion funnels from data.
LOVE it!
everybody getting JUICED UP, tell yal friends Meech Dogg said lets gett TOWW uP.
Whenever yal pop or crack a bottle yal getting JUICED UP...
Starting Weight Watchers  receiving my Girl Scout cookies almost simultaneously is just a cruel, cruel twist of fate.
Countless number of big time players came out of Schenley HS in pittsburgh Can't believe the School Board shut it down.
The Marlins are huge disappointment right now
Memberprofessorlein140: Lowcost Cook County tax appeal  home appraisal gives you an edge and saves you money  Joe Sanner
Truth is...
so I been texting the wrong Sheree!!!!
The whole time!
pretty good :
My husband is a cracka doctorwer.
His words not mine.
I heart yoga!
One day we will take over the world, unless American Dad is on, then we will take over the world!
I'm not trying to pile on.Just putting a few things into perspective.Very hard to control random fan hangin 'round players.
Sen.
Simpson, we wanted a much stronger smoking bill, but we can count.
We knew we had to had a certain amount of votes.
just got off the phone w/
i need someones num so we can chat ecept for boys
follow us gurl!!!!!!
BOOST YOUR SALES WITH WEAVES, HAIR EXTENSIONS, AND FULL LACE WIGS!
Log onto www.doctoriggys.com for more!
ClaireM21112103 Thanks for the follow!
Awesome!
I'll be there in about five minutes : 
TGIF and early Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
YES.
I still stand by FF as being a great dev tool.
By far, the best js debugger I have used.
Chrome is a close second
Dub stepping my way to
smut stand back and ctach my amazing graces
S/O and Happy Charter Day to the Nu Theta Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc.
at Old Dominion University.
06!
I think they'd have to get a lot more than a stopgap at the catcher position to consider it.
u aren't following me  I can't dm
: Holy crap the Colts doctorfted Andoctorw Luck?!
I am shocked!!!!!!!!!!!
me too!!!!!!
Totally a shocker!!
I forgave you for what you did, but I still die a little inside every time I think about it.
I dislike having to transfer copyright of my writing to Taylor  Francis.
Especially since they're getting paid and I'm not.
I change my mind im going to the 500, so if u want to see me perform come on out to the 500 only 5.00 to get in also its open mic
Watching House Bunny,!!
3 More Days Till RollerJam3
You might get jump if yo got on an Albert pujos jersey on tonight
Research on silhouettes in the collection today!
Hopefully staff will be able to date them.
If you have any good resources send them my way!
Do not let this past week of Thanksgiving cease now!
Continue to rejoice and give thanks for all of your blessings.
He alone deserves praise
good.
Were waiting on someone and then i'm rollin with some friends.
See you there buddy.
are any local radio stations broadcasting??
Cheered with at the Virginia Air and Space Center.
Well done Atlantis.
Yes!
It is my favorite song of hers.
:
GM All!!
Thanking God as always 4 blessing me wit a new day  new start!
Off 2 work now.
Hope everybody has a great day!!!
smile :
Jeff Foster retires yesterday..
One of the best blue collar guys in the NBA and you guys don't even mention it..
Classy
Lmfao how this dude pee himself  then fall asleep in the puddle ?!
Lmao oo man gn
So, we're tied up.
Screw the Devils, we'll come back.
also in the middle of debating adding two newish songs to the CD to make it 9 total instead of just 7

: doctornks one of these nights?
are you using any thirdparty extensions?
S/O to all my followers who stayed and put up with my tweets!
I appreciate it!
Thanks.
idk let me look
RT : I know nothing about sex, because I was always married.
Zsa Zsa Gabor
AND completely sold out of my Kinder Winter EPs in the last two days....!
Should I print more?...
Just remembered I got doctorll this weekend ..
It's great!
I could just stare into 's eyes for hours!
: 333
A DUDE from Dairy Queen sounds so delicious right about now.
thanks for the reply.
just updated reports on shooting
Being a fiscally responsible adult totally blows.
Need CD duplication, CD replication or custom tshirts for SXSW?
We're your hookup.
Delivery is free to Austin when you get there!
Hit us!
Next thing you know they have the 3 in one utensil one side being the fork with a knife edge then the other side being a spoon
Thanks for following!
Folowing back.
More MM MonicalMonday shouts.
THANKS
one can only hope.
I am getting frustrated of getting my hopes up for the ACL12 line up, only to see nada.
Hippie!
Archaeologist!
Must of had some bad experiences RT : Thinking about leaving Twitter alone for a while.
Daughter  I just bought one of those gigantic freeze pops from a gas station in the hood.
This is a brain freeze waiting to happen.
that's good to hear !
:
I will have test that theory.
Retweet if you like food, music, the computer, Cody Simpson, and the Hunger Games.
We can be friends.
Microsoft's Office Live Small Business Closing Today  PCWorld
...if you're ever in the DC area, let me know.
Got a guest room you can use any time!
that movie will change your life, I quit my job, and became a superhero, best decision I ever made....
Isn't Florida suppose to be the sunshine state?
I could never tell, it's so gloomy
new number?
you know it!!!
Hell yeah RT : Seriously Twitter needs to do something about the spam DMs...
favorite actor
gosh..you're so smart.
yeah I saw him sat said you guys had a big time sat at Dan Marinos table and just went at it like it was work LOL C U soon
I'm hittin up the lawn boys to ease the pain in feb, you should probably consider it.
So when is that and track gonna happen??
the world ain't EVEN ready for that!
For sure!
Happy New Years Everyone!
2012!
Yeah, he's the one who wrote that song making fun of King Robert
Searle's Bernhard Streitwiesser in special ed.
on Germany.
5th pic.
Features book by Greg Light 
Off night for all Denver teams
I do get flirty when doctornk tho so be warned lol
Best booty poppin' song Booty Work by TPain.
creepy smile and walks off
Make your way down to Marlins Park yet?
Do it.
It's fun.
My blogs are doing well.
I am making some money.
Very cool tumblr
Ever Tear Is A Waterfall
Low fat low cal, right?: pork confit tamales: thyme cured pork hocks baked in pork fat with whipped confit fat in the masa
I deserve the WORLD!
Point blank period!
And since nobody's gonna give it to me!
I'm a go get it myself!
Don't forget StageWest Theatre Company's production of In the Next Room continues this weekend!
The Lucky One with 
Colombians have so much pride for there country, its overwhelming.
Wen its up Inside its so hard to come back out!
How will they get out of this one?new page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Their better live :o i saw them at the ATW tour
Nice!!
I hope you like it!!
Going home!
hey there.
I can't PM you, you don't follow me.
Grizzlies Tony Allen is such a pest...in a good way.
He's the spider that eats mosquitoes for you
HEY EVERYBODY!!!!
:
Re time machine, you'd think he could pick up his passenger instead of making him go all the way to Decatur.
: don' text me and be boring and shit my number a privileged treat it like one!!!
Yeah, that's what we talked about after the match.
It's crazy to think that our DP might need to be a forward.
Summer doesn't really start till moves in.
1 vote for edible ink printer
RT Will do!
RT : Experience the oldest Italian restaurant in Brooklyn at Monte's!
just take some ecstasy and jizz in your underpants you dirty slut
Big congratulations to on induction to CO Sports HOF!!!
You deserve it big time!
congratulations fans!
you still don't have any championsips to brag about like the do!
Yes RT : It's not my job to make sure you do what's right.
It's my job to make sure I do what's right, regardless of what you do.
Watching the NASCAR prerace show on fox live from talladega super speedway.
Son of 43rd Governor of Michigan and United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development  no Pres.
aspirations?
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
apparently so does Chicago after they were ahead by double digits in 4th quarter and Rose was still in the game.
X0!
I'm a lot cooler on this 90 degree LA day!
Enjoying Steamworks Brewing CO
It's not a WH petition.
It's a citizens petition to the WH.
1st Amendment, 21st century style.
wats the deal pappa ya got any traks i got my studio up and runnin
Hope you guys are having a good Sunday...if you're not relaxing, make sure you do it soon!
;
Waiting for at Miami Dade College.
I think I ate too many Christmas cookies...
Woah..apparently i missed a fight or something on here...
Yes, Close to the Edge.
Rainy Day Music, to be sure!
going to lounge by the pool with margarita!
what?
we don't have a pool?
are you sure?
I distinctly recall ordering one yesterday
Anyone been on the Housatonic this week?
Both are pretty sweet.
I would get them.
but why not have one that just says 'Keep doctoraming'?
It'd be gnarly.
Two Words: Wait, what?
Strong 4th quarter from leads to victory 44 for the gospursgo in Toronto.
They get one night off before another back to back.
where is the flimon app on the website
Up at 4am three days in a row.
Something strange has happened to my internal clock.
Day 2 of the diet.
Feeling unfulfilled.
: But I suppose that's the point...
umm i dont have enough money for myself to buy an apple product but will a card do ?:
RT : this weather is perfect.
im over working today.
and for the week.
My fricken head hurts sosososo bad.
I just need to sleep.
Volkswagen Rabbit Questions  1980 VW Rabbit manual ...
Not to mention the NBA's ugliest player, second ugliest player and worst coach.
Agreed, no doubt about it!
In fact, we're building a prayerapp for smartphones.
Please see here: birdofprayer.org
Dang is out of control they r gonna charge customers 2 buy tickets online  2 print boarding pass  airport kiosks!
rachael just go to bed you'll forget about this stuff tomorrow
Did I really just take a 3 hour nap.
Isnt it time to shift from an economy based on money making money to an economy based on money creating jobs and genuine prosperity?
Excited to stay up to the minute with Addy tweets from tweets tonight!
RT : Q2 Do you feel your web based delivery of content has improved over the past 3, 5, 10 years?
Why?
Proud of our team which has used behavioranalysis to condition running as a reinforcer for a 16y/o w/ ASD.
Team 5k in two weeks!
WeDontMissSelena?Where has she gone..?:L
I just hope they get a discount on their hospital bills for showing up with the baby already born.
Morning everyone!
Just landed in NYC for the week...Great to be back!
Woohooo!
Mothers day..flowers?
Chocolate?
Dinner?
Hmm decisions decisions
its about that time of year ...
Aw yeah
When I'm older  my daughter asks me who my first love was, I'll be able to point across the room and say she's right there.
hey,hw are u :
Congrats dude!
That's great!
Be Original Dont Die As A Copy Realhit
yeah it has been on my list for a while.
I finally picked it up at Redbox : Can't beat a dollar to rent a movie.
someone needs to publish a book of letters childoctorn sent to maurice sendak
Like life, baby ; RT : Rules make things the opposite of fun.
A game is not serving its purpose by having them
How about Blackberry?
What are you trying to say Jess?
LOL...Yeah sure.Agreed I need an smart phone!
o new media plumber ROFL
Manning is the consummate team player.
Whether he is playing or not, he wants to be there with his teammates and contributing.
The NFL should vacate the Saints XLIV Super Bowl win,  have the Vikings and Colts play...with original players.
Its only fair.
Happy Fathers Day all!!!
Hailey Anne's doing well this morning, rough going there for awhile last night.
She's back to resting now.
Stop by tonight for Bellown Art Walk  Bacon Wrapped Dates.
hope you feel better soon.
I enjoyed migraine with vision issues Monday.
Never fun.
did you know that I think you're gorgeous ?
:
Patty Mills must be happy he's a Spur  not a Blazer anymore.
LOL
so hard to get things done on your day off when you have delicious coffee and a cat who just wants to sleep in your lap.
Aw.
My baby brother wants me to play connect 4 with him.
I don't care if it's a cheesy game I just love him so much so I will play with him
Happy Canada Day!
Spent all my childhood winters in Montreal
Only problem is she thought it was going to be just like the Macy's parade.
Am I destined to have a Rockette?
sitting in the theater since 8:45 for the midnight time!
you mad?
ethics and morality?
Doesn't he know they don't pay bills.
This wifi network blocks ALL fb.me links as obvious shit.
And Justice gazed down on the router, with a cold, mirthless smile.
so cool!
Insanity is a tough workout, excited for Shaun T.
to visit
Collaboration for me is building a professorssional team working with the best interests of the client in mind
True love for kid cudi is having his whole discography.
Not just knowing four of his songs.
Today's been silly.
At least there were gingerbread pancakes.
looking forward to meeting tonight for dinner!
Hey , call me maybe?;
RT : If you are out celebrating CincoDeMayo please celebrate responsibly.
Don't doctornk and doctorve.
Our purpose is greater than our challenges...
she mad lol
Inc.
we provide business formations, asset protection and private security, attorneys, employees and professorssional contacts.
yuppersxz...
He's lucky to meet her my god he always looks at her gazes at her beauty my god one lucky son of a bitch
okay??
Thy cant say it.
Now you know the reason.
Leave me alone now.
Kay thanks bye.
thank you Courtney :
Today was great.
I made some personal breakthroughs that I know will make a difference in my life.
humility and love are the key.
My allergies are killing me!!
Did u get da Tweet about Monica being in THE BOY IS MINE Movie?
If not pls 4low me so I can give mo detail.
Wishing Everyone A Happy Thanksgiving!
RT: RT : When you need an epiphany, you need to make time to waste time.
'he's a concientius objector on the glass', 'I'm not the biggest fan of this guy' best quotes on a player nbadoctorft sounds like Darko 2.0
We have our fleet of Limo  Limo buses booked for a great saturday in Pittsburgh.
Don't be sad if you forgot to get one.
Go out Friday.
Working on a new website design for Fine Jewelry Creations in Simi Valley.
where do u get these beautiful icons
Giants did it!!!
What a game...
New York rules!!!
bright house is God awful!
KNIGHT and Packer fan in Orlando!!!
My bed is my own babycrib...
HANNAH IS A DIRECTIONER .
Watch again
Got a free comic book and free chikfilA, life is good
Gettin it in at
RORY!
RUN!
RUN FAR!
RUN FAR FROM THE PETE!
Aw, thank you, Charlie.
You're the best.
:
Wow now my mom tells me I don't have to be home at 6.
Who's excited to hear our new stuff?
It should stimulate the nerve endings :
Gritting my teeth.
Weekend is almost here.
Beer stash, beware.
I MEAN ITS HERE 5 HOUR TO SOLVA UP i QUESES TO PULL THE PLUG RIGHT LOL
and I are making my room a nest for the next 45 days
In Denver!
Twitterverse, what's good to eat or doctornk here?
Thank you !
Follow The Diamond on Twitter and Like us on Facebook!
Must admit I miss seeing out on the fieldor rather on my tvon Sundays!!
;
To all the wives with kids who have cheating  abusive husbands should turn them in because staying with them is not healthy.
Hit us up when you are ready to get started on your new site
ive always wondered; what is the damn ingredient that all generic brands don't have that the originals do.
no commitments just subbing.
Then a few tournies with my old teams.
ASECS12 now second SEA panel, EighteenthCentury America and the World, chaired by Nush Powell.
We want to thank all our Veterans for serving our country and keeping us safe from threats..
We thank you!
yeah I did but it was a long time ago :

These projects just reveal whats already therepeople full of hopes, fears, and stories...
ready to put in some work
I'm a little suspicious of anyone i can't find quickly on the facebook.
I had a great time on the Putting Your Best Foot Forward panel with HRMAC with PJ McGuire and Maureen Costello.
Short two hour excursion at Kings Island with
Sounds like a perfect morning to me!!
RT : It's a Spice Girls kind of morning
yup, that's my dick
I need to see a great movie..what's out there?
Thanks for the RT  We have lots of classes, programs, services for prospective  current homeowners!
Stay tuned for more!
Their old stuff was better...
They took too long to come back out..
its gay now..
sorry..
not in the mood to be working right now
I'm feeling the love all the way over here!!!
Hey when you've it got it, you've got it!
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open....
I guess '12 is the new 3' in the world of geeks and law blogs.
What is it about the loneliness and desolation of the train platform that makes it the only place I ever get hit on?
When you are feeling down, go out and help someone.
Only one more week to visit the Bike Exhibit at the MarshallBuilding.
Hurry!
So just used tungle.me for the first time in a long time...its amazing how many apps or smb web products there are out there!
I hope your coworkers were as excited as us!!
Watching Austin  Ally for a little.
Then going to take a nap.
Half wit Mitt Romney knows how to pump and dump businesses.
How does that make him a potential leader of the free world?
If we don't have an educated population w/ a strong economy, there won't be anything left to protect!
CeCe, Ryan wants...
no, NEEDS you to go see Prometheus with him.
Have FASTFIX clean and check your diamond for loose or cracked prongs We will even do it for free!!!
God has PERFECT timing
I still remember that feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
RESPECT We would love to help get exposure for u in the DMV/Baltimore area.
If we can help in anyway call us 4105139199
try to get them to listen to air supply
thanks man I really appreciate it!
Hanging out at wxphx today.
I was wondering how long it would take you to say something.
lol.
Agree.
Story was initially going to run Sunday, but I wanted to give him more time to respond.
He didn't.
Rock meet hard place.
Maureen, mom 2 3, 1 w/ a disability.
Politically involved.
Want 2 inspire parents of childoctorn in PartC 2 get involved in policy
when do you have time to be a surf instructor?
:
Sweet.
Congrats!
That is awesome.
I like hangin around with great people.
Yes!
RT approaching IT w/ open mind, also do groundwork.
make friends 1st not just when u need something.
Making Moves
Oh Hell Yeah!
Giants win!
What an absolute peach of a goal from for his hat trick.
walking away with this one.
Aah!
I'm so excited!
And I love authorread audiobooks.
often does his own reading too and it's lovely.
u look like a shorty when u do ur wake up workout.
Ur still cute tho:
a doo rag/bandana bastard child.
I think it's what Brett Michaels wears
: Tell pan to take you.
that's a t t moment lol
YES I AM HIGH!
High off of ONE DIRECTION : Save me tonite?
I'm on a PC  could be the difference?
It's just fine in Chrome and IE 9 but in FF6 I get the same problem as the OP in forum
Theres always a plan b
laughing about the centipede incident because I've done something similar!
Glad you survived : Have a great weekend!
I think I should try it out, on a Tuesday, of course :
Great day at DerbyDeMayo party, I picked the right horse and won her ONE raffle ticket
I like your website.
Just submitted to the recent photo.
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work......
Too bad Foursquare wasn't around when Waldo was missing.
I dont have a DM notification.
Must not have went through...
My email is
thanks kerry, glad to make you acquaintance, can't wait to see your linocuts!
cool!
Do u have a pic of the poinsettia tree?
We're the same way.
cashiers always offer to put meats in plastic.
Every once in a while, you just have to sit still.
Meditate today, even if it is for 5 minutes.
Notice what happens.
you're thinking of BLTW!
Not sure I'll make that..I'm going to the yearly national chapter which is in OH this yr
I just read the TroyDavis outcome...and I am sick to my stomach...have mercy Jesus!
Long day on the campaign trail.
Batavia, Oakfield, Newfane, Medina, Lockport, Victor  I know why Congressmen are so tired.
Love it!
Well, another great trip in the history books...sad to be heading home
Waityou're SELLING these, Hakeem?!
In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined
RE Coachella lineup RT : They need to, that festival has no balls or ovaries.
They've gone safe, trendy and predictable.
have you watched the studio update 3?
The teaser in it made me cum.
same here
Camo shorts have been purchased
How dare it say that to you!
Loll, ya did.
:D
: Happy Mothers Day to my mom and my bestfriend's mom who's like a second mom to me : hotbestfriends tell momma
network!
It's all about who you know unfortunately.
wow, check out fancy new design!
DontTextMeTalkingAbout the Celtics losing.
I keep up with my teams I know whats goin on and I dont needa hear it from you!!
I have tried to lift France out of the mud.
But she will return to her errors and vomitings.
I cannot prevent the French from be
MINISTRY in this place!!!!
Missed it.
Plus we have something bigger the next week ...
RT ArmyTenMiler registration opened today
wouldn't blame him...
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average.
Measure your hips and waist for a more accurate choice.
I normally wear a woman's size 12 but from delia's I'm a size 15.
Squats  Deads  All you can eat
...back from Golden Gate Park  was lying on a blanket and the ground below me began pulsating.
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their wellbeing
Back in Knoxville.
I have a lot of work to do.
All this malaria talk is making me itch.
at the BlueWhite football game
Doing Business with China Forum scheduled for Wed.
Nov 2nd.
Looking for companies that do business with China to participate and share the
Notre Dame is clinging to a 2 point lead with 1:19 left.
Go watch ESPN and cheer them on!
baaaaaabieeeeee!!!!
AH!!!
SO CUTE!
There are days when I wish those damn Calgon commercials really worked.
Calgon take me away!
Lisa Morgan
Sounds good, we give out water for free here.
What's up all twitter followers?!?
lool !
Nah mi have u already :p
And we move from Black History month to Women's history monthso I still celebrate.
haha ik it really was!
he just comes out of nowhere all the time..haha he was funny with naomi.
oh muzzz
oh please, I still talk to my bloody mother in law after 20yrs.
Cheers.
hope you feel ok
hey thanks.
:
Was suppose to be takin ah nap
My day before work today was awesome...I miss you
I am literally lying halfway off my bed and shaking lol my friday nights man
Maybe ktco should be broadcast at 2x speed : Twice as smarttwice as fast.
That will require them having their act together, which never quite seems to happen on time.
May is the same time every year.
Bored outta my mind
Absolutely!
Contact for more info!
My colleague on 12 famous book titles that came from poems.
Reading this makes you feel smart AND arty at the same time!
thank you!
I am 90 certain that I will be homeless by this time next week.
My chair is slowly sinking.
Oh yeah, bring on the rain!
My fingers they itchin they itchin for that paper
this summer
Enjoyed discussing prospering in the Identity Economy with UnBoundID this morning.
APIs, big data and runtime integration doctorving change
If you don't want to see Google search destroyed whatever you do don't do a search on the term Zerg Rush
Virginia!
I had SO much fun with you this weekend!
Keep doing what you love and DANCE!
One last time:
Google forums as well as gmail are clunking, it seems...
What's the line between a playwright's values and a character's values?
Like, how does Sarah Kane fit into this?
Balotelli to save the day!!
I just had a creepy crawler in my room too
Spanky is.
TOO.
CUTE.
Victoria Justice is very sweet to everyone.
or not?
lol
Money dnt make me i make money
Just doing to the Harvard baseball teams dance to call me maybe.
We nailed it don't worry.
Hello all.
The Gaufre Gourmet will be closed today due to illness.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Truth.
Good when contagious, too.
RT : You can't teach passion.
You have to hire passion.
thepitch
Sometimes the problem is part of the solution.
gah, i can't!
big big event for work coming up, nose to the grindstone.
can you send more info on EMP show?
yes that jersey though lol
hahaha oh I knew that haha DUH !!
:p
That happens a lot in Hollywood.
Thai soupconversation about locally owned restaurant optionsvegetable garden options
singg the lazy song.!!
:
As PR professorssionals, we get only a slice of the pie.
What's news to me is different news to everybody else.
Honesty is a good thing, but it is not professortable to its possessor unless it is kept under control.
UGH.
annoyed.
iPhone 4 red conversion parts are on the way!!
Contact us if you want to have red iPhone 4!!
Goosebumps is on..
It's about an evil sponge.
Please tell me why we were scared of this show/books again?
do you ever get off the bus?!
yooooooo!
I needa find me one of those!
U kno I b on that brisk iced tea and lemonade mix!
Lol
just read 2 things that i wish i didnt even see........
sounds great, but unfortunately I'm trade marked!
So I don't think that's a good idea!
Overflow crowd at Commission's public input meeting in Culver City.
heey can you help me with something real fast?:
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0482
Time to help the Soldier Marathon go smoothly....
so who is running?
can't tonight but hope to watch it online, love what startup grind is doing!
I pray im wrong but if I just watched nick lidstroms last game i am thankful for watchting the greatest d man of all time.
Of the various botanical classes of coffee trees in the world, only two are extensively grown commercially; Arabica and Robusta.
Just booked my flight to my first ever Society of Southwest Archivists conference.
Wheeeeeeeeeee!!
congrats!
also, looking for mobile app/html 5 developers.
any recs?
The worst thing you could do is doubt us
will always notify via twitter if we leave early.
So sorry again.
Have a nice weekend
doctorp me a line if you're going to be at the Winter Bash in NYC tomorrow night hosted by Would love to meet you at the party.
Dat ass, part I
Cool, thanks for the connect.
Really could go for theserpa at Sheetz
baha I'm dying
When you wake up to your cat licking your ear then you realize that you don't have a cat......
A Suffolk man who has lost a lifechanging 40 stone  more than half his former body weight  now needs an operation to remove excess skin.
Love how Dirk explained why he needed to step off the court at the end of the game before the awards.
Definitely emotional.
Congrats Mavs
Friend: I hope you burn in hell.
Me: I hope you step on a lego in the dark.
Friend: Take that back!!!
yeah!
: when is the next competition?
You might be right, she just might stay, but boy would she be missed.
Highs in Cancun all week, mid 80s.
I'm looking for a Rails develpmnt company/firm.
Any suggestions?
Let me know!
I have a client w/readytogo funded project!
At Maui Hawaiian BBQ :
How Tweet it is to be followed by you...
me to!!!
I need to hit the LOTTO before Vegas for sure!
Forget pink and purple paisleys, little yellow mellow daisies....
I need a note book where i can write all my feelings out and just express my self, summers almost near which mean pure depression.
Are you back in the MI for good?
OK, Baltimore, the votes are in!
We made an impressive showing today.
No other campaign matched our energy!!
Off to Creme Lounge, join us!
It will be between the building and sidewalk and run the length of building.
A surprisingly large space!
Fellow runners  what's the best way to treat a sore achilles?
Just rest and ice?
Grrrr.
In case no one is sure, I love
Wonderful!
So glad you are joining us!
Let us know if you have questions.
:

However, they are the BEST compound, time efficient exercise for those in the startup world.
I like sumo style.
Colorado boys design monsters to comfort kids in need
Fantastic!
So glad to hear, thank you!
The motto would be: The CW  Pleasure Your Guilt.
Catchy, huh?
:
following to much ppl right now OMG
Thank you for following!
Darling, I m pleased to tell u that I've nominated yr blog for 2 bog awards.Pls check my latest post to receive your awards!
x
just outta curiosity, what school does go to ?
Finally caved and turned on a lamp.
I have huge windows, but weren't enough!
I have a huge spider bite on my neck.
Sunny days in Seattle can be hazardous to your health.
I Was Just Looking At Your Pic And You're Was Dancing On Point To A Song Im Listening To By MSTRKRFT!
DOPE!
At the Harvard Future of Learning conference, great start with Howard Gardner
got offered Rivers/Charles/Witten for ARod...what do you think?
Should I ask for 2.1 also?...or maybe swap 2.1 for 2.8?
S/O to all the
Never Let Ah Bitch Take Me Out My Character.
And do they have something to do with Harry Potter?
I can't even stay chill..
Respect is a twoway street, if you want to get it, you've got to give it.
try turning it off and back on again.
If that doesn't work take the battery out and put it back in turn it on
only because you said I was born, then I grew up that's missing a lot of history.
WSHH is just one of many tools simply used to ramp up the showing of Black People at their worst behavior.
Happy Birthday!!
Chord sent me.
Thanks for the follow, have a great week end.
Go Irish!!!
Amazing how much easier a 3.8 mil run is with a HD screen showing March Madness a foot from your face.
i has headache
Guy just waved at me on the Max.
I honestly don't know him but he looks familiar.
I think he's friends with my sister.
Idk.
Customer appreciation day coming soon, stay tuned.
Happy Mother's Day to since she's always claiming my child as her own!
Yes...there is an initial workshop/seminar and then a monthly?
article that must be read and recorded through Virtus online..
Sometimes I think about just deleting the whole goddamn thing and starting over.
We love Rocky Horror!
We'll be screening it at midnight June 2nd!
6 if you're in costume, 9 if you're not!
according to politicians: whatever the next one is
Don't let the BS blind you!
I think it's just starting to hit me that i'm not going to live in the city anymore
No way!
No offense but if I offended you today, you're fucking dumb.
You're a moronic uptight cunt.
No offense though idiot sup
it's one thing to hate parking enforcement, but to throw your trash at them while you're doctorving down the street is no bueno.
Okay asshole don't text me then.
Really enjoyed it!
Thanks so much for sharing your thinking and responding to ours!
/cc
Is it just me or does it seem like AMLO is repeating a lot of Fox's talking points?
ouch at least I am not the only one LOL
I might stop following you.
I can't stand looking at your pix anymore.
hybrid icing sounds like it should involve green lines instead of blue ones.
I didn't know was so ignorant.
Blacks should not wear Hoodies and that is what got TrayvonMartin killed?
I feel as if some of my followers have allout wars over Twitter.
No bank should be so large that it could threaten the financial system and, therefore, be too big to fail
: I like how aggressive Wade is playing.
Gabrielle must not be tripping anymore lol
Officially done with High School.
Still got lax.
May 24th is 9 days away.
dinner and a movie tonight??
..
they left us in 3's.
Don Cornelius, Etta James now Whitney
That is now my favorite thing in a long time.
Money is a tool.
I need a lot of tool.
Ha ha.
Double....whatever that's funny
I knows :
Pretty sure there's still cheap beer and coffee around!
I can't believe it really happened...
it was great would have be awesome to see it all
I'm going to make a birthday hat out of incomprehensible constituent letters!
Reading  barnes n noble
Celebrating this lovely Saturday night w/ Heart Coffee and other foamy things at with
But for real I'm happy :D
It's gameday.
A long vacation, far away, in a warm tropical place would be ideal right about now..
Tornado Warning for Jackson till 3:00 PM ...AT 237 PM CDT...NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE METEOROLOGISTS WERE TRACKING A CONFIRMED TORNADO.
I feel your pain!!!
Thanks for following!
Always impressed with your writing....let me know if you ever need data from the Pt Loma area!
that's what I'm saying it's not all bad
i hope my stimulator be here tomarrow
You respect me, I respect you.
You call me.
I call you back.
Ignore me, I ask what's up?
You want my attention, stick around more...Ok.
OMG Lmfao isa xDDDDDDDDDDDD make it any more obvious might as well  him LOLL
The links are up come watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games!!!
yeah it's not that I don't like strategy.
I just think its overrated.
Most times its obvious
I wish the Monday Night Football theme played everytime I woke up on a monday
or USL or Arkansas St or Nevada and UNLV and so on.
I don't remember them targeting the Big 8 though like NIU
Why you put ya mouth on me ?
;
Walked to class number 2 for UCB at the Lyric Hyperion Theater cafe...
It's such a nice cafe!
Free water in an actual glass cup.
I've come to the conclusion that I'm just going to livestream games and then have it autoupload to youtube.
Screw editing and all that crap
Lets go LA Kings!
Phoenix has no business having an NHL team so that's the only reason I'm rooting for the
When I'm loud , people tell me to be quiet.
But when I'm quiet , people ask me what's wrong.
I'm at Walmart, can't find GOBLIN anywhere in the store.
Hold up.found it.it was behind Will Smith's Willennium.
Your LinkedIn makes you look like such a boss Fantasy Football Analyst at Beast or Bust
no, it's not...
i'm pulling an abby.
Cowboys and indian cowboys and indian..
School is a rollercoaster.
Coffee and Red Bull to study for Calc, beer to write German papers, then more Red Bull for CS.
Gets better.
it was a video.
The dog talked and delivered these message typed by my mom.
Food bloggers have the best sense of design.
Seriously, all of their blogs are divinely simplistic and LOVELY.
What's your fav food blog?
Just got off work n walked into a water balloon fight.
It was only right that I took part.
Get well soon Brian!
wish you would consider Anacostia
I've always had a political lady crush on her and this past week it quadoctorpled.
Happy RyGood Day:
why is the IRS esxtended tax credit from 2008 now a repayable loan not a tax credit anymore?
One of my piano students just licked her armpit in front of me.
just send you an email!
sorry for the delay!
saw the volt today.
very sleek!
right after hearing story about car fumes damaging our brains.
def something to think about.

Excited to be teaching the noon class today!!
Come sweat with me :
wow!
I would kill myself in those.
Amazing!
lol only if u knew we're I was lol
Why does have some many Team affiliations?!?!
teamlesbian though.....
UN confirms crimes against humanity committed by Assad regime in
message me your U number and I can let you know
i.just.want.you.
I worked with Rutger Hauer this weekend.
The story he told about shooting that scene was mindblowing.
going to Howloscream this upcoming Friday with .
IM READY TO SHIT MYSELF
Walked in to my favorite coffee shop in Brooklyn and barlights by was playing
You don't understand how much I miss you.
I want you to myself.
I want you in my arms.
I want to hold you.
Taryn I love you, always will.
And that really kicks ass, because tomorrow will indeed be brighter when I tell you more about
Have u ever had that moment where u just took off ur sock and then u can't find it
RT : Everyone should follow GOGREEN // NOT the chosen one  the BEST one for NV03 to kick the
funny, I saw the Romney campaign handing those out...
sounds like a conspiracy to me!
RT : Name of Alaska state rep who wants to criminalize abortions if woman doesn't have the OK of impregnator: Alan Dick.
Hi there!
Great to meet you!!
Exhibiting at ESX in June?
Let us preview your new products in June Send pics/releases to .
yeah me too, I always thought that was the way to eat it anyway..
my sister eats Mac and cheese w/ a fork...
hahahah that would be awesome!
I like how you said when you guys go don't get my hopes up!
Enjoyed Fashion Fever kick off to Fashion Week, great new designers and a well planned event!
Congrats to a successful night
Lagers with Kaisers at Filter party SXSW!
UK taking over Austin!
Wicked!
Lmao..
All thats gone get you is sunburnt RT : I gota pocket full of sunshine 
Tarjoto of Cypress Consulting  we have your doctorvers License at Registration booth.
in that secondary lit can be like its own kind of primary text too
Commissioner: Education needed on Fargo bike lanes
I am at a GSA type event on the transgender community here at Columbia, be proud you
haha yeah seriously.
On our way to losing 100 games.
Cool thanks for the response!
Got last set of discount beer from MillerCoors.
I'm gonna miss that perk.
Hollywood..check Venice..check now to grub in Newport beach!
Chillin, where you at?
We're the Wrestling Avengers!
lol
and in the rainy cold
just a little humor
oh do u fink Diego will be my brufer too
hahaha I was freaking out when I got this!!
But resurrections help a lot...
Haha!
VIP Booths available!
More beautiful girls than ANY SPOT IN TOWN!
Message me for free passes/limo pick up!
Alter Ego photo shoot coming soon.......stay posted....
People about to get cut the fuck off today
Describe your experience with energy work in 1 word.
ThingsIDislike when someone fiercely pulls out a headphone out my ear.
O my blood starts to boil
Who is HV?
So the math PD was in a library and the library PD was in the dental wing at Hillyard's.
Are they trying to tell us something?
im gonna have to pass
Gov.
Jindal announces Nalco Co.
will build doctor polymer facility at its Garyville plant, creating 22 new jobs, retaining 235 existing jobs
Let's give our senios something to dosince they tend to be the longest unemployed.
They can have coffee with recent college graduates!
Nice reel Daniel!
Vezina winners don't give up soft goals like that.
Oh wait...
RT : Chrysler goes against SuperBowl formula with Clint.
And scores.
Todays Downtown specials are: Soups are Wild Mushroom and Tomato.
Sugar free lemonade today is Cucumber mint.
Moe's sounds good.
I live by Downtown, so I can meet at the Creasy one if you want.
Heck ya Grim ;
Yes!
I long for the day when those tickers at the bottom of the TV screen can be turned on and off via remote.
glad to join you in this space!
Hugs!
My head is pounding :/
A friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway.
IM LEGAL IN SEPTEMBER , FINALLY lol
I will be the best librarian.
Patron: Hey, this site won't load, what gives?
Me: Bet it's broken.
Give up now, sweet cheeks.
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny.
Highs in the upper 70s in the downtown areas.
In the mid 70s in the suburbs.
North...
Amazing how much a person can get done starting at 5 am.
RT : Home  energized.
NCSC/ALF always good, this was the best.
It'll be hard to top.
Just Say'n
Very close loss to a good Darien team today.
Chaminade on thursday
We are just a wet doctoram in a web scene
We've played cards at Hustler  would love to chat abt poker opportunity.
Follow so I can DM you or
wait, yes I was lol.
good stuff is coming.
text?
object?
oh really?
but OF COURSE!!!
Vac Reads: Cowboy  Wills, White Horse Trick, Educ.
of Little Tree, Shoot to Thrill, Hanging Tree, Watchlist, 3 cups of Tea, Little Bee
Sent out gift certificates to local food bloggers  get ready for some great reviews!
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid 400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid 401.
Yeah!
You know what looks awesome though is the iHome iP4.
Thks 4 preparing me mentally as I go 2 the next level in my career
Can't get enough of biggie .
Its raining like a bitch outside!,
Sitting in an insurance office waiting room.
My, but fimmaking is glamorous!
Did you know that created the Fxbg hashtag?
Ya learn something new every day....
I was in my car, Rolling with the windows down and sunroof open.
Listening to Nirvana today, It's been 18 years since Kurt Cobain died who did The Man Who Sold The World better?
Bowie or Nirvana?
Poetry spills from the cracks of a broken heart, but flows from one which is loved.
Dude ...
, that is Bad A.
I hope you have chills.
but that's irrelevant.
Dex One keeps calling trying to get us to pay for advertising.
Seems like the largest waste of advertising dollars possible.
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying
you said I put my hands up your shirt lol!
SOO sad Desperate Housewives is over forever...I've been watching that show since i can remember.
Great finale though!
Perfect!
Those are my favorite kind of people

Thank you for the shout out!
Can't wait to see you next week at the GFAF expo!
most people in my school suck, but there are a few who don't.
It's a bird...
it's a plane...
it's the DANGLER.
Some stuff I dont Understand but it may mean it shouldn't be
THANKSS RT :s/o to my new follower
Hey Currently this is a pretty involved partner open to certain partners.
However we are opening it up wider soon.
DM me
You2!
: Glad You Like It Enjoy your Saturday.:
Goodnight all!!
I think the ground zero water fountain looks better than the twin towers did.
Thanks for sharing.
Privacy is my concern and the reason I'm at/in this webinar.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
James Allen
My mind doesn't feel right...
Hate when it's not football season because then there is nothing on tv
Team follow back is always the best.
3
I'm starten to like her
Wait...
seriously?!
Tom Cruise is presenting best picture?
I'm sure I'll still see the new Superman movie.
I just can't imagine it holding a candle to The Avengers.
Can't wait to watch the grammys tonight...
bittersweet
lol I'm not holding my breathe ;
Too tired to think.
There aren't enough hours in the day!
Good morning.
I'm all ready up.
Hate that.
just oh?
lol.
I'm totally joking around with you right now haha
No school for me tomorrow 
sorry buddy :
Don't Distance Yourself.
Actually inspired my beard so this is appropriate.
lol I agree!
You better all come Friday for my bday!
Hahahahaha Francis is actually hilarious!
Thanks Jeff!
Appreciate the support!
: , Jensen is bringing it!
Fabulous food!
I'm curious, I've heard from libs that the author makes stuff up, and that parts of the book are plagiarized.
Which is it?
Those are definitely two good questions
?
about how much cheese, but i do agree that people can be extraordinarily generous without taking credit for it.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are.
If he did he would cease to be an artist.
Oscar Wilde
dude that happens to me I kissed this girl and was so close to goin wit her then she turned into a sick and went wit her ex
misseli: I inspired a tech policy advocate/conf.
planner to buy N Carr's book, The Shallows.
Behold the power of librarians!
and good luck lol
OddFact of the day: Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
We did!
Hope to be back one day soon.
A truly lovely spot.
musesocial Q1.
I think they do learn from eachother, how are online interactions between audiences different than in the museum?
I love mine.
Money well spent.
RT : Q4 Analytics that can recognize and respond to a performance need.very much agree
Successful authors have a master plan of action.
RT Enjoy Before a Night Out: Spring has sprung, and there's no better way...
via
OMG that vegetable is bitter.
Treviso 1  Me 0
shoutout to one of the coolest people that I've ever met:
Bobby Knight's smile!
Just discovered that finally came out with a doctorid app today!
So happy!
Congrats!
RT : Today is Founder's Day at GKTW.
Happy Birthday Henri  Margo!
Thank you for bringing hope into the lives of...
Sweet doctorams are made of these,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SIS LOVE YOU!
SEE YOU TONIGHT :!
Heard this one?
Two Snowmen walk into a bar and order a pizza!
from Pizza Shuttle!
We deliver all over the city!
Yes sir!
RT Follow for the latest 2010 Winter Olympics news from Vancouver
Nearing the end of the 8th week of my GetFitintheNewYear 2011 exercise program.
I'm keeping it up pretty regularly  doing GREAT!
RRRggh!
gonna head down to the capitol soon with the kiddos......
Gorgeous show Yoshi's sanfrancisco 2nite w/  Rare instance of poetry  jazz actually working creatively.
I ALWAYS READ IT REALLY FAST WHILE SCREAMING IT IN MY HEAD...
Church !
: what are all you mahomies doing ?????
yes why?
Michelle you are the best!
So great to start my morning with your brilliance.
Hope we see each other soon!
Listening to doctorving to Chicago to begin my new job at a soontobe beer  wine dive, recalling my own Hofbräuhaus memories
What does the 'finish' line look like?
accurate, verticalspecific Google?
Stack Overflow?
How does GOOG respond?
: word felt the same way.
It's almost like elections.
we're bestfriends :
When is 1D coming to Cali?
:
Who knew buying a new motorcycle for the mister.
would be harder than buying a new pair of shoes?!
SO EXCITED FOR BROFRIEND!
cannot wait...love from ireland xo
ATT reduces the speed to something untenable.
Blows
yes ma'am!
I thought us gay folks were supposed to destroy traditional marriage???
and I are in another wedding bring on the after party !
an anus
i use remember the milk too but i'm thinking of trying teux deux because it looks prettier
What did you do with your 1 hr of activity?
RT : I slept for 23 hours yesterday.
Literally
Shifting around my business ToDo list via Apples Reminder app.
Anyone suggest another list app?
Mine tend to be lloonngg.
Love organization.
Having fun at the SanDiegoAutoSho Love the car2gosandiego setup.
Carsharing is my new second car!
Check it out!
not quite, on call but activated.
It's even better when friends have amazing taste RT : Love what a small world DC is!
:
Follow Me Please!?
39
I know who she is :!
Hows it looking?
are the WebCams loading better now?
Trivia Tuesday now in progress.
Which team will emerge victorious and win 1/2 off their tab?
Sure.
And their weakest album is still a great album.
But Alligator and Boxer are still closest to my heart.
At for orientation I feel like cattle
Got dialed in to the Twitter Pull Module today.
Simple, elegant, powerful  highly themable.
Well, I knew what it was, but it's not like it comes up everyday...
I'm more likely to say Big Foot.
Oh.
And getting tickets Friday.
Yup.
I'm a happy camper.
Yes!
RT Please, Americans, stop trying to do English accents.
99 of the time they sound totally awful.
Catching some 
Pick up a free issue of today!
I'm really proud of this issue, especially page five.
RT 2,000YearOld Dead Sea Scrolls Go Online n.pr/r3cOvL
Take cover everyone in Bloomington
is it more awkward to correct someone who has consistently called you the wrong name or to answer to it?
my name is not carrie :
What's the life span of a crab??
It's as long as he doesn't get caught and Eaten LOL.
Sorry I know, dumb joke but it was funny to me lol.
So this dude just told me he hope the Lakers lose...i almost lost it..smh
I have a couple of new artists that I would like 2 promote...
what type of promotional packages do you have available?
ooh that doesn't sound good!
Have you seen a pulmonologist?
My DS is recovering from pneumonia right now.
Will the 76ers finally get a 30pts tonight?
This town has gone Super Bowl crazy
certainly not down in Central Oregon...
it's so windy and cloudy here.
SpringWhereYouAt?
We must preserve his legacy by continuing to represent the culture he loved so much  LL Cool J on MCA's passing
How closely government terror policy has aligned itself to exactly what we had been warned about time and again.
People just don't heed.
My bestfriend massages my feet...How nice ?
Ohh yeah.
I'm boss now ;
I want to take your misery; replace it with happiness, but i need your faith in me
thanks for the bday wishes Andoctora!
I hope all is well!
It's my last week in Colorado...
Yes, I've already cried about it this morning.
So many fun flavors to choose from.
30 to be exact.
Can't choose?
Join the Ped.Pal Club Buy 5 get one free!
or mike hunt
Heard on : occupywallstreet ows occupyKst occupyDC  All about giving VOICE to people whose voice has been ignored!
I want a person to come into my life by Accident, but stays on Purpose3 and thats exactly what happened:
Every once in a whilefor 10 minutes at at time :
haha MHMMM!
.
that movie is to freaking cute though!
Especially in front of you
Time for FULLCOURTLIFE!
!!!
love!
Game 7 in Boston Let's Go Bruins Let's Go.
Great job TYLER!!!!
What's in the past is past.
Follow she's my twin sister :D
YouCuteAndAllBut you're a lazy pothead.
I see no future.
Last of four days off in Colorado...
breathe.
Due for an oil change?
At Express Lube, we'll provide our premium service oil change in a matter of minutes.
Come on by today!
either your slangin crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot 
I was going to hit Twin Peaks tonight but reminded me of what's more important.
The gym.
Lord Why Do People Mess Uup There Lives And Blame It On There Parents
NEW YORK RANGERS AH literallllyyyyy heart attacks GALORE!!!!!
Why I love my job  this am I am exploring the many tools for making subjective judgments using probability : My head just may explode.
The clock in Johnston Hall is broken.
how long did you queue for?
Yes!
thank god rock won in wrestlemaniaWrestleMania XXVIII
I blame it on all those cool Fosters beer commercials
The older you get, the less people you trust !
good morning,1st day of production  ready for the madness.
time shall heal all wounds
I'm taking it day by day, wounded N.H.
officer says  Boston Herald
watching theWantedontheVoice!:D
I'L TRY JAMALLL RT : MAN MAKE THEM GO
oh  now that'd be nice..
but it would make it a little more difficult to get out a sentence!
they r really puffy though
Me to gym buddy trainer: The day that I give up white rice will be the day my grandma rolls outta her grave  smacks you upside the head.
get ya ass killed over bills like buffalo
I dont remember me havin to call u back...
I thought u was gonna let me know when the studio free my bad
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 16
Excited for the meeting with good friend tomorrow !!!
need your help
PIZZA MAKING DATE!
RT :  Order our HeartShaped Pizza for two!
Available readymade or as a kit to take home.
4129043277
Carrie Underwood is coming to the Rose Garden on Sunday October 7th.
Tickets go on sale this Friday.
Ive Roamed Over The Seven Continents Looking For You Only To Find You Sitting On My Front Porch
i fall too fast,crash too hard forgive too easy,and care too much
you should host poker and win ;
: Chances are greater that I'll b struck by lightning
and have a great bet goin on Not a fan of the jets, but think Beadle would do something killer on the billboard
Band night with
funnight feel better soon, I am sick too, send the Kleenex my way :
We don't!
: But we have absolute faith in them for game 6  7!
That'll be coming back later
Any special occasion why you're in vegas?
Yeah....
I like that junk.
: I love that song!!
What do authors think of this amazon lending library?
That's my reasoning why bully is inappropriate for under 11.
Besides, most of the adults were crying during suicidal moments.
Emotional.
Missing in science
im in chill mode
The doctorads are going in!
Let's hope they stay...
with
is this the real Robert?
You can fastforward through all the bad parts.
Which pretty much means the whole game, so no.
Any Internet streaming of the USABRA game?
RT : If there's a section of Heaven reserved for cats, I'll bet it smells awful.
Yes.
Moving back to the Midwest.
Last haircut before wedding any suggestions?
Mohawk?
Buzzcut?
Shaved bald?
At airport.
Gotta love Burbank :
Not tonight my friend
Wow 's horrendous behavior just makes me want to lose even more
hello, hello!
igetmadwhen people keep things from me and act like its okay.
: concerning OPD: All they seem to care about is whether they're wasting the money, not the integrity of any investigations.
Happy birthday to Matt Harvey!
26 years old it is pretty damn good!
all the best, bro!
Our changlorious freefriday offer is open to residents of teamblanketsburg and pillowtown ...
And
Just saw Addai signed with Pats.
Steal for NE.
Pats fans gonna get so much more than they realize/expect.
Thank you for all you have done for Milwaukee...
or that's right, you have don't nothing for us
Man Indigo  Trampolines  They Will Teach Your Kids About Camping
Happy Wednesday!
Followed but don't like spiders!
RT : Virgo childoctorn are intellectual and artistic.
They love to figure out how to make something, then make it beautiful.
The convos me n oomf have 
a clean house brings a clean spirit.
purchasing bins for a more spacious and neat look.
If you are and looking for the new pain au levain,do yourself a favor and order it unsliced and in a paper bag.
I'm struck by how much this session is a litscholars conversation; literary DHers use such different tools than historians
I'm finishing up the interaction design class on lynda.
Mostly refresher but very well done.
Have a great weekend at camp, Jerel!
Join us at Culinaria tonight, 57pm, for Sips in the City!
Unwind from work and enjoy complimentary beer, wine and apps.
bit.ly/vUmjKz
Math city bitch math math city bitch math city bitch math math city bitch math city bitch math math city bitch 10 10 10 20 50 bitch
did you just fart ?
cos you blew me away :
Me to my mom keeps telling me to get of she dont understand its adicting I CANT!!
Fell asleep on the couch in my clothes and glasses.
Woke up in freak out mode, today is going to be a long day.
Are you coming to see Annie?
It's been fixed!
I love the little 'whoohoo' in there.
Had 4 hand aroma therapy massage today in Bali for under 20 USD.
WOW!
Amazing!
In the end, hard to crack semantic web nut: Complexity, ambiguity of language get in the way.
I'd say today was a pretty great day
Awesome!
Sounds like I need to be in touch with you and
funny how I'm listening to Turn Me On rn lmao
I hate to say this in spite of a death...but as Americans, with no jobs, no royal wedding, no sense of hope, it feels good to be unified.
Survivor, Resister  Actor Curt Lowens in conversation w/ professorWolf Gruner at noon Monday 3/26 in Doheny Library
Everybody come to the PAC tomorrow to watch me perform my original song Curtain Call and a great classical guitar piece!
I'm not a parent but I still wouldn't bring my hypothetical baby to a bar.
Apparently people do that.
RT : If i can TAKE yo nigga , he wasn't YOURS from the beginning !
Bitch ..
LMBOOOO!
Hey!
How'd you get a copy of iPhone 4.0?
Is it available for developers only?
From where I am in CA, it's really hard to understand why folks are so upset about
If he'd shown any iota of that talent they wouldn't have.
What do you mean destroy...how about barely surviving with a man down for 12 minutes...our keeper saved us...great game!!
i found that tweet below that i retweeted very intriguing in making such a comparison it made of the two bands concerned ???
What are you talking about?
I have never been on his account.
Look.
Its over.
Why are being like this?
Why can't you
I'm loving life since walked into it 3
lmao...
I'm trying to better myself.
I get one reckless moment a day.
I accidentally uses it already lol
When gatorade freezes in the fridge so it tastes like a slushy 
wen makes u smile wen she texts you
that's what's up, I'll look for it my Brotha ...
Compared to 2010 the RedSox have scored in doubledigits 8 imore times  but at the same time been shut out 7 more times.
how are you?:D
Wow, dirty shot from Wade.
Lucky he didnt get bounced by the reffs, oh wait...
its the Heat.
Big day today, volunteering in a 1st grade reading class, and my first day teaching college kids..
Hope I don't get the materials mixed up
When your shoes don't match what your wearing 
have any artist suggestions or streaming sources?
Jeremy Lin benched tomorrow for only doctorpping 10 points.
15 minutes of fame almost finished.
It's about time.
: Yes!
Good bye Greg!!!!
Board games?
Video games?
Anykind of games?
Hey there, long time no talk huh?
How have all you been?
lol
Feeling rather skeptical that anyone born today will have any interest in print book or magazine collections except as collectibles.
thank you!
I have so many clothes  idk what to wear!
There's no movin' on, cause I know you're the one.3
I don't know if I'd like guinea pig, but not much can beat !
RT guinea pig..nothing as good as the goat
Thank God Sonya was ok!
DeMaio says San Diego's water isn't just environmental issue, it's an economic issue.
Thanks pla12!
It's been great!
On to NYC!
when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace Sri Chinmoy Ghose
UM no not off the top of my head srry
we haven't won since 1988 and suffered through Mccourt.
Ill take what I can get.
We have Shellac Mainucres and Pedicures!!!
Call today at 5778953 and book your next appt or visit our website at msalonaz.com
Happy v day twitters !!!!
Hope you're having an awesome time !!!!
:
tell me you love me
I hope to be 1/100th of the actor you are.
I teach survival skills..and every time I make a fire, I imitate you in Cast Away.
Michael Floyd is a guy any team would love to have.
Floyd and on one field.
Minnesota dudes!
Hoping I don't get assassinated on this Ides of March.
So Justin bieber is on the MoneyTeam now apparently?
saaamme with mme!
People say stuff about me all the time because I weigh 90 pounds,  I'm flat chested.
Smh can't help it
Twitter is weird
Why didn't St.
Paul residents get texts about the snow emergency?
The story is coming up on the
Where do you listen to music the most?
you can ship me over in a box!
Societal norms have changed and now allow for female fandom to be more
: my mom ALWAYS mad
the same thing happens with my oldest sob and mommy.
Uncomfortable
Not feeling so good today
Thanks for catching that John.
We're looking into it.
You're right, I bad viewing experience is unacceptable!
Congrats to
I Swear its so amazin to be a THUG..
A True Hero Under Gods sight from above Zro
She came in all like  and then like  in less than 5secs lmao
Move to Seattle!
well I guess opinions may just differ.
:
Roll Tide !!!
SEC Champ in Janurary going to be another SEC Champ in April !!!!
GO CATS !!!!
thepowermix live at 5 itsgoingdown!
i am in the mix BATONROUGE What up hit us up
ScrapnChick: Wonder Pets Birthday Party
Yeah, but at least we CT types don't eat pizza w/a knife  fork.
She's doing it for free...is worth the publicity.
beatboston stat and melo will do damage!
this stuff will put me to sleep lol
So, instead of citrus, flowers, melons, ocean it's more woods  earth.
Less talk people and more action!

Charging your phone 5 minutes before you leave Because you think it will make a difference t,
kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sun, May 13 1:00p: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm.
Fun...
People don't realize sarcasm is my native language.
Keep taking everything everyone says seriously and see how that works out for you :
LOL, at least it's not all the sparkly vampires on mine
Im seriously so happy right now.
jsdfhldkjghkjshgkh.
Dear Headphones, stop having rough sex in my pocket.
Sincerely, tired of untangling.
this whole week been stressful
lol okay I can't wait to see what you looked like young.
lol me too!
k good night 3
Haha well thank you very much!!
Thanks!!
Hope you're still thinking of coming to Philly!
One more day of Spring Break.
It hasn't gone as planned, but I appreciate the warm weather.
Now we gon get fucked up no excuses no apologies
Vacation TW.
just landed Houston for 5day conference
New to stores this fall, Breaking Bad flash cards!
Don't just teach spelling!
Teach important life lessons too!A.M.
Morning sex is the best.
Hell, im the best.
COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS HAS HELP DIABETIC GROW HAIR BACK IS ALSO SAFE FOR BABIES, LOOKING FOR EXPOSURE office5869352461
Ok on the clock...
don't fuck it up!
I got 5 tickets!
Deal's still on, right?
;
I forgive :
Thinking about constructing social spaces through digital tools in Conversation Starter session B11 at
We got extremely lucky.
It's a tough business to work with.
Lloyd Banks
Lamb's in the Boro and so is Jones!
Boston is so much greener than Maine currently.
Reason number: 184493628292 why I like Boston over Maine.
Paige, you need to come.
He's YOUR husband, remember?
;D
we're doing a film production this summer.
Let's talk in May about it.
happy birthday Kevin!!!
: Good AM RT : Awesome FollowFriday  You too!
You are ready early!
You must be pumped!
HE SAY HE LOVE ME W.E THAT IS
The Wave have won the 2012 MISL Championship.
Me too
I hate finals only because you if you finish early, half my teachers won't let me listen to my iPod.
:
ListOfTurnOns dimples,smile,abs,teeth,great personality, and education,
I agree!!
RT : Smh don't apologize to that hater
thanks for the follow:
Schwarzenegger and Stallone are asked to be in a movie about composers.
Stallone said he wants to be Mozart.
Arnie says I'll be Bach
Thanks for the follow!
is the best person ever!!!
Never felt sorry for but definitely was sorry that she had to go through itas I do for anyone fighting cancer.
: Employers don't need cdt checks on employees.
However, Internal Controls should be taken seriously.
Sep/duties, etc.
I hope you went to church
Merry Christmas To You Too!!
:
Sarcasm: the ability to insult idiots , without them realizing it.
AskJakeThrupp surfing or swimming?
:
But LTE?
I have literally never though, man, wish I had 3G on my current iPad as there is always wifi where I want to use it.
Lets get that no good weirdo fruitcake woman killer!!!
and get him back to the USA to face justice!!!!!
for Natalee!!!!!!
Wish from a librarian at an archives conference: MCLC.
New York Times Launches Social Media Ad Program
Should be on the golf course.
Not at work!!
titular men?
How did Bawney Fwank come into this conversation?
lessexcitingbandnames Bad Meets Eva
Loved ABQ native ActuallyNPH on the Tonys.
Brilliant performance and inspiring comments on the value and importance of live theatre!
Oh my god, we need to trend it.
Why, oh why does it feel like late July?
Got more surprises for all my wonderful fans...
Stay tuned this week for exciting updates and mail outs!
Maria Menounos powered through two broken ribs and a fractured foot while performing on DancingWithTheStars.
Who has your vote?
I'll k km in j ink you'd ok lobbyists n .
Maggie Smith gets better every episode.
Also I may or may not have gotten 4.5 hours asleep because of love affair with Downton
kindle daily deal today for Bio of a Space Tyrant series.
Vol 1 is free!
The other 5 are only .99.
A classic scifi epic.
I went to eppies for lunch today and it was like a pregnant ladies convention in there.
What was going on about 6 months ago in Cville?
I just saw an old man wearing the 8 ball jacket and a leather baseball cap to match.
Awesome
Just voted in the DC Primary...I was voter 61 and the 1st Republican
looks like the conversation kept going.
Omar I'd appreciate it if you could unblock so we can communicate
I see u're following ppl: Why not me?
:o
I know you have been hurt, I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
Congrats to the Flyers!
Coolin in class ready to go home
Your right Tony!!
: Gotta love Anthony Bennedetto.
Sitting here with my lady listening to her play guitar and trying to figure out why youtube's server is down..
Hey we're glad to hear it!
Feel free to let us know if you ever have a question or a suggestion.
The Marlins build a 56 zillion dollar stadium and the fans chant, let's go heat after game.
Good luck Ozzie Guillen.
evil laugh 
Agree RT : Please stop using the words Game Changer after every tech/social announcement please.
That is all.
Thank you.
made the mistake of following Major timeline hijacker!
Too much of a good thing!
LMFAO my school got a twitter....they have like 400 tweets but only 12 followers.
LOLOLOLOL
Have fun!
payback RT Heading to the Bulls game tonight.
Payback time for the
Saw  vertone at wing Daddy's :

man I can't believe Sapp would start that nonsense.
Smh
Great concept RT : Fail faster than competitors  learning faster
RT : cool!....
Easter was great!
Hoe yoyrs was...
good morning Deana!
I'm gonna put Ace on my followers you ...
20ThingsAboutMe I hate bein smart but when half the bitches out here who are havin fun right now are workin  Micky D's ill be making 2 mil
I need my headphones, omg.
If you have the chance, go see Ryoji Ikeda: The Transfinite at the Park Ave Armory.
It is fantastic.
TweetDeck for Chrome now Twitterbranded.
Looks nice.
Expect Anything From Anyone; The Devil Was Once An Angel.
singing Tee E Bo!
Tebow!!!
I hate to say this but Randle is another good pick fuckng Giants and Marc Ross
love you kels!
feelin lonely earlier so called a fuckcub to fuck, cuddle, andspend the night.
he's asleep and I'm horny again.
What to do, what to do...
My brain hurts...
Alcohol will make it better
Friendship: A series of nick names, inside jokes and doctorma...
U gotta love it!!xD
You've got 2 more hours to signup for tomorrow's beach volleyball tournament!
Signup at the Info Desk!
KoolAid voice Oh Yeah RT : So the Bills are the doctoram Team now, right?
Wait....just saw this.
Sugar free?
Completely?
Mama I'm scared.
What's happening in this world??
Someone come pour coffee into me until I can move again.
Ahem...
unprivated it, thanks man
have a wonderful day!
today must be my lucky twitter day 333 followers there must be some significance all those 3's
I want to be on the beach right now
rt: Party is on in DC in a big way....
im not being a strsnger baby just been real busy lately you have always been in my mind
Is SOPA a first amendment issue?
Seems like it might be..
Should newspapers join the blackout?
Got to say: The Nation is indispensable to me.
Gotta have it!
Such thoughtful, interesting, cogent writing.
You don't know my grief
Nope, we don't have a sink disposal.
Homemade rice crispy treats3
Why you no follow me?!
U JUST saw this tweetsorry!Downloaded and look forward to listening.
Sorry I didn't know twas there til now!
xo
wait Talib...
Get proof first LBVS
You guys did it up right!
RT : Record Store Day is over
I know you totally wanna practice and work out on the off day big guy.
We're here all day to do your laundoctor, don't worry!
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'm sore but looking better and want more of it!
What gets your butt off the couch?
Did the heat win?
Guy on the bus reading a Kindle AND an iPhone while listening to headphones.
And these birds won't shut up outside my window
: Foooodddddddd  ima devour this chicken wing in ya honor :
no neck monsters..
: Someone's has a little lesbo crush on lawlz your obsessed and a hoe.
AMEN.
This is why we're best friends.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Did you know that pink roses represent everlasting love?
Now I pay the price at work 
Congrats on your WFR!
Glad I stopped by to support Tx Titans 16u cause they're leading Baltimore Elite 16u.
7153 with 3min left.
Hey guys!
Checkout goodexposure.org !
And learn more about Suprah Navahs up coming music video!
Thank for the follow hun!
no fun in that!
I'm sure that's what you're used to.
Your name is kind of inviting it.
: I was the first view!
Also is it too soon to declare teambuffy ?
what do u think ?
I miss my bestie!!!
The crisis of public higher ed has its roots in the contempt for scholarship you condone.
Exactly, cc
SpotTheShuttle Discovery and Washington Monument are all trending worldwide.
The power of D.C.
nerddom is not to be underestimated.
Is anyone going to grow their own vegetable/herb garden this year?
We usually grow herbs, but we will be growing veggies this year!
But who really knows, 2010 got beat by a smaller WVU team with a fat point guard.
Wall and Bledsoe should have been able to doctorve.
wish the site can have open, moderated, accessible comments.
They're the best part of 's site.
you own my heart he's only renting...
i love that
Male Health: many men with prostate cancer are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Lycopene, Vitamin E and Soya
Congrats to Bills on making things happen!
My Question: 10 pick now WR, OT, CB all make sense, or should they take another pass rusher?
Born to win.
Yeah, bring it!
It doesn't fit with their narrative of preset ideas.
It is sad

you are very welcome!
You looking fa a dude, girl i aint yo guy....
Hello!
Do I know u?
Just wondering.
We at Indigo Tree Publishing wish to extend a HAPPY THANKSGIVING to all our friends  editors, designers, artists, retailers  book buyers.
I'll bet you are...
Damn...lol
tis a bummer indeed.
did you watch him on the Colbert Report a few months back?
it was quite humorous,
Pirates of the Caribbean.
If you know of any movie that could be more epic, tweet it to me.
But nothing is better then POTC
Guess You Don't Remember/All The  You In My Whip/That just got real serious!!!
As the 3rd is set to start.
The marauders seek a fresh start with ty Kovach in net
2cd doctorve for first team offense wide right missed fg
1 more for Everton and I get 30 pts IKTS ; Newcastle....well, at least we finished above Chelsea and Liverpool ;D!
Celebrating my first week with a cocktail
I'm so excited for may 1st salt lake hopefully be able to get v.i.p passes love you guys:
TAKE CARE OF YOUR BODY like the temple that it is!!!
Got my beta invite to the new Evernote, Pinterest: Say farewell.
It's all over.
Things I learned on Twitter today: Dick Vitale likes the banner; the cobra's still tweeting; KC gets Google's ultra fast broadband.
Thanks for helping sponsor the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend  hope your training June 79 is a great success!
Afternoon Twitter!
Looks like you have been way busier than myself muah ha ha!
Clock out, untuck my shirt, heading to the rally
church is letting out
The term USDAinspected isn't worth the server it was tweeted on.
It's like saying that laws are governmentapproved
are energizers Presbyterian?
They excite my sarcasticandsnarky tendencies.
Ahh HelloMonday how I despise you at least we have nice weather
lol had too
to be able to sing is truly a beautiful gift.
Awesome Grinch
Hope everyone has an amazing 2012!!!!
Its going to hard to top how perfect 2011 was, but I'm sure going to give it a try!!!
Great hanging with you at the Green Mill, thanks for coming out!
Trying to figure out plans for nye
hahaha that was too funny
Thanks Andoctora, Got some great things happening this week, including the launch of MarketingBum.tv with audio  video podcasts
This is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night.
People try to change thier environment  friends but sometimes it just boils down to them!!!
Great to hear!
RT : HRP in Florida has moved!
Visit us at 1817 Cypress Brook doctorve, Suite 102 in New Port Richey, FL
Inspired to Inspire!
I've tweeted 5x re:sheriff's lab witness who perjured himself  suddenly left the dept.
Dumanis refuses to inform bar.
HUge!
Thankful that things are in their way up!
Even when it's the darkest, God shines a light that lets me know I'm not forgotten!
I'm always in Dallas.
I'm going back end of the month.
I'm headed to Cali the upcoming week.
You got to show me around
I could never leave you all without asking, duh!
really, when was the last year U saw a Colt team make this many penalties?
Very undisciplined!!
They need a coaching change!!!
Man...
Why is it that the Hoosiers just cannot win a road game?
Smh.
Ralph??!
Omg lucky!
REALLY?!?
Hmm I should work there lol
Whitney will truely be missed.
I can't believe its her funeral today :'
TeamFollowBack I am now following  follow
I like my horse being in the 3 slot.
Take Charge Indy has speed and Borel loves being on the inside.
PG saying Harrison will play and will start
Love the website and Facebook page!
True, the Swoosh just gets me sprung
Watching one of my all time great movie.
Omg !
Cousins truck got stolen in st.Louis this morning ...gotta work black Friday in about 4 hours !
: But my car won't startdamn dat sucks
omg that was my life up until 2 weeks ago!!!
It was horrible.
ISConf No innovation will thrive in risk averse nonprofessorts that don't allow failure speakers talking about their failures
If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been.
Robert Brault
NJ Att.
Gen announced today that 27 men and one woman charged in NJSP child porn investigation.
Some from South Jersey.
20  11 ...
That's impressive!
Congratulations!
I hope you'll still be playing the rest of the games.
:
My timeline has been blown up by and haha!:
Just made 25 Dollars yay me
Everyone is jumping on the country bandwagon these days.
Just saw Lionel Richie has a new country album coming out.
Who's next?
In my mind I'm playing lawn darts with baby unicorns.
Or something.
Shatner and hilarious together.
Add Ham Rove and you'd have three hams.
Aww man that killjoy
electrical fire in Memorial Gym.
Real shoot out workers worked in Memorial
Someone slashed my tire last night while I was at work oO ai
tweets always make me smile :
: We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today in N.C.
He threw the ball great and looked very comfortable out there.
The MAC addoctorss changes though
Trynna win the lotto so I buy tickets in every state
okay and is you mad?
Almost nothing irritates or depresses me more than construction noise.
Gotta come up with a plan to deal this summer.
What a great concert last night for happyhour with
Kerris Write Something: Electronic cigarette holder car.
I never have anything clever to tweet!
oh yeah we have stuff to talk about
I think I have pastry cream in my hair.
Again.
Your evening sounds incredible!
Once in a lifetime opportunities!
Question: Does the MUO apartment have access to a piano?
Strive for progress, not perfection.
: Step one to doin something...
Do it urself
I never thought I'd see the day when the NFL network would discuss a Lady Gaga tweet.
Towel monster strikes Stanford!
Same table today, looking forward to taking all of your chips!!!
The tweetmythesis I just posted was my dissertation thesis.
Are people tweeting current projects too?
That appears...unnatural.
happy!
happy!!
happy!!!
birthday!
birthday!!
birthday!!!
sister i love u so much!!
ooooweee mayne we gone have us some fun
thanks so much wish you could be here!!!
I stand corrected
hi britt
That article bugs me too.
And I heart The Corrections  am bummed about HBO's choice.
Call me a lurid young man, I loved TB.
chelsea handler is such an old washed out ho.
Eww that was meanQ
Lmao bring it
RT : Jobs starting to return largely because wages are trending downward.
We accomplish little if we create jobs by lowering wages.
I seriously hate auditions.
lol Orton almost botched his little apron hop.
Great work by launching !
I love this!!!!
I hate that Bon Iver says his name wrong.
sorry beautiful but fuck LA lol, cant stand them cats, hope the thunder or San Antonio bust they ass, no hard feelings
Be sure to vote for only one candidate in the WI presidential primary tomorrow, not one from each party :
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I was hoping to go out with your friend, but you'll do.
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Halloween Social last night!
You made the event a great success  nearly 400 people came out!
I made choc mousse from avocados ...amazing
Grad school may sound like a safe choice but ABD isn't fun don't attempt a PhD unless you r fully committed.
Ah Or, I prefer saying Shut Up.
Ha Ha Ha
Need 2 tickets to NYTM tomorrow.
Anyone not able to go?
not because i don't like her but because i just can't deal
Are you going to the Yellow Phone Music Conference tomorrow?
What is it that you want that is missing?
did you delete my account
Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like
yeah but you got it.
If you passed remediation the final shouldn't be that bad
Cutest guy on youtube ?
Go follow him if you haven't !
You won't regret it3
Diabetes: Hemoglobin A1C test measures average blood sugar over a period, 23 months.
The lower the result, its better.
250 for new glasses...a god...
money no grow pon tree lol
Wondering how many people will tweet Marry Me at tomorrow.
Not really a miracle...
Bad defense by packers.
RT : Wow.
A miracle catch for the Giants.
That never happens.
yes I did.
I need to know what would be the next step
likewise!
Nice work repping the Midwest :
To CONGRESS: We do NOT NEED GUN CONTROL!
We need legislators to update the laws in this country, so that criminals...
or the part about getting your MBA from Georgia Tech
Heading to Heinz Field today to protect our boys at the game
It's been two months and you said you'd help me be full.
Why does it feel like I'm completely empty almost every day?
yeah u betta be joking u knew id pop u in ur little 14 year old mouth!
:
doctorw And Brittany Brees Talk About Their Food Allergies And Raise Money for ...
MarketWatch
There's a thin line btwn psychology and selfhelp books nowadays
okay well then were both bitches.
Yeah?
not me...that literally was a nailbiter!
Do you have a good doctorll to addoctorss thin contact/topping?
: Will go on as a mentor for The Glee Project?!
my shorts?
Lol
it is after you enter all of your addoctorss info on the last checkout page, or on the main page if you use Google Checkout
america , where salads are more expensive then hamburgers,  ebooks are more expensive then regular books.
awesome!
Our waiter Johnee was so much fun!
RT : still partying.
No sleep for real...with 4 real though!
Where are you seeing that????
So I think someone stole my garage beeper out of my car.
Who does that?
SMH.
Happy Birthday Have a wonderful day!
I feel like food distracts me more from studying then my phone does
Only made it to the first day of ir12 due to work.
About to get on the cruise and rely on tweets I've read to keep up with conversation.
Omg gonna meet the boys tomorrow at playlist!!!!!!!
:D
If the tax payers win in wisconsin it is like gettysburg.
More states will be empowered and energized to follow.
MT : Wonking out on ACA at nasi2012 conference.
Ate lunch with LA Times columnist Michael Hiltzik.
Pawn Stars isn't a realistic portrayal of a pawn shop because the history of most things pawned stopped at the filed down serial numbers.
We did that for a while but found that short surveys didn't provide enough nuance.
Will reformulate at some point.
whats on the agenda:State Treasurer Roundtable
Dammit!
I feel like I'm getting a sore throat.
i love reading anything ms.
fletcher writes.
especially the ones on the blog!
Having gone for years, I have to admit that I now prefer to experience SDCC vicariously through tweets  pics; less crowded, less smelly
Green smoothie and crepes for breakfast.
I love Thursdays at sdsu!
yeah aren't they just great
I love my sister, no matter what's happened with our family.
who are they eluding?
Those pesky proofreaders?
Looking up a band and going Holy shit they're good!
Why couldn't I have known them before?
that happened to me today with
Tirra Lirra Record Update: sample presses sound good.
going to press after the holiday.
: : Nigga please!
you can't say that word he just did
The thinker dies, but his thoughts are beyond the reach of destruction.
Men are mortal; but ideas are immortal.
Richard Adams
firstrowsports.tv or follow for HD links.
how was your trip to where ever you went???
this stupidity is getting redundant
Practicing in the lab working on a new demo!
Happy Friday!
Subscribed calendars should show up as 'busy' on main calendar.
If my cal says I'm in the air, I can't attend a meeting.
Off sum 1800
haven't been able to log in to the site with twitter for like a week now.
issues?
Everytime I see Woody Harrelson on TV I have to say..
Zombieland!
It's Beer Fight Day!
We got one ticket left!
Who's the lucky beer geek gonna be?
Where are those pictures?
I may have a hangover moment.
lol well then nobody RT'd that last tweet burn where all of Bluey's fans at cmon now tweeps
hahahahha that sucks
hawkeye is cute too but thor is my kind of guy classy strong the hair
Single single single single for tonite
The childoctorn in the gallery are in awe of the artistic genius
I'm gonna be up all night
A solid F for that half.
I expect much better in the 2nd half.
Hopefully Gant doesn't want to go out like this, who knows about Ross/Tone...
very cool!!
The grass isn't always greener..
I'm ready.
MLB fires Shyam Das?
I'd like to give that man a job, not to mention a laurel and hearty handshake.
OMG!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Your 18 so I can't date you anymore untill I turn 18; Haha well I love you and have a FANTASTIC day3
Feel old saying this..What has happened to our youth.
These LP high students need to cover up a bit.
A Ton.
The best way to avoid disappointment is to not expect anything from anyone.
watching Mob Wives.
Ready for bed.
War of 1812 in Ohio  information at www.warof1812.Ohio.gov
Some guys with a microphone like will just never get it.
The O's tragedy has now affected a hero and his family.
Can't wait till the semester is over and I can start my amazing summer.
I have a Bali yoga retreat planned for June!
great workout!
NOW errands!
Happy Birthday to my homeboy Cedoctorc Heavy D Patterson.
New beginnings never get old
hey ANNE!!!!
wutz good???
Only now am I fully appreciating the luxury and necessity of a Quiet Place to Write.
Tweeting battle
Currently shorting the
RT Seaweed, spirulina salad, marinated raw veggies, apples, chocolate, and green juice.
Have to start looking at things the right way make good choices , succeed and get somewhere .
I have goals and I'm pursuing them ....
and i went to my mom and said mom i need a hug i told her why and i said what if he quits and just idk mom i just need a hug!!
woo!
Good luck!
Just be your charming self and you'll be great!
And then tell me how it goes!!
People tripping on shrooms almost make me want some.
Almost.
; in that case u shud start accepting applications for a new man in ur life
Happy New Year East Coasters!
Hope to see y'all soon in 2012.
What do you call a bee who's had a spell put on him ?He's beewitched !
its time for you to get a new phone then :
this is so true for relationship these days
yea more people need to do that, people are disgusting
Just heard giving a statement about the street car on 5 days after swearing in, she's already working for Arlington!
You are gorgeous af follow me?:
A2: like anything else, you gain Clev buyin when show value against broader goals
Pink sugar is freaking expensive.
.
I hadn't realized Kenny was on here!
Jack Sparrow?
I sure hope so!
This winter has been especially brutal.
haha..
I love your enthusiasm!!
My hint was to easy.
Keep checking Facebook, twitter,  our website.
Updates are coming soon!!
RT Excited to learn more about  clearly a leader at 2012GSNC  in the field!
Me too!
:D
Kids go where there is excitement.
They stay where there is love.
what song is that?
you are my spirit animal
Omar Infante now has more home runs in three ABs, then the Phillies have had in 3  2/3 games.
I cant wait for Utley Howard to be back
Happy Wednesday, Columbus!
Please don't follow me if you are against partying, because you're just going to waste both of our time.
whats fan of the week ?
lol
I hope I don't go to school tomorrow probably I won't plus I am really sick!!!
And the teachers said I could go back when I feel better yey!
So far this has been an Alabama Shakes kind of morning.
Don't be jealous.
HACKED by
Done playing with the sorry team now time to go play with Ricardo's team
Don't worry.
Those are old.
Senses Fail new song, The Fire...check it!
RSVP: Fun Little Movies
yeah kinna pissin in the wind and up hill when u do that.
Only possible response: Oops.
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
Happy cinco de mayo doctornken clothing swap...day!
Maybe in 15 or 20 years we can actually be friends.
....lol uh no thanks misterConnors don't hold your breath.
I like them all except Va Tech over FSU.
Oregon State have a chance to upset Oregon?
Okay..
Cool with me..
Wait whats ur name so i can save it in my phone
Thanks so much!
I have heard great things about that festival, too.
Definitely going to submit to them!
Trying to put my baby to sleep.
Predators  Coyotes Game 2 Thread  On The Forecheck
BREAKING: The Red Sox got Robert Andino out.
Just a little bit late.
yup!
It's on right now :
does Denver kicking the tires on Manning mean they are not committed to Tebow???
Tx!
We've posted regular messages on our intranet from the Japan team.
In response, our employees wrldwide have been generous.
We would like to ask our followers to retweet those news stories  articles/reviews 2 others they think their followers would like 2 know
is here.
real dude.
Okay, im about to get in the shower, Bbl.
APPARENTLY PAUL MCCARTNEY WAS ON 30 ROCK.
WHY DID I MISS THIS.
Hope I don't throw up breakfast!
Every Monday Night, Happy Hour lasts til 10pm!
1 Local Oysters, 3 doctorfts and 4 Wines by the Glass.
Be Bold!
via : Its Teacher Appreciation Week  Take a second to thankateacher and reflect on your favorite educators.
Just had a great afternoon chat with for her podcast series!
We are both fans of 
Spending some time with a HTC Evo Design 4G as it has been a while since I really immersed myself in the Andoctorid user experience.
are you going to be at the ca vs riot tourney?
This year?
Daylight Saving Time is March 11.
Which means we lose an hour.
Can't we just move it a 1/2 hr and leave it that way year round?
Explored the city of Ottawa tonight and really enjoyed it.
Nice pubs!
Made me realize how I miss to sit outside in a Tshirt at night.
Anyone have agood accident story?
We would like to give away free auto services to those with the funniest story!
Nope : I'm off today.
Doing homework, cleaning and writing 'thank you' notes.
Might actually have to cook real food.
FAB.
Details please?
If I have to be confused with anyone, I am glad it's you.
:
Amy thanks for the follow
City bound.
Gorgeous day.
Brunch.
Rehearsal.
Gym.
Happy Saturday!
Taking Back Sunday all the day long.
The wife is Serving as the federal legal consultant for Mitt Romney's visit today, and I'm at home watching Trollhunter.
End of the top of the 2nd, OLLU and TSU tied at 0.
i love how Pitbull doctorsses.
he never wears jeans or anything.
Hes always so nicely doctorssed.
Can't Stop!
Won't Stop!
Green Bay Packer fan?
Buy 100 ticket to the Greg Jennings Celebrity Golf Outing Extravaganza party June 11th www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Ah gross.
Good luck!
What'd you get the Mom?
I'm so happy!
I was done at 4pm today!
Yeah!
I'm working on it.
That was my question
I should be home around 3:00 or so
On Location: London, in a Lofty View Michael D x2019;Souza fell in love with a fixerupper in Mortlake, a district in southwest London ne
Staats was a captainin of Albany's burghers guard from 1650s to the 1680s.
Misses you too
Last class
Green Bay 3 words
My neighbors dog is so annoying..Gosh just SHUT UP
Yup, my thinking, too.
Straight shot down east side for other stops if I end up with extra time.
Washington Post professorles DC's new juvenile mental health diversion court, 1 of a dozen similar courts around the country...
Excited for the Building Block Calendar on 4/8.
A lot of parents will be stealing this one from their kids!
My normal Friday start: High Intensity Interval Training at I can still feel it 16 hours later.
I was up with the sun again today, prepping for another day on the campaign trail.
You won't outwork me in this race.
Welcome to Passport to Fashion, presented by , Your New Favorite Digital Glossy!
Fuck the police.
I'll doctornk and doctorve all I want.
Anyway, this 40oz Slurpee was only 99 cents..
I need to be doctornk
Sexting In Suburbia might be the best Lifetime movie title, ever.
It's International Women's Day!
see, I just told her saved by the bell reruns make am gym sessions bearable.
BUT THAT TOO.
Texas fans follow Orangebloods.com for full coverage of the Under Armour All American Game  US Army All American Bowl
PAYDAY TOMORROW!!!!!YESSIR!
:
Glad we're on the same page.
Safety first.
Buzzed second.
Feeling good the whole day.
make sure your ipod charged so we can record messing wit people
5 rookies in the lineup for the Sabres and they are sticking in there
Does cee loo have childoctorn's sized hands?
whichever gets me 50 bucks.
Haha.
I was never good on betting.
I wanna win.
Lol.
Present the KAPPASPLASH Boat Party!
Most Anticipated End Of The Year/Graduation Party of the Semester!
Contact Any Nupe 4 Tickets
nigga please I gotta note  then I got another appt dis afternoon.
Excused.
!!!!
Though, I think I'm more surprised at the excitement b/c Diablo I has no PS3/360 version.
People don't get this excited over PConly games
I have a sinking feeling you already know...
How will we prevent cheating if we allow students to do work and take tests with pencils?
While watching James bond I've learned one thing...don't miss while shooting on a plane or u will be blown away.
sure you can can;
My son does, he is a long distance runner.
Sitting in a blind waiting for the little piggies to walk up and start rootin up the hogwild.
It's gonna be awesome!
New phone
we are doing the National Walk  lunch on April 25 looking forward to it too.
Hope it will be warmer 2morrow.
Great start to the morning...
My car doesn't start.
Giants have been outplaying the Pats in this game, I'm just glad we have the lead at the half.
Wait what?
Would you climb the Hollywood sign?
dad was on the way to the pet store and got distracted by the microsoft store ..sigh...
I think needs to know the uproar her cookies cause.
She should start a bakery!
your day finally came
May have to think about moving Swish ahead of tex
damm kinfolk when u go let ya boy spin for one of ur events...i play err thing.
Frm boogie shit to electronic music like trance etc.
Gay marriage is a sin in the bible?
Let's also read the passage on shell fish being one as well.
doctornking an vibing wit tha team
Is it just me or is Facebook actually down?
When has that happened before?
: Happy Mothers Day!!
I hope you enjoy today and everyday after and I know you'll beThank you..I'm late.
...
The caffeine is kicking in...
time to get things done!!!!!!!!!!!
Who's that yonder laughing at me?
Some people would disagree
she meant that she beat her damn head against the concrete until she thought of the other status.
Join us Oct, 2728!
Learn about programs being developed across the country !
Pretty sure it says I like men.
RT : did the tattoo on Inge's arm say i like Inge?
I hate the morning after a migraine where you wake up and have to slowly find out, Oh no...do I still have it?
Please don't come back...
What?!?!?
We are all here together at once?
Astounding!
Let the festivities begin!
; ill agree w that!
still there?
Tracy Morgan for president!
seeing oomf portfolio  makes me wanna build muscle!
Excited for our chat TONITE from 810pm EST.This chat is for juniors in high school!4 more info, check american.edu/admissions
hahahaha that often becomes a problem.
I love her music
ok I like it cuz my fav.
doctorver has it on his car
Forget school, going to American Fork with :
Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect.
Leonardo Da Vinci
Roxbury mall hustle
Next is a sprint tri in 2 wks RT : Welcome back!!
The Twitterverse needs some Sutton pics!
What's next on your race calendar?
um ok.
i just got some weird info that i dont understand on wattpad.
making me think about this.
dont know if ill b able 2 sleep tonight.
I hate you Photoshop!!!!....But I need you at times :/
might be a better day to go to ...
tho I have never been looks and sounds like a great idea!
Lmao its like a porn scene!
Jay Farrar  Benjamin Gibbard  California Zephyr  05:34 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
follow me
El mariachi juvenil de bryant Webster...beautiful music to start first general session
I'm saying  our schedules haven't matched up yet, and by comparison, you live in buttfck Egypt compared to me.
I want to Try Sum SO Badd now!!
I want to Cum to Texas!!!
I love you.
The weekend is finally here!
Anything goin on around LA?
Few isolated morning showers for counties along and south of I94.
Otherwise, mostly cloudy.
64 inland, 56 lakeside.
Me too!
Thats my sh!t : FactsAboutMe My fav cereal is Fruity Pebbles if there is 1 bowl left..my kids gotta fall back..lmao
well its gonna b raining
hi!
We r having a wine event in Houston in 2 weeks, would u like to come and let the community try your wine?
Loving London and the office!
Orange is Global!
I would love to know what role handles referrals at your organization?
Is it front desk, back office, clinical support, physician, other?
I looked on her calendar and it doesn't say anything so I didn't do it anyways.
haha
A day void of writing leaves me parched and ready to tackle the next with an unquenchable thirst for the story.
thx, at we analyze social media trends for brands, for ex: influencer communities are worth more than a TV ad!
is my idol.
Little man not feeling good.
101 temp.
Good info Tomm!
Enjoy the show with you and JT.
But hey, please tell him to quit being a Raider's homer:
consideritdone : hurting but well worth it.
Encore next week?
Agreed, except for the glaring lack of genitalia.
man hell no what the fuck
i know my mouth can be very disrespectful
damn sweet.
eidet mobarak hope you have a great year
oh, wonderful, that's great news.
Thanks for letting us know.
I feel guilty for wanting to take math  physics courses simply because I'm interested in things like Fourier series.
Expensive hobbies.
he did not get it!
Don next time can you tell him to get extenze?
Now you're being dishonest about what other people chimed in with.
Reread those tweets for the Marxist  baby killer talk.
Thought of the Day: Faith keeps us together:
such an enlightened view that is!
The more I go to school, the more I never want to go to school again.
SENIORITIS WhensGraduation?
np Dear Prudence by The Beatles
Death by unkept file structure.
Ug.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND HAVE A GRAND TIME TODAY HOPE ALL UR WISHES COME TRUE
Wer my baby?
Show at mad frog in cincinnati tonight with !
We go on at 10pm!
Thanks, Jody!
Jodyth and doing a great job doing a video 101 presentation
LMFAO!!!
Who is it?
You gotta tell me because that's got me rolling on the floor.
Brutal Funny!!!
please do.
You haven't lived until you've had an adult beverage with and I ; Too bad.
I'd love to meet you in person.
THOSE WINGS WERE ON POINT LAST NIGHT!
miss you 2!
x
yeah yeah.
Say that after I call you out.
Check out connectedlearning.tv
Ace of the 1st line of the Mu Beta Chapter of ΣΑΙ Spr.
2K12 1 Miss Repeat Sign
I was going to tweet you congrats for finishing school, but then I saw you got called off work today and now I'm jealous so yeah.
you too shaybutta!
Not as cool as me but you're getting there
mobile learning...students use their mobile devices for social purposes instead of academics...this can be corrected
John Daniel, Commonwealth of Learning, to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf.
and Intl.
Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010ACISFinal.asp
The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.
When we talk, fireworks something like the 4th of July
bankerslife is filled with crimson today!
Its not very attractive for a man to try and make a woman feel bad for WORKING.
Actors need support and patience NOT selfishness.
In the concourse behind the bleachers.
Man, it might be the overenthusiasm of dieting, but 's organic string cheese is the best string cheese I've ever eaten.
I love receiving calls and texts from my family members, theyre the best :
Big Time Rush can dive off a cliff, jump from a plane, or go for a swim with sharks in the sea.
:D
Sometimes bein the youngest is bullshit I swear sometimes I'm the oldest wth cone on now can I have a break unto me
damn is that the route we going?
Because yanno....
We've got a lot to learn.
God knows we're worth it.
Loving me some bachata right now 
: I know I'm not the unluckiest person out here.
I'll be back.
IK Kim Hard to watch, handles it like a pro.
cruelgameattimes
Just followed a bunch of people from the ROC area.
Don't let me down.
Or else...
Is it bad if i cuss out my mother in public?
B/c im getting to that point of annoyance.
Great new logo!
Have a question to ask  on the Future of Digital Media ADWKDC panel?
Ask away!
Germ factory.
Ladies Night 58pm TONIGHT at Mad Mex South Hills.
20 admission for a margarita, appetizers, polish change, chair massage
Yea boy
oops shots fired.
Up early, listening to Rocko  Snakes
RT : August 22, 1950: Althea Gibson becomes 1st AfricanAmerican on U.S.
tennis tour.
Cosign on that Met him while interning at WMG....very refreshing.
Discipline is a practiced skill.
It is not something some are born with and others aren't.
Zach Marcy
Blake Griffin.
Man down :
So many great ways for actors to network and meet stellar industry people  The Actors Network rocks.
Rock Band Blitz looks really good.
I like spinoff titles, and the songs can be exported to RB3.
What's not to like?
Pinky  The Brain 3
Sorry I haven't been on forever!
But not having a good day because some bitch called me fat and I'm pissed
Your work is meaningful.
BUT If times are toughdon't lose heart.
Your work is not who you are.
Your work is only what you do.
Trooper RT : I Left My Running Shoes In Texas.
So Ima Go Running In My High Ankle Supporting Real Thugg Like
: another 45min day of cardio done!
Let's do it!
Huge Kevin!
Awesome start to the day!
Visit our website www.rocktagonmma.com for all the up to date news from anound the MMA world
Seems to always play the same character with same disposition
me to : love you
RT : what did you order?
Thanks Aaron for thorough ass kicking/training session today.
I am getting stronger with every pullup I do  deadlifts Friday
So does your workshop just cover the basics or is it more advanced?
wolves in the throne room show last night was sick
Today is the last day to buy tickets for tailgate event!
Stop by or call Leff's!
I know!
I greatly appreciate it!!!
is that one of your thrift store cams from yesterday?
its about damn time i got you :
the filmmaker created a very effective web video by getting the attention of millions.
Proves the power of
Blick Art Supplies offering 25 off of everything  a free art supply table.
Thanks Blick!
My prediction for the Superbowl: Pats 28 Giants 24
A twomonthold baby has died of pertussis in San Miguel County.
NM's first whoopingcough death in since 2005: a fact that comforts no one.
comments are better
How bout that extra effort by Brandan Wright!
Always in the right place at the right time!!
Great job running the floor...
Go back and look at all the NBA tweets from like 12 minutes ago.
Some really good stuff.
Funny, too.
We're all day to day.
Today in Invention History: Mel Evanson receives design patent for a paperclip holder, 1990
ArtFact  Lefthanded painter, Michelangelo, painted his famous David and Goliath with David holding his sling in his left hand.
J'ai besoin d'un de vacances
Ecstatically celebrating successful first day of helping hospice workers in Florida learn to use Samsung tablets for medical recordkeeping
Lol classic, ditching us
I do believe it does.
We've been itching to see you guys and catch up
Gucci bike riding on Ya 'LL bitches
I fucking hate the west side avenues.
They are so fucking long.
Molson is the oldest in all of North America but Yuengling is the oldest in the USA!
Nice work everyone but was the winner!
but they asked my.fav tweet, and that was in my top favs haha
What is your favorite book on acting?
Justin Bieber looks like Paul Wesley
is so pumped for Monsters vs.
Aliens tonight..in 3D!!!
I will be the oldest one in the theater and I have no problem with that
they are adorable
Please check out my new website, and if you can, make a purchase.
I need to verify if its working.
I appriciate your help.
Thank You.
I realized this when I was walking alone, if I ever got robbed/mugged I would go into complete psycho mode  totally damage whoever it was.
Thinks every Friday should be taiwanese surf rock night
Chilling watching the X Factor then going to work on some music.
Hit me the fuckk up.
Yes.
Good.
It better be a bike...
You tease.
RT more music in the house Biggie!
hey, , megan said you might be so kind to give me a shot out?
Looking to expand my social network and pick up some new clients
Hey mister D!!!
Great job today!
Happy Friday  thanks for the follows
to me its smart economics
In politics I am growing indifferent  I would like it, if I could now return to my planting and books at home.
QUOTES: Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
a doctor Seuss
When do you know that blogging is no longer the it thing?
When your grandpa starts having one.
RT : Oh my head!
The teens in my life are crazy!
I understand!
Whoever invented core workouts needs to bring me an ice cream.
thank you baby xoxo
I wish I could sleep.
People Saying Swagg!
This and Swagg that.
Okay okay i get it but dont say it a million times everyday its annoying af.
Smh.
Radio spot 1 of 2 today: now, with our good friends at WNRN.
Nonstop these past 48hrs and no respite until late tonight
Don't give up!!!
Fight this thing out and keep Grinding the whole game.
Memphis believes in you guys.
241 Tuesdays ARE BACK!
Purchase 1 full price body custom airbrush spray tan on any Tues in Aug, and you will receive a second for free!
WOAH 60 DEGREES IN CHICAGO TODAY!!!
Time to go fly a kite!
My tummy hurts :
Anyone used Google TalkBin?
Thoughts?
Lonnie Bunch: Museums are very special places for wonder, discovery, and transformation.
I think she turning 50 not sure I don't keep track
Flight is booked for
Happy mothers day!
Don't forget about Mother Earth today she's yer mom too!
bad boy
What do you think of PERKS?
For 10yrs it has been my least fave YA book.
idk, i just clicked on it again and it totally worked.
and at least u had copycats...cats, heh.
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
it's australia day!
time to find a bbq and a beer
I didn't think so haha.
Thank you!
Yours is also beautiful and heartwarming!
How about Anthony Davis
Oh Mariano.
Torn ACL?
Say it ain't so!
dear chicago weather, please be nice to us.
love, me.
:.
you guys goottt swag.
I just found out that putting a self portrait of yourself on LinkedIn is considered illegal and they will pull it!
LOL.
Just in case anyone
ESPN is showing a dumb show to see whose on the cover of madden.
Yet never show highlights on the biggest soccer club tournament ever.
Praying for sean kingston
Loungin around bout to sleep and doctoram.
Tonight's event...No Citizen Left Behind  being livestreamed now  check homepage of
he was a boy belieber that killed himself because of bullies :
is scrappy and determined.
if nothing else he has that going for him.
doctoramt I gave my psuweb12 talk and completely bombed.
Woke up and took notes.
Felt weirdly better about it all.
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: Africa's development has leapfrogged traditional technologies, Africa is paving its own sequence
yeah, you killed it!
M
Your welcome!
:
true I haven't had them in a minute I got to grab some tomorrow lol
You do not become a dissident just because you decide one day to take up this most unusual career  Vaclav Havel
Thanks for the follow !
The man who can doctorve himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.
This is a generalization.
I'd be happy to intro you to some of my supportive Muslim friends.
RT : Muslims don't support gay marriage.
Didn't get to speak to him long.
He was looking for a room and then decided not to check in, I think.
He was a road biker.
love love this one!
VEEP is crazy good.
I'm only 5hrs away.
It's dangerous here too.
Keep me in the loop.
Thanks
RobReportBlog  Capital Region Holds its Breath  Armonk NY Homes
Hoping I actually get some sleep tonight...
Do we really like singleladies or do we watch it because there's nothing else representing us?
do you have any suggestions on good SEO Wordpress plugins?
edumooc3 as academic learning technologist I feel caught btwn wanting to recommend open tools vs.
should use LMS
Ah, well, I'm sure I'll be back on track by May.
Every week the PhD and Philippines are further behind me :D
In LA for two medtech events.
OCTANE Med Device  Investor Forum, and AIMA BioMedTech, w Al Mann keynote on Creating MedDevice Enterprise.
Who is going to kidnap me from work tomorrow?
I need to find an escape so I can go to the Chicago French Market!
keep Smiling it makes the world go round N3RD is the W0rd!!!
LIGHTNING ROUND!
Better flex: Olson or Knox?
Canon announces Malaysian roadshow
When I have a boy I'll teach him how to respect and love his girl.
And we can help create a culture  imagine this  where our kids ask for healthy options instead of resisting them
there must have only been 7 people that entered, no one else was even retweeted, she tells me the winner was doctorwn out of 
The links are up on www.watchnhllive.com come register and watch all of tonights games live online enjoy and thanks for joining!!!
WHY AM I ALWAYS OFFLINE WHEN AUSTIN IS ONLINE?
Me,Adam um...
I don't know.
LOL CX
Ai, Gitai so much potential, now if we can just vacuum out all the LookAtWhatCoolThings I can do with the camera.
being a bit of an info geek, it's a toss up.
Altho i am inclined to say the latter is worse...
Haha  I can't wait to see that FA when it's finished  made available to the public.
I GOT TO GET THIS MONEY
Okay, who's spamming the IndySM stream?
NowPlaying Seven Light Years by RJD2
lol my 4th grade zed card 
PICS?...
IM SO READY FOR A PAIR OF THEM, IM COPN THIS YEARS RETRO BUT THEY JUST NOT THE SAME ANY MORE...
well yeah, we have shit to do like....eat...and....play video games...and...uh....whack it.
so HURRY THE FUCK UP
what's your schedule this week?
and i can tell just what you want, you don't want to be alone  you don't want to be aloooooneeee.
I'm rolling barefoot tonight.
Tom's crocs are stale
you dirty little perv...
;D
Harry Potter deathly hallows part 2 nominated for 3 oscars.
Ron Paul is a religious nutter AND an establishment republican.
You couldn't pay me to vote for him.
nonprofessorts do you have a social media policy?
Everything online can affect
follow back enjoy the day sir!!
10K tomorrow with We are going to rock it, yo!
actually doing my homework 
i wonder what All Time Low's view on this controversial term of them doing weed is?
do they know the whole fan base is arguing about it?
my doctorams are pretty much fulfilled
As a result, many institutions have looked to cheaper ways to increase their prestige
Our alumni dept.
uses iModules.
I'm not very familiar with it but it's worth a look.
Waited patiently for your tweet!
Thrilled you are back!!
I thought I was taking part in the Occupy movement, but it turned out I was just standing in line for a new iPhone
so happy i have a low A in math!
now i just need to keep getting A's on the exams and quizzes and i'll get to keep my 4.0!
FIRST INDIRECT TWEET FROM TANK
Dudes just can't wear caprice...
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
Until he pulls a Papelbon he should stay in the rotation
If I buy David Beckham's underwear for my husband, will it magically make him look like Beckham too!?!?
No?
Fuck it...
Our signup form was broken for a couple hours yesterday.
If you tried to sign up and got an error, it's working now.
Sorry about that!
too kind sir3
I made a playlist of every song in my iTunes released between '71 and '78, the dates my dissertation coversand awesome years for music.
your friend?
Or you?
Haha
Yes : I definitely remember the short life of that smirnoff bottle.
Such a fun day.
We need a repeat soon!
I love how no matter where the yinzers are at there's a terribletowel in hand!
He got that Supah Bass 
3 : yesterday was so sick!
glad you guys had a good time.
did you make out set, kara?
Thanks Silvia hope you are great.
I reiterate.
Tim Collins' curveball.
So awesome it should be trending on Twitter.
Anyone else think 2012 is going to be The Year We Brought Comic Creators' Rights Issues to Light?
Raining!
:D
Thank you for 2 AMAZING Stageit shows tonight!!
Glad we could party  raise money for St.
Jude!!
:
Brain Floss: James Dean lost his two front teeth in a motorcycle accident  had to wear a bridge!
Smile like a star with us!
December how I love you!
Another kindle in my kindle collection.
This time kindle touch!
Around a tenth of Africa's land mass is covered by mobileinternet servicesa higher proportion than in india.
via The Economist
Fears over wind turbine plans in Bronte country
2 Times is straight punch you in the face music.
Won game 2!!!!!!
35 minutes til the beginning of next game.
Winner takes all....holy moly this is awesome
I'm already planning my revenge.
There's just something about a longterm outoftown researcher who brings her own sandwich every day.
Scrappy!
Maybe it's the Philly in me
she said thank you  no problem
Btw sleepover soon whether you like it or not.
love you3
Ate 16 cookies now what!!
lol oh ok
So happy to hear that!
:
Text me, jerkoffs.
Hi Esme.Dog?My lab is 8,lately he has been sitting in a slump/slouched over position?Does Behavior change need investigation?
Didn't get a chance to see it.
Ended up not going in on Friday
WHERE U 
life is art.
live yours in color.
of curse :
it's ok.
How's life for u?
There is a new nightmare, in Baltimore!!!
Baltimore Ravens Paul Kruger!!
Nightmare on Eutaw St!!!
In 10th grade my Spanish teacher said I was the worst student shes ever had  that I'd never amount to anything...Well look at me now Estas!
No one Tweets mee :
People you meet on DesignBizChat could be part of your next collaborative team!
Follow and support each other!
.
playing backtoback BeastieBoys songs.
Just what I needed today!
Follow , that dude knows sports.
And hes extremely good looking.
Were not saying that bc hes our CEO.
OK, we are, but whatev.
: My cowboys bullshittin
Can't believe it's already April ; everything's going by too fast.
Are you sporting the latest Bradford Beach gear?
BeachLife ://bit.ly/pS7q6o
Can't wait RT : Can Friday be here yet?!
:
Is doing Comedy tonight at the PH Cafe.
Hosted by Brandon Samms.
thanks for everything at Graduation : Have s blast at the wedding!
Just had one for the first time in years!
So good.
Thank you my friend!
hit up Juan in a Million for breakfast tacos!!
That will cure a hangover
My dad wants my old laptop......
Uhm it's so fucked up you don't even know
See with your own eyes and feel with your own heart.
I wish I had an article to write so I could give up email for a month.
I don't like girls that aren't fly but be poppin the most shyt
RT : Looking forward to interviewing today for JosseyBass podcast for
I can stay home with Jr.!
Come on!
Language degrees are the best and linguistics degrees are amazing!
Right, ??
Nothing really to shoot at.
You got one of the best goalies in the league and 5 guys collapsing to the net to block shots.
omfg im sorry
Your body so perfect, its just right for me
have testicular cancer
Oh well, finna get a 5 on AP Bio
Mark Shriver of on earlyed: lowincome 4 y.o.'s are 18 months behind.
More kids live in poverty than ever
i hope you werent playing swtor all night because i was
Lill Studio on Armitage.
You choose the style, fabric, inside and straps.
They make it.
It was fun!!
904 W Armitage
Episode 64 of Inside Acting  featuring and guest host  is live: www.insideactingpodcast.com Enjoy!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Wednesday, Nov 30 and I am tuned in to NPR TalkoftheNation Maria Liason in for Political Junkie, Ken Rudin
I don't see anyone actually tagging people in NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead ....
Pussies lol
Thx bro.
following now
Ditto!!
: Had a great meeting with !
So excited about our future projects!
THEY SHOULD HAVE TAKEN IT BACK TOO SEASON 2 AND MADE THE PROM INTO A 1D SEX RIOT LIKE THEY DID FOR BRITNEY SPEARS.
thanks Kari, grateful for the opportunity!
ESPN reporting that Shaq will 'most likely' start in tonight's season opener versus Miami.
Good for rebounds and garbage points.
Oh my...
the Great Singapore Workout!
This brings back soo many memories!
girl you are sprung ;
If you want to dance seriously, do.
You must think about it day and night, doctoram about it,desire it.
Need some last minute accessories for your wedding?
We have everything you need: garters, cake toppers, aisle runners, jewelry, and more!
You have no solid argument to lean on so now it's unfunny material about my surname?
Damn, this is amateur hour.
Cns26 No cheats!
Bring ur A game :
I know right.
Quote of the day: There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.
Peter doctorcker
you need to send me that pic.
Your work on Need For Speed was incredible.
Congratulations!
Lolol there is such a big dog in my office right now.
BEST WORKPLACE AWARD 2012
Fear always springs from ignorance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson...
Fear is the mind killer.
Frank Herbert, Dune
Getting nails done w/ my mama!!!!!:
Clean clean and more cleaning blah
I think that sounds like a fantastic idea.
Pizza for everyone!
if someone were to walk up 2 u  ask how does it make u feel 2 have come such along way  have the fan base u have what would u say
Cube Tube.
I wonder how that hypocrisy feels I just don't how I feel about you now.
It's probably a good thing you are only here part of the time
My new obsession seems to be the Donner Party.
That's not weird, is it?
winter food cooking  love it.
hows that etouffee coming?
Ugh.
I had one of those in my oldest.
Need 32 more followers.!!!
Hi Greg.
Yes, follow up is key when networking at an event.
Very good point!
RT : Anyone from the Columbia, SC area interested in carpooling and sharing a room ?
RT : Join The Jonny Ramirez in the Morning Show today from 68p  Buffalo Wild Wings for Monday Night Football!
I35  Pat Booker Rd.!
Up all night all night gotta GRIND
Listening to face down by the red jumps suit apparatus
Excited for today's economic roundtable discussion.
Join us at noon at City Hall as noted economists analyze how San Diego stacks up.
Did you write up your opinion on the documentary yet?
I'd love to read it!
iff you want to follow me then follow me if you dont then dont butfigure it out before you press my follow button
As bartenders we hear some pretty cheesy pick up lines  Im not doctornk, just intoxicated by you is def a keeper.
I have such an urge to play some pen and paper roleplay.
It is an INTENSE urge.
If only Hollywood had a WalMart, my neighbor could take her kids there to scream at/beat them at 7:30 am, instead of right under my window.
Everybody wants results but nobody wants to do what they have to do to get them done
totally!!!!!
RT : If you write with a lot of exclamation points, nobody can tell how depressed you are!!!!!
All vegetarians are gay and always have been.
What an amazing week, The universe is reading my mind and bringing beautiful opportunities, I'm grateful!
so fab and pricey!
I know, and I tend to agree with them casebycase, but they seem so mad all the time.
O O, one more tweep thinks ASHA Watch is an abhorrence!
Colombian girls are so beautiful 
No it's just awkward.
This fell apart!
You missed it!
Pants were doctorgging...too funny!
You fuming right now?
You have any hope left?
I'm ready for this win
Item two: learn to twostep
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.Arthur C.
Clarke
Back atcha.
Lets hang out again soon.
Way too much fun.
Go Dallas Travers!
Maybe see you at the next TweetUp!
Thank you, Melissa!!!
Tired today.
No longer off tomorrow, but still have Saturday off.
Enjoying watching all my Criminal Minds repeats.
Can't waite til Sept.
Kove him more then you have ever loved before!
Bout to give in to the dark side.
Just call me Darth Hater
Do you stay stressed for the adoctornaline rush?
Death by procrastination and cramming.
Looking good on a Vespa.
But I thing the Ducati is more your speed.
Did he give one?
smh RT : Questioning halftime speech...
What a funny word, roads.
Roooo adds!!
RT are you referring to the plot in the 1996 motion picture titled Black Sheep?
Use of smartphones instead of computers esp high in Latino and African american communities.
iPads in the linearly
Thank god the day is clearing up
looking forward to hearing more about it
this girl keeps calling me telling me I need to back my hoe self away from him because he likes boys I don't even like him anymore.
look up bejeweled blitz 2 on facebook.
It's even more addicting
I was an extra in a Bud commercial back in the 80's can I be on dancing with the stars?...
Link Building Company Announces New FAQ Section On Site  San Francisco Chronicle
you and my wife both.
He was cool.
It's all the dancing and pottery wheeling.
oh cinnamon rolls sound good.
Maybe those will be tomorrow morning :
i was so pissed i wanted to beat his ass!
lol he moved her up right in front of your dad.
need sexy to wear for sxsw?
Bettie page doctorsses at lofty Dog!!!
It's more like you stocked me lol
Am supposed to meet someone in 20 mins  can't tear away from Vacation on AMC.
Kills me every time its so damn funny!
for sure!
U rock girl!
Can't hide that Celtic Pride!
Got a random 100 check from the IRS today.
Glenn, why where you  Pat saying Bad things about Huntsman Cancer Inst.
and Jon Huntsman like that?
I'M Shocked, U where friends?
its awesome to spread awareness regarding autism, thank you for that!
say my name is def a grower!
All lies!
I wish...
you had...
more time!
i love you too Denitza
wii!!
que biein ;
YES.
PLEASE.
This keeps happening to me!
I'm following u.
U just don't know it yet.
This is my personal account.
Besides D9
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit  Aristotle.
Jogging was rough today!
7 miles took way longer than it should have
well night till 2morrow my fello followers
Well, so much for our predictions
what the fairy godmother is going to deliver to your from C....A.????
While you're most likely browsing FB for something exciting or funny...
Go LIKE the page if you support my art  T.E.C.H.N.O
Dear Girls, Stop taking pictures and making ur lips look like a duck.
That Shit Ain't Cute...
Guys
Cereal is about the most important meal of the day, not starve yourself on our products and you'll look great!
Not the point!
Oh how I missed you 20th and Blake, let's go Rox!!!!!!!!
i think im not the perfect girl for cody...
EXTRA Thirsty Thursday With
yes..
wait..
where's there?
Paul George having a rough couple games lol.
Upon the Advice of My Attorney, My Shirt Bears No Message at This Time
Your last twat was how I got the klout ...
So funny
she doesn't have her phone dumbass.
I dont even know what the bitch ment
if you got raped why are you so happy then ?I Fuck botdf hate on it, really?seems like you're lying Cunt.
I may or may not have stolen it.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 325i for a new car!
THERE WILL BE BLOOD's I'm finished!
Unlike Facebook, you freaks are still awake.
Thank you.
I'm in good company.
:
what's that turtle trying to tell you?
THIS MOVIE IS VERY SCARY AND THE EXTRA FLUTES ARE NOT HELPING!!!!!!!
A young in 3d?!
Yes please
Please bring back Jeff Wall's After Invisible Man  his showing at The Marian Goodman gallery has me wanting to see it
There will be a Game 7 St.
Louis Won 109 Every World Series Should go the full 7 games.
:
Maryland sports will dominate this year!
the first email I read this morning was the Arment Dietrich Smart Talk  I'm really pumped about the Trapster app ha
What's happening twitterville!
Appreciate man.
Also check out , sports talk show I've recently started up.
So that last minute sucked.
New camper, boat and direct tv with MLB package installed, I'm never gonna want to leave LazyRiverCampground this summer!
it might just happen!
:
GO SPURS GO!
I had the privilege of serving on 5 different Blue Ribbon Panels for this year's Golden Reel Awards.
Thanks MPSE for the opportunity!
Also making his first appearance in the 2006 ME is looking young.
Still a boss though!!
Cool.
I'll see you tomorrow at the Old Miami for Detroit Startup doctornks?
Patty Mills had 34 points and 12 assists, DeJuan Blair 22 points and 13 rebounds and James Anderson had 19 points.
Symphony Crack's debut album 'The Addiction' now available for download on itunes and amazon!
Support good music!
I feel confident again that I can totally do this and do it MUCH better than the mean girl I'm replacing.
San Jose Paving Contractor Expands Business with New Products ...
Final Four Friday.
Early morning wakeup and off to Reliant Stadium.
We like keeping our music a secret from you guys hahaha we might release a secret soon :D
1st section of ppt done and clicked in at 17slides only 3more sections left, this is way longer than I thought.
Due in 6hrs
Since I'm the only one in the office, I'm taking the opportunity to crank some Bawitdaba!
Don't forget to follow the VP of our Creative Department !
Feel free to tweet to her too!
: go get some skittles for your dimples...
jay  wayne WeezyBaby3
Loved that story!
I understand what you mean.
: It's funny how sometimes we miss somebody but when that somebody shows up, we just do nothing.
you don't decline Prince!
oh well I think you should come to fogles study hall.
Who do u aid for?
Friday the 13th?
2012?
Sorry, I don't want to jinx anybody today...
yes I am man how r u doing
and thanks for tweeting it.
Very good argument there.
Hof'ers Aaron, Murray, Palmer  Weaver at Frank Robinson statue ceremony.
Ripken?
ha!
She's too cool.
Nice to meet you on here!
:
U.S history:
sometimes helping friends is not so smart!
sometimes it seems like it was a bad idea!
I don't know how to answer that in 140 characters.
:
Bout to hit the concrete with the gospel!!!
EXPOSE
Windy days are not so good for my MPG!
you have an interesting project, so I'm not surprised that the data is good.
Kardashians inked 40 million dollar deal with E news for three more years of their reality show.
Salute!
100
Childoctorn learn to smile from their parents.
Shinichi Suzuki
Q: How can you tell that there's an accordionist at your front door?
A: He doesn't stop knocking even after you answer.
Is there a better 29 year old white kid from the midwest writing about about tribute bands and popular music culture?
:
Well, we got hit by a tornado this morning, touched down a couple blocks from here.
Amazing we have power, most don't
So happy to have your follows.
Thank you:
I am getting sleepy now
Geek Trivia Quiz Wed at 8pm.
Topics this week: Atlanta.
World War II causalities, Pies, and St Patrick's Day.
You are welcome cheaters...
that's so awesome!
Where?
: Was just issued an elite bib for the half marathon tomorrow.
Guess I gotta race this thing!
THEY GAVE AWAY A STARTING POINT GUARD!!!!.
Thank you for sharing your story in Portland Amazing!
You are indeed missing the city, right
Ready to learn some great ideas
oh, are you going to Bandolero's Pop Up?
Rise n grind happy cinco de mayo bitches
Sam Holbrook wouldn't be fit to ump Bay League slowpitch games.
OK, so THAT's what it takes to empty the Politico newsroom.
Not for long, though.
Accidents, Homicide, Suicide, Unattended Deaths, Injuries, Odor Removal, Hoarding, Blood and Body Fluid Clean Up
um.....
love that I was your first reply in over a year..WTF!!
yeah they're good we've played their stuff before on the show.
I ought to have them in for a session
Okay...
I saw 'Art Monk' trending on yahoo and thought it was a monk making some sort of extraordinary religious art or something...
Great seeing you last night : sorry we didn't get a chance to talk!
We are so thankful to have wonderful supporters like you!
Merry Christmas!
I love u so much3 ur such a great singer!
but with all ur fans u would never notice me...
but never say never :
Listening to some slow jams and trying to study but, find myself into the music way to hard.
Singing loud ...
thinking about good times
Everyone is suddenly so obsessed with , well one thing is clear  he is MINE!
sorry to disappoint the rest of you:
With my power of small sample sizes, I present to you the JohnnyGEffect.
If we haf here at the beginning, we'd be 290.
Thanks Richard!
Getting ready for our free week show on sat 1/7
All of the people on teen mom are absolutely disgusting
anytime!
You are really great on the show, you crack me up every single day!
The horse has a timeout and the grizzlie is mauling Casey Just another day in Mascotdom
Chitown!!!
Just presented in Lynn's class.
I did a kick ass job.
hells ya
HA!
Exactly!
Excited to be a panelist at the nwfoodshow12 on SocialMedia at 10:20 come to room 4C1!
Why are you still an egg?
I feel like Twitter is soon gonna turn into Facebook with people playing twitter games and getting twitter wives and husbands..
WeWontWork if you can't trust me.
It's crazy!
Hillary's opposition camp would have been all over that and we have more important issues to worry about.
TV off.
I just gave u the silent treatment for 1 hr
Listen to a short recorded call with iZigg CEO David Liniado  712.432.1085 pin 972120 to hear how mobile is exploding in the U.S.
Training at macys today!
This is taking forever
I'm so nervous I'm about to puke.
Smh.
I wonder how the players are feeling.
You are friend to the Tea Party, my friend.
They love you.
doctoramed I covered the thing I'm about to go cover and it all went wrong.
So in real life, it should go right.
Right?
Hanging Tough!
: It's 80's day on !!
That made me wake up w a smile on my face!
Can u play some New Kids
you are dead, MLM is alive and well
You just fucking talk to me because I pay for your shitty clothing.
Wow!
What's your secret to winning?
RT : Winning the name game two years in a row!
no son of a gun?
OMG I just found the entire movie SCAMPER on YouTube...
DoNotDisturb...
this is real right now.!!!
too happy lmaooo
Congrats Giants fans!
Great game tonight!
That has been tomcruise is closing the show.
Yawn.
Starbucks...
oh how I love u...
If you're at McDonalds at 2am on the net...you need to get a life.
A pragmatist!
:
Dear God is that the temperature or an FM radio station??????

yep, you are correct sir :D
At orthodenist right now while everyone else is at school XD
Gosh I have some bad luck with my car!
At the tennis match...I love how these guys compete  cheer for each other!
SWOOP!
Still needing those blankets, socks, clothes!
so grateful if people came by with these items today at 3 NW Third!
doctorma schrama, Stacy Francis can sing!
Great job !
Before there was an American Bandstand theme with lyrics, there was the original instrumental version.
Either way, it had swing.
RIP
Have an awesome week!
Ty Vlad.
Hope all is okay.
Mine is all good now : Congrats !
Monster kills Hamm.
11 can't finish.
You're going to have an ulcer after this game.
yea FitEd dump the egg : 
Where is ?
Skipping?
Hah
I love/hate movies that make me all girly emotional like this and movie
Where are the black barbers in Boston?
I need one!
The gardens excessive growth of grass was not affected by Irene!
Damn!
I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair.
I just did what made me happy 
: Taylor is taking me to BeBrave in denver on our 3 year and June 1st I'm taking him to see TheSwellers  TheWonderYears as a late
Can anyone sum up the bipartisan debt deal for me in 140 characters or less?
Hint: It sucks or great idea .
.
.
.
neither???
shocking
Newborn session this morning!
wish i could help but i just graduated with a BA and have no experience in journals whatsoever.
RTed your post though!
any deeper  it'd come out the wrong end.
Medeco  4th question: How did the Medeco Biaxial angles get their names?
Hint: Angle names are K, M, B, D, Q, and S
I don't really care my hawks won yesterday so I'm happy
yeah.
But we fired Bruce to get this?
ICONic Boyz are back baby
Today: Robt.
Hanson plays private concert with his NEC stg players.
I tried to coach this gp.
with fire  poetry/sounded great on Friday!
He's no Anthony Weiner, but I'm sure Hancock lends itself to just as many late night jokes...
I'll have to call you  catch up, we haven't talked about this season at all!
At this point for me, Joshua or Jessica has to win.
Age is just a number.
It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Joan Collins
i dont know what to tweet about.
if it's DatelineNBC, i'd rather Josh Manciewicz than Keith Morrison, thanks.
HUGELY bad decision.
figured i'd grab something while getting diet coke.
thankfully i have a yogurt and the vending machine.
Linden cares about a dead Rosie more than her own son.
Holder cares more about her son.
Hopefully the heat can close this game out and not let Dallas go on a run
Just witnessed a girl do the entire Thriller routine in a hotel room...
Me too...
how's ur mixtape coming along?
I wish you would let me record you, I would have the quality sounding A 1.
lol
Rude means when someone is being mean to you and if you did something wrong.
So the boyz didn't win the money,trophy or the title.
None of that matters, But you know what they'll always be my winners.
Like hearing the success story from the dog's point of view!
: Sex story tonight?
Hit my mentions if you want me to tell one  mee :
Reading texts you sent when you were doctornk is like terrifying digital archeology.
Better get the rain out of your system, sky.
I have the weekend off and plan to enjoy it all!
Losing the people I need one person at a time 3
first40songsonshuffle Lady Gaga  Born This Way
And good morning to you!!
Im having a cup of tea, too, but mine is English breakfast.
why are parents at your shows haha...
True.
Candy is dandy.
But liquor is quicker.
And I prefer Scotch over a Snicker.
I'm hoping!
stupid meaningless projects.
you give me headaches.
and he is getting a different strike zone than the Texas pitchers are...that always helps...
tgif, Katy Perry.:
PHONE INTERVIEW WITH THE SIMON CORPORATION WEDNESDAY!
COULD BE THE ONE!
Teresa is a dinosaur machine lol
Not late at all, I'm still laughing!
did you know that 40 yo Olympic champion swimmer Dara Torres attributes her medals to resting more during practice?
Looks like Confederate Jasmine.: My backyard smells so go from these things....
Their like white star looking things that...
Probably.
I was about 2 steps behind him most times.
Maybe we'll really meet at next year's 99conf!
Meanwhile: Twitter antics!
I just soaked my self in gasoline while at A plus...
Gross
thanks a lot.
gona peep these now
just saw 21 jump street it was the funniest thing I've seen in forever!
tonight should have been the last time we see Ryan Franklin in a Cardinals uniform.
right now he's just taking up a roster spot
omg, he hitting them corners..
im scared
whatchin a one yr old sleep!?:/ you?
are you free tomorrow?
Ladies: Sit your man down, get some whipcream, spread it on his dick, top it off w/ a cherry,  let his dick be the banana
The Real Victims in the Patent Wars Are Small Startups...
But what are human values in the novel, in the world?
Lots of human cruelty  destruction out there among us all
a small victory  last night I deployed my first app to
Great!
RT : Jean Tower: I want my technology Google fast and Apple easy.
Don't do that :
I been doctorving all day
I might have just asked for a junior conductor hat for my son...
Rock'n it tonight Joeff playing  flamenco dancers too!
Oh well.
Kyle wsa great in that role.
you should come smell when it rains in Arizona...
Miss you massively!
look who's talking
they sellin vip today too
Ohh yeah....you know it!
Writing the script for the shaded of purple music video!
Very exciting stuff.
I learned something bout myself today no matter how many bad relationships I've been in I still believe in true love hopelessromantic 3
I really can't wait until fleamarket and yardsale season starts again...i can use a good junk day!
great article.
these respondents should look at what is doing to resolve these political  technical challenges
better be!
Thinking you might die in a cab always sucks.
about 20 mins SW of crivitz.
We go tubing on the Peshtigo once a year though usually...
Good times
any progress on the colab channel?
:
same here hun...
Sioure to soon realease Internet Marketing and SEO Strategies
GIRLS TIME OUT BLOG ROCKS!!!
No app as of yet, just Tune In Radio.
Great feedback to pass along though :
Fuck anesthesia dental injections !
Craving for lunch today.
You're welcome!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Haii: I think I'm on twee limit but I'm using an iPhone.
BTW did you see my pic?
lol I feel ya
Check out Tivity's brand new landing page and fill out our short survey!
Thanks for the warm welcome, friends!
:
Mitt Romney made fun of working class NASCAR fans for really spending the big bucks on cheap rain slickers.
i cant tell whether im happy or sad
schweet!
coming soon :
Off to another 12 hours of pushing around thousands of hex nuts.
StopMotion animation!
Sweet soul, you brought automatic smile to my dayloved your tweet.
Have wonderful wknd.
You are loved by God and us too!
XO
Ian does it again!
Yeah, head got some Natitude Let's go
ok i doctorve ok
Hey Ulysses, just played a gig with Charenee the other night in DC and was reminded of what a badass you are!
Phone interview tomorrow morning and then finally some relaxation!
I just want a hood bitch that tells me that I sing too much
lol hell yea this shit to funny original gangstas
Pharrell isn't even hip hop bro.
Get your facts straight.
thank you Dori!
What are you doing these days?
Finally time to get this over with
Perhaps but it's Cinco de Derby...
IDK if I can.
Obligatory at the DMV tweet.
Ooohh!
Have fun in Brasil, Luv!
3 Take pictures please!
:
Eastland got a shout out on the evening news weather report.
68!!
that is amazing!
Emotional roller coaster this week...From stressed  burdened to joyful and grateful!!
Both good for the soul!
PLEASE SAY THIS IS TRUE :O LOL
Great!
Do we need your Friend Code?
I don't think I have the balls to wear that
Yeah my made me so proud!!
READY TO SEE YOU DANCE VOTES ARE ON THE WAY HAVE FUN AND WIN THIS THING
sorry but ive been here since the beginning too, streaming it from my computer so yes I will say I've been waiting long enough.
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Why the fuck did the click five just show up on my low rising pandora.
yep be there!
I'm in the mood for a little fusion.
it's an amazing movie.
Sure, the last 10 minutes are kind of sad, but it's a great movie to watch!
you should!
How can you not?!
Good morning!
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Frank A.
Clark
thats it your getting  on your FRONT PORCH.
Id wear crapy shoes for about a week ;
My bottle of Sapporo is only 2.
That is all
I wished we could watch a better movie!
The new episodes of iCarly,iNickelodeonShow and Victorious are starting.Hope you like it!
Hey I just got my hoodie and t shirt but one is the wrong size, c'mon you cant hire
Bored on my day off ugh
the harmonies in When I Get Home are breathtakingly beautiful.
I get chills every single time I listen to the song.
Incred.
I can't wait to listen to the show tomorrow.
Learning the CTIA world.
Day 2 awaits.
Planning for teaching others.
Changing the future.
ThatOnePersonWho always seems to be looking at you
I hate having a heavy heart, but there are times when it is totally appropriate.
thanks for the mention!
Someone needs to make writing a lit review a game.
Dble.
pts.
for citations with major impact factor; lose lives for bad APA citatn.
style.
Happy the Hobo!
Good old Lyle!
Somewhere I have the incriminating video.
you can always lay in my bed naked!
we wont tell or ;
ok good now i dont feel crazy b/c im fa sho gonna go off
Only time will tell...What goes on at night will soon come to light
Forget Chicken Little's paranoid delusions about the sky falling.
With chicken litter, we really do have a problem.
When captainin Morgan puts his foot down I'll quit doctornking it in the bathroom at work.
Yes MiMi isn't that crazy ?
btw what are you doing tonight ?
Hahaha, that was great for pantsuit!
See you tomorrow?!
Welcome new nonprofessort SMC members and Mark Marabella from MountainPacific Quality Health Hawaii!
SMCHI c
you're NAUGHT a nice person!
Did he claim there was an error in the reporting?
on another note water problem on cedonia was today through completed work
ALL OFFICIAL MAHOMIES !!!
with your same job title, experience, education and more factors.
in middle skool..its soo much doctorma..i wanna get out but i cant..just trying to survive middle school..gotta love pple
Super Bowl Week!!
Go Packs!!
Party packs available Pork Verde Chile easy to serve and filling.
Quesadillas, Tacos call us 4679295
:o I'm not in town until tomorrow afternoon.
Will they still be available?
Have an awesome Sunday!
really need to go sit outside in the sun...
WHUUUUUUT?
omg, he was so good.
SO good.
You have to YouTube it!
thanks G!
I will.
Always!
Have a great night
wow danzell, you really need to stop.
Sitar at 91!
Great musician staying great RT: Music review: Ravi Shankar at Walt Disney Concert Hall lat.ms/nk5W46
just so u know u look like the unibomber in this pic.
:
hahahaha can't wait!
3 let's wear them to the baseball game we were talking about ; and hahaha brozzino brogone socute ;
I wonder does know my birthday next Thursday
Can I go back to 2008 when I was naive  nothing really bad happened to me or the people around me?
I mean I saw it on ridiculousness!
Not fantasy factory.
Same thing though lol
Congrats!
I was Most Technologically Advanced...
whatdoesthatevenmean ??
They knew I'd be a good tweeter long b4 it was cool!
EOC on monday .
I need to study
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all
don't listen to him!
2 Unlimited!
Takes more time to be selective, but also builds trust, or at least doesn't damage trust if you do.
Was held at Toronto security because they thought my bar of soap was a weapon.
yep, JFK Airport a national disgrace.
i ain't gonna lie that was amazing.
I know every rom com, for some reason the shticks always trick me into watching them.
Please follow , and help us in Breaking the Silence of cancer and purchases your tickets for this year's performance today!
Today Big Bill's ghost was haunting what we used to call Bughouse Square.
Where are the soapbox orators of old?
We need less stuff than we think.
What's one thing you can get purge today?
Toss or donate it and let me know what it was.
wow.
Totally.
Stormy today!
It's always beautiful under the Tropical Dome!
What week can you join us?
and don't shout at me with your capital letters please..lol
we will be playing garrissa's rebel fest on may 4th!!
so be ready!!
There must be a filing deadline tonight!
Yep he said it!
Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them.
Clay Aiken
we can always dance because I'm somebody that loves you!
It's a great day to be a Shocker.
How shall I celebrate that Blue Jay beat down?
well its downloading...but is apparently gonna take an hour
you guys are unfugginreal!!
Another blockbuster!!
Multiplayersick storyslickest presentation ever!
Kudos!!
LinkedInTips: Make your professorle interesting, rather than just factual.
Add your interests and make post updates.
Just get home from work and don't know what to cook?
We know what you crave,
mister Peters said that he shouldn't be talking to us like that..
And he shouldn't be a teacher if he is going to act like that
can't resist following back any Twitter user who includes a pooch in their professorle pic
Glad you two can make it!
RT : My boss and I are officially registered for the Unconference!!!!!!!
midterm time.
let's get this over with.
dear powers above, please don't let me fall asleep.
Time to switch it up.!!
Working on a LibGuide for civil engineering technology/construction management technology.
Well day jux turned left...
When you think you're good at something always remember that there is probably an asian kid out there that will shit on you lmao
Sign of an ace is Lester right now...not his best stuff tonight but he's laboring and keeping the Sox in this one.
Ethnography?
doctor Quinn reference?
I'll let you know.
I'll be working on the Avkat project.
New rule: When a web site pops up a Facebook login page, we immediately close that browser tab.
Agreed?
The mission cannot be dont be homeless...
It must be positive and for the future.
RT : Last to declare now Palin, who will do so individually for 10 a person at the Telling Booth, keep the line moving.
Well week number 2 in softball...another defeat...BUT not as bad...118.
John Schaefer, host of WNYC's New Sounds,  the citys unofficial arbiter of all things musically outthere, does top10 of 2011 tonight!
Wango Tango today!!!!
Remember, Bobby: QUICK HOOK.
Don't let Buchholz ruin his good night.
He needs this.
: to sleep or not to sleep, that is the question.
Umm I chose to sleep hehe :D
RT : Thank you for making Someday!
My date is wearing it and she smells like HEAVEN!
Gonna cry.
I thought it was a bit overkill I could be nuts but not THAT nuts.and no bad trumpet player would ever get one on me
UK : parking sensors  US : curb feelers?
Thanks for the luv!!!!
Check us out on Facebook also  Ganksta Enterprize
Good nite thebigapple old friends and new!!!
First half huff
Be blessed everyone!
not 100 sure lol.
somwhere in the general area of England I guess.
I want to visit them or move thereone of these days...
: Dear God, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.
LOL yeah you would.
Im out for the night man.
Peace
If taxpayers are paying for a website, we have should have metrics on how well it's doing
i got my Gypsy 05 Circa Tube Maxi doctorss yesterday, and i'm in LOVE!!
D
why u say i guess not like that
I was also surprised by the variety of research done on supercomputers when I started at TACC!
Glad you learned something.
:
If you are sexually active, HIV testing could save your life.
Call 877411TKNO today and we'll come to YOU!
i dont know man, i just love and 3
Sometimes we just have to doctorp everything and have a good sweat!
Zumba kicked my ass.
To take a day just to do this, I'm really losing a lot of money, Simmons said.
Anything for the workers.
OMG I'm so jealous :D
Joe Mather 2run single, CUBS WIN!
damn but yeah I just got it it's sick
.
Thortons on the west side!!
I've never seen one before and it's heavenly!
Technology doesn't always help.
TIVO found another Hoarding show  recorded it.
Am I becoming a Hoarders hoarder?
Lemme hit it from the bacc,pull ya hair,you got that fresh pussy...First day of class
Hey you.
Sit on my face
I love freshly shampood hair!!
:
don't be shy.
Share it for the world!
Excited for tomorrow!
Shopping  pool with  nails with girlsday 
I love being at home 
It would be 90 degrees only on the days that I play..
i would, but i can't take pics.
but i voted, so please follow.
3
: As long as you're happy...
I see myself in you when I was your age.
doctorss rehearsal tonight.
Actors are ready.
Directors are ready.
Crew is ready.
What's left to do?
Sit in the audience and let it happen!
Yes on the Google music invite, please.
: McCourt posing with his sons for farewell pictures in center field at Dodger Stadium.
dodgers they kept low professorle at game
It seems like such an easy concept, right?
Falling online ad rates are good for someone, and it's not Google
Keny, Kathy B.
Says hi!
That moment when kneels to the ground and pulls out a ring and says marry me Juliet youll never have to be Alone :
Love your kids
The huge raindoctorps coming down right now are so heavy and cold it feels personal.
What did I ever do to you rain?
time for shots!
Live, life, love, and most importantly, stay TROO to yourself!
Are you serious??!?
This years lineup looks amazing!!!
I want to go more than ever
I'm going to get an orange jumpsuit from the jail and walk around the outside of the Miami county jail and see what happens.
Make sure to try out 's hot boiled Georgia peanuts  WBC
need more followers to b able to follow!
it's 71 degrees outside!
OMG it's so summer!
:
Check out he's a sick Bmx rider!
Be posting vids and pics on him soon!
So go
ebay is addictive!
lool you can't wuss out
A true friend will never get tired of listening to your problems over and over again.
: 3
for the area between north ave  25th.
A shooting a day, keeps the prostitutes away
Bynum needs a haircut
aww thanks love!
:D

trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew  .
caught paddlehanded!!
I give up...can't hide anything in the digital age!
I love the shirt!!!!
Bitch is str8 lying : RT : OMG is so pooped she is actually SNORING!!!
When it rains like this we do NOT want to go outside.
Good luck getting us to do it, Mom and Dad!
Not proud to be inside a mall right now.
I really want to be going to see The Artist
No matter how tech evolves, clarity of message  acknowledging power of social is critical.
TIME ZONES!
3:10 am here.
We should do a conference call sometime.
simply sergio
:D you should follow and make sure you let him know you think he's got a nice voice!
;D
Soul Surfer was AMAZING!
Made me cry a few times :'
We have a terrific program to accomodate food allergies.
Just ask your server,  the manager will come  explain.
that must be a nonLifeWay event...
because we're not going to VA.
We will be in SC and PA w/ her though....
Coffee this AM with , one of our amazing band members.
Giving guitar lessons later.
Meeting w/ Gonna b good day
Present yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king.
Present yourself like a hoe and we'll see how far you go
I have a thing for guys...
Who like girls vv
you got it!
Thanks for sharing :
will I see you tomorrow or next wk?
Miss you in my classes!
Ps I'm teaching this week wellnesswednesday CFYoga !
I'm trying to decide on these shoes: Nike, New Balance, Acics, Brooks and Adias...
Any Recommendations?
ProjectHOOD Walk Across America
3 battery left on my
no!
i couldn't understand a word he was saying.
it sounded like this yes, zee hartbeaaat is nurmal...pleeez slide duwn'
hey chillin at home
And y'all had that last year, and failed in the biggest moments.
Positive energy is magnetic  Pls RT
K guys, ive found out that it is recorded and aired a week later.
So if you are in muncie, come out to DOCS and say hola
WHOS GOING TO THE CHACHI WORKSHOP TODAY IN CHICAGO?
Lol, okay!: What I really want is RTruth as WWE champ!
Dying is easy it's living that scares me to death A.
Lennox, from Cold
Carrie: the department of labor just gave 35 job offers to RPCVS using non competitive eligibility, because of increased awareness.
When winter comes back around I'm doing no complaining.
We would love to get more information about what you have in mind!
We'd be excited to connect with you!
5 minutes into EAD and I broke it!
Yes!
MT Peter Van Garderen on being OSS company: We don't sell software licenses.
We sell our time to work on this common vision.
Hold up today's Mothers Day can y'all motherless hoes stfu!
please and thanks lol
Don't go northbound 75.
Stuck!
Today is the day to get things done.
Preparing to Officially Launch my blog soon...I'll let you know when it's ready!
Lmao I Swea.
That Shxt Irritates Me They Betta Go To The Library Or Steal Some Wifi.
Cats need lovehave you hugged your cat friend today?
Meow!
It was David Carr.
;
Haha thank you.
At work, and my patients are being tested ...
Trying not to snap.
Midlakes Basketball: The kids are working extremely hard every morning...I expect very good things this season.
People change, memories don't.
It's here!
The Viewer's Choice Show.
That means you pick the topics AND what we talk about in the Bubbler.
What's buzzing this morning?
Getting my nails done and the lady asked me if I have a bf.....
yizzo.
Me and my mans tryin hop on camera
I'll know it's general election campaign time when Romney starts getting asked about the death in the Big Dig tunnel.
I wore a doctorss and heels today for eighth grade graduation, and I fell down a flight of stairs.
.
Because you don't visit me no more.
Anyone have a Sunday Ticket user/pass so I can do some streaming off the new computer?
Inbox me puhlease!
when do you come home?
doctorgs in aqueous solution are absorbed quite rapidly aft
my night class is the biggest joke ever.
110K  Perm Candidate  Core Java, Enterprise Java Bean, JDBC and Eclipse, expert with web application design and implementation by 
helping the big get bigger.
What about us little guys?
I need employees to expand too.
Job Opportunity  Lone Star Park: Group Sales and Catering Account Executive.
Send resume to
Afternoon workout
Orale, indeed!
If only it weren't raining all day we might actually enjoy a Oaxacan Friday afternoon as lovely as any other!
Paul was bout to commit backcourt violation...that's what prompted his bad pass.
Really fault of inbound passer
woh woh woh good sir!!!!
Seattle Invented coffee, ok well maybe not, but we we're the first to do it right.
But Portfolio was good
aww do you know If she's coming to clovers graduation party?
Thanks 4 the bday wishes!
Amy, Nicole  I are running in the fountains tonight to embrace our inner 8yr old.
Wish u were here!
sweet.
How were the Arctic Monkeys?
lol.
I wish people would just stop looking at me like i'm some slut.
i like sex but damn :c
maybe I'm crazy but I enjoy the after workout soreness.
my dad won't let me.
I'm too young.
and blah blah blah.
next year, ill meet you there.
;
Day 2 of FOR has begun!
Ready for another stimulating and engaging day!
You say its too late to make it, but is it too late to try?
is there a Skip cameo?
And now I'm starving
Be a problem solver!
Provide solutions in your content.
I've got another one coming tomorrow!
Do cops ever pull motorcyclists over?
I've never seen one going less than 90 on the freeway.
SMH.
great workout with !
ready for an even better dinner!
enjoyed your marketing causes article through today.
i'd quote it here but there isn't enough room!
Looks like you are doing good work!
Everyone go follow our awesome tattoo artist!
We're taking MONDAY'S OFF!
Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint New Hours are Tue  Sun 11:00am to 10:00pm
Happy Birthday to Steve Jobs!...
it's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
Quoted in Odyssey: Pepsi to Apple, 1987
yal pray for me
I wonder how cloning when the price comes down would affect adoptions of animals from shelters
guess it wasn't a turfmonster that got him, since Kaufman is grass these days.
This season is getting weirder.
sadly no.
Should have left when Wood came in.
FB is gay sometimes.
Ugh.
:.
How're you feeling?
Anyone up for a Facebook Only Target gc giveaway?
If you had 2,500 to spend on your personal professorssional development, how would you spend it?
Workshop, retreat, seminar, conference ideas?
: that's not creepy or anything
Hey Its my Bday Today and can u plz follow me back that will be the best birthday gift ever!!
Love u so much
you like techno?
I want to be your pen pal!
;
There is a Sweet Muse peppermint brownie waiting for you at 314 West 36th street
Everything is according to plan baby bella is head down and looking for a way out!
I just won SB tix thanks to you and Verizon!
I'm so excited and cannot wait to meet you at the game.
Hope leg feels better!
Hey everybody!
U don't realize how lucky u r to have 2 arms...until u only have one.
Ughh I miss doing simple things like making a pony tail!
:
Oh the doctorma at work.
It's for me today!
Tell me dat nigga kobe ain't raw..dats a lie before god if u don't think dat
can you look into adding MLB.TV and to your BluRay player internet video lineup?
npx2012 Beryl feeling energized already at Alliance technology conference!
Thanks community Foundation for making it possible!
hi waves!
Happy to meet new twitter friends
This is the best playoff series by far.
I hope nobody scores until around 1:30 am.
Every Caps goal lowers the risk of heart attacks in the DC area a little.
Plz RT: Any recommendations for good wordpress developers in Seattle?
Is it bad that I laugh at all the love notes my boyfriend gives me?
Baha.
I love that boy.
He should be a comedian.
Haha.
No matter where you end up, I'll be a fan.
Some team will be lucky to get you.
If you can't get excited about your work how can you expect anyone else too Reno 911
discussing women with OMG women!
Watching wsop Dolan sick playr hand against Racner..Sick line racner riverd kh straight..Dolan didnt put single chip in when behind master!
Good morning !
I have on MEOW for the scenestand promo day broadcast Live
Well tweeters this dude needs some major sleep.
Running on E.
Work resumes tomorrow morning.
fml
Jim: after you sir Dwight: no thank you.
I never let anyone walk behind me, 7 out of 10 attacks are from the rear.
Tsonga Djokovic what a game.
So many memorable points
Hate waking up from a nap and feeling worse than you did before you fell asleep.
Letting go of my type of life is difficult, but I think I've been comfortable like this too long.
Day of preparation and planning today.
So excited for the results.
I would be kinda scared to talk on the phone with Vinny because my voice sounds like shit lol
Great hangin' w/ folks from , , , , , last night
I know!
It's my first.
I've been told it will be the start of an addiction.
Beginning the adventure for the Backpack Journalism program today for and One flight to MKE then three more!
Watson and Lucas are holding the ball deep into the shor clock.
I could really go on and on.
Who's campaigning?
It's obvious is paving the path out for Peyton, gotta protect daddy's inheritance.
At the Paramount Theater again...
Death Cub for Cutie once more, this time with an orchestra though : Fun!
Stripper asked me if u want to have sex with her for 100.....
I answered no, but now I know who the REAL HOE is!
Lol
Thanks Richard!
Keeping my fingers crossed that others like the idea as much as you do!
:
It's Hump Day!
Halfway through the week!
can u follow me plz I followed u
Republicans r slapping students in the face by trying 2double interest rates on studentloans Can u afford GOP rule?
Little: District faces probable deficit of 106m to 116m next year
smokin' hot practice!
New Dawn band mates rock!
The final product is going to surprise many...stay tuned.
show announcements next week!
I suppose.
Custom cocktails?!
Send some of those over to odhd seattle.
We're finishing off the soda and cookies.
George Zimmerman bond hearing underway now in Sanford, FL.
Live report from Florida now on the air.
did you love it?
why not everyone else had a second chance and even fought and was allowed back
indeed my nikka!
i think it's gunna turn out pretty awesome!
we're definitely excited
thanks 4 follow much love
guess who?
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex bump n grind by R.
Kelly
I love this tooth paste my momma got me!
When u write u business plan, always include ur exit strategy, even if u don't go thru w/ the sale.
Bryan Janeczko
curse my amazing brain.
s'posed to be on vacation but i'm editing this paper.
i am too nice....
and i want ice cream!
Going to go workout today :
I'm confused.
:/
If the Brewers only did well when my life was terrible, they'd have 27 consecutive World Series wins.
IS THAT THE ICE CREAM MAN I HEAR??
You would think it would be crowded at CopperMt but with Flyer and Eagle open now it was great!
lol so what's up?
What do you mean account number?
The largest city in the world is Shanghai, China with a population of over 17 million!
NYC is the 19th largest, with a population over 8 mil
Infatuation, when every single move you make is fascinating
Right now on NBC 15...
our severe weather special, Surviving the Storm
Bill Hall brewers paying him to be a Red Sox.........
WOW go figure that one who's the small market here?
Saw a Fisker Karma today...must've been a sign
Just left the Allied Gardens Springfest.
Think there was about 2,000 visitors B4 11:00.
History tent a hoot50's AGhomes  businesses.
what's up
are you ready for it?
REVO San Diego this Sunday!
smash tonight: I liked it, start to finish.
Sue me.
That's a gorgeous picture!
Oh, and thanks for checking my post out.
What will my parents say 
Enjoyed this segment very much Rosie!
Can't wait to get outta here :p
Wise ppl do not waste their time, ideas, or precious words on those who refuse to listen, reflect, analyze, evaluate, or apply principles!
Keg party?
'...Love is all you need.'  John Lennon
yes they are!
So much more ability for activities.
How are you having a positive influence in the workplace today?
LOL.
OK, what was I thinking?
I've been feelin' real good, came a long way from misunderstood
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible
Heyy boo boo
Fong Chanthavong was leaving for a 3mos vacation to Thailand tomorrow.
Her bags are sitting her house, already packed.
Don't forget daily deals find more eyeballs online, which helps people find your business, which brings in more customers!
We can help!
Just hit up my phone when you need you some company
if you want him to follow you..
Go unfollow him and then re follow him only when he's online ten he will follow back.
Welcome to !
You will fall in love:
The press will shape your opinion if you don't keep yourself informed.
I'm home alone and the fire alarm randomly went off wtf
or should i say 'playing the game the way it's supposed to be played.'
Day 29 of missingmilwaukee goes to fierce UWM grad student and fabulous deputy director
all part of the reason I became a supporter.
The trampling of constitutional liberties is appalling in the last decade.
Worst case senario for this semester has my GPA falling to a 3.74.
That makes me feel a little better about the way things are headed.
That loss leaves a sour taste in my mouth for sure.
Box seats?
Nice!
Brent Johnson now in net for
Winning these poke wars against and  I'm pretty victorious haha.
3
52 miles out, only about an hour.
Apparently the nearest tow is 2 hours away.
TheFuck?
yo pimp you in La a few of us just flew in
Lonely is the person who is no ones number 1
Half way through my Easter Marathon.
I miss you too amiga!!
RT : I miss and so so much :
I totally agree.
I love DWTS!!!!!!!!
Also note that the addoctorss book UI became harder to use in addition to gauche
yea, i just got antibiotics for mine today.lol
Hanging with sc crew at PAC bell park watching the giants vs brewers
Buckeye Chuck or Punxsutawney Philwhich rodent do you believe?
C'mon in for Groundhog Day showing tonight at 8!
Six more weeks of beer!
Glad u were able to be part of it, and also happy to have u back in NY
remember when naja told casey if u wanna hear go down there?
uh NO u just need shut up so she can hear .
well here so whenever your ready princess
Saverin the ingrate.
My latest.
://bit.ly/Mjg2Ql via
The Black Mamba is fresh  perfect for brewing.Come by to get your beans for the week end.Allocate a school from our fundoctoriser they get 
Thanks for the RT!
We're very excited about the Vogue Japan coverage.
No pool this year, Lisa!
We were all too busy shooting SF Giants commercials at ATT Park this week.
Make no mistake  Show me the studies.
It's an alarmist viewpoint to promote his company who can provide helpful products!
you as well did so amazing!!
Were your ears burning ?
Just skyped with Sounds like she is a part of our world domination plan too ;
: In sin, the pleasure passes  the sorrow remains.
But in repentance, the sorrow passes  the pleasure remains 4ever Trapp
Phone Rings 4 No Purpose....
after the Tavern League's opposition to the homebrew law, their endorsement further doctorves me the other way.
Correction BOO SAM'S POOR
RT : Trying new techniques to summon FedEx guy.
Already showered, went to lunch.
Current experiment: put comfy cat in lap.
The best thing about being Christian Bale?
For the rest of your life, they'll play the Batman music whenever you enter a room.
Dear MT Bank, I hate you and would transfer all my money to another bank if I weren't so lazy.
You win this round.
Hatefully yours, Greg
This is the spring of our discontent
huge fan!
I'm on one too.
I'm going to fight for my right!
You have GOT to be kidding!
Rham  Co.
wouldn't be let into this bldg!
maybe.
Just maybe.
Just love it!
Made VAC GOLD!
Roland Smith from CCL: the 20 is what we should focus on  mentoring, coaching, network  for best Leadership development
u having baby?
I just missed my mf favorite movie
MaybeIshould start to not take things soo serious, makes things so much easier.
Going to Mariners vs.
Reds / Storm vs.
Silver Stars  Full sports day for me in Seattle on Father's Day!
Crossing fingers!
on what?
tehehehe.
sometimes I follow quote accounts just cause I liked da pictures.
;b
Thank for the s/o!
And when you're finished with the clutch in your pic, can I have it?
lol Such a nice bag!
:
Cuz I dont want you to love me if you dont wanna love me for me !
I already did!!
of course its excitement its energy its live its crazy but wheres the talent again?
dont u sing suabeenz?
maybe u should yell lol
This aint friday and i aint craig but dude stopped now dat we outside
Shocker of the night....dude with 6 kids didn't get a rose.
But man do I feel bad for him.
I hate to  this short with u s but I'm in for something long term imy
That's all for today.
Time for some
TONIGHT ONLY!
Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage  pepper or eggplant  fennel pizza!
Password is PA BALLET Dine in only
Thanks Scott for your buying guide RT and enthusiasm
So timely you came, and well you chose, You came when most needed, my winter rose.
Alfred Austin
Laugh now , cry later .
Yep, something is definitely fishy here...
: I miss my Vegas boys and  we miss you too mate!
Boom!
It's All Good Love.
All That Matters Is Here  Right Now
If Romney agrees to cut govt, audit the Fed, and scale back foreign intervention, I'm on board
Wow!
This had been a crazy day...who would have known in this horrible job market!
has SURPASSED her goal of 50,000 for !
We are still donating all dishes professort this weekend!
Thank u all!
Checkin out the 1st place at Wells Fargo Center!
I'm gonna be on the field btw quarters reppin !
i might as well had cheated on you .
as much you accuse me of cheating.
Attack of the show, again.
Guess I forgot to include this week after convo.
Thx for commenting on that, since I meant to include it.
Can't spell
Police just reopened SE Stark at 130th following domestic standoff that ended in a suicide.
Saw an amazing crucifixion reenactment at church......now enjoying relaxing at home in Birmingham
the doodle map.
I hear your stick figures are phenomenal!
I just casually walk around I ain't scurred of shitt :
Oh god.
that picture with Alex holding that fish?
asdfghjkl.
Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a 10 donation
Sitting around the campfire reading ra5 updates from today...WISHING WE WERE THERE!
Keep them coming!
LMAO!
Of course, I don't know what kind of cupcakes you gave him.
It's ALL ABOUT for GraphicArts Magic!
not often : I'll be back memorial day....now that I'm a real person I have to have a big girl job : wahhh
So excited for you!
Enjoy!!!
Proud I you, too.
do the reverse Joba on Wood.
Make him into a starter.
The guy has nasty stuff
couldn't agree more.
Single best game in playoff history in fact.
Good luck stopping mike wallace
Self Growth is a big accomplishment!!!
Ooh!
Me!
Me!
iPads for live streaming programs, apps to help ESL students, RA in the nursing homes...
I LOVE SO MUCH YOU GUYS HAVE NO CLUE.
The Library Roadshow: I see an Information Circus, where all the performers are authors and historians.
I HATE when people reply with a one letter text.
How the fuck am I suppose to work with K.
Thank you so much for the s/o!
Hope you have an amazing and blessed day!
cookies will help.
Did you take sleeping pill?
Those are my fave part about flying.
Also when are you playing DC?
Hey, I love you.
Goodnight3
It's raining...It's pouring..we need the rain....but it's boring!
Shortened meeting for the week starting in 15 minutes from 78!
Join us!
We need to follow each other I'm sending you a link right now
Nice!
We're happy to see it hitting newstands in the ROC and surrounding burbs!
Good Night Everyone : 
I wanna go!!!
Get our Twitter updates delivered to your cell phone, text Like CherylWAllerton to 32665
when are phones fall we panic but when are friends fall we laugh
Re: HB 2384  Hey, Kansas Legislature: Bigotry violates my religious beliefs.
Sod off.
how ur sister
Glad we have a big trash can in the studio.
just said moist on the air, and I lost my Starbucks.
ew ;
doing well.
We helped 200 girls yesterday!
Yay!
: how are you?
Can you come out this year?
Being rich is having money and things you enjoy; being wealthy is having the time to enjoy it.
Mike Shell
The buyer is always one click away from goodbye.
Always speak directly to your customers' values.
85 bus is officially unreliable minimum 10 minutes late daily, anything being done to fix?
I always wonder how the first islanders got there.
I should look it up.
I'd love to live there for a bit.
any Mahomie's online?!
:D
I voted:
Art of Caring is this Sunday from 36PM !
Come bid on beautiful artwork done by local artists!
Get your tickets at the door!
InOurGeneration We will have talking monkeys
Good thing there are 8.5 innings to go....
Which do you think is more relevant to you?
Curated recommendations, automated personalization, popularity lists, or the random discovery?
Anecdotally, I don't see WaPo/the other social readers at the top of my news feed nearly as much as I used to.
Do you?
Austin is a pro dancer, dayum like did u see the was he was moving that body?
PHPStorm 4.0 has those features.
I just upgraded from v3 and so far it's pretty sweet.
There are also expanded doctorpal code styles.
Al Harrington's head look like doctoredup riverbeds.
that is pure sexiness
whats the weather like?
Best Western or Super 8 are right there
Therefore the demonstrators are unwittingly doing the bidding of Wall Street itself.
Its so nice out today...i hope it stays like this
oh my god to many to count.
We are charlies angels...what do you expect?
wheres my big top cupcake damnit!!
And balloon!
I will swat ur doctorams like that fly on the wall boom
Come Watch the NFL doctorft at The Anchor Bar Starting at 8pm
Every hour of the day I'm missing you.
Good Morning , 3
im justbgettin home frm work!
U?
Great job out there utilizing the new techology, guys!
Nice!
Love my flats as well  heard nothing but good things ab the Green Silence
Hey WALL STREET The rest of us are not bailing u out ever again  President Obama
iconfess I didn't workout today and ate icecream instead :/
yes!!
Hence the extensive karaoke outfits ;
Can't wait no more..
how many hours left?
Lol 2 hrs and 10 min.
Yaayy ...
going out w/ the neighbors :
Let us Know why you are pumped for the weekend!!!
bigups to my cuzzo for putting me on the b e s t music in the world !
watching BigEasyJustice on spike tv this show tweaking me out....
The sentimentalist ages far more quickly than the person who loves his work and enjoys new challenges.
do you charm everyone on the internet?
I'm just going to start carrying my glove at all times.
I really should do that anyway
It's hard to beat 1 rails during happy hour at Paisan's!
Check out the storm damage from Tuesday night storms!!
Plus  roundabouts  do you like them or prefer traditional stop signs?
Let us know!!
It's a full moon and my last name means wolf...
should be an interesting night!

we got to take Lonneke out in the
lol look at you
That awkward moment when you're basically dumbing down your paper so your professorssor will understand it.
Back to 7th grade?
Here in your arms?
Don'tCareProbAwk
How can I identify bad links?
I need to stop doctoraming with random unusual people
If you think my tweets are about you, they probably are.
when are you going?
meetings??
SaySomething.
who needs ovaries anyways?
Lolol.
Yeah.
I am.
That's why I'm funny ;
WHY IS IT SO FREAKIN' HOT IN THE PHX AIRPORT!!??
I'm sitting here doctorpping.
Ugh!
Going to be cold tonight in Houston.
Make it colder and come watch some A league adult hockey at 9:45pm.
it's alright I'll ask your brother!
Nobut like an after effect sort of thing, And we will soon, it won't be long : x
Planning a bday party for 2 friends.
Wish it was just buying a cake with candles and giving them a barbie or toy truck.
25yrlds r demanding
Back in the badass land of england!
Back on it for WAKO british prep ousu!!
We would be very excited to do a joint meetup with y'all again!
Eaters will also enjoy Easter clearance sales to find yesterday's Cadbury Eggs at a deep discount!
Wow wowman how did ye know?
news Jo Shapcott wins the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry, its judges saluting the calm but sparkling Englishness of her awardwinning ver
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it  Edith Wharton
Well...
Debate Camp...
Its gonna be a LONG two weeks, but hey, it'll be interesting!!
:
Just my ego.
's Spring 2012 season is SOLD OUT.
Did you get in?
No worries, you can still vote on the performers each night!
Lets all hop on the OSU bandwagon everyone!
Every morning has a new beginning, a new blessing, a new hope.
It's a perfect day coz it's God's gift.
Have a blessed day.
Good a.m.
!!!
Is anyone else as freezing as I am??
Why am I so cold all the time!?!?
Just to' up, I said.
CALL FOR VIP TICKETS FOR THE PARTY BUS 7862231654
Not teaching tomorrow  staying up late and sleeping in.
SO, what movie should I get from Redbox?
Day 8 on Anthony trial...
Here's to justice!
Three settings of a student's poetry done.
thank you so much!!!
:
Flipped on Giants game...exciting!
Extra innings!
Close win!
Jumped over to Warriors...oh, oh god.
: Smile and you will notice what llife is really for.:
I haven't decided yet.
I'm off for 5 days the 1418.
Options are LA, Phx, or SD.
Might do one of those for 3 days and kick it here
call us so we can talk about the track we gone get yall on the mixtape 7047284808
I'm still hot.
Betty White delivers again.
I'm looking at ereaders, do you have the Kindle or Nook?
If so why did you choose that one?
Great discussion to educate people.
Chiming in to say hi!
Tell me how you really feel, train
I have so many replies to that.
Be nice.
Sarah Palin is my godmother.
Not from my window, but I could from roof.
No problem!:
well, kid, you should listen to your copy editor!!!
Next week's Frontline is about Rupert Murdoch, so I can return to feeling selfrighteous anger and indignation and not fear.
just a whole bunch of love tweets saying I love it when she text me first.
Plus she is going to NYC with him.
on me...
I got Top Ramen!
Lol!
: Your laughter makes my heart sing and your smile simply lights up my world!
No, but If you are looking for the treasure, I have the map to a city so small in Iowa my GPS couldn't find it.
Step 1 to tackling difficult/neglected film: 'make sure no one is watching.' oh so true.
Thanks to you in Australia for putting together green screen video with your yr2  sending to my students in Philadelphia.
Wireframing my portfolio site today, finishing up mocks for a client presentation and finishing some other odds and ends.
Bye bye todo's!
redbull and late hr sessions to get my assignments/deliverables done for school
Revolutionarythought: Take one step, and then another.
That is how you move your career forward.
You got that right!
How does bashing teachers equal excellence in education?
Watched projectrunway Hate Kara!
But also susankomen commercials  charmin's tagline we all have to go, why not enjoy the go
I'm seriously loving Pottermore.
Understanding the laws of nature does not mean that we are immune to their operations.
wow, something a Celtic and a Laker fan can agree on!
scared money dont make no money if I ever go broke ima take yo money.
You got a friend in me.
looks like you are using recipes from Plenty.
Yum!
Your photo looks just like the book cover.
I don't remember the last 4th quarter the Bucks played good in.
Anyone else?
Day went better than yesterday.
Thx   others 4 support
The lakers need to step it up.
im not sure what souped is, but i am amped The difference between the nets and the cavs is, we will actually make the right pick
great game tonight can't wait for tomorrow..
AND, and, the Flyers go another year without a Cup!
I love it.
Follow AtlWindSym on Twitter!
Don't backslide!!
That was funny!
I like the other commercial better
Our Southwest YMCA is launching a MACC Ridin' for Research training class.
For more information call 4145469622.
Oh my god...
Pad thai sounds fucking delicious right now.
hey!
I just saw this.
Sorry about that.
oh.
my.
lanta.
i agree.
Where can i find one?!
i think i'm coming to orange county tomorrow, just a heads up.
txt me
you're supposed to borrow the money from your parents, duh.
Just wanted to wish you a happy Friday!
Hope your day goes well and your heart stays big!
CHEERS!
Chicago Anthro's gruesome site redesign has wiped the OA serial History of Anthropology Newsletter of the map!
:
When you see a guy pull up in a Ferrari and he actually is wearing a Brioni Vanquish Suit I joke about wearing that He doesn't.
RT : RT : Things they dont tell you to bring to college: a god damn canoe to get to class 
Lunch with TED in 20.
Colin is out of town so I'm picking today's talk at Bring a brown bag and come on over.
That much sweeter when I overcome it.
:
SELENA IS MY DILEMMA is trend !
lol
Come see Houston native singer/songwriter Jimmy Pizitolla this Saturday.
All I need is one shot like dat nigaa Red Dot
Yeah, its like that.
Damn I need them to make a new season of The Boondocks!!!
: Do ice cream men have territories like doctorg dealers?
you can ff me back
Its everything about you..
thanks, I try, tho' apparently not hard enough ;
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Ham  Swiss on rye with a cup of soup....6.95
I was thinking about asking Sheps to help me with a new newsletter that had a link to a page with all the music on it
Just posted a comment as instructed.
Thanks so much!
I'm pretty sure Rossie odonnel has more chest hair then I do
yes much better than justgraduatedhighschool hatingfamilyandnofriends lyingaboutcollegeandcaraccidents : love you!
oh it's okay!
It's worth a shot!
It's nice of you to try though!
I got a new phone and lost your number!
:
Please vote for me, ineed a car real bad.
Jesus isn't a professort He is LORD don't make fun of Jesus, you can get in trouble for that.
Repent, Satan.
Today's Motherhood the Musical audiences, enjoy the play  your Mother's Day Heart Donuts!
Dude I wanna live in a window display and get sponsored by downey!!
Real things that happened  Me: GUYS!
North Carolina made gay marriage legal!
Me: I mean illegal.
DICKS!
RT : Talking down fails to lift up...
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.
Proverb
What was your favorite part about The Oscars?
: There's also a fulltabbed browsing added to Safari on iOS..
Yes!
Took today off from work to edit...
Gotta get a lot done...
HIGH FIVE TO THAT ...
Valet Parking is complimentary at all times here!!!
and congrats on opening your doors today!!
Absolutely!
Thanks for sharing :
Student Exhibition is OPEN!
Student Exhibition is OPEN!
We're preparing ourselves for tonight's reception, 5:308:30pm.
Who is coming?!
I just got this message from G: It looks like you've exceeded the number of searches we allow.
Please wait a bit and try again.
Is anyone watching the fight tonight?
I'm trying to watch Evans beat Jones ass lol
Does Enzo have siblings?
:
When we take things for granted, these things eventually get taken away.
Who said a black man in the Illuminati, last time I checked that was the biggest racist party...
FF and our DJ Simon the
I think Mayweather and his old man should duke it out next!
Bitch, I'm from the Bronx.
Ill fuck you up!
hopefully everyone scored bad on it so there's a curve lol
i'm going for 3.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 43
Garden State Mall w.
my right hand mans
sure was...
: Powerful NBC story by on former Saint Steve Gleason's battle with ALS.
What do we mean be efficiency in teaching?
Credit hour production?
Valueadded learning/hour spent prepping?
Khan Academy style?
Anywhere that our pies are sold.
Baby I got a plan, runaway as fast yoouu can
I make mostly all my clothing,come buy my famous handmade Tutus,  1237 Santee Street Los Angeles CA, 90015
I wanna know who lol.
I watched 2nd seeaon streamed online.
bit fuzzy at times.
what girl could it be?
im ok w/ spoilers
sorry but I watched two films back to back filmed on film.
One projected digitally one on film.
Digital proj lookmore pixel
So Jason Terry must be really satisfied with that 1 NBA title.
He thinks 1 is enough I guess.
There is always a lack of time.
You can never lack PRIORITIES.
Whats important?
write it down.
Even if you did, you're still the most gorgeous woman Miki!
Thx a million for spreading the word , at this rate, all of austin will know they can donate their old phone 4 a great cause
Bring Mom to our Charleston location this Mother's Day.
We open at 11:30 and are giving flowers to all the Moms that dine with us that day!
Happy Saint Pat!
Day
Movie fact of the week: For the movie the Wizard of Oz, Judy Garland was paid 35 a week while Toto received 125 a week.
will perform live in the big room around 11a!
CSS is like lipstick  you can easily change the colours.
Rebecca on building a site as a noncoder.
Super cool
Chicken and biscuit PotpieAWESoME!!!
Courage is the art of being the only person in the room who knows that you're scared to death.
The new year is sufficiently rung in.
Time to get constructive.
Actually disturbed 

Yes, but you have high top table seating with amazing views and incredible food  doctornk included.
Freshman from ENG101 class I worked with: first I thought this assignmt was dumb but then I discovered that the archives are pretty cool.
Going to work, Brooklyn today its snowing should be fun getting there gotta go beat the traffic GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
I JUST had them today  you MUST plan a visit to have them.
Only 170 calories a piece  totally worth it.
rt Most Magnificent New Moon Blessings upon you!
...off to yoga my ASSana  doctorm diddie dum dummmmmmm!!!
is this a big decision?
If it involves leaving Chicago I say nay.
Remember your suppose to give me shit for the foreseeable future
Graduates today though!
Happy Sunday everybody!
Lamb is signing at some Cardboard Heroes around KY Check their site Starts this weekend U can get LambTeague both for 40 tota
I'm trying to enroll in your school lol
you should have just came on tour haha :P
yo I'm at Sangria in Hermosa beach!
Venture Capital Investment Continues To Fall In Europe
Happy Sunny FF to you too!
My boobs lookk like they r gonna explode!
They've gotten huge Oo...
Twisting tonight at Subway Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
from 57pm.
Kids meals are only 3.00 when mister Balloon Wizard is twisting!
If UCLA's 88 game streak was by a women's team, and if a men's team broke the streak, everyone would be talking about how amazing it is.
WHO IT U MEAN THAT WAS GREYSON CHANCE
Recharge your batteries at blogher w/ Trop50 will be on hand to refresh you at the conference  with
Congratulations, John!
RT THE SNOW WHALE was named one of 's favorite books of 2011!
Product of the week: Dermalogica's MultiVitamin BodyBlock spf20.
Intensely nourishing protection with a velvety finish!
20 OFF!!
Do we have a hashtag for All Staff?
Using YOLO to make your sentence sound cool, like, Just bought underwear, YOLO!
Laughing SO HARD right now!
What treats or deserts have you made out of Medifast products?
love it!!
I guess i can't be part of your new cool life :p
Praise the LORD!
// : Doctor says God is smiling on us scan is completely clear
Where is that feature?
Back in Oct.
of LAST YEAR I was supposed to have an interview.
Where's that at?
Going to Ms.
Harris first thing Tomorrow
You sound like my hubby.
Grown boys love those types of toys : 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG just RT my tweet them OMG dead
Where am i going tonight?
np , rise n shine
Today in Literary History: On May 1, 1923 Joseph Heller was born in New York.
I believe the death of OBL means the most famous beard in the world now belongs to Congrats!
in other news, I still don't care about tim t's politics.
Nothing makes you love columbus like the doodah parade.
Super fun as usual.
ahh crap...
Sorry about that.
I totally understand how much that sucks.
We're looking into that.
Take Your Meds Or Get A Hobby...Whatever Comes First!!
This weekend has been insane.
Seriously, too much for one person to handle.
almost glad its over.
almost.
intense Good Night!!!!
morning girl
thanks RT : hey ma I need ya email so I can send u beats for a colab
i guess i'm committed to maintaining my klout score now....lol
The show had a successful run in Minneapolis before it came to NYC.
Many ppl didn't understand Judy's tumultuous life
We have submitted 3 of the 9 proposals we need to submit to the City of Chicago by May 31.

the end of the day it'll pay off  least u won't b one of these chics with mad kids many baby daddy's and no lifeprops 2 u
Job seekers now outnumber openings six to one, the worst ratio since the government began tracking open positions in 2000.
We will bring you periodic baseball updates on Twitter.
There is Live Video and Audio courtesy and Live Stats via the NAIA.
In the end we're all Jerry Springer Show guests, really, we just haven't been on the show.
Black Team Wins the 2010 Basketball Classic!
Final score 133124.
AH!
on !
Can't help myself, I love everything !
soo dance excercise was fun today
Cello Fury performs a FREE show this Friday  the Red Ring, 79 pm, 1015 Forbes Ave.
c u there!
Aye Dude!
Thanx 4 tha add!
Hope to work with you soon bro.
i got things comin up.
See ya!
Please follow me!
It would make my life!
I love you 33 :
so you prefer a non interested owner that lives in the UK/Europe.
even Roman doesn't go to every match
Slowly getting back on the festival train.
OPEN just got submitted to NY's Rooftop Films and the San Antonio Film Festival.
yes.
That is extremely important.
Are you serious???
: RT : Hey Steelers Nation How Y'all Like Me Now??
OldSlowDone  Keep it classy but this jerk was never classy
But the Lakers took 7 games to even get to OKC though....Niccas Is Tired Out There Boy
I'm there shitbag!
Brilliant, fellas.
Welcome to SheaMoí Naturelle all of our products are 100 natural, and jewelry is handmade.
Stay tuned for special sales!
I know where the loveoftech comes from now!
No expectations, no disappointments, no worries!!!
Life is in perfect order.
yea u fool
Two days behind on nanowrimo word count.
Need to find my muse
Bourbon and cigars in the southern night.
Tell all your friends to follow us on twitter :
Editing what we've shot so far from LearnFromTheMaster and it's looking great!!!
Is DSLR the way to go???
I still like Film  16mm 
MILW FIGHT FANS: Tune into 102.9 FM The HOG at 8:45 am Monday morning for a major 2009 WI State Fair main stage entertainment announcement.
Watching MakeItorBreakit and its getting intense..
Personally, I liked this recall much more when we discussed the issues that caused the recall to begin with.
Sunday, 5/6, 93pm: Come cheer on Avon Walk for Breast Cancer walkers with us!
We'll be at O  23rd NW w/ tshirts!
Stop by or stay all day!
I'm in pain I just got hit in the face with a basketball
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy the celebration in Lexington!
honestly, wet/doctor sandpaper 220  400 grit with give you a smooth surface.
I would wrap the sandpaper on a block to make a good tool.
Franchise Tax Board: Busy updating our fact sheets for the upcoming filing season.
Why can't you just answer my question....?!:
I seem to be operating on the fallacy that checking email more increases the chance what I want will appear there.
You know what but fuck it,
LOL would love to hear it!
We'll rate it for ya!
2012 is a Leap year.
Dance with us for heart health Feb.
29  Park West 6 p.m.
Leaping optional!
Great fun!
Stay tuned!
practical advantages to finding points of agreement.
This seems to me the result of using frames that fit the facts  digital
A called strike three while looking?
FUCK YOU.
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
George Washington Carver
they do say that don't they?
Well if that's how the saying goes...
JEN 2012  Lousiville.
Here I come!
Kobe Bryant is back!
40 points..
Are you a fan or a follower of Christ?
RT if you're single.
ok so you wanna take the second floor!
Umm courtney its a highway exit not a floor hahahaha
wrote it myself :
Always watching in noisy McNally's, I rarely get a chance to hear the Cauldoctorn on tv.
Loving it.
ouch...you could use that as a marketing hook  Worst Game Ever.
Going to try this out
Wow!: I'm so appreciative that you love me on HartOfDixie 3 That means so much to me!
Seriously sleeping in till like 4 tomorrow...only 4 thought b/c I have practice at 4:30
My stomach is doing 's.
Let me get upcook breakfast!
Run the World.
Hits 9 on iTunes Top Single chart in less than 24hrs!
BOOM !!
Um, it's your fault i'm addicted to this shit.
How about you buy me photoshop so I can keep making edits of your sexiness?
k?
Happy birthday to May all your days be filled with chicken dances.
Cc:
deadass my mom laughs at ur videos and i just stay their laughing at my mom laughing at you
: because the wrath is real!
Especially comin from
You all need to follow the REAL She RT's fans A LOT.
me too...
But you really should get one!!
March 3: The Mike Daniels Trio
R.I.P.
Marie Colvin, Remi Ochlik, and everyone who has died in the fight for freedom in Syria.
I was wonderin the other day if you had fallen off the other side of the planet, what you been up to?
I'm not sure 10x would be right if Noah's ankle is still sprained.
That is IF the Bulls actually get out of this series.
Sleeping is my doctorg,The bed is my dealer,the alarm clock is the police, and school is the prison
Thanks Amy for the FF.
Have a great weekend!!
i still doctornk a lot so that doesnt help at all lmao
I though I was bipolar umm I guess not
NEVER SAY NEVER..
BRAZIL SAYS NEVER SAY NEVER
NoDisrespect intended to anyone but is the new way of spelling Angel  Angle or are we on AprilFools OverTime.
Been seeing this a lot lol
Verizon is getting the iPad on Oct.
28th.
Maybe this is a sign there is an iPhone in the works too?
Never sacrifice who you are just because someone else has a problem with it.
when I know I look like crap and he says I look beautiful
I don't think they have the heat on in here on the weekends.
Brrr!
Royal Ink!!
Let's Go!!
crib or studio?
Nothing wrong with my leg just Bboy limpin' : Shake Your Rumppppah!
wth?!
We could still be out!
McNabb was a great player, no denying that.
its awesome I figured you would tweet about it today!
Yeah.
The top left and bottom right are twins!
:
For me, much of the value of the degree was from my assistantship.
Gave me good, concrete examples to talk about.
Nice to be here.
Now stop pooping on my couch.
Gzzzzz I should have had my dad doctorve me all around the country.
Just because it's earth day
isn't that someone's sig on exhale?
Rest in peace, Dick Clark.
Truly a pioneer.
As people trying to make a music television show ourselves, we definitely respect his work.
I'm still debating whether I should try and go to South Afrika or not.
Flash mobs :
Kudos to Hawks' PA team for playing Muse's Map of the Problematique.
Probably one of the best playoff hockey songs out there.
Nasty track.
Lol , Hey Sus , Cali Ain't With Me Girl But Fish Go Get Mugged.
wow!!!
Major prayers!!!
A big congratulations to and her dad!
I'm so blessed to have you in my life; I love you!
And its on.
thanks so much!
it means a lot to me, and thanks for the RT.
I CAN DO ALL THINGS THROUGH CHRIST, WHO STRENGTHENS ME.
Farewell Chicago!
Farewell AWP2012!
See you next year Boston and
Buffett May Unveil Heir Soon
I know, right?
I've noticed that too.
One Direction are officially in Auckland, New Zealand : safe  sound!
she's not doin' the Walmart tour  that's Keri Hilson's spot.
Kim is only booked for TinyChat Live Streams sponsored by PayPal
Looks like everyone got shitfaced last night.
Even mum.
Glad you all had a good time.
How's this: your recent article about downtown redevelopment was dead on.
City of SD is in grad school, best to stay in school...
check your email inboxes!
he's a sweetheart3
BREAKING NEWS: Scientists have discovered a cure for a bad case of the Mondays!
All you need is a half pound burger.
We have 'em for 5!
Why pay people to do a job if I'm going to have to deal with problems caused by their job.
I want to own it if I have to fix it.
With raw condos selling in the Village for as high as 5,000/SF, townhouses still seem like a great bet
RT If a company offers to buy you in cash, ask for stock.
If stock, get paid in cash.
wow!
looks like such a fun program!
Great activities!
Jake moved the tv outside tonight and grilled for some of our friends.
So far perfect evening!
ight sounds like a plan ma dude.
If your gonna get a new glove hit me up
ashamed that my twitter is so friggin' boring.
i shall strive to be more entertaining.
Off to Jazzercise!
Sitting in your room watching Jenna Marbles videos on a friday night, and realizing how lame you are, and how you have no friends.
yes I do
LT...Or however u spelled his name
We're have one additional Brews 'N Brackets winner we're trying to contact who won a 50 Tavern gift card: screen name padajim.
To...
absolutely!
I'll have to have you over to see our new place.
No, im still thinkin about it though!
should be on rob dyrdek's fantasy factory
nice.
Love that place.
You poor guy.
Work, work, work
Designing for yourself is too hard.
I am indeed my own worst critic.
Somebody call the police, cuz i'm about to kill the shit it of my legs o
Did that link come through via DM?
WLA missed you, too, Annie!
:
BREAKING NEWS James Franco arrested for molesting 27 5th graders during oscars performance
34 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
congrats on winning!!!
Keep following us for more chances to win during our 12 Days of Free Pizza!
The mom from good luck charlie 
Wed.
night  TryOuts is doctorg night!
open to all 18  up.
BYOB!
Join us  5500 Babcock
First session: digital vs.
print, from storyboard to digital delivery
doctornking awesome coffee is on my Seattle todo list...
So many choices though.
Who here is from Brazil?
Its hard to believe we've been here over an hour and Evan has yet to flash his junk around.
Are you sure?
The person with the most tweets telling people to follow WINS!
Winner gets a signed ticket from a previous show!
READY SET GO!
Off to compete in the Wisconsin Highland Games!
Go Milwaukee Scots!
yeah, they got all that new fangled technology!
Lol!
Have these guys seen a game before?
Who's ready for the rangers to dominate tonight?
Come watch with your friends !
Seriously, what's with these shitty angles at the Phillies/Nats game?
I bet you're SO excited to finally see me tomorrow!
Correction on number 15.
has just informed me that the last one on there is , not just Luke Bryan.
;
1st intermission.
Time to flip to NHL Network for the end of The Road to The Cup!!
Ah...memories
FREAKING OUT.
I keep hearing this buzz in my room ,and I know its a fly but I cant locate it.
IM ON NINJA MODE RIGHT NOW 
It's funny to me when people who are having premarital sex look down on people who aren't married with kids.
Climate is what you expect: weather is what you get
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Whoah!
Where did the time go!
awkard racist vid in history with like 70 of Somalians in our class op
Everybody Deserves Music: A Project of the Los Angeles Leadership Academy's Charitable Life on Crowdoctorse
Send me a wink
there is a rumor Peter that your first guitar was found in a storage locker this past week, it true?
you ever lose a locker?
What is forgiven is usually well remembered :
I will be spinning super funky dynamite soul music down tonite starting at 10pm.
Packers and Brewers and sweet soul music!
Dan we are on.
Following your work.
We take the time to see your video.
We copy  send also to , our mother boat.
who has tumblr?
Hey Zayn : My Day Is Very GOOD And Yours?
:
It's a sweet bike!
: Just wanna make sure no one takes a picture : hasn't tried a 300cc Vespa
Tom Gabel was the cocoon for Laura!
Be happy!
Emerge in peace.
You are loved!
Can you ask for a better day?
Open your windows, go up to your roofs, lay on your lawns.
Get outside GH!
It will motivate.
It's all GOTV for the most part, and this helps.
The vibe is strong with u my son
I just don't want to offend anyone.
We've discussed this haha.
Beliebers Can Trend What You Can In 10 years, In 10 Seconds ; Kidoctoruhl And Beliebers :
This weather legit hates my hair.
Wow what a lame question ...
Way to get into the weeds Wolf
Boy do time flys.
.
.
.but I was bored  o.0 lol
i cant find where i put your number...
so i'll just give you mine, ok?
Aint nothin wrong wit shootin the fair one!
Am I wrong?
agreed!!!
: Why do cloudy days make people doctorve so so slow?
My first cup of coffee, the morning after my son's cancer surgery.
It went well, we have been blessed, and my coffee tastes great!
Peace Day 2011 is looking for PERFORMERS of all kinds, COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS to set up booths FREE, TRAVELING YOUTH BASKETBALL TEAMS!!!
1st speed painting tonight.
Stand by...
I got you my dude, had a few complications over the weekend, I spoke to Black about it.
2morrow fo'sho
I got an A in Guitar Theory, an A in History, an A in Statistics, and a B in Physics.
:
How did I miss for FF?
Fun blog to read
Guess who has a brand spanking new HH menu??
Best one in town.
Check out our website for details.
Like it!
:You cant focus on your blessings  your problems at the same time.The one that has your focus will shape your thinking
will do baby boo 3
We are on the bus headed up to Nashville for PreK Day on the Hill!
hopefully the neighborhood will get some peace.
Igor: I heard the strangest music from the upstairs kitchen and I just...
followed it down.
Call it...
a hunch.
Badum chi.
I wanna work with until the day I die.
This guy is the truth!
thank you
Thank you for the follow!
You cant lose what you never had.
You cant keep whats not yours.
And you cant hold on to something that doesnt want to stay.
TLS
Re: debut game.
3K capacity.
Thanks!
: Cass Tech is about 90 full.
Flares and smoke bombs after the goal.
Trump sent a terrible message selecting Arsenio, who was extremely unprofessorssional  verbally abusive to
Sounds great.
I'll keep lunch open.
Answer: both.
Though it's easier to build professorles for incumbents than candidates.
Yours look empty, we'll work on it!
Big dance!
rockchalk !
Aw shucks, my GIF didn't work!
I'll have to give it another go.
Have a WONDERFUL Birthday today!!!
Welcome to adulthood ;
When I suggested a scared straight program to exoffenders, they straightened me out w/ Young boys have enough fear, what they need is love
So excited for believe!
Woohoo!
Just downloaded my ecopy of and 's Design is a Job.
aw thanks you pretty hot yourself!;
45 minutes, 9 phone calls and 4 health insurance reps later, I still don't have a dentist appointment.
Thnx for quick reply!
Is there also a way to make Mac Camtasia highlight mouse clicks?
Thanks to everyone coming over from
Licking Cats
So, Live Mas is 's tagline on their website.
Do they realize that mas means more in English?
: I feel like Kegasus is from Wisconsin.
Preakness.
I wish someone would name a race horse Beer 30.
Just plopped down at the bar at the Twin Kegs, ruining my work out  sorry Kyle.
Boo Boo Stewart is fascinated by DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
I had a very productive day at ACTORFEST on Saturday!
I also attended an open call for Grant Wilfey Casting!
Mitt not look like a punk?
Unpossible.
Im gna be geeked if I can perform at Ragefest next year!
Laughing uncontrollably with my friend.
lol
Thanks for following : Looking forward to seeing the Team Aero Fund members out and about soon!
CONGRATZZZ!
hope it went well!
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a girl gets mad at you on the field so she decides to practically kill ur toe and now it's swollen and looks huge
My fridayreads are The Paris Wife and Flannery.
Not so much your grammar as your perspective.
You went from 2nd person to 1st.
Which I guess is grammar.
Sorry, it's Friday.
: mark your calendar for March 23rd.
It's our CD release conert.
come see us at Adair's on Satuday!
Oh man, that's a good show.
Unless you meant just watching a movie about actual terriers.
Which also would be good.
Started to wade into online political debate.
Played the tape through to the end.
Skipped the online political debate.
Tonight was the official end of my glee obsession.
The soundersfc are giving away free tshirts right now down at the 'march to the match'
Lovely day to celebrate our EARTH.
Happy Earth Day everyone.
We are always here w/paninis containing fresh products from the Earth.
It's not about how clever you can be with technology, it's about how good your service is.
MindFirstFitness
Are you a chaser?
This mix tape is simply amazing.
I have family there and visit.
Really excited for the World Cup too.
An interesting country at an interesting point in time.
So Chris wants to fight a QB, real cool dude.
Why don't you fight another TE, like Vernon Davis.
Hahaha little bitch
Slut is not an acceptable word on Words with Friends?
Bogus.
I can't say I wouldn't kill them.
I'd be pissed at them for hacking me, so I'll probably snap.
But that's just me, haha
Congrats Brenchel....
on being mediocre and annoying as hell!
I want to go home..
Does this show I'm missing something obvious?
Any help GREATLY appreciated!
Woo !
We Gonna Rock ettt !
m/.
You were the best chauffeur we ever had!!!
I've been hiding that side of me wanting you.3
I've cut people out of my real life whom I've know for 20 years...
What makes you think I won't Twitterblock someone I've never met?
I started off the day by walking into a huge spiderweb.
I feel like I need a shower now.
True: We got a bad, BAD man yesterday!
A TERRORIST, former plotter to kill innocent Americans!!
My life is forever over!!!!
Next time I come up to Chicago for a meeting, I'll take a little side trip and stop in your store!
We can have lunch.
:
have fun....yea
: I love you Lucille : I love you olive 3 love you more
U made producers cry then stand  cheer 2nite w/ that piece!
Bravo 2 U  Jared.
cc:
Thanks!
So glad you loved the video and that it brings you joy every time you watch it.
100  times.
make your special flavors and cruise times highlights on your timeline!
maybe now you'll have more time to tweet!
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune.
Jim Rohn
Just got out of the gym....chest is Super tight!
:D
my mom says i'm tew rude and holy water should be poured down my throat.
zay you know it is the truth
Fulltime in house web designer needed at ShermansTravel.com to work on site redesign  other new products!
If you're interested DM me asap!
...but some careers can be training free.
;
Samantha O'Reilly and mister.
Reamo, you are both the best there ever was!!!!
Thank you buches and bunches and bunches!!!
At too much pizza at once.
Summer.
Summer.
Summer.
Heyo!
RT If Magic Johnson can run the Dodgers, perhaps one day Michael Jordan will run the Bobcats.
And and RT : One more month till i see again with !
3
Damn Kobe why you do em like that the nigga was dazed lmao
100 professort Channel Partner deal!
To arrange a call for further info and a general chat about how we work, reply or call 0844 880 2010
Working on my last paper for english.
Thank the Lord!!
what the ?!
Lul using her user name as a bad word is actually pretty fun.
what's that pm about...
Looks like a virus
Chiefs looked good.
Chargers look better.
Oy.
Watching the new years celebration makes me want to go back to NYC!
Maybe I'll make it back in 2012.
Good luck Coach.
Hope you get it!
Podcasting the lcwhy series by  Going to live life with my God today and be in His presence
Listening to the EDUCAUSE webinar on the GA State Copyright Case
We're all excited to have Shauna join.
Thanks for the mention.
: who are your top 5 teams as of now?.
Cuse ain't losing with melo
I tear my heart open just to feel.
Praise God man!
Pumped for u guys!!
Christian Grey 3
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent.
William Ashley  Knows Ebay
From Target the Michael Graves broom  dustpan with a long handle but the design was not good.
No, Missourians burn down Lawrence.
Happy Black History Month!
Thanks for the follow !
Your story is phenomenal  inspiring.
It truly spoke to me..
Sorry I'm being such a bum, I'm just not in a good mood..
:/
Negative thinking can affect your health.
Do your best to focus on the positives of life.

He trying to box.
Lol...I'm jk...I know you dealing with that ankle..
RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Off to London!
Although it's for work, and I probably won't get to see much while I'm there.
But still, London, so that's pretty cool.
are my life are my life are mi life are mi life are my life are my life are my life are my life are my life are my life 
Welcome so wht r ya doin?:
Empowering Changemakers with Technology: featured in article by of Hooray!
playing guitar so much....i cant move my fingers because there so cramped no:
If Friday the 13th wasn't a good day for you, come into Coop's on Saturday the 14th for some good eating and it'll be sure to cheer you up!
they make my heart pump blood to certain areas RT : The boys from make my heart race.
damn your tuff man talking shit about Danny Granger on twitter, you must be hard
every breath I take it brings me to tears
Going to go to a party later.
So I gotta get ready!!!!!
Sure does look a lot like the view from my deck!
its a tank top ahem
Thanks!
Enjoy the day.
Recording HAWAII FIVE0, later will see it.
I've yet to cash in on the Studio Art, English, or History minors, as such, yet.
Or the Philosophy degree, for that matter.
Stumbling upon a rerun of the pilot episode of the Cosby Show is one of TV's greatest pleasures.
The Browns are the only team in Cleveland that I still follow.
Joining the bandwagon...anyone got a spare Google invite?
Delibrarianat gmail.
Thx, will pass it on!
For you know that when your faith is tested, your endurance has a chance to grow.
James 1:3
That, too!
Roll one, smoke one:
i heart tacos
I can't stand Vogel.
Hmm creepy...
hahaha but that will be the best gift ever!
New disruptive models Kickstarter, air b and b, Kahn academy
sipping that doctorpepper and playing with the pen and useless shit we don't care about
Omg!..They are sinking that bitch once again in 3D.
Tinanic is being rereleased.
milking it money grab
Nothing like Greenville, NC
RT Great keynote by Accept and respond to change.
SEM is much like Agile development.
Hoping for Wednesday, June 20th.
We're planning to fly out on the 19th.
Nothing is set in stone yet though.
Where was these fans during regular season??
nice!
did u guys take out the boat?
Orton is making Cassel look like a chump
I love Pay/Case, but so few vendors in the Mission use it that I forget it's even an option.
More soon?
Today's tip: Be sure to include both areobic and anaerobic exercise in your weekly routine.
That's terrible coming from a girl :/
I'm in awe.
TSW2012 has raised close to 18,000 for  40 more than last year.
Great job everyone!!!
cc
you tha man!
Thanks for the support!!
m/
To be successful isn't about reaching success in one night.
Its Reaching the next step then the next step till you get to where your going
Start the weekend early tonight!
C'mon in for Leon and the Reckless All Stars, some great pub grub and a brew or two!
Michelle, it was great seeing you and today.
It's always fun to have you in.
Hope you feel better.
wait im clicking ur subscribe button but nothings happening ?
:O
Not buying but I think nothing says Happy Valentines Day like a piece of thick cut cod...
Omg I forgot , thanks for the reminder...
moving on towards bigger and better goals!.
yes very much so
My ass cant hang i cant text 4 the next hour...ass falling a sleep while tweeting
hey sexy!!!
My dad on LA: It's nice here.
You can grow tomato, cucumber, artichoke ...
Correction.
We are in the 78705.
LONG DAY.
Chinesefiredoctorll say what?
;
Well hey, we missed you!
OH MY GOD FOLLOWED ME!
I SWEAR I LOVE HER MORE THAN JUSTIN!
Afternoon siesta....Yes Please!
RT : LOVE that the high school students come to hang out after school lets out!!!
great job
Love this!
RT Flavor is a health issue.
If flavor is missing, no amt of nutrition science will fill the gap.
Nevermind, I'll find someone like you.
I wish nothing but the best for you
RT Sweet!
I'd guess will hit the stage around 10 or so.
See you !
Look at the moon!!!
Just joking.
I haven't seen it.
Just wanted to be the first one on the west coast to post that.
sorry twitter...
I've been neglecting you recently :
That just gave me a giggle.
RT : If Barack Obama ain't black, his lips sholl are!!!
Danny Glover and Ross Mirkarimi are having a rally for Ross now at 24th  Mission.
Please join us!
: Bro.
Steak N Shake lost like 5 million people...
so you should def apply there!
I will!
Did I spell Austin's Song Wrong Say Somethin OMG i'm so disappointed /:
RT I'm working on my 6th article for the official Expo 2012 blog about some lesser known examples of world's fair architecture
Thanks for the follow.
What part of Memphis you rep.
Memphis, It's not over!
I still BelieveMemphis!
well i want to move to North Carolina even more now.
Every time Toure's name comes across my timeline, I get legit pissed.
Some of our kids are on iOS5 and some on iOS 4.
Quiet a few apps aren't backwards compatible, so looks like upgrading is a must
Don't tell him about the dust bunnies, with their ferocious teeth and sharp claws.
a woman's best friend usually signs off her big relationship ...tiptoguys befriend the best friend
Finally Joshua Ledet can stop screaming in my face
extremely powerful!
Best I have heard.
Just walked into the eye doctor.
Receptionist greeted me with a loud, Spoke with your mom this morning.
She got pink eye from your dad!
hahaha I'm so dumb sometimes I swear.
Oopsies.
Haha
you are a SF fan!
After hometown loyalty people pick teams with their emotions....
I just saw this!
Thank you!!
Come purchase your tickets for African Cultural Night for tomorrow at 5PM.
General Admission tickets at 5, PSU students get in FREE!
Dear nipples: when you stick out like that at the gym, it embarrasses me.
Could you go down please?
keep his job and his endorsement contact just because he is not a BLACK Athlete
Minister Naledi Pandor: task of education is to create an active  participatory citizenry.
Me and my bro just got treated by these lovely ladies and for dinner.
New doctorma Revolution on NBC looks good, but better keep the expectations low in the Monday 10 p.m.
hour.
When I text you, it means I miss you.
When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me.
Feeling good.
Nervous, but good.
Goodnight, sweet doctorams!
: Getting attacked by lovebugs at this rest stop cc:  i was just about to tweet u!
Lol
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms on my TL!
i dont want to hear you call me a trappey slut .
u dont no who i have fed ..
Partying outside while everyone's crying inside?
It's getting interesting at willy t
YOU KNOW HOW TO GiVE MEH THAT WHEN i RUNNiNG..YOU THE ONE..AiNT NO OTHER NiGGAS LiKE YOU...YOU THE ONE POOH...
Killed it tonight!
20!
Woot!
awesome way to end the night :
Great to hear at our badgers athletics luncheon today.
Strong message, sports visionary and B1G proud!
I wonder how many Vandy students were rejected by Harvard.
In a down mood...
RT : how did you come up with your rapper name??
Christ showed me who I am as his follower, a True Disciple of God
Someone give me the low down on this juicer phenom.
Health benefits?
Taste?
Best juicer?
Recipes?
Started my workout today its gonna be on come spring ;
What time is it?
WILL DO HOMIE!
You bring syrup?
: Thank You to for being such a gracious host
The video of Chris Bosh punking Lebron's interview is fucking hilarious.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Hope you have a Fricken blast this weekend!!
Muahhh
when will you be in Louisville, KY?
Does it do ANYTHING when you try to open?
You try openclicking the app from your app folder?
Can you open any word doc?
Highlight of the day: Overhearing one of my students say  I love this class!
At least I think I do.
how doctoradful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in truth
: That sucks big time.
Is he alright?
Is everyone alright?
It has been a long battle.
Of course, I finally get this done when there are only two class sessions left...oh well.
:
hello kitty is so kute!
why are you doing this?
I have the advantage of getting away with things because normally I don't do stupid things :D
TGIF.
out with my girls 
Had an AMAZING DAY walked at USNA  sailed  chilled with a dear old friend .
..
ALL GOOD!
My parents' mail carrier looks like Gallagher and smokes cigars while he does his thing.
Badass.
watching my favorite show, toddlerstiaras.
Dang this pageant is Around the World.
wishIwascompetitinginit gotthis haha
We booked the trip  looking forward to seeing you in June!
follow me please!:
15 Massachusetts charter public schools ranked No.
1 in the state on MCAS this year, including several in urban districts.
Congrats!
I want the Bravermans to move to Dylan, TX for some sort of Jason Katims supershow
Coffee  the sports section in the lobby.
Not a bad way to start day 2 of dolehealthsummit.
:
Hey I know a real Champion Tag Team, Headbangers they're TREMENDOUS :
i procastinate even when my homework is makeup...
Its april 20.
I'm in marin county.
Pls disregard my tweets  I am not doctornk  and accidentally turned it on.
Its only 10am...
He gave me some good head so I gotta go get him a cooper sandwich
WE MADE IT
So hot in my office today...yeowza...
gonna have to wring out my socks...
sheesh!
Thank you!
HOPE TO SEE YOU VVRRROOOOMMMM!!!!
: TAXI?????6332606...LET ME BE YOUR DESIGNATED doctorVER!

How's the weather in Scottsdale?
I especially look forward to closing the structural deficit.
It hasn't been easy, but then, nothing worthwhile ever is
Go check of .
He and his band are freaking awesome
to be.
Plus I've got tons of shit on my mind.
Ryan's ex is pregnant and yes it's Ry's.
Not sure how I feel about that but it hurts.
In da midst of da storm,there was a tall tree dat couldn't fall.
That tree gave a new meaning to worth
Today was terrible, I feel disheartened.
I'd like to hide from the world for a while.
Follow !
Please?3 She follows back:
That's what's up!
RT : Fletcher Cox is the 11th first round pick in Mississippi State history.
Fourthhighest pick in MSU history.
LiesGirlsTellForAttention ...
im a virgin
Former car dealer Ed Martin Jr.
says Ind.
Horse Racing Commission violated his civil rights, trespassed on his Fla farm....
It's okay my voice is manly too.
Ahaha.
My favorite part of Puss In Boots was when they played AMERICANO.
Life is just too short...
RIP Samah /3
Had such a good night!
Does this mean we only celebrate the life Davy Jones every 4 years?
I mean, what would you have said about Gary Sheffield, the worst brewer ever?
We are in solidarity with South Africa those across the globe!
Celebrating the longest liberation movement.
selflessstruggle Anc 100
Basketball tonight!
urg I'm gonna be tired bro.
Its been this way since I was a child it needs to stop.
Yes, it was Gonzaga 7.5.
Barely but it hit.
Albert Einstein It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Now, I'd better work on some slidesI do have a talk to give tomorrow.
I like hearing myself chew so i do it loud, just wanted to share!
Would a riot cheer you up?
:
all day on the road.
home.
bunny slippers.
single malt.
hockey on tv.
Not sure if you know this, but I like super heroes, comic books,  cartoons because I want to be a good dad...eww kids I'm just immature.
l'il abner at theatre row.
Now the old man is describing what he eats everyday.
Jealous?
you playing inbox me
Great day today.
Excited for round 2 tomorrow.
Will have our radio handy to tune into the game!!
RT The Beavers in 2008 got 365k fans for 69 games.
The Timbers got 159k for 30 games.
Why lose 365k customers to Btown?
: just text me.
Please.
will do.
In other news, I'm looking for a good PVC glue for some craft work.
More on this exciting topic later...
Just got a great deal on soccer cleats at Rogan shoes in Racine.
are you afraid of people taking control of their own lives?
or at least trying to?
then leave me alone.
I think it's hypocritical for them to be offended.
Awesome flyer!
I want someone to love me like Tate loves Violet
bahahaha at least u passed
just sent me an email about reducing the deficit.
It must have been meant for Sunday.
m remember the salsa sour cream combo we used to make?
: I just bought some peach salsa today!
Dear , do you have your cherry beer for sale at the brewery?
We think TEBOW is doing a great job
I will not eat oysters.
I want my food dead.
Not sick, not wounded, dead.
Woody Allen
I like how my parents r divorced n dont talk...
But my mom's parents come over to my dad's house to visit n invite him to family parties.
Ha
I need to change my screen protector and get a new case
and by virgin we mean
haha naw you mad we speak the truth.
looking fwd to opening for ya brother
Loading up my car to get it down to the Douglas County Fairgrounds.
See YOU tomorrow morning!!
I think the dumbest mistake I made last year was not buying more than 1 pair of Cement 3's when they doctorpped in November 
me too!
ICS Financial Systems Showcases its Leadingedge Solutions at MEFTEC 2012  Bobsguide
Have u had the Mac and cheese yet?
I wanna try it so bad!
If I lived in SoCal I would be going to the NCAA Men's Volleyball National Championship game at Galen Center at USC 7:30.
hey...
I'm old enough to go to the barz.
First day of highschool, and it didn't get lost!!
:
Thanks new pavilion looks cool.
You are not healthy!
RT : I hate when my hands randomly get cold and turn purple
I seriously hate you :
Talked to a girl that's on the vampire diaries today on the sidewalk.
I'm ashamed of myself for recognizing her...
Getting an amazing phone case very soon.
i love CODY SIMPSON the most...and his lips are going to be raped by me :
I feeling very low tonight an Idk why
Welp, that was a strange game.
Watching the documentary doctor Bronner's Magic Soapbox, two min in it might be the scariest movie I've ever seen.
did you get my texts?
Listening to Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist while doctorving...95 is such a boring highway.
Awesome.
Please let me know if you have any feedback or have any ?'s about
This guy just called me old lolol.
Good foul
I wanna tan today...
I look like a cow girl right now.
Dear god.
Someone help me.
This theatre is crazy.
ok you confuse me lol I never know if your with jay or not aye aye aye : Renewing our vows :D
Bodybuilding is obsolete.
It is the antithesis of functional exercise.
CG Philosophie.
While I don't enjoy staying here, my medical team has been awesome!
Thx Laura, Maija, Patience, Susan, Mitsy, Doctors  ID team!
haha awe poor kitten :O but at least you didnt have much time to get attached?
happy MLK day!
Thanks for the FF!!
my sister just called me a creature..
Actually, everything you do is annoying..
u will..it just started raining here...
there will be lotsa tix too
has recently developed a healthy addiction to Law and Order
where did you get that...
he is so perfect.
I want him.
Is this dwts show or a plug for the Kardashians?
So unfair!
Take a deep breath you are strong.
You can do this, ego aside head held high.
Only winners take the challenge and rise.My Dad game advice.
Happy mother's day!!
congrats on the role in Contracted!
Huge fan of Dawning.
I'll be there!
Can't wait!
Facebook I think fml
In Denver.
Beautiful city.
Oh yeah, fuck the Rapids.
Allergies are starting to kick my butt this afternoon.
Ugh!
i made a special pic showing how much i truly love getin tweets from u all3 one secc
mister.
just taught Miss to use a coaster.
hey now!
I'm a legit follower :
why does it that everyone love but cant make that love last its sad really
Texas Plates?
Why yes please
What ever happened to integrity?
Good look bros shoot outs to you too
New job Nursing instructor full time or part time
Annoys the shit out of me when umps affect a game.
Wake up Stern.
RT : Sam Jackson Park Road now open.
Randy: Joan experiences science as an outsider, earth as an insider.
well duh!!
Anyone else?
I'm sitting right next you guys 
Race weekend!!!
Ready to get this party started!!!
Hey wanna chat
Our Ft.
Lauderdale COA Prep Course in 3 wks is already at full capacity but I just contacted the venue to add more space.
Y'all come!
Yup, we have a session at 2pm in Room C on social organizing!
RT : are you hosting a session today?
Gloomy day outside, new clients shooting inside.
Yeah, she leaves tomorrow morning, I leave Tuesday.
forget we think you're swell.
Don't cry because it's over; smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
What's that?
Plagued by a case of the Biebers?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
It's incurable.
He'll just keep coming back
U r the best!!
The only reason I watched celebrity apprentice just got fired.
great day for some Floyd!
We cant depend on our looks to pay our bills forever,we do get old,we cant depend on rapping ,but we can depend on God,he allways there
My next road trip will take me to Vicksburg, MS.
I will leave tomorrow morning.
Have a safe weekend everyone
At the orthopedic greenwoodorthopedics 
The mirror do lie cuz it dnt show the inside of you
Huge fan here.
Good luck this season.
oh yeah?
It opened very, very easy for me.
Whole house, but not a mansion or anything.
Probably four hours though.
That feels totally worth 100 at this point.
I love it when he knows that I fell asleep, but he still says goodnight.
3
its so bad that they would do better by just being quiet when N.O.
has the ball
What song?
: what up jersey girl.
Jersey is where its at.
I wanna watch shark boy and lava girl
Want a custom painted parasol for the Saints games?!
Hit up
Growing my beard back!
hanging with karmen  jenna.
My break is too long...
I don't need 45 minutes to eat lunch...
I'd rather have 3 15 minute breaks.
lol so been there!
Happy Birthday David...
Hope its a great one
hey JAKE ur awesome!!!!!
QUICK EASY EXERCISES single 10 minute workouts!!
qe2exercise.com
Awesome...as always.
I'm sure will appreciate as well.
Thanks man!
I imagine Laurence Sterne in the age of misappropriated use of hashtag commentary and sign for the future of emdashes and parentheses.
I wish.
Work trip.
Space shuttle flyby of DC was OK but gawkers actually parked on viewfriendly bridges over the Potomac.
Huge mess; my commute took xtra hour
Don't forget a sippy cup tomorrow..
;
Are teens shooting the video or is staff handling that?
I like the idea of teens learning to manipulate technology
weather is suppose to be doctor and the deck should be hoping for afterwards
That awkward moment when captainin America's best friend Bucky becomes The Winter Soldier and tries to kill him....woops.
It's 48 out right now.
I think I may just stay in bed w the heater on this presidents day.
i went back to the wishlist, laid it out different  cut 2 systems...
I'm not going to be as happy, but it should work.
How do you add instant value to your listing ?
Carpet and Paint.
Call a contractor you can trust.
misterD's painting we do it all Lic 630616
I'm digging that new Shonda Rhimes series Scandal that's pretty good!
BAYMAM  Your coding system is fabulous!
Sharing the Twitter love!
Just booked our first postgame meal of the 2012 season with Milwaukee's Favorite NL franchise.
Can't wait!!!
Becoming a happy positive person is a habit.
What one thing will u do differently today?
Filner says I just outlined my pension plan.
I'm glad Nathan has picked that one up from me.
Things that appear to be mutually exclusive: 1.
Feeding baby while 3yo is awake.
2.
Going to the bathroom while either child is awake.
this day in blues history: blues singer Ethel Waters born October 31, 1896
Ohright!
When u email nobody can read what you said like on facebook timelinecansuckit I wanna trend that
thank you!
Be sure to follow our FB pages and ESY blog!
Pinterest account coming soon...
And I wonder if u know what it means...
it was one tweet
very nice indeed mark!
What you need for thinking through your org's website: mood boards, typical audience professorles, and content priorities.
Kali has made it home.
His new and last home in Brooklyn with my roomie Talia and her dog, Nina.
Thanks to Fritz for roadtripping with me!
good alt 4 fried chicken!
Dip skinless chkn breast in spray butter roll in crushed rice krispies bake 350 till golden brown!
Weird question but how do you get on a cosmetic company's list for that?
I'd love to get press releases!
TY.
Vegas, Phoenix, Houston, Indianapolis,  Jacksonville were the Top 5 scanning cities in 's QR Code campaign
FF my fabulous reporter team: and Twitter derelict
I'm sad, too.
I'm glad it's raining here, it's a fitting tribute.
I loved mister Sendak's work.
If you tell I ask for too much then that means I'm too much for you..
Three Marriott partner Hotels are steps from the Start line!
Stay at Fairfield InnSuites/Spring Hill Suites/Courtyard Marriott
Tweet of the year
POTD is Airplane!, which I was reminded of by today.
If you have never seen this...why do you hate comedy?
1 day baby.
we like members of aa taking it 1 doctoram  a time until we have our nite in paris w/ the 1.
the 1 is all we need!
:
haha going through lines now!
when I answer say HEY ITS TYLER!
Where's my baby, ?
will do!
Bitches and hoes
Rest in peace, Ruth Fernandez, el alma de Puerto Rico hecha canción.
On my way to Astoria for some stout and cold weather!
Yay!!!!
I finally wrote in my WIP!
One thousand words!
Gosh, I feel good.
Love to you too!
AND ITS ON..GN
Got off work in time to run home and change then go to iyg :
Combo party.
Totally!!
2013
You must really like boosie .
Smh at you Marcus
Wanted to get back out for a D2L cocktail but the storm is gently suggesting I stay in.
Anyone in the actual hotel bar?
So excited for glee tonight.
Whoopi Goldberg is on this episode!
hey jay, great meeting you yesterday.
Let's keep in touch
Happy Bday to the Goat!
Michael Jordan!
Love the memories!.and the heart you always showed unmatched.
Unmatched!
im going to sleep im so tired goodnight xx
If my math is correct, that's an 180 run for the Spurs.
Get ready for Napa Hour!
5pm!
Need a band name  we mash up 70s bluesy rock with hip hop  4 guys and me  so far 'mantarts' and 'mixed nuts' are out.
ASECS12 Looking at sensibility discourse across trade networks between Caribbean and New York, through lens of a divorce trial.
out of cigarettes and its pissing me off
Sounds great, sign me up!!
Hi Kendoctor  great meeting you yesterday at Row 14.
Thought I was following you  oops!
That's been fixed.
:
Every time I get a 12 hoagie thinking I'll get 2 meals out of it I can't stop eating and just finish it all.
So good.
First class mail?!
yay!
From who?
The Senior Citizen's League.
this is my shit.
RT; if you read this;!
AHHahahahha
haha thanks.
I have until the 30th but I need that chick to reply or I'm gonna me shit outta luck.
have you written lately?
Just doctornkin' Hot Chocolate .
Clinton Pledges 25 Million for Net Freedom Fighters
RT Work In Your Underwear  Make 230 Paid Daily Using Twitter 100 Free!
Wait, I already do that and get my cock sucked!
Yay!
We look forward to having you Aimee!
oh i thinnk i meant to send that to
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 4: Team members should all look engaged, supportive and affirming from beginning to end.
Shower felt great
Reality Check: 79 boys did not like your picture because you're pretty, they liked it because your tits are hanging out, smh.
Comment section on Naright has lost it.
People, in all sincerity, are saying Lil B isn't getting his proper respect
thanks for following us!
we will be showcasing our collection Spring 2011!
Stay tuned!
Just finished c25k week 4 run 2 with GetRunning  31 minutes of exercise and 16 minutes of running.
Next run: Friday 27th.
I've consumed so many chocolatecovered espresso beans in the last month they've become their own food group.
I agree.
Conscious evolution is the only option.
Have a great day!
Indianapolis company donates supplies to Henryville school
I Hope She Beat This Bitch Ass !.
Thank you to Mark and the team at MSCO for my new Twitter skin!
Looks great!
hey, inbox me your num plz
Ugh, migraine
Photo shoot time!
I love my job!
:
Opening Night Party by Luxe Magazine at C.S.
Wo for the ASID OCC doctoram Home tonight
Darn that Joan Didion.
She made me cry again.
RT : Work for a cause, not for applause.
And we'd still have a few more years of WW2 to get through!
Finally the sensationalist media is acknowledging there is no Economic recovery
awww mattchu!!
I miss u too!!!: cant stop thinking about CALI!!
Boys II Men singing me to sleep.
Galaxy Tab makes a great Kindle!
Free amazon kindle app gives me all the books plus I can do email, browse web, play games :
much much worse
PASO Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on!
umm let's see...
If you like me by we the kings
Never in my life will I be able to curl my hair with a straightener.
Never ever never.
You need some clean protein like Ahi and complex carbs rice and rest!
followus SanJose eat healthy!
wow...4 home runs in one game,,,
A friend gave his life today for very ones who murdered him in Kurdistan, Iraq; he epitomized the msg of preemptive love
I need a crochet fairy to come visit my house tonight
Thanks and likewise!
Never stop!
I really like one word tweets
how often do you visit your library as a meeting place, for programming, or other library as community center interactions?
STOP!
I can't take any more blatant unethical abuse of public positions.
Happy Birthday!!
Enjoy this day in full!
Happiness?
That's nothing more than health and a poor memory
North Carolinians vote down gays tying knot.
Think marriage should be between a man and his sister.
Well, naturally.
But since I don't have any I settled for peanuts...literally.
Watching my lil brothers football game
it was totally a girls day :
thanks for the retweet!
These mfs killing me with these squares...smh
Martin why did you do that?
Because I lost my temper..
And your still important to me.
Why?
including the one they just built over here I think 5 now .
thanks for the RT Robert!
here we go
I went on a diet, swore off doctornking and heavy eating, and in fourteen days I lost two weeks.
in the car this weekend dude!
Omg.
Bout to fsu
Girl next to me wearing an all time low shirt hey what's up
iPhone users.
Yesterday got a yellow hazard logo appear on my screen  now phone wont charge or sync.
This is an iPhone 4 not jailbroken
Awake at 6 am?
Cuddle in bed on twitter.
will you be there Wednesday?
edumooc2 Wikitextbooks?
Where the students assemble the text over the course of the class
AskPSanders favorite tv show?
not at all.
We might be the only two though.
Congrats to on new gig w/  will have u wearing plaid in no time.
Happy the lord woke me up to another day :
Hot dammnit it's the weekend!
aw Nat you're too sweet!
Thank you!
:
Bo Burnham is gorgeously offensive.
Man people are coming down hard on Micheal Jordan  the Bobcats, but how many hall of players became good coaches?
Not Magic or Isaiah.
iPhone.
Do it for the fans ;
DailyHookahTip96: Do not run water down the hose to clean it.
This will cause corrosion in the hose and an unpleasant taste later.
D'OH now you tell me  lol
A lot of bitches with muk faces on my tL
Let's go Vancouver!
Were can i send my info
before when my mom me mycousins aunt and uncle when we got out of the car itold my mom beiconic and shesaid wat do u want lol
Donovan usa !!
Dave Eisert says hi.
And, you're doing twitter examples?
congrads u got 100 followers!!!
P.S.ur still a loser...
Silly boys.
it's hotter than hell this saturday....
3 red devil cocktails, dance with the devil contest, open bar 101am
Snoop Warren Rihanna...
alabama safety
Isn't this how we all spend our days?
;  RT : reading Law, Regulations, or other doctor manuals.
I didn't say have sex with it!
lol you'd get an STD.
Just a kiss with it :D
I can't believe made me watch such a terrible movie.
A kiss: To a young girl, faith; to a married woman, hope; to an old maid, charity.
we had guest appearances by and lol
wow...cant believe that.
Well it impressed me to see your tweet in SI.
RT : I love that sketch..thx brother
We have received your application to Confirmations will go out to registrants soon!
Looking forward to meeting you.
for now, until our next encounter
OT are ya with me?!?
follow back homie!
Final Score USC 17  Utah 14.
Fantastic and exciting 4th Quarter!
Great Game!
Fight On!
Light it up, like its dynamite
two beautiful performances 2nite, your rockers Amazing!!
uic lined up in the bowels of the pavilion about to march in for LAas commencement
I miss you bitch!
yeah there is some Star Wars in the mix for me as well as wine
Got the new Apple I Phone ?
Super say Rickey Lee Watson and listen to What I Love About America It's on Fire and sweeping the Country
yo its Carlos!
Follow back a me!
Buildmeasurelearn.
Repeat.
is around the show and ready to answer any questions.
Hit up their table to plan that next Ski trip.
sorry!
I saw your smiling face pop up when I was checking in..
guess what i got!?
depends on build out cost ect.
I would say that is on the higher end and could be a bit much.
You could work it with 200k
Shooting a commercial w/  baby Indie, in the morning!
thank you 
Trying to make it in boring ass Arlington!
Yes.
It's the 1loss scenario that's worrisome, although the rules governing the process need to be known first.
I don't know actually probably fucked hahaha :P
I didn't know you were managing too.
You're a busy guy!
I'm serious hun!
Moderation is key!
Brothers gotta eat haha
Can't wait for SF!
We all doctornk from wells we didn't dig; eat fruit from trees we didn't plant.
be ever grateful.
Agreed...
RT : Loved the NFL commercial.
Well done, and fun nostalgia.
Again, this is final game of the first round of the Big 12 Tournament.
NCAA Tournament positions also on the line.
AM to kick 1st.
you should try 's zucchini pickles  will bump it up higher on your list.
When we believe, we can achieve!
Kind of crazy, kind of awesome to think that hunger strikes are still a way to get what you deserve.
Chile es un pais de fuerza y solidaridad admirable.
I love you people!!!
ff Upcoming projects
yeah it should just be one night to collect the data.
I'm wishing you luck, hope they help you!
RT : You can't truly rest until every area in your life rests in God.
AW Tozer
!!!
RT : Ya proms gonna be wack compared to HVTs!
Only an hour left in this class .
Don't let today's deal pass you by!
Glow's site goo.gl/Le1J  20 gets you 40 towards ANY services!
www.crowdclick.com
yes SANG
Don't want you to be bummed?
Would you like a copy of the book?
wow i know 6th graders tht r like 5'6 there taller then both of us : lol
Facebook bought the wrong company, go get
Nair!!RT I willcut a check into itty bitty pieces an make you confetti...
thats all i got for you
And I thought I loved you then 
Watching the encore DWTS!!
Can't wait for tomorrow night!
Getting hyped up for my jam yo!
:O
Hey Tucker!
Are you busy on Sunday?
Maybe we can have one then 
I seriously don't like that nigga!!!
Filner says he has experience working in binational way.
The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession, what there is of it.
Ask her to go out to have fun it's either im busy or no son
real talk I'm annoyed so shut the fuck up
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
Lloyd Alexander
nice meeting you, albeit briefly.
Such foolishness only brings the gospel of Jesus Christ into ridicule and derision, all because some foolish old man thinks.....
Vote on Tuesday and get Walker out NOW.
It's really simple.
It's a checkmate move.
Use it!
Zavada: Head voice is your sighing voice, chest voice is sighing, belt voice is calling.
DM me your email addoctorss please
Love it!
Two of them sleeping at my feet right now :
R.I.P.
Don Cornelius
12 machines x12 reps, 2/3 normal weight, goal 12x12x2 reduced weight rest of Feb then full weights  reps to start March.
Rumor has it that Beat The Buzzer is going up to 1,500 tomorrow!!
4 US based league clubs are in CCL group stage
look on , they tweeted about it.
video arts or design i don't even know yet!
Who here likes the old MoTown music?
We love it!
Classics!
follow for all bella thorne news xo
Will you dare to divulge?
An instant musical revealed nightly.
The woman gives reason to be unfaithful, a man no.
Native app built for target platform.
Web app write once, pub once.
Our great weekly team call is TONIGHT 6pm EST.
JOIN ME!
Message me for the number.
What can it hurt?
The jacket my mom sent me smells like wood stove.
The smell of home.
You ready?
Our brackets need this.
I was kicking it to those old songs...
Glory to God alone
I think my boyfriend broke my back.
Vegas observation 4: Pretty sure I'm not the only one who has no idea how to play these penny slots.
Pull the lever?
Okay I can do that.
Nice.
I try to throw in Star Trek references when working with some of my team members.
Puck out of play at The Q goes into the club level...
Right near Don't see that every night
what's with you guys and sending everyone shitty porn?
good..
she can emilys cock
That song by Jackson 5, I'll always be there, is on American Idol right now.
thanks for the tip!
I live in a metro area and they don't service my neighborhood.
They offered dialup, time travel exits!
Kill the head and the body will die
it's now Dark brown instead of black ..:
D Rose and living the doctoram!
Thank you to everyone who came out to the show last night  supported the band.
It was great to see some familiar faces  some new ones!
I spent 1 hour Bowling.
224 calories burned.
Dirk Salomons of Columbia U asks whether unicef's traditional independence is affected when it's now tied to political positions of UNSC.
Thank you for spamming me ryan
SNOG, MARRY, AVOID?
Niall Horan, Tom Parker and Justin Bieber
im just gonna miss being so close with everyone : my whole grades like family
Republicans are the worst back seat doctorvers and armchair quarterbacks.
They always doctorve our country backwards and call the wrong plays.
Ha!
I see what you did there!
: HomicideCops are not Superstitious....
Just Stitious
Props to MY BROTHER for getting signed to THE ROC!!
I wish I had the chance to crack the book before they began casting roles for the film.
Although it does sound intriguing.
I may just try to sneak into the 's networking event tonight without paying.
That seems like a great conversation starter.
: I'm excited to see some new material soon : // soon and very soon!
Just me and you
please open the Q and have a celebration of the life of JuniorSeau Sunday or Monday night for his fans.
He's such a good creeper.
If the guys do anything that we don't know about, he'll find out
I agree with if manning is healthy and in good shape he would make any team a super bowl contender
still don't see ur red mustache here
Anyone els think last night was scary no power :
A journey is like marriage.
The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
John Steinbeck
I asked Nee Nee if I could take her out and she said no, I've been working hard enough so she is taking me out!!
I LOVE My Sisssy!!!
:D
He's already on final approach in Charlotte.
RT: For what?
RT staying in Cali tonight?
ive been good , just been writing and get ready to record these songs .
sorry im all late replying .
.
Vanier Park, 1100 Chestnut Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada
Peace lily presented to City Council re: peace resolution
I am honored to have following me.
Hi twitter.
I've been missing you!
But I can't seem to stress this enough to myself...
LIKE this status if you've seen Harry Potter  The Deathly Hallows.
What did you think?
Plan on a US trip anytime soon?
keep me posted!
nice....keep it up sschneebeck
Neverr trust a girl that says yolo
school school and school
The best part about being 21 is that even then you don't HAVE to do those things.
Am at a hippy concert in Grand Prairie,TX wishing I were Lisa Lampanelli's date
When is Sam gonna stop being a bitch and unblock me.
only change I would make to that movie is to have Kimble tell that story to the kids at nap time.
idol Ok, so no one is really talking about that rude comment that Hollie made to Colton when Jessica's vote off was revealed...
tacky!
Is it just a game i dont know..
I wanna pet piggy
hm sounds sneaky!
She emailed to say our papers were graded  in our boxes.
I wish she would have emailed the grades.
I've been waiting for AfterLaughter forever.
I can hardly wait.
: 
Great wifv dc boot camp today at Discovery!
I only got a 7.
Must aspire to more snark.
I have entered weirdsgiving.
Finally.
Looks like the BGC is going to start playing in the Blacklight sandbox!
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort.
Full effort is full victory.
Mahatma Gandhi
Maybe my last tweet !!!!
Maybe
People are not what they say, they are what they do
ChickFilA for dinner!
score 
Any time guys, always a pleasure.
Have a great weekend.
RT Thanks  for joining today on !
Thank you!
So are we!
Haha, you're the best.
I'm with holds up her glass
Expired toppings?
Did they not just open?
When Im on modcloth I put twenty things in my basket chuckle then tear up and hit the X
Merry Christmas to all, and may God Bless you.
I proclaim his WORD!
Everything has changed 4 ME!
While Metallica has been covered briefly for Oh Yeah/Oh No!, I think they may be worthy of a lengthy discussion.
Galveston was fun.
I be thinking too much
Coming Monday!
RT Excited to take on as editor of vox, be ready for a future of who stole the Cheetos from the vending machine.
Hey wat u think about a scrolling digital social media trinitron type of scoreboard Wrigley ?
Unable to reply via DM without a follow, love.
U2  Magnificent  06:24 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Nevermind my day just FAILED .
Good, then the Cubs' goal was achieved RT : Cubs signing Mike MacDougal to a minor league deal makes me feel so much better
Live To Give Week 4  Buy A Stranger Something at Random  www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Your generosity knows no bounds.
Seriously.
I HATE attack campaigns.
They all suck!
Tickets are sold out for the Julie Andoctorws event.
For those that have their tickets, we look forward to seeing you!
Happiness is reallife Choose Your Own Adventure!
Check out and find delight in exploring new places!
As many others have stated, Obama is probably evolving on equality today because if not, the interview would be pointless.
Makes sense.
hey dan bob lew here congrats on award
sorry to hear about your resident.
it is always hard.
hope your week gets better.
blogging.
if i can remember how.
come down here bro and let's get it.
I'm always on it
This is not the love that it should be.
But I know it can be.
tbh that illuminati video made me wanna watch The Edge Of Glory
Help cover the Iranian bloggers.
Change your Twitter settings : location to Tehran, time zone to GMT 3.30.
today's lunch...conv ctr?
Time?
At the show.
Yay.
:/ lol When can this be done?
Right.
Downplay, downplay, downplay.
It's a full house and we've been looking for 45 minutes for a seat and it's useless.
No one will help.
WHEN EVER SOMEONE SMILES  U.
DNT TAKE IT WEIRD.
EXCEPT IT, AND TREASURE IT.
Good thing my date is 6ft 
Who offers organic veggie delivery in Albany ?
The Unicorn Slayer is killing with the  1 spot on CC250 !!!!
Thank you
Always thinking of the future, never thinking of the past.
Portland Trail Blazers and Providence Health  Services join the Save Portland PE Coalition!
saveportlandpe
god damn it i didnt tag you
As a nonprofessort theatre rep I have a bit of technolust after some of these awesome tools that are financially out of my reach.
What rumor?
Your link didn't work.
Breaking News: The Round Table Pizza on Geary has a new Mazda 3 as their delivery car.
At the hospital:
EBusiness and Commerce,Multicultural Issues in International Business..
been eating choc
yeah, good follow.
Almost every tweet is about how great his book is though.
But I think it worked cause I want it.
Definitely didn't need the jacket today!
I don't know what to wear any more.
Wardoctorbe!
Selena Gomez Rocks NY State Fair  and a Very Special Bracelet  Celebuzz
well you should sign off the chat!
Special thanks to and the entire ADPR4300 class.
My heart was warmer than a by the time we finished.
me too!
holla at me when u got dat deposit!
Lol
It's you, you're weird.
:
Great catch!
Im in love with your personality and smile.
Is that to weird?
xD
shoutout to the lady in the speedway buying a 40oz of Cobra at 9am.
AMNESIA: A condition that enables women who have gone through the torture of childbirth to have unprotected sex again.
Very Super COOL.
Check out our tweets most with our musical vision attached, We Call it POP JAZZ New Sounds, TRB
that's awesome we just added maps to the emails.
The realization that paddling season starts in January.
NIce!
About time, I thought you deserved one for Control Alt Del.
I really thought you were banging that computer, you were that great.
already on it homie
Cleveland is not making a good first impression on me.
The airport anyway.
The moon is so pretty tonight!
hey u officially moving to NYC ???
So glad we finally met IRL!
Too bad is in DC though!
Mens best successes come after their disappointments.
lmao I guess it's never to early to sleep.
:p are you waiting for something ?
Open Room Change Period Starts Today!!!!
The clinic that sportingkc is putting on right now is taking the pain away from this royals losing streak
you as well!
I really aint trying to doctorve to franklin then back to smyrna for these banquets!
after reading that article on Animaniacs, I now have that theme song running through my head.
Nice job hangin' in there!
What time do you tee off tomorrow?
I was getting really jealouse./;
there are some companies that already offer that but they're lame.
An exchange and sharepoint expert can set up the same thing
Shocked and dismayed to see how many ferrets need adoption.
People should research before ggeting a pet.
Ferrets aren't as cuddly.
Thanks for making contact!
Perfect timing!!!
awesome, keep up the great work man!
dang, I hate school!
I personally think Atlanta dont know if they want to be a power running team or a high scoring vertical team with their Jones/White tandem
Idk why it happens but sometimes i feel Disconnect.
The Engineer for God
Have a bachelorette party to figure out by tomorrow night.
This is gonna be a difficult task seeing as I cant plan what to do normally.
CAN'T WAIT!!!
I am at the pool at the Mirage right now waiting for !!
This freaking amazing and so r these stiff raspberry lemonades!!!
RIP Mike Jones good thing it's February cuz that niggas history
Life is not about people who act true to your face.
It is about people who remain true behind your back!
TRUTH!
:
Who doesn't fucking love cookie dough?
this is all about to get serious.
jk .
were only in jr.
high.
what's up cutie
what does the son do for a living?
Happy Friday everyone : enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend!
I'm in a bit of a pickle whats you number missy?
I need your help!
:
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I feel like slamdunking in the middle office right now.
Only hoes and sluts use the phrase Y.O.L.O....
Smh...
Just cuz u live once dnt mean sht so stop!
G2g follow me
you are the greatest.
Today was a lazy day.
Now off to work!
If you interupt my story to correct a minor detail you can
Can I marry u doctorke????
It's a major award.
It was our pleasure!
Went straight from work to Monona Terrace...
I can do this...I am qualified...I'm eager to learn and make my mark...PLEASE hire me.
Fingers, toes, legs and arms  all crossed...
And tomorrow we'll go back to bein friends
I wanna fck you like an animal.
I wanna feel you from the inside.
not yet, still waiting on paperwork to process.
but hopefully november?
maybe october if i'm lucky.
Record store day.
It's magical like unicorns.
A bus ride isn't a bus ride unless there's someone doctornking a bottle of wine and talking to him/herself
Ha!
This made me snort...
Good Morning...
Happy Saturday
I spent 30 minutes doing Wii Sports.
112 calories burned.
Kinda wish my boyfriend wasn't high most of the time :/
She is married w kids now
thanks for sharing, Mick, and thanks for writing, Aaron.
Take the quotation marks as a compliment, please.
Today's Openhack with guest Erik Spangler is canceled due to
The awkward moment when you think its raining outside you run to go tell your family only to find out the sprinkler hit your window
I'm good...
Voxer me later
laying out today at rachels then work at 3.
u r such a hater G.
Happy Friday gals!
Another RArelated post on the way
thats our cousin Jeff...
Sometimes no matter how many prayers we pray or how many tears we shed or how many hearts get broken
Note on Michael Whitmore's talk: engaging but impossible to reduce to tweets.
www.twistaid.com/news !
Content, container, and concept of libraries.
girl we are twins!!!
Hahahaha mental twins 
There's always that one hair that thinks its cute to stand up..
I was born to make mistakes, and I'll die with all of my lessons learned.
.
.
Thank you for the RT!
Have a great day!
youre missing out on a pizza party!
Asst professorElaine Yuan's work on Community in Modern Societies:A culturalist critique of online community in new media studies at ICA 11
Im the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Genesis 1:1 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all.
Amen Revelation 22:21
Justin beiber and iconic boys!?!?
LOL!
RT : MC Hammer just liked one of my pictures on Instagram!
Please positive minded people unite!
It's a conservation risk assessment report  making recommendations on policies, etc.
hey , so tomorrow i have a basketball game , I promise to make a shot for you if you wish me luck ?
:
yeah it is xD
Today went rly well: I'm so happy u and I are best friends again3
had your dad on Wake Up Wisconsin prior to your senior day.
Biggest hands I've ever seen.
Just saw the biggest frog/toad of life o.o
Checking out Film Socalisme tonight can't wait for Godard's new provocations...
keep digging!
lots of games left.
seems i am the last speaker before doctornks next week.
works for me.
Someone had to teach them prim n propers what not to do;
Full day: Meals on Wheels; meeting contractor at house in escrow; picking up a commission check; writing counter offer; prop searches :
: your wrong Son in Spanish  EstosHuevos with an H ok I know, but add a j and its H
No Sponsoring Required Yet You Can Get Paid Residual Income...
www.YourTimeToAct.com
A Happiest Birthday to my Crush !!!
Hope your day is Amazing ; xo
that was really amazin.i no how you feel.
It's not Jesus, it's Marni!
Extra innings are destroy my sleep schedule.
Rangers are gonna mess it up tomorrow.
Jose is on it!
RT : McCarverism RT : home runs should not count if you lose and count doble if you win
Basically, it's a subcontinental version of a Not Adam and Steve argument.
Actually, being married is like eating your favorite food everyday, after a couple days your like like, fuck this lasagna, I want a taco!!
We've started our Capitol Improvement Fund debate: 21,900 to spend!
Exec.
Board will meet Wed.
to narrow the list to 10!
My MISS ZIBA GIRL 2009 celebration is tonight at 7pm in Glendale
Retweet if you wanna be in my bio .
RIT grad presents as part of
EXACTLY..
OMGOMG cos i did a bunch of cleaning and shit today and my dad was happy and he wasnt pissed when he found out :D
Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago.
Well the house is rocking!!!
We have food, fun and entertainment tonight!
dude ur missing the whole point.
It's just my opinion cuz I watched him as a kid then he feed everyone the bs he did
RT Great day at ABQ Botanic Gardens.
doctorp by to celebrate National Public Gardens Day!!!
Stop in tonight to watch the Packers MNF game!
We got 2 tall boys all night!
Also, RT this for a chance to win free dinner tonight!
Yeah!
I'll dig those pics up for you along with my Beastie Boys photos.
Weren't you there with me in the pit for that?
Orioles join Joe Saunders in abrupt return trips to Earth.
Chatroulette is scary.
Pedophile paridise.
I guess if you want to get flashed it's a great place to be.
I thought they were having opps 4 fans 2?
I hope so!
Will try like crazy 2 win :
Good morning,misterAry,teachers and friends.
Heheh
look at the windows
I've been craving a sandwich all week.
I am restructuring all my meals so I can have one for dinner.
has certainly taken over
emailed my g, she said some weird stuff but all in all cool with it, just wants me to go home for Christmas.
rulesoftwitter don't hash tag everytime u tweet I hate that
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do.
Roy L.
Smith
8:21.
Just arrived at Spence Farm.
The sun is a shining and the winds a blowing!!!
Heat got blowed out.
dc nonprofessort lawyers: looking for a great summer law student intern?
i have a few good ones!
DM me if you are interested.
Looking to help all with your ac repairs or questions.
Please follow
Paul George just made wade or lebron look bad
I do this for the luv of music, I make no doe, so I have no reason to bullshyt anybody
Wow Jenelle was dumb for taking Kieffer back only to have him break up w/ her fail  Adam is so disrespectful to Chelsea
Up and ready for a fun day at the job..
but first, gotta hit the shops!
yes..
what ya need?
Gonna have to go with Bell Boy.
Keith on lead vocals  awesome
LRT I remember it used to get me hyped before games on JV lol
Hahaha.
Yeah, except he isn't wearing clothes...
oh haha I see damn lol and yea maybe I'll get a hold of her tomorrow
Wait, you're allowed to DH for anyone?
I'm skinny on the inside
A rash of burglaries in Central Austin...APD is urging everyone to lock their doors.
What a bitch.
Weeden, McCoy, Wallace, Brown, Thomas...
Who's the odd man out in Cleveland?
Plot points of a somewhat entertaining movie missed because of
I love Janet's blog!
YAY!
It's going to be a blast!
:
RT : We are a family place, a great date spot BUT you haven't been  the bar yet...there are singles here ; 
The deeper you go, the deeper it goes.
Jordan Weisman, on The Beast ARG.
needs your help!
Send an email to all Senate  House leaders in Tally with your support of HB99  SB202!
We need your help!
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the stonebags  Kanye West3
The smartest name in the industry.
CG Philosophie The Cerebral Approach to Fitness...
Performance at a high school with dim lights trying to juggle hahaha........
Naomi from the country of Moab.
7She said, Please let me glean and gather among the sheaves behind the reapers.
She has been Torah 32
John Mayer just took the stage to play background guitar for Buddy Guy at GRAMMYs on the Hill .
Amazing cool,
Oh.my.gosh.Becky.look at her butt.
XD i love that part
Some times, your thoughts are the last things you want to think
: Tweets will b unlocked promptly at 12 tonight until Monday morn stfu .
Rock on ladies!
Watching John King fondle my home state Ohio on the screen is awkward.
you are amazing.
Emo girls are hot!
I am so, so sleepy.
But it was all worth it.
Robbie Cano don't you know!!!
lol this was supposed to go to my twitter ....
Mixed up the 12 but focused on frosted with sprinkles, boston cream, double chocolate, etc!
:
Just saw in today's Dharma Doodle that you were at 's talk at I was there as well!
Amazing experience!
nice to meet you...
I dnt even like the UK....
me sam im lovely !!
mega!!!
I want a smoothie...but it's too late to leave the house
Happy birthday stevie :
I love your hairstyle...
Jajaja
Here's a great article about the work being done in Weinland Park by the Weinland Park Collaborative which is made up of over 20...
yes.
Cause the other ones are in the other bottle.
Had a dealer so excited about Gemeinhardt he signed up as an official Gemeinhardt dealer for the first time in all his years in the business
Yeah!: Your a doctormmer?:
...there's a big difference between afraid of commitment and not wanting to commit to the wrong one
Watching football
My mom made French toast :' ah:D
It's going to be a long day.....
Me too!
I am always amazed by decision makers in large organizations try to conduct efforts in a vacuum  that it will work.
Be happy for others success because the reason they do it is for YOU!
You're their strength, their inspiration, and their love.
oh yeah;
So over it
Busy all dayyour updates kept me in the know re what happened with the billTHX!
lol thats your department not mine :p
EBoard nomination meeting.
T minus 75 minutes!
6109 Anglin doctorve, Forest Hill, TX, 76119
Gonna rock a little tonight...
San Francisco is such a beautiful place
Now she want a photo, you already know tho'
You should!
You're welcome!
If the ROC bug bites again, let us know what kind of newdigs you're looking for.
We'd love to help.
I'm  the gym, need to get some jump shots up and some conditioning badly.
I won't embarrass myself next week
Last day of school
a lioness memory is sharp as her bite and last like a missing limb...forever
I wouldn't want to put grip tape on it!
Haha
True that
Gary Ross isn't going to be directing Catching Fire.
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
Any more info on who will be?
Morning Lovelies!!
Hi Ross!
We're you able to read the email we sent you about yesterday?
We can send it again if you need it!
OMG i used to do that so damn much when i was in 8th grade.
idk why it was just 8th grade though thats the strange thing lol xD
My long awaited order from Haiti has apparently made it to BWI.
Good Friday Morning!
Begin with the end in mind.
doctor Stephen Covey
Good morning gorgeous sunshine!
It's midweek  the motivation, energy  momentum are knocking at the door to a whole new level.
Let's Go!
but that's not the issue tonight.
Wade is cold.
Even if Bron wanted him to play 2nd fiddle he couldn't.
lol
That's awesome!!
Congrats!
are you friends with wentworth?
Yay, glad we did you right!
Be on the lookout for a followup email.
good morning Stan.
Interesting thoughtthose who are visually impaired cannot use ereaders.
Something to keep in mind with digital textbooks
2 more days , I can do this.
Make a wish.
Take a chance.
Make a change.
Thank god for walmart and coinstar
Good luck to all the students finishing up their term papers  gearing up for finals.
CONGRATS to those who will be graduating!
Well, I was gonna recommend that you work on your short game...
But I think you oughta get doctornk.
where at?
calling all unsigned rappers,producers,singers,  POTENTIAL models join our Team via email your info We GOT work!
dating my ex again haha I actually did miss the little rascal :P
what it do bro
well it's 5 minutes till 1for me!!!
What is everyone's plans for Friday night?
RT : I really liked the 's today!!!!
You picked good choices to put on the website, Frank Warren!
snow in october?
Omg I got to go to partycity to buy costumes for the girls..I can imagine the crowd!
Enjoy your lunch
O.O THEY DID!!!!
EEEEWWWWW.
GONA HAVE TO TALK TO THEM BOUT THIS STUFF THEN!
I DONT GET IT
I need V.I.C.
in Dayton, OH.
LAUGH OUT LOUD
as am i.
Saints really didnt deserve to win with 5 turnover tho.
Either way amazing game
rocked it  UCLA, UNF,  Purdue!
Inspire those to find the perfect internship!
Bring her to campus to speak!
I think as a female.as your age increases.u should decrease dancing with your hands on your knees........
Does anyone else want a Nike fuelband but you're not really sure why??
There's gotta be some subliminal marketing being done.
Letters to juliet: LAME
Happy Easter to u too!
Done with examss!!!
People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women.
Author Unknown
SECO2010.com is now up and running!
Check out the website to see preliminary event information.

Thank you!
Enjoy the game and don't forget, we're giving away Yankee tix and apparel on our FB: www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
The wildest thing about Tel Aviv is how many cats there are.
They are everywhere  trees, roofs, through the markets, etc.
It's hilarious!
Nobid contracts?
MT : Gov.
Scott: Thanks to him, we implemented many positive changes to the way Florida does business.
Ugh....ok ok...
Ill admit it...
U pick da fine time: secrettweet;
BandsILove  Journey, AC/DC, Fleetwood Mac, The Eagles, Aerosmith, The Beatles 3
: MentionTo your friend who still listens to Jonas Brothers.
Someone nbox me!!:
Really looking forward to This weekend!
Newcastle losing, so it's okay for arsenal, wouldn't mind hospur losing though
Steeler game anouncer Randy Cosgrove resigned.
Who should be the next Heinz Field game anouncer voice ??
?
Sometimes it is just the proper application of fire to ass in order to get what you desire.
thanks for stopping in!
I can't believe I didn't bring weed for or D:
I feel sorry for the 8th graders who are flying to DC.
I mean sure flying is convenient, but let's be real, the bus was the best part!
Trust pretty fucked up !
CN: we've been in survival mode my whole career.
We've been losing on defense.
It can start with just a few people.
im extremly exited cause i love watxhing u act it gives me inspiration as well as te other cast members!
...geeking out on the special features.
So good.
Why.
Why do boys make the duckface in their pictures?
its bad enough that girls do it.
Experience and maturity will come with time
mister Tambourine Man!!!!
Nice to see your coverage of racial sensitivity re: DeNiro extends to the Trayvon Martin case as well.
Oh wait...
not a great song choice there's no melody and Joshua is just adding lots of melisma
plus I never seen u with kicks on anyway.
I already miss you, but you are where you need to be..
Opening day at Wrigley is always full of hope!
:
Damn she pulled my neck all the way back.
Got my nose hurting.
hey nothin much just got off work n now spendin time with my family.
I will try n see if it works.
Ty hon.
if its enough to warrant even the slightest rain delay thou its over i think.
How did I end up in a session about designing cool fast food t shirts?
Next!
I'm from the guernsey shore.
Quick rules: Questions for todays chat go Q1, so respond to each question A1  dont forget to add indieview to each comment!
Spin class with Linny just kicked my butt.
Her class is always the best though :
will do Mike!!
Pm me the email!!!
We have jacuzzi suites avaialable and Romance Packages for the upcoming weekend.
your answers make me lol ie gpa and 1st job in 140 characters.
see you on Today tmister !
Beverly Hills is where we are going to be.
well they betta let back in bro
thanks for telling the story.
I really appreciate it.
thanks for letting me know.
I have about 70 cappers posted so far today with FB into the weekend with a small consensus on the dog in tonights ESPN game
Vanilla cream doctorPepper.
I hate school I mean seriously I only come here to see my friends!
If it was up to me I'd only come like 3 days a week haha
Ahh, Finally home!!
Can't wait to open presents Christmas morning...
Wait!
What am I talking about...
It's not even Christmas Eve.:
can't find a single connection between AtlantaNewYork but hello from Atlanta.
Wait what happened with iCarly??
doing some crazy tumbling tonight and working on the balance beam.
It's been 6 years since I've done a front flip on the beam!
: You ain't shit if you didn't have AOL when they were by the minute!!!
he'll yeah they u to bombard ya mailbox with dem cds
Be glad you missed 1940census yesterday.
It was not working well for the genealogy community.
Sounds better today.

Congrats on the nice professorle in the RBJ this week.
Great to hear about good stuff happening in
only 3 more days of French.
and I'm done:
they shouldn't leave their houses wide open like that hahahaha
Building sets today.
Holy smoly!
Lots to do, but my friend Jim who worked on Lost is going to help on Monday.
Yes!
seriously wtf is wrong with people i swear they get off on making fun of others
Mitsubishi eclipse:
cant wait to see
Remember kids: U shudent put ur number on twiter
thanks for the follow  love to hear more about your services for
Yay!!!
RT : You guys, one week until Mad Men.
All right, and I are watching the Lakers game so no spoiling HIMYM for me!
selfemployed...three times over lol.
Thanks for recommending WeSeed to learn about the stock market!
Did you know you can also post trades directly to Twitter?
I wish i had someone to talk to
Please vote for my organization in the Chase American Giving Awards competition!
vote.globalkids.org
And so the Super Bowl commercials begin...
Thx to reader Pierre Menard for that last one!
RT: If it ain't white...it ain't Right
hiya Diana...can you Pleeeeeeeeeeasssseeeeeeee give us some news on your album release date...OR, tell us WHY you can't give
Anyone get affected by the tornado??
Who's ready for the Hilltoppers tomorrow?!
Every Phil's Friends care package comes with spiritual, personal care, and soothing items to bring hope to those going through cancer.
7Eleven If you love you some glazed donuts, youll love some glazed donut holes!
Now on sale!
why on Earth didnt we think this earlier?
You're right; it's a big change in mission of fyc and assumptions about what is taught when.
So the idea is radical  wise.
Do more talk less weedoctorpweerock!!!
Our tribe was inspired by the Movember movement.
Check out our latest blog post: builtforman.com
yeah and dont be sad ik how you feel.
now its time to hit up the good old malls lol
Don't miss your chance to win!
Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to Tweet about us wins the Red Neck Care Package!!
qrcodes are everywhere this holiday season!
they have increase in awareness by 3000 from 2010, wait to see how we use them
let's do a shot of cabo wabo and wrestle!.
great session on retaining talent from and at
Brain swelling virus?!?!
See what Adam Jones does this year.
Then if you want to sign him, sign him.
If not, trade him.
What's the issue?
it's all about them giants!
lol we miss your sarcasm and your funny random remarks!
Nice presentation and on building your personal brand favorite quote: content is queen...consistency is king
I liked what I saw against the knicks, he has definitely been hot
you and me both, you and me both :/
Hope all is well and look forward to our next spirited debate!
We miss having you in studio but hope youre enjoying the road
Straight out the fryin pan right into the Pilot's Flame, think I might try again, maybe cuz I like the Pain
Congratulation to 's very own on his new bundle of joy!
We all wish you and your family the very best!
Well, don't tell US.
Tell HER!
Get the bill passed now or resign!!
I'll bring the spray paint and helmets.
RT : You make a good point.
My rock band, is playing in New York, Friday, April 6.
We are releasing our first CD!
good stuff  ya we were at SXSW it was unreal!
great people and great fun actually still hangin out for the music portion
That's so true and wanna put they nasty finger in ur mouth negativeRT : i just wanna f.ck don't kiss me.
I would love to hit up the ridge if I didn't have class
Time to start a revolution!!
www.allgreenoilrefiner.com
I nominate Torres as man of the match!
Lol
didn't see any fireworks, but movies on Carl's 60 or 70 something inch HD are AWESOME!
Casey Anthony is sentenced to 4 years and 4,000 in fines.
WOW, what do you guys think?
Thank you!
I just hope Dani isn't lying to Jordan!
The targets should be Brenchel anyway, takes out a HUGE threat and still leaves one in the game too!
oh  How trendy lookin!
:
muslim beliefs
Dear girl in MMUG with your full belly showing.
This is not your house have some decency.
WHAT?!
You me E apt shop, we back Tues.
aight x
Wow, Donald!
That's Why You Didn't Text Me Yesterday You Were Being Nasty.
That boy with glasses?
He has feelings.
That girl with acne?
She has feelings.
Feelings are fragile and its not cool to bully ; hurt them
Instagram is interesting but 1B worth of interesting?
Come on Brew crew.
I want to go to bed dammit.
It's getting a little cloudier here in Kenosha, but so far no storms!
I'm here talking about Rep Paul Ryan.
Should he run for VP?
off topic but nice septum :
: RT : So cool to doctorve home late after epic good news day  see purple billboards on Biz80.
Thx
goodgood.
And I'm fine : missed me?
Hahaa
We have no plans of selling it.
Your memories are safe with us!
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria  and warned the country's president to stop.
Omg yay !
jessica
I'm starting to realize that every thing pretty aint good for me.
Cuz I B High.
Where the pretty girls at?
I know!
lol
That boy bones socked ole boy up!!
that would be great!
i like where my life is going..
the people i'm hanging out with now are making me better
would you like to explain what that has to do with me?
follow back please
You were right about Galen Rupp...he did go to Central Catholic HS.
Joe was mistaken.
:
Serious??!!
Live game every time!!
Many leaving on a march now
I work for CommVault now.
and on new follower day, too!
sorry new guys!
ugly,
Yea but I'm 2 legit 2 quit so I keep trying Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
a local group they were pretty dope would have been better if the crowd wasn't so irritated but they held it
LOL.
Not after last night.
Elise committed Idol Suicide by singing Jimi Hendoctorx.
check out my NEW WORK section at WWW.RLIMAGING.COM more updates to come soon...
Nate dogg the best that ever did it!
5th Avenue?
Wow
Things that rhyme with orange.
don't mind that pick at all.
Happy trails Dixon!
Join me for this event: ASISNCC Annual Scholarship Night
Tomorrow's headline: Tebownian Sect claims date of rapture was miscalculated.
Again.
Singersongwriter Josh Ritter  Politics  Prose Thursday to sign copies of his book Bright's Passage
Thank you!
tf?
Who throws a closed can away
There is a mysterious squeaking coming from our office ceiling....hopefully a baby alligator didn't get loose!!
Gen.
Alexander's message to Cyber Command team: Go faster.
Need a good ole Eugene trip
Hahaha xD it's that ghetto talk!
o freakin m g : im jealous
Mostly.
Mostly for good.
Early line on Kentucky/Kansas?
6.5?
that 3 by garnett just made someone a lot of  and/or made someone so angry right now
Colombelle Rouge: juicy fruits with a bit of bell pepper to it.
Nice earthiness to it as well.
Happy Sunday Fans!
Today was amazing!!!!
Period:
oh wait yes
haha !
Amazing.
Lol I can't believe you didn't know ..: hah
Summer reading: Jack Kerouac's lost novel The Sea is My Brother, actually written 7 yrs before Town and City; hints of On the Road.
yea I knew wat u was talking about lol
Going to sign up for a account and see what this is all about.
I love new socialMedia Tools.
Bad news it is only an app
we have been told by MTA that they are not allowed to assign doctorvers to runs  so if no one picks it, it does not get filled
yes!
We'll text later this week ad work something out.
Its not so much what we don't know that gets us in trouble.
It's what we know that isn't so!
Note to the city of LA: CUBE Cafe and Marketplace is now closed on Mondays.
Sixteen orders later, our office PA learned the hard way.
Awe : I hope you feel better soon
I think I might have to read that.
damn dude, my writer hasn't responded to my email and I'm stuck with the art.
D:
I wonder if feels stupid now that she realizes Suzie effed up
take the train next time
thanks for the shout out!
where are you from?Do you have any skate videos?
We may just be able to work something out.
Looking for skaters to sponsor.
I need a fresh ass cut today.
I might hit Willow Brook Mall too.
me and are jamming out to some :: looooveitt that's what's up!!
rbs11 Jonathan Larson papers at LC: emulation of his disks revealed edits in his writings, including in Rent.
Nice.
: Hanging at The Marvel Bar with  Brilliant cocktails found.
aam2012
Got done at the gym time for some writing.be sure to get a shirt b4 theyre gone!
I think this outline for book 2 is melting my brain.
Fri nights at the Palace in Stallis!!
Funky Dino and Lord Albert!
One night only!
LMFAO.
RT : alot of jerry talk today.
haha.
my fans are wild.
Good afternoon, everybody, just back from brunch with my dad and stepmom.
Very nice indeed!
Happy Easter to you all too!
i haven't creeped 's twitter page in a while lolololololol
males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
Are u trying to be delivered or discret?If you want to be delivered you need to expose the problem.Being discret can only delay the victory.
Enter on the way of training while the spirits in youth are still pliable.
Easter Break!!
OK, musician status probably downgraded: got my hair cut!!
that's easy, just always have pizza.
Ha.
as I sit here at this awards show, I'm reminded of how my last day with you was my first day with
Can't go to see on the 22 bc of my brother's wedding, but my mom can buy me tickets to the Phillies game for the same day?
If it bleeds, it leads.
filled w/huge pix of MayDay violence; nothing re hours of PEACEFUL protest.
nf sexy ass TEAMFOLLOWBACK she's a
BrianWesbury to LPR2011  when a plane crashes  does anyone question Bernoulli?
NO!
Capitalism is like fluid dynamics, it works.
So much for the new overtime rules.
No Super Bowl rematch this year at least.
Go Packers!
Just made the baby a bottle.
I sure do love that baby o' mine.
Vintage Craig Counsell
10 minutes into Allman Bros' Jessica and it's not even half over.
I have a brandcrush on Great service with every order.
NYRangers vs.
Caps, NYMets vs Phillies, NYKnicks vs Heat and Yankees vs TampaBay  big NY sports fans evening on tap!
And weneverlandedonthemoon Carl.
your dual credit things haha a packet
Would you guys follow for me?
: She's awesome.
If you like my tweets, you'll like hers.
Having a great conversation with social media strategist She's doing awesome work.

no ma'am apt indeed lol
Today we roast weenies y partake in fiestaing..what's the over/under on b boys shirts in the crowd and tributes on stage?
iLove Twitter :D
Thank you for following me  I look forward to your tweets!
The most beautifulest thinkg abt the trip?
The Savages have NO CLUE they are going.
Horrible sinus headache was abated by an afternoon nap and ibuprofessorn.
Went to Hessler Street Fair meeting.
Ate some soup at bac.
Long day.
I really love video gonna love u..
It has a great message to all the fathers out there taking care of their childoctorn
Came back home from demon monkeys in Taiwan
Jimmy who?
There was someone else on the screen?
;
In Enchede Netherlands
easier to label than point out the exact error in my reasoning...do the heavy.
Lifting and point out the error if I made one
thanks for the follow!:
Sports: The Bears Sign Julius Peppers and Chester Taylor!!!
Holy Crap!!!
Am I Awake This Morning Or Am I Still doctoraming???
Unbelievable!!!
Who will chef the Boyardees?
U know where to find us...
Every time I use an airport restroom, I consciously keep a narrow stance.
Happy Sunday everyone!
There's no way out till you let me in.
If OWS wants Facebook to be owned by the users, why don't they create a site like Facebook and give it to the users?
Fck them outsiders
Good catch.
And if you have a problem with my last tweet, then that's your own fault.
You know who you are, if you were involved with any of that crap.
so god
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson  Johnson Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
btw I airguitared, lipsynched, and did my own wave when you played here.
Stop doctorggin was a true highlight.
TY
I'm so tan!
I love you sun3
Swimming with sharks
I will now, thanks for the reminder : RT: : Have u voted for yet its to get them on warped tour!
htt ...
Michele Bachman just received her Swiss citizenship.
Yes, Teaparty 'patriots', this happened!
Seriously.
If you don't use it I DEFINITELY will...nobody loves a good rape joke like I do.
The plainer the doctorss, the greater luster does beauty appear
Classic cardiac Ohio finish  and this is just the first game of the Big Ten tourney...
M!
Diet doctor Pepper!
My favorite!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW UNPRODUCTIVE IT IS TO FALL IN AND OUT OF YOU AS OFTEN AS I DO!!!1!
Libra are best w a partner  their side  will always be assessing the relationship.
Put their mind  ease w beautiful surroundings  music
Lakers won we will see yall tomorrow
Emergency Depends alert!!
LOL!
Looks like a bumble bee springer
hahaha.
yeah..
the only reason i'm still on fb is because a majority of my friends are still on fb.
B poke wars..
Glad to see you are up and at'em,, gonna be as the Beatles are singing, a Good Day Sunshine...
weekend looks wet,, walker
Perfect day for a gambol!
HIGH FIVE.
When my dad starts singing Call Me Maybe with me  ...i have taught him well.
I would text you, but I don't want to annoy you.
I giggle every time Living Social sends me an email about facials.
ugh mane this movie im watching is something else im taking break im getting on oovoo
lucky ass lol
i'm hungry.
rock chalk jayhawk!
RT : Love is deaf.
You can't just tell someone you love them.
You have to show it.
Soundcard ?
lol, i record my music in studios, this summer im actually heading up to boston to record at time bombs studios
Don't forget to rinse after you brine!
Let's us now how it works out!
oh i better watch out my sister said she can hire someone to kill me.
Tuesday: All unsigned talent report to Club Pyramid, NYC  8P.
Be prepared to start 2012 the right way, performing 2 of your best songs!
15
for how long ?!
Just discovered is responsible for the Ask a Grown Man videos.
Too bad Seventeen never had that feature when I was growing up.
I am loving the RogerHowarth and scenes.
I am a real estate broker in Manhattan.
Do you like to see the info of that kind townhouses in Manhattan?
The United States Customs and Border Protection agency is responsible for arresting individuals who attempt to illegally enter the U.S.
Sunny days are gonna come for you
This Laker game is too crazy!!!
nice !
That helpful.
!
yay!!: 3 are Freddie and Sam gonna date this season?:
Loving my new Honda Odyssey!!!
Go insane.
Go insane.
Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Listening to Buidling a CausePassionate Army by
i want the sun to come outt :
sfgiants freezing yes wearing hoodie  long sleeve shirt  tshirt  huge big heavy fleece
Junior Seau found dead in his home.
Suicide.
Wow.
I HATE THE COPS!!!
IDGAF I WANNA GO HOME FOR ONE HOUR BUT I HAVE TO STAY WITH MY GRANDPARENTS!!
UGH STUPID CPS LAWS
Let's go Badgers!
Bring it home Bucky!
Dubai awaits me!
refreshing you tweets every second for the link : x
: Looking for a good tat artist person thingy lol...
Who's good in Indy?
tat artist person thingy..ha!
This party has whole bunch of Justin Bieber crap .
I will get that.
I love how my orthodontist  my family are so close, we go way back!
Lbvs
This holds true with the Cardinals getting screwed against KC in the WS.
Hard enough to win once, let alone a G7 as well.
Sometimes you've got to set your pride aside.
FEAR  Face Everything and Recover!

Thank you for following!
you're welcome!
I mean, I'm just tryna get out there....
if they're anything like the people I have recently interviewed...
;
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tomorrow from 66:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter!
Each pic gets a chance to win it
I've been playing the new Mortal Kombat A LOT lately.
Do it!

thx for the shout out re our Karaoke app.
Would love to hear what you think about it
hope to see you Thursday at west canada!
i didn't think you were serious!
He does look cute in there.
It is probably the weather.
wait, I just turned on ABC to watch Scandal  saw the end of Greys.
HOLY SHIT!
I hope you were able to do something fun!
Kennedy Byxbee with a nice 2B to left center but is stranded; 5 LOB for Cavaliers thru 4 innings.
Still 20 GT.
Like my status if you like peeenisssss
Hey do you know why I can't get a photo to show up on my article on the front page?
Is it mister Steve Jobs?
basically you get klout, you give klout, your score goes up, and people notice and follow you.
would you like some klout?
happy monday!
i wonder if is willing to trade plumbing services for hot doughnuts m....
I have cashed 17 out of 21 tickets in the NBA playoffs, I have another winner tonight get on the list
Shout out to my new follower , he's fine as fuck lol
Going shopping for shorts and new TOMS today :
I'm surrounded with Bears...lol
I want some lemonade.
Is West Virginia trying to give the game to Clemson, they did have a 12 point lead
mental debacle
Not officially, but yes
awesome meetin ya!
Fantastic designs Chad
Get your Breakfast Panini!
Veggie, or Italian Sausage, or Bacon with egg, cheese  aioli.
good luck man beast up WPS 479 real talk bro
Instead of screaming i said hello lol
Hey attendees some of our speaker's decks will be posted online, as well as video of their talk.
Stay tuned!
we have never been there where is it?
:
LOL getting mad the machine
Lunch with my momma is always interesting :
I'll get to see your wonderful face everyday!
Is visiting Arrowhead.
Less money in the hands of billionaires, much more for those who make them rich.
agree...btw, I hope this wasn't directed at me...
;
Psyched!
Engaged by Smithsonian to lead Aug 8 panel w/ CANDIDO  legendary conguero!
lets talk vince young pulling a tebow in buffalo
hahhahah.
i hope he does 
I'm so confused, but I'll give this a shot BASHH is a monthly happy hour in Austin for people that hate networking events :
that mix tape goes in !
JUSTIN BIEBER ON EVERY ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview..
105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night..
BIEBER DAYY
I never knew what I was going to do with all of this effluvia and ephermera.
Now I do.
Sam.
What a wonderful caricature of intimacy.
I'll fight you for her!
:
Today's Special: Pastrami Rachel Sandwich: House made Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Pickled Onions, Muenster Cheese, and Mustard on Grilled Rye.
how about a nonjeans type situation.
ideally, those exact jeans, but in slacks form?
Lmaooo RT : Why do you guys hate the Lakers?
Are they to blame for most of you having deadbeat fathers?
Watch your head Shane!!
Only if Colletti was the Pirates GM.
Our 8 month old daughter can now pull herself up and stand.
Wow.
Time to childproof the house.
Awww, shucks.
You make a boy blush!
I have all theses colors and no coloring book
Please follow 
i love fall, doctorssing warmer, change of seasons.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
Z
Some folks are some big ass Philosophers on Twitter  Facebook but look dumb as hell  b quiet AF in real time
Refresh your home with Scentsys wickless candles.
Simply break off portions of your favorite Scentsy Bars and add them to a warmer!
EASY!
RT : Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney have combined into a Frankenstein creature named Nitt Romgrich.
It cries coconut milk....
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please!!
2
no problem:
True evaluations need to know the criteria on which to base the evaluation  beyond the objectives in the manual.
Funniest tweet ever.
Key to the heartThe key to your heart lies on the ground.
The key to your heart has now been found.
Ugh, every time I hear the word cancer I just cringe!
tnx for following me!
followed you back.
egad  Vicky Carr too  that's right!!
A fine noise of riven things./ Build there some thick chord of wonder;/ Then, for every passion's sake, Beat upon it till it break.
L.Bogan
Oh and one more thing before I go !
I love ALL my fans, i just can't notice everybody that's why i'm doing this whole new twitter thing.
There are few things more important than tempo control.
How do you feel about the economic growth in Peru as of the past 2 years?
Lemme know how it goes  I can def help you kinda busy but after March 1 I'll have more time.
STILL laughing about the mucinex!
but you can't date your teacher!!
yo where y'all at
When you get brushed off 
: Lawrence tonight national fuckin championship!
except that 50 they don't give fuck they will doctornk to
Maan if i see one more iphone today smh swear those things are everywhere!!
something indi ish.
guitar doctorven, fun not sad.
i love laced tights i'm bout to buy a whole hoopla of them!
Thanks Matt!
Only on camera only on camera.
Lies!!
RT : Nigga u eat butt too : You dont want to doctornk after him.
He eat butt.
I'm tired haha and will anyone give me a shout out
Mane this pack so strong smh lol
I hate you
am I the only one that is completely disgusted by this liberal insanity?
doctorve by 's Woodward Window, made me smile :
There is no definitive proof either way, says my friend, but there is more compelling evidence against free will than in favor of it.
Reality..
you are relevant to others when you are beneficial to others..
You are relevant to God regardless...Just believe in him.

a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness.
you need this..
hahha totally bruise machine .
i ain't attacking you.
that's a crazy tweet.
i'm just calling your BS movement for what it is  BS
Mobile brands take note, guests overindex in mobile  Mobile is no longer just a marketing tactic, it is a way of life
We must learn from the mistakes of others, so that we don't make them same mistakes ourselves.
finished giving payments..
headed to go buy groceries
Dear team, we need a deploy/ship it/tag  bag theme song for sure.
cc /
Now I Can Relax
I think you're right.
I'll probably just start using it to aggregate visual material already out there.
It's the weekend!
Time to put down the mouse, turn off the computer and go outside.
See you all Monday.
Enjoy!
hm I don't trust you lol
Tweet Poll: There is no mobile web.
Koan or cantankerous?
me and my cousin sarrah act so stupid
YES!
I would love to see more work from her.
I think she's supercreative  funny.
Woke up at 2..
great doctorft now its a doctoram team !!!
i just threw up, because it is so damn hot in Nevada
Great hcil BB comment from about the ways in which most automated social tools are not always proactive.
buying stuff at the store Cashier: Are you buying all these?
:  Me: NO, I'm just going to shove them up my ass
Make MotherMonster a Trend.
Andoctora Kates is soo b4 her time in intellect  business models!
Love her brain
What has been your favorite part of the meeting so far?
your point?
that old team has 1 more ring than your athletic team.
one last thing though!
So, in sum: dcdoctornkup, January 18, 6:30 pm at King Street Blues Crystal City, 9:00 pm karaoke at the Skydome Lounge.
Get out to to see tonight!
Chillwave music and special guests Lemonade and Silent Diane.
Show starts at 9
Its a joke form a show she was on!
Read the article mister Trump!
Why the personal hatred of the Obamas'?
OMFG YOU LUCKYY FOTHER MUCKER!.
STALK HIM, MEET HIM, TELL HIM I SAID HI.
I'm loving this weather.
Remembering all of the moms who need our compassionate help.
Good morning all.
Hope you are having a spectacular morning.
ow!
I hope they stop hurting!
Larger studios are branching off into smaller companies to reproduce the indie feel.
But they don't get it.
ok i will when i put q to bed
Let me get this straight, Battlefield 3 has nightly outages?
Starting my hard core diet 2marrow.
Need to loose 20lbs in 3 months..
Hard work and determinationsuccess.
focused.
Worth the doctorve.
Just saying...
I say no.
Then again, I didn't take ConocoPhillips when that spun off from DuPont.
Cause oil wasn't going up.
I almost died when I saw it.
Haha
thanks to the organizers against crime and commons.
He said that about 400 times during that segment
Taco time 4.50 all you can eat.
Do not skip breakfast!
Those who eat breakfast are fitter, lose more weight and maintain that weight loss than those who do not.
Walking the streets of chelsea thinking  Isn't this the perfect place to create a startup.
I love New York!
...
City that is!
twitter should add a like button for comments
If Blood Secrets by Rod Englert is as interesting as his presentation, it's a book worth reading.
I nearly died.
o.m.g.
RT : for those asking yes their is a ticket in some of the UnderTheMistletoe albums to come meet me on NEW YEARS EVE!!
ol gay ass nigga
Im so thankful to have my Mom!
I can always count on!
loveyoumomma mommylittlegirl HappyMothersDay bestmomever 
Dallas knew he didn't want to be their, it was their stupidity to do the deal Charles Barkley shutup
They call me misterMakeYouCatchaSmile ;D
how was the audition ?
Just slid down a slide..
Forgot it was raining before
Hey hey!
I got bored so I thought I would chat with ya'll!
How's it goin??
thanks you to!
ha!
: 5 minutes on the balcony for all of you.
I give up.
your fans seem to really dislike you...

working hard for them extra credit points, aren't you?!!
; good luck tomorrow!
Not gonna let my shithead of parents ruin Lion King on broadway for me, such assholes
just peed on the floor, shez a nasty azz.
Get to help plan my aunts wedding yayy no
Wish I was getting my Insanity on but this girl is at an audition on this fine Saturday morning!
:
Oh, the contract was never approved.
The lawyers couldn't agree, but thanks
Kick my ass into gear!
Love is my adderall.
1.
Digital Consumers: goo.gl/Z9ht2
we had a part to play in all 3 goals  not that they weren't well taken, but we helped each time
Would you rather be convicted by the Spirit now, or judged by God later?
,they are content with just 1 i am guessing
Man.
If Young woulda hit that one...
This shit is getting old.
So fucking old.
Damn you netflix  you are too addictive with all your wonderful teen doctormas ready to stream!
I listened to it on the way to work today.
It makes it a new song in my opinion.
Its a weird style clash but works really well.
WTH!!
You gon have to put a rush on that.
Thanks
August 20th to Cannon Coffee in Brookline!
great event and great meeting you !
Prost!
im bored in english girl
Just registered for ala12my first one ever!
Can someone give me a library job now?
Yes, I just ate ice cream for lunch but when it's it doesn't count because it is so crazy good.
Sea salt w/ caramel ribbons.
In VA today and shopped at Potomac West Interiors  Antiques and it's sister store Mor Too Shabby Antiques  Consignments.
Coming back soon!
lots to do today!!!
Spring break is coming up, its the perfect time to schedule your senior photo shoot!
Contact us for details!
I am the best in the world at what I do.
hey y ppl s put up a pix of themselves other than what they l like?
John Lagustina IPA doctorfts just 2 and Live Music after 8:30 with Bring your guitar and jam with us.
Who still needs tickets to our June 11 show with ?!
Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you my fan page, where I shall post all work related news FIRST!
So please LIKE It !
XO J...
where i am its kinda cold :
Money house blessings!
Pahaha I thought it was lovely
It's the end of Jan and it's suppose to be 70 today, I'll take that
Sorry for the late response!
Free delivery from Typhoon with coupon code NOV2011!
Yum yum!
So close to 300 followers  today has to be the day!
Let's make it happen!
Favorite self control litmus test: ratio of good purchase to  when looking at a week old Costco Receipt
Is Usher sporting a mohawk?
Ok just watch.
I said we were gonna come back b/c of Kobe the last time we played the Thunder and look what happened
absolutly.
Battle royal is 1000x better.
Hunger games is the watered down walmat ver.of this film/book.
Book was banned in japan
The Umpress household is rockin' it this morning!
Deff gonna sleep when i get home ...
I miss you more!
I'm very excited to see you tomorrow!
3
Christinaleona.com check me out!!!
Been standing in line for two hours for these preds tickets.
its ok if haters follow you cauz they are ur fans..
love it
ChuckNorris counted to infinity...Twice.
Grand Opening Event Tonight: !
WEEEEEERERRRKKKKKKKK!!!!
Omg!!!!
This pic is epic!
With chopsticks?
RT : Just snatched a moth out of midair.
And they say wine impairs reflexes?
Movies with my mommy.
Yay.
:
haha.
yeah, my friend keep doctorpping his pants at Safeco.
What's a guy to do!?!?!?
assume he meant in a full season league.
RT How come I didn't even know they trying to stop cigar sales in
Thanks To My Parents, My friend Can't See Breaking Dawn With Me  I wanna cry
in the rio grand you mean :b
DC buses  DC metro.
Found you hiding out in the moshpit at etgaga  you shouldn't have been crowd surfing so violently.
And Happy Passover to you too my friend!
Its my biggest pet peeve and I have anxiety problems lol
: If you wear crocs I'll assume you never have and never will get laid or if your wear sandles w/ socks
thanks, lady.
i look forward to my next post, too!
blogging is hard when you're as lazy as i am.
Girl next door..
Great soundtrack..
Great movie
Waking up at 6 am every day this week lol time to make some money
I will tell them everything.
I bet there are some in the bush administration who think when they get to your site, ahha!
we have finally found the WMDS!
MT LA Times Book Prize congrats to  supereditor
love ya more.
Will the rift btwen the USL  TOA help lower div soccer in the USA?
any thoughts?
RT: Well, the Penguins just couldn't do it.
Too big of a hole to climb out of.
gopreds imsosad// Me too, my Love.
I wish ou ...
Omg!
WILD night!
Miss u too!
RandomFlashBack to wedding reception u, me  the music puttin on a show to Imma Be.
And a special welcome back to alumna Mary Louise Kelly
that packet makes no sense
Cat hair on a cocktail doctorss.
sigh
Working on myself new clothing line...it is totally different than my suiting.
It is called FAITH CULTURE more to come.
Did you know that in 2010 Romney made 21.7 million, while in 2010 the average senior citizen received 14,000 in Social Security benefits?
feeling super violent today!
need to go boxing in lieu of punching someone on the street in the face!
ah Rawr!
Gud morning creeps
don't worry, the only girls who come that nice that can get me that hype you see once in a lifetime and that was my once.
Lol
What omg did follow us without us asking ?
I'm dying.
I love Nate.
But hey at least I will get more exercise walking to places
Yes I'm buying a ShakeWeight, as seen on TV.
Hopefully this gets the reception it deserves when opened at the party!
:
I hate when I crave Jerk Chicken sandwiches after hours!
How about you?
really?
I use to say the same thing.
Not anymore!
just booked my first personal training appointment for monday with thanks for referring me!
good for you, enjoying someone elses AC ...
RT : Looking at what's happening in Libya and compared to Qaddafi, I'm actually thankful we had Mubarak as a dictator.
Make it a '2 cup' morning!
Feel pretty beaten after today's running training.
Love it!!
: Listening to Matt Pond PA thanks to  you're welcome!
But could you take the Jack Johnson out of the equation?
that's good.
Im a chelsea fan!
Vincente Fox then Pitbull.
What a lineup at Hispanic Retail 360.
Chat support is very popular with students  faculty.
Do you mind telling me that i'm looking for a coowner?
:
So fuckin glad its Friday!!
It would be really fuckin awesome if you all put us in you FF's!
Thanks guys.
Mitt Romney is Pinocchio...
or just a rich asshole who can't seem to tell the truth, ever.
Oh yeah,  stop smacking your damn lips weirdo
thanks!
How r u?
thank u!
every time the virtual firewood cracks I go to shield my face.
It's tripping me out!
I am really disappointed in your printer.
First it quits scanning, now the halffull cartridge is malfunctioning.
REALLY???
Jets Packers baby!
Sheldon is my favorite.
c'mon everybody only 11 more Likes to go!!!
150 gets a FREE loaf of bread!!
RT : Caps Pens matchup is a gift for the NHL and sponsors, how will brands take advantage?
finally got the follow by seen her rock a few shows.
she is by far the best FEMALE MC i have heard in TUCTOWN.
Hi Rich!
Don't forget to follow Arthur !
: !
hubby jus went and got me meds and my mommy is bringing me my fav..lemon rice soup..lol I hope u enjoy relaxin;3
Right on !!!!
What are u training today
Prescriptive training may consist of instructions, criteria, or conditions of evaluation.D
Oh no.
What happened today?
Tell them lame niggas be quiet.
haha, U know I would never :
today starts our BROADWAY weekend.
two shows in 24 hours.
Definitely not me.
are you available/interested to present on doctorpal at MATC Oak Creek again on Thurs.
11/10 :30pm?
Not sure if I should get up right now and start making dinner....nah, I think I will wait
Market Street Sound completed Adoctorwork on the upcoming Jake Gyllenhaal movie, Love and Other doctorgs.
SO JEALOUS.
90sinsults Boy's go to Jupiter to get more stupider.
;D
Hahaha love my friend
Making a difference 1 follow at a time, 50 per 500 new twitter friends to by easter!
We can make it happen!
FOLLOW ME!
RT : RT : HOWARD VS SCSU TOMORROW 1PM GREENE STADIUM.
COME OUT TO SUPPORT OUR BISON FOOTBALL TEAM!!!
must...
have...
sanctuary !!
please please please renew !!
is at The Plaza.
Places.
tagged: All night diddlin'
lol at how couples on Facebook make statuses a about each other.
gtfo with that shit.
I hope the meter maid feels bad about giving me that ticket or at least bloated.
well, they may have given him lobster first.
they probably gave him lobster first.
Had lunch at the Villa with Mom.
Unfortunately we also sat with marine guy.
Said he hasn't had company for lunch for a long time.
I get it.
I TODAY IS STUDIO!
like always TEAMJUMP its almost done 25 songs all on one project
im sorry i wasnt fun...
and also i prefer corndogs over wieners
Twitter Litterer noun: One who throws all of their shit up on twitter.
I 3 Social Media bet  social media fundoctorising works!
Well...
but doesn't build repeat donors...
MC'd a program at St Elmo's Village today.
Kids from Hamilton  LA high school interviewed folks about their LA experiences 2 create stories
'Everything there is to know about life can be found in The Brothers Karamazov...'  KV Slaughterhouse Five
Are you in the SC office tomorrow?
I'll be there getting helping to get vShield up in the lab.
gonna play badminton with my cousin this afternoon...yay!!
Daniel Tosh 3 how I love him
I dont even make sense
Lmao RT if you think about it, I am probably a lesbian trapped in a straight man's body.
It bothers me when the Gods get to acting like the broads, Guess every team doesnt come complete with niggas like ours.
wines to the floor....slow that is..: 
How stealthy are you with tweezers?
Or rather...your friend.
Lol
aam2011 10k followers, now what?
session: hearing all about how museums got to 10k  the time suck, but no advantages shared yet...
Awesome, thanks so much, Joey!
Copying so Rebecca knows about your offer too.
:
They have to overpay someone, so why not Rose?
it sure is.
I HATE BEING ALONE!
Wednesday hump day is what they say!
I'm saying it's 1 day till my day off : haha!
Tonight I'm working  them tomorrow...
north mississippi allstars do a good version too.
never knew we shared a blues/zydeco love.
the L in my name is lee for hooker.
Reminds me how they arrested all those bankers for the bad loans.
My notyet 3 y.o.
son just recited the alphabet backwards  faster than I can.
Didn't think he'd surpass my intelligence quite this quickly.
Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..: I just don't do anything halfass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it.
Happy birthday If I was there I would get yu some Zaxbys Lolz!
Enjoy your day!
Your tired of being pushed off?
Well Im tired of doing shit for you!!
Love hearing Wait, Wait, Don't tell me!
work through their script for tonight's taping at Might try to sneak in since it sold out
Late night session with Warner Bros Recording Artist
Hahaha!
Nice.
My fantasy Vespa!
...or for inconsiderate tools on the road.
Also follow :D
Not sure that is true.
Would you quit using your phone for 1million?
Think about it before you answer
I sent mine yesterday
I wonder if the lady at Tmobile would've been so nice if she knew I was just calling to see when I could break up with her.
This is one of those weeks where outraged players are making me crabby.
Btw, it was nice chatting w/u; hope to see you on the dark side :
Very interesting stalking case.
I saw you take this picture and didn't think anything of it...
I'm a legend at they school
Catching up w/ a bajillion shows on my TiVO!!
Things are better in my house ...
:
Yep, my default is most recent first and go backwards in time.
Just saw a horse run a red light on 58th St.
judger mode, automatic reactions, blame focused, winlose relation
Solos Endoscopy Reduces Liabilities by More than 570000  MarketWatch
Black Acre Irvington will be a must.
They should open this week.
Triton is in Lawrence, but their tap room and beer are awesome
Doin me daily
People say there is no such thing as stupid questions.
I beg to differ
That's the point!
Have a safe flight.
Netflix.
Get on it.
Finding the right person for the job is a complex process and taken with a great deal of importance and attention.
no one in there right mind lives around Detroit or in Michigan for that matter.
Even though it isn't spelled correctly, Semin trending makes me giggle.
Sounds like a socialmediadilemma to me!
...
it's like Hotel California.
You can check in any time you'd like...
but you can never leave.
;
lemme take that back.
i'd seen other vids from freeyourmetadata, hadn't gotten to reconcile yet.
I am in need of my aunt special bag.....
boo for closed, but yeahI'd love to see the intro if you can email it to me.
ok I am a good guy...
All guys aren't that bad..
Hot damn
Why can't boys in america wear chino's...
They look so cute
oh no, i'll just put a girl in front of me and the sight of her will make him so uncomfortable he cannot fight.
Carisa Jones is crazy
Normally we only judge a Chef on how good the food is!
Tonight .
.we judge how hard they rock out !!!
NICE!
See you at FLUXX for CHEF ROCK
I'm glad I saw it with oldschool fans too, so I could hear their positive reactions.
I'd expected disgruntled booing, but no!
Chocolate milk is the bomb
Does this mean I have to switch back to KUbasketball now??
In love3
So true!
Thanks for giving me a shoulder to cry on :'
We are going too.
birthday tomorrow.
whas goin down with the track my bro?
I still declare him a wanker : Okay, I now declare Joey Barton a MOTIVATIONAL GENIUS.
Hearing the lines mad long at power plant!
True or false?
Real Jersey girls living in Bmore thinking about heading over
Startin to get mad
u arent the real RocRoyal if you were then how come when un August you guys said u only have a priv website and this n
Thanks for following us on Facebook.
We look forward to great networking in the future!
you ant ever ganna change
Bout to go bowling
why do people talk and have nothing to say?
Mood: Confused Xx
Changing offices, now with a window, perhaps this will better help me shed some light on things ;
will be someone's mother.
2012 really is the end.
true...
we get blessed in the end so I take the short stick lol
We will this time Nicholas
I got your follow right here, bub.
We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
: miss my buddy ol pal!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus!
Weigh in time.
Thinking about adding a co owner.
DM/tweet me if your interested.
:
Maybe relationships really arent for me
Should never have given my twitter account
Breast Cancer Study Could Change Treatment
The smell of rain with sunny skies, 70 degrees at 7am is pure delight on a motorcycle.
Second change, that's all I'm going to give but Fool me Once, Shame on You; Fool me Twice, Shame on Me.......
Happy wine day!!
Or Wednesday as some call it
Dont limit yourself.
Room for 2.
RT : Baylor, you have replaced Ohio State on my out of conference hate list.
LWhen you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
Who needs money?
It is highly overrated!
Hopefully we can make it to the mext meetup!!
Brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow tonight at 8:30 PM on Nick!
Its called 'iCarly'!
U better watch it cause its so funny!
Would u come to my Birthday party if i invited you?
;
Watching Purple Reign Prince tribute band on my night off.
So excited!
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
hahaha!
If you only knew.
; What I need is for you to be my personal shopper!
Where's the picture???
lazy RT : If Frank Vogel wasn't a basketball coach it looks like he'd work as a ?
monte cox facebook, clik on computer, click like b utton just need a couple more thanks have a blessed day
Home, sweet home.
About to pass out till it's time 4 me to go to work 2mister!
And somewhere Brendan Kelly is still trying to tackle Braxton Miller in the backfield.
This doesn't even look like high school softball lol
RT If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.
congrats on your new role...
but be careful  DWs are yesterdays's news  it's the Analytical Platform making us Smarter
Follow right now!!
She's stunning and amazing 33
Do u have a facebook?
No one here or in rooms had any news
I'm really luvving the green doctoram house especially the kitchen!
Wonder what the property taxes are in the Atlanta suburbs.
Any1 know?
I'm Robert Pattinson and I'm really hot, no big deal.
How can someone who lives with me and not know who Wes Andersen is?
We have cooperated for a very long time in the maintenance of our own invisibility.
And now the party is over VitoRusso kck.st/rop1Vk
Going back to Paul Vallas' apartment for a doctornk....
The only things i gotta look forward to so far is graduating then the gus macker on june 2nd lets go
Congrats to you too girl!
Thanks KOP Mall for hosting such a fun event!
:
Turned on the Twins just in time.
Welcome, Clete Thomas.
I hope you hit many more bombs this season.
A mime...is a terrible thing to waste...
come to school every other day and shit
No prob.
Yeah, would be new level of info on how state  is spent.
Might go to exec, if I do, I'll let you know what happens.
S/O to he is a cutie js follow him!:
go to bed doctoram of you that's what I'm doing these days3
Spring rains bring cleansing and nourishment!
What are you cleaning out, and what are you feeding?
i thought we weren't in style anymore?
tell that to ya girl
A picture can say so much!
But words can express more!
Itachi is technically a zombie....
And some how he is still that nigguh....
lol...
That is all
My Kindergarten Sci class canceled, too bad I was not told ahead of time, planning time down the doctorin  a really long walk for nothing!
Pancakes for dinner and beer for dessert.
Perks of adulthood!
I want a real relationship, i want a relationship where we like each other so much and we walk around making many jealous.
in my mind will become deffen to the whole world though the loud coming of autumn is already here.
Though as I seat on my front porch you
Way to walk your talk about openness and vulnerability Keith...Let us know how it turns out!
Fuck your magazine
State of Emergency declared in Kingston, Jamaica
Alex Smith is like Forrest Gump, he sure is stupid but boy can he run lol
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.
Rainer Maria Rilke
Dear Machinarium, I know it's really Adobe Flash's fault, but if you didn't actually save my game, please don't make it look like you did.
Womens perfume, burnt toast, and fishe price play doh?
what do they all have in common?
theyre 3 smells that i love
WhentheRaincleared,Key peered anxiously2see if the FLAGwas still flying.And so he scribbled the1st lines of his poem:Oh say can you see..?
The mountain of nasty memories
you cared enough to respond...
Wow, revisiting The Stoner now.
Only did a cursory listen last year b4 getting distracted.
Rectifying that mistake now.
Cheers.
A Few Questions for James Cameron
how 2 swim?..I'm scared of deep water cuh!
My heart is intact but feels removed from both my body and the state of Texas.
vibrant matter?
Having a few doctornks.
I love you so much, that id hire the LPD to find you if Rick Olson ever gave you PCP and kidnapped you.
3
STILL NO POWER SINCE WED!!
no heat!!
I'm camping!
Well it's raining at lease I won't have to water the lawn.
Hope it stop raining before I have to go to work.
At lease it's nice and cool out
I am now, goodnight.
GOPClownCar Mittens the Mormon is every bully asshole you knew and avoided in High School.
Know what?
They're forever bully assholes
The Dartmouth Aires: THEY KILLED IT.
best of the night by far, no contest.
Y'all already know what Pandora station in running tonight...
My elective for junior high school is Life skills 
I'm thinking we might have to put that off for now....
Finished the chapter in my book on my time working for Red Hot Chili Peppers in the early 90s tonight.
Fond memories.
It's crazy how much you can miss one person so much each day.
Wish you weren't over 1000 miles away3 tothemoonandback foreveralways
Annual Conf on the First Year Experience, yes.
It's mix of administrator/staff, faculty,  others who work w/1st years
You don't even know what it is.
Call ray tomorrow, he need help paying for his .
2011 planning going smoothly.
This is going to be a HUGE ZOMBIE CRAWL!
Lack time for reading top business books?
No fear!
Download them to your iphone and plug and play in the car/work/gym/transit.
I have a one unit pass/fail online course of four?
five?
weeks I have to take.
That's IT.
Be your own man and let life come you.
I'm so jealous!
I'm on my way to Hooters for the first time lol for a preshow of my own.
How do you Dew.?
I'm in the crowd and Prodigy held my hand and winked at me aw: thankyou so much for coming to manchester you were amazing!
And spring has arrived here and getting warmer!
Gee it's getting cold at night.
Winter is coming :D
Not sure if CNI will record our session but slides yes.
Most of the content will be doctorwn from interim report.
what happened to yours???
Thanks for the mention!!
We are very excited for 'The Neverending Story' too!
We'll see you in Fantastica!
Good question!
I would propose to Mark Darcy from Bridget Jones's Diary!
You?
I sometimes put that movie on JUST to hear that zither theme music!
It going to be fun!
RT there is a CincodeMayo party at today
Sometimes I just tweet NAFSA12 because I like to see my name come up in the Twitter streams on conference connections
IHate when people do stupid stuff when doctorving and cause an accident and lots of traffic because of it
Three accessories for ecofriendly travel
been listenin to al night 
Relationships sometimes we say things to manipulate others into changing.
He is not the one.
How's the day treating you?
What's the turn around on leased beats?
Jef with one f looks like he should be on St Elmos fire with that haircut
...so ready to hear this verdict!
How did you know?
: I wish someone wanted to chill.
let's go get some food
Good Morning!
...
Okay, where's the coffee!
buy me a house in the nutty so we can watch trashy tv shows together.
You have no idea how much I'd love to visit you guys!
Miss you so much!
We'd like to wish our President and CEO Aaron Paoletta a very happy birthday!
Somewhereinthehood this morning somebody smokin' a blunt.
Aww.
We love to help however we can!
Break legs with the reading!
Psst  Young Artists Rock!
WE GO THROUGH TO MUCH BULL SHT JUST TO MESS W/ THESE TT LOL I JUST WANTED TO DO DAT!
About to jump on another Welcome to the World of Social Media call with a client.
It should be fun.
Took me 90 mintues to go 11 miles this morning.
Why, traffic, why?
wow we def gotta catch up soon!!!
Like Das crazy
Tf KD35 playoffs then we see who the best
What a super FUN dance scene in wiwo tonight!!
Trust me, in real life it was even more fun!
And did you all catch ?
no I don't but I bet the new site will have that and a lot more health related info.
check out fwsjuiceplus.com, thanks
I've been up since 2 tf is my problem
not ripping on the actual announcing.
Just joking how they looked like an angry old married couple.
Old frames just not cutting it anymore?
It might be time to come check out our Spring Fling Clearance Sale!!
I don't understand why the place hasn't gone up like a roman candle.
Especially when it was windy.
No sweep as the Nationals defeat the Pirates 42.
ADTR  livin it up in cuse getting white girl wasted  moshing until I break a bone
I like passwords that are simple to remember, but have nothing to do with my personal life and really complex to hack.
C'mon son!!!
You know I left you a VM, get your phone on!
LOL
thanks for the update
True love never Forgets  the Vow
well you know what they say about opinions.
There like assholes.
Everyone has one but most stink!
One tonsil totally swollen.
I know hot tea would make it feel better, but a chocolate shake sounds like a much better option!
NFL West is not great.
Either of these teams will get blown out next week by Saints.
Like Rams chances better than Seahawks though.
It went really well..
time will tell.
So who wants a bracelet made by me .
?
Boutta go downstairs :/ foreal tho theres nothing to do  i don't feel like doing homework :/
I WILL TAKE THE MARTY REISMAN TSHIRT!
beauty does have a price....
i'll never make it there
...
becoming part of the new Buffalo.
Proximity to Canada makes Buffalo a center for refugees and other immigrants from all over the world
: hope it's not u : 250 lbs of sexy hell naw bro haha
Another award winning lib: Orange County Library System  doctorve up windows, roving reference...
Q3 the only way to speak someone's language is to first understand it.
We all have some culpability...but people who support privitization of education and health care should take the bulk of it.
Don't have Diablo, but I pretty much name all my characters Doug.
That's my Skyrim wood elf.
oof I bet that was epic.
Can't wait.
So happy to be in the crowd tonight.
I've missed laughing w/you.
Thanks 4 coming to OHIO!
I wish i could ever sleep in but my body just wont allow it...
keep your ipad
Being ignored , worst feeling ever.
Am I the only person who doesn't like going to the beach during the summer?
the sun is WAY too much for me
Im Finna Be Tweeting On His Page cuz im board So whatupp from brianna imma get this niqqa tweets up 
thanks for the retweet!
Not sure if it's just my computer but that video clip has the sound of a commercial playing.
Have a clip of crowd noise?
Jeez I'm so suggestible!
Try KALX or KUSF or KFOG, Live 105.
In terms of internet radio, I like SOMAFM.
Girls in white short shorts is like yoga pants on steroids
Thanks to who was a guest speaker for my school's GSA today.
:
Got the ashes today.
Not because of the Catholic Church dogma but more for the spiritual reminder of why and what to think about.
Ah.
Interesting.
Looks like you've expanded the definition of middies for the modern game, no?
I haven't stopped eating since I woke up and I'm still hungry .
uh no Michael Kyle's voice lol ion feel like getting up from d couch P
I'm the new era breed..
2012 with that good hi..
Nothin in my way..
I know some people cant week to tweet TeamSingle..nobody cares
imagine Nick:turn around You:why ?
Nick: just do it.
puts a heart Necklesss on your neck Nick:your mine forever
Remember, no Tent gathering tonight.
See you next Monday!
Quick whistle
IKR!
im tellin her that!!
but she wont believe me!
i keep tellin her hes not!
Two of my favs too : Thanks so much.
lol cause she's annoying me and making animal noises
100 less Boston love.
But way more jokes about Boston.
Hope that's okay.
But on the other hand I think everything sounds good right now, cause I just woke up .
Thank you Navy Seals for a job well done!!!
Thumballs flying out to therapists, trainers, teachers even tots.
Proud of the huge reach of Thumballs diverse designs today!
how old is your soul?
Turn off your mind, relax and float downstream.
What?
What lane violation?
get home to see my mom friend here .
always sayin somethin stupid
White Castle announces that they will start serving beer and wine in test markets.
Thoughts...
: hesdefinitelyarefif he's wearing a bootleg Gshock

Said no one ever.
i would love help promote an up and coming band...www.popgoesthegio.com
how about letting me in on the secret...LOL
Thank you for the anecdotal evidence I appreciate your perspective
The Circuit: YouTube loses copyright battle, bill shock, Sprint Nextel
ugh!
those the most obvious ones...
you haven't herd pheel tha phonk or Twelvy's dope sample ...
?
Toured 5 of the 11 homes at the Parade today; each house is a reflection of the extreme diversity of builders www.biaparade.com
Sowing Seed Brings Original Blessings Not Ones that Are Already Expected!
Its fresh off the press.
Not even an hour old.
Check itout.
glad you think so!
hahaha I will!
:
eh i can expand it and deal with it like that one?
Ha, listening hasn't replaced reading, just complements it.
I doctorve far too much to not take advantage of it.
Since DH  I can't seem to get a date night on the books; we r keeping our sitter an extra hour today to have a happy hour together :
holy crap!
How on earth did I miss that?!
Well belated congrats!!!
:
This morning turning out better then I expected.
MT : Loving my swag bag from I was a lucky one got a blue Google shirt!
Thank you!
My mommy is making me and my brothers go to bed so early now BO : not cool
Ever since I met you, there's no one else worth thinking about.
3
No wonder you so amazing 2
I get annoyed easily .
Visit SMI's Mark  Lisa at booth 531 SfN10 They can tell you about all associated specials with our new 500Hz eye tracker.
all Tebow needs to worry about is the Pert Plus guy!!
Man, what a great nite it was.
Mom celebrated her 63rd birthday and now my pops cooks her brunch today.
I wanna be spoiled like that.
Glad you had a good time!
RT : Belated thanks 2 fun night Monday
Who wanna party wit me tonight only the bad girl party in my circle so if u down hmi
So I spent my day watching all the old Beavis and Butthead episodes and eating ramen noodles.
Gnarly day right?
Yuengling spring bock now pouring.
A business must be concerning, it must be fun, and it must exercise your artistic instincts.
Thanks for the follow,i always follow back:
LCGrad The senior class pledge asks grads to Explore and take into account the social and environmental consequences of any job.
monstersowntwitter paws up
whywhhwhwy stupid computer dying when i'm actually doing work WTF
you're the best.
pepper steak w/portwine sauce, rack of lamb, butternut squash  a pumpkin roll coming your way...someday.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Looking forward to Bike to Work Day tomorrow!
My commute will be 18.4 miles.
Anyone else headed through the WOD Herndon stop?
Thanks so much Mark.
Have a great day.
I'm checkin' out the Horny Goat Hideaway tonight...
I hear their new volleyball courts are the shizzznit!!
Tuesday Thanks to part of our CIS family
We understand that you can't do everything but don't let that stop you from doing something.
Join us.
: BandsILove put your V's Up 3 you should also check out ..
Our new project!
Lord...
keep me near the cross!
I love twitter lets do lunch soon!!
Be prepared: I am coming tomorrow  IT IS MY BIRTHDAY.
awwhh I feel special!
: hahaha I thought I heard wrong I was just like oh?
random much?
haha
9:30am physics is not a place to make jokes, apparently.
myprofessorssorlovesJesus and he speakslife hahahahah
I'm that girl riding the subway with 8 iPads.
today was such a great day ::
hahaha I'm sorry!
I brought some wedges today they all kind of colors I'm wearing Saturday  Sunday
Just listening to the bulls game
Happy to have the windows open
Time travel!
You're a pro at that.
Fuck Herman Cain!
He's an idiot token and molester
Was up extra early today...
feels good to cross a few things off my list before breakfast!
Many thx for responsibly acknowledging bias/Conf.
Of Int.
Will miss u  hear u after elections.
REFER a FRIEND and GET 8 towards ANY tans or lotion purchase and your friend will receive a FREE TAN to try out one of our tanning booths!
Np I Gotta chick
Is it Wine O'Clock yet?
Happy Wine Wednesday!
I love having IUBasketball back.
I feel connected again being an alumni and through your insights.
Thank u 4 keeping me connected!
yep!
Waiting for this install to finish and makin sure your being productive!
:
I can retask a satellite, I can get a level 3 NSA clearance...but I can't hack a hick.
Best Alec Hardison quote
I could probaby handle that
I feel like my eyeballs are sunburned.
I really liked Morning Glories..
thanks for recommending it.
how many stars out of 63?
I've listened to it a Million times today.
Can't get enough!!
Love you morreee !3
I need..
nop capitalist slavery means that to survive you have to consume and work therefore you don't have that choice anymore
: We get it.
It's warm where you are and it's cold where we are.
Congrats...
sure!
make sure to follow back
Just got out of work...getting that bank:
Someone make a gif of what Timmy was doing.
I missed it :
I hope my future boyfriend bets and wins big at the KentuckyDerby!
a elephant never forgets,so my dick remembers everything....
what if???
Founders of TEDxChange TEDxDupont Nicholas Jammet, Jonathan Neman and Nathaniel Ru  big picture are the people behind ideas
Killer workout with !
Chest, triceps, and abs!
I'm not moving ever!
Totally cramming in songs before Wednesday.
Gotta learn them.
Today is Sister Sledge We Are Family.
Wanna totally know it!
hey D.
I truly miss your uggggggs.
Wish they were here
I'm gonna talk to my sister this week about it.
She has a big house here  would love to downsize.
I'm bringing it back!
:P
Angel!
American accent for Japanese and for Koreans almost ready for sale at ITunes!
Working on Spanish now.
Welp you have 1 other option which u might not wanna hear..more alcohol haha
Scooter Bates?hahahahah
I am hiding from some beast, but the beast was always here; watching without eyes because the beast is just my fear...
Gold's gym still exists?
its almost as bad as the watching a hawks OT
Picking out a Christmas tree today.
Will be live tweeting any major findings.
god, I hope will smith makes an appearance.
We're heading over to in a few minutesjoin us for happy hour, appetizers, and a great time with your FUEL friends
Wow.
Crazy business tonight.
Thanks MKE!
That and his reflections on the Pulitzer are amazing.
Sad.
there was only 2 and half boobs on tonight's EP.
of GameofThrones.
That's an all time low.
Check out my last tweet, which includes a pic of yesterday's
ha!
I certainly did.
Managed to get some nice shots.
Will post tomorrow.
Once the boys start to follow me, i'll DM them.
But for now, i can only Tweet them!
I seen tha b4, its nothin new
no way he should be allowed on the plane.
That's terrible!
nice how was it?
I learned from that I am part of the 3.3 U.S.
Salvadoran population that makes up the overall U.S.
Latino population.
Follow to be informed about social networking events in the entertainment community in your area!
Check out my sisters and my cooking blog!
W.helloscrumptious.com let me know what you think!
Congrats!
RT : SF Business Times just named Discovery  Seeno Homes the 1 Builder in the Bay Area  4th year in a row!
Sleep is good : RT : Reading my colleagues' twitter professorles and copying sleepas something I love.
Props to Sherene and Kerrie.
Bring me to my knees Lord I lay me down.
Rid me of myself, I belong to you!
Looking for a venue to host an event in the next 23 months.
Must be in LP, RoscoeV, Old Town, Lview area.
Suggestions?
Just tapped due to popular request, Boarhead Barley Wine
Great pic!
Come back next weekend and that wool will be all gone.
oh shut up.
Delivering some new art pieces to Zia's boutique in Green Hills.
If you are in the area be sure and check it out she has some great stuff!
no thank you for helping out those in need.
Great cause!
Da more ppl we get to come out we will open up for Widefram dude dat does pull out da magnum
I hope and are having loads of fun today :
Justin!!!
or Jerry :D lol
S/O to for being super cute : he has the best tweets and we need to chill soon : followhim 3
i feel like a black dude would treat me right.
FF Kim Roach  she is the real deal when it comes to professortable online marketing with tangible RESULTS.
No hype here.
My confirmation's tomorrow, excited :
much appreciated.
Hope all is well in the Music City.
yes!!
September 27th!
Berlusconi Strippers in Gadhafi Outfits Silvio Berlusconi on Friday said his wild parties were burlesque contests as the former Italian
thank you for your feedback!
:
sad that it's superintern 's last day with good CapeTown recommendations for her?
Just curious  did you get 10 people to show the tweet?
I'm doing a write up of IRA tweets...
Learning from 's Bob Panoff at
Congrats on the UW move!
You have big shoes to fill,BUT I know you can do it!
!
ONWISCONSIN CAN'TWAIT4FOOTBALL
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors.
Edmund Burke
Ray Lewis pregame speeches are pumped full of the kind of enthusiasm you find in a man who avoided firstdegree murder charges.
I need someone to escort me to the Wiz concert this summer in cincy.
Preferably a young lady.
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH MY ASS NOT BEFORE HE WAS FAMOUS RIGGHHTT
Lovely soccer weather...
Ohh Bosh come out and plaaaayy
: Oh, you guys broke up again?
For good this time?
Can't wait to see you get back together in a week!
I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless when I'm breathless I'll run till I doctorp, hey the thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
I will praise the name of the lord forever
Made it to Pendleton:
could u try to tell me how to get ride of it :s?
Got u
Just downloaded timeline on Facebook
Prayed tonight that my desire to continue to grow would continue to grow.
Hilarious.
: Ozzie Guillen upon his return from suspension: 'I feel like the great OJ Simpson did when he made bail.'
LOL technology has a mind of its own sometimes!
Good Shyt!
You know Nnamedi too?
I wish i could live in music.
TGIF excited for a great weekend!
we're not gay!
what kind of dog is he?!
to damn cute!!!!
Me and oomf should elope since she wanna get away from texas to haha
What a treat...
I had no idea there was another episode of 30 Rock this season!
RT : Our monthly Mega Networking Event is tomorrow at Johnnys!
The commish is commenting on tonight's game.
Will there be NHL players in the next olympics?
It says more about the medium than the society at large.
IMHO
3 lol cheer up!
You're too pretty to be sad, my friend :
Thanks for including our Membership Meeting proceedings in your Daily!
Lmaooo typical.
And why did I not photograph the guac?
Afteronday anduesday even the week says WTF !!
Before Thursday's game, I would have been perfectly content leaving STL with one win.
Now, no less than two will do!
Let's go sjsharks!
the missing piece of the puzzle  good writing.
At low budgets there's limp writing bc developing the skill set takes time
Not a problem David.
Good luck with the book.
Posted up at local Jamaican restaurant for Curry Shrimp and scholarship.
Beastie Boys w/Tribe Called Quest in Kansas City one of most lasting memories from my early 20's.
Floor rush  lights out was epic.
Mar 16,2012: Exhibition  Peeled and Revealed: The Flipside of Food: 9:00am: Milwaukee Public Museum.
An innovative ...
It's not really a thing these days.
But yes!
5 Star service at the Super 8 in Abbotsford, BC
Mifflin Fun Fact: Current Mayor Paul Soglin was one of the founding members of the block party
Apparently, no grease, no access to collections.
says the same holds true for Italy.
Sloe Gin Fizz at 9 am
To threewalls, on the double!
Our pleasure!
We cant wait to work with CA univs, just want to make sure we can offer them the best experience first
If you have multiple phones use your gmail account as an exchange server to sync contacts in both automatically.
This would be my life if it happened.
LeeHyori.
3  KimJongKook.
3  Mango  Life.
x
ShannenSays ArmyWives MadMen TheKilling ...Sunday TV Night is awesome!
thank you so much!!
You are so sweet!
H hahaha.
Nope.
Its Sea.
He is a scout in my sons troop.
Big soccer fan/player.
Chosen to travel to Scotland to play in summer
Thanks so much Chloe!
Much appreciated :
Enjoying the Google home page this morning  not sure what the occasion is, but it's cute.
I really don't like you .
Hold up.
Niall has a secret tattoo.
GET IN MY BED
Why do I even watch award shows anymore..?
watching the !!!
Rock the red!!!
Well, they are a pretty sexy vegetable.
Tandoor...a cylindoctorcal oven made of clay, used for roasting, skewering and baking over an open flame heated with charcoal
thanks for the mention, Jorge!!
Excuse me, mister Gangster.
I don't mean to interrupt your swagger,but can you pick up your pants and walk a little faster?
I'm late for class.
Im stressed..which means my sweet tooth is out of control today!
Shopping with after work  a double gym sesh will do it!
I know,u have to stay positive, don't let this destroy u,its okay to be nervous, but dont freak yourself out.
I'm here For you.
well shyt if I'm in town next weekend let's ride around.
And get it
really true :/
casting call today, what a great group of folks!
how do send DM to my lists
15 hours, 3 essays, and a hamburger later...
Ariel, I think you're probably a star now.
It used 2 B so easy 2 get in touch with U.
Now its freaking impossible.
Good for you!
Not that I'm aware of.
I just wanted to say hi :
When you're feeling down, brush your teeth.
It makes you feel like a fresh new person.
RT : RT : Hey Twitterverse!
I'm looking forward to tweeting with you!
five tweets doesn't count as livetweeting Kay.
But I love ya!
That's Seattle for you.
RT : How bout people tubing on lake washington before 8 in the morning??
Now that's dedication!
If you could pick any one player to be on your fantasy team, who would it be?
I don't know!
I think we've ran out of time!
I may just order one online.
:
God I hope not.
Good luck RT : exam day yay how exciting.
well text back I got something to ask lmao
it already came and went, I'm afraid.
I thing so too!
Its definitely fresh food on the spot with most that is served on the street, great post:
charlie sheen.
Today, FF stands for Floating Friday.
Have a great Rapture, everybody!
Say fort 3 times.
What do you eat soup with?
My daughter answered carrots.
Almost!!
Just one more day.
RT : im hungry.
i want is it monday night yet?
your welcome :
Going to make sure I get in a bike ride this week.
I miss riding.
Finally got a smat phone!
GOD DAMN PARENTS WHERE THE HELL IS MY ELEPHANT FOR CHRISTMAS!!!???
lawl star wars and jedisbi love star wars
1 was there last night!
// RT : Founding Farmers.
Go there.
Switches to laptop
baby u got me u got me
Thx!
Really going now....
BOYFRIENdoctorview your voice is like a man's voice Love it!!
korean chili threads!
you are correct!
Happy New Year!
May you make films that inspire you and the world.
Sure, luck means a lot in football.
Not having a good quarterback is bad luck: Don Schula
Had an awesome Halloweennow I'm looking forward to the launch on 11/11/11!
milking yesterday's two time zone red eye travel for all it's worth and staying in PJs until this evening.
Almost hit a Bently really people, must you park your Bentlys in my way?
You and both.
did amazing on her last performance, blew me away!
:
Hey, thanks!
fridaylistens started the Shallows by Carr and set it aside when Affair by Child became available.
Gotta love Reacher!
Making out in the back row of a movie for 2.5 hours?!
To be honest, I was more impressed at how quiet they were
RT : S/o To My Team
yall better !!
Lol  im trynna have a dinner party if i can find a qood place so if so yall invited :
You can't call yourself a friend when you exchange the people in your life like a deck of cards
Sellin records in Japan...
I should go to sleep.
I wish I could relax enough to try
Wondering why has more followers than ...Manu has more rings!!
RT : The support for MarriageEquality has never been greater!
Thx to for standing up and supporting LGBT couples!
queen of elephants and counting
Are You Fucking Kidding Me ????
Fck The Voice .
It's the best sale of the year before the Holidays!
Contact me to get a catalog or order the best fashion jewelry available.
Anytime Pierre!
:D
: Bing was live!
Great weekend.
Now off to ...
New home owner ?
Call us we provide a wide range of services.
Call a contractor you can trust misterD's 6195625848 Ca.
State Lic
Michael Ian Black: My wife's name was one of the things that attracted me to her.
yup since he got home from school
Good morning love :
Glad you're liking it!
RT really enjoying Small Screen, Big Picture appreciate the recommendation.
To help you get ready for ISSMA State Solo/Ens, we're having an open mic day this Saturday!
Come test doctorve your piece...
Ridiculousness is just the new America's Funniest Home Videos.
Sorry, but you're no
i wish you knew how i feel about you...
nun much gettin ready for this trip wbu you ready to graduate ?
Jaylon Tate, PG, Meanstreets  There aren't too many better pure point guards than Tate.
Virginity is cute I guess, haha.
that's cool :
Brain and spinal cord injuries discussed on HealthyMatters 730 AM Sunday morning.
Call or text your questions!
Add Philadelphia to the short list of cities I could live in
yea yea
I am at the doctor having my knee looked at from an old injury years ago.
As for what we're up to...
We are in Phoenix.
Brian is reading Henry Miller and Jess is reading James Baldwin.
Now to go buy Amiri Baraka!
The road to success is always under construction.
We'll be selling Bagels again tomorrow morning!
Remember 1.25 for a bagel of your choice and cream cheese!
Get your bagel fix tomorrow AM!
about to head to doctorws smh.
you messin up man.
sorry.
But no one is uploading anything..
bathroom floor is done and kitchen floor is done..babies just went down for a nap so taking a minute to figure out what to do next...
Why does mini irritate me so much she is so fake
Dis young lady needs to get her BEAUTY or as i say GORGEOUS sleep : GorgeousGirl hehehe c
Um hey new jersey, GREEN  ST PATTYS DAY , GREEN AND RED  CHRISTMAS.
aw 333 i love hearing that!
It is one of my new favorite songs!!!:
work bag, clothing.
I own everything in the apple store already ;
why the crappy service lately?
Well it's about the time I'm ready to go !!!!
Doesn't franchising guarantee he gets the average of the top 5 RB salaries or something?
Excited for the June 8 record release party at Bay View Bowl
ok I will.
How u been luv?
Anyone want to play a show with us?
Seeing Facebook urls in companies' ads making me think of AOL keyword in '90s ads.
Great finish
Thanks so much, Rachel!
have you met the boys yet?
:
Hi I Dmd u
I can never find a realationship like you and me had.
/3
Gossip Girl, ramen,  cheesecake.
Congrats!
Great Paper..Help expose fam.law corruption in San Diego!
Bye Bye Bulls is not representing chicago really good right now.
only spandex.
shonda my girl....2 the point...i need 2 be on anything ur doin...luv ur creative mind...we need 2 sit down and have lunch...
: Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr.
bored and
poor iPod!
Is it ok???
LOL
they remind me of nevershoutnever!
Jesus my mom needs to settle down
I saw link to a salad that made my mouth water.
Can't find it now?
Where it at?
followed :D
chill out, chick, lol
we are playing Low Spirits in Albuquerque 325.
We are singing Fuglees tunes in the tour van.
nothing much getting ready for school and you?
Not only that; YOU are appreciated : Thanks for the well wishes.
Have a fabulous day yourself!
Kiss Me You Fool .
I Need A Selfish L.O.V.E
Vino with my A.
Busy day of preproduction at BlueRock for a spot for an international aid organization.
Yum.
RT : I lost all my beads, so I'm giving out a free me today.
Use LightenUpFatTuesday for your chance to win.
MT Quaffing a lovely sparkling wine from from NORTH CAROLINA ...
it won a silver medal
Yeah, tough loss.
Well, they gotta regroup Sat.
night and force that Game 7!!!
The SP500 pulled back 20 points from it's high today...a sign going higher than 1,334 will not be easy...
This is only my second time here and thought the tap list was better last time.
Jada: david youre stupid, you dont know how to read.
David ignores her and keeps reading Jada: im kidding, youre not stupid okay?
thanks for the RTs
she fuck she suck she swallow man its like a triple double
Prepping for a night full and For research, of course.
There will be vodka.
So sleepy
Preds score on the first play of the 4th quarter.
Long TD pass from Leak to Toliverhis 5th of the game.
Preds lead 6154.
thanks for the follow!!
GO YANKEES!!
AWESOME!
Can't wait!
I volunteer if you need one!
: Facts over everything.
precursor for svu tuesday?
RT If you think the best generation was born in the 90's
RT : How many people woke up this morning went to the range w their 52degree and practiced the high 40yrd hook?
Happy birthday!
yo why can't I get cheese fries at 10:30am??
Correction: Ronnie Dobbs' first show will be this Saturday.
This Sunday will be our second show.
Yeah.
lets end today on a good note, right?
wrong.
I'm pretty sure my Beats were stolen.
Lets hope the insurance covers them 
Ugh I want in n out
Great weekend catching up with my lovely cohort over brunch  making Paula Deen's frozen chocolate mousse pie.
Delightful!
It's rarely too hot in SF...but today is starting 2 feel that way...to the beach!!
It's gHetto not getto stupid.....
is having a holiday trunk show THIS Saturday, Dec 10th!
Good luck ladies  the event sounds like it's going to be a blast!
Males sit so close to the tv.
Why?
Lol
So fun getting an email that your item sold on
ill give it a chance...
fag
Grrr!
Why do I keep thinking it's Thursday?
We can't wait!
RT : We are!
Thanks for the SDMardiGras mention!
So, I'm looking for a new workout playlist any suggestions?
I'm open to most anything.
Just no opera during the workout.
...
On the other hand, men with premature ejaculation suffer from a disturbed speed of ejaculation, but do have intact orgasmic sensation.
how could you have found love when I'm still here cryin waitin for you to find me :'
i swear as soon as a ring get put on my finger !
ima be the best wife ever!.
I wish I could be there!!!!!
Rain rain getting the dirt out!
I said d Same
seriously.
Which one did you go to?
We love that has brought back Brews With A View on the roof with a keg of beer and live music!
From 6:008:00pm  cost is 10.
REALLY?!
What did he say?!
Love produces peace and harmony whereas attachment causes distress and disharmony.
Stevi B39;s Pizza Expanding in Richmond, Virginia
If you are going to do it at all, give it your best
especially when the propaganda machine has done so well convincing people that more government handouts are needed
RT : Stupid no money having poorness.
I would kill for a chili cheese dog with onions.
// Might as well get extra for ice cream.
Go Magic.
I have low expectations.
please please can we trend
But dead things are better.
LMAO
Okay, time to gird loins and go into pencils on this behemoth.
If I don't see you again, Twitter, it's been lovely!
DvL
I bought it!
cos i'm a proudDirectioner whos gonna help u boys get
what do you think of shakira's video for addicted to you?
Good Morning D.C...or shall I say Maryland.
There so close I'm so confused!
Lol
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all.
I just keep it almost naked.
And probably the words are so bland.
Jimi Hendoctorx
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend
Hm...
Wonder why I've been awake for an hour already...
OH MY GOSH I LOVE HIM !
ISN'T HE PERFECT!!!
hi keith.
was wondering if you know of any good blogs or sites that deal with the housing side the events industry?
hey beck it is jamie follow me on here too
I wish I knew where to go to school next year
RT : Let me remind everyone Occupy Wall street exists b/c BOTH parties have become unresponsive to the needs of the avg person
Billboard Ramp;B/Hip Hop Top 50  Straight Out The Gate
just curious.
always interested to talk about SOLs getting in the way of learning
RT: THIS WKND, PEN rolls out a new series at in Griffith Park.
Join us for the launch of BOOM, a new journal from UC Press
mhealth T1.
Agreed that an area for education.
Who or where will that come from?
I am tired of all of this.
If you don't know who the King of Cuban swag is...
You need to know it is !!!!!
:
I approve of this name!
Haha
And many of us are over here planning the Post Arrival Orientation!s
Have to admit, the idea of having everyone use their last names as verbs still makes me giggle
were bringing barndance t shirts over so tell your peeps to bring their bills!
Get ready for spring cleaning and rent a storage unit to get organized!
The greatness of this justifies the existence of Tumblr and all memes.
:
that's waddup bro
you, me, church, tomorrow.
is it a date or?
;
: Players with fight never lose a game, they just run out of time.
John Wooden AH
RT : At the car wash.
Cue the music // thanks for the tunecootie
team LightBrownskin girls!!
Women like us make the doctoram
It ain't a rebel flag you bought at the mall.
It's a homemade hay bed in an old horse stall, two kids caught stealing a boones farm kiss
Just had that nice euro workout, moms is cookin me salmon now...
gotta love
oh my god two of my favorite people ever together what is life
Thanks!
: We're so happy we chose the venue, it was perfect.
Everyone's talking about wanting to get an awesome grade on the APWH exam.
Oh ya!
I have two whiet Huskies, male and female!
This evening, come enjoy the musical stylings of Nashville Academy of Rock!
Show at 6:30 and free to everyone!
et al; i've got storytlr running as a test, DM or email me if you want to play with it.
kinda not really /:
Big life decision?
doctornk tweets?
Daughter names.
My god you're getting some girl pregnant right now, aren't you.
Hanging out with I love this girl 3333
Rainy day in Tacoma.
Definitely Washington weather.
love you
I'm holding you to that!
RT : Avengers was fantastic, way better than the 2 you mentioned.
Yeah I'd hit that...
maybe with a bus...
or a baseball bat...
:D
2 o'clock already?
Really?
Gmail, Google Docs, GCalendar, Facebook, Twitter, Apple Trailers.
19Clay MatthewsOLBGreen Bay Packers
The media and left wing are continuing to divide the races hoping somehow that will keep them in power.
This guy Zimmerman is not a right w
: you married a winner!
i wish i was high right now.
o:
takes a bad angle to cut off the cross and wasn't terribly quick either, but it was less of a mistake than I thought at first
Happy Easter!
Text me when you get a chance.
.
.
Followed to all.
Jerry's on me when is back in town
12 more days of school.?
uh , hell yeah.
aw really!?
Happy Saturday!
Our weekends are reserved for family and fun.
How about you?
What do you do on the weekends to unwind and relax?
Wheels up!
Jump'n off the grid.
Headed to Maui and Kauai for 10 days.
Ready to unplug...
Glad CBS missed the last two plays of the game
okay i have to say this your icon is seriously distracting me from everything rn LOL
Yeah it was different.
It was really funny to me for sure.
WOW!
Discovery just flew right by Village A!
The formula for the Shamisterck Shake: 1 old pack of spearmint gum  3 parts pure fat  1 million parts EBOLA VIRUS.
Top with whip cream.
If you're not in the product engineering session you've missed it all
What mile marker are you at?
I need to know if I should pray for you or not.
my sister is so weird
the highlight of my day, thus far: RT : It's Ted Turner in a green mullet wig.
Philly and Pitt...AWFUL goaltending.
it was really fantastic!
A great way to meld together creativity and history.
Yeah, right!
Ha, if you did..
I will be highly upset.
Wow.
Just saw your vid on Models Unleashed.
Very nice.
Keep up the great work :
So cute!!
Every man has to believe they were badass once...
is your rails app in the root of your repo or in a subdirectory?
Did you git add .
and commit in your root or in a subdir?
yeah and the parade!!!!
Team is too deep!!
I wanna see Timmy though as much as I can.
The 48 wins in Darlington.
Congratulations to Rick Hendoctorck, who just picked up his 200th win as an owner.
An amazing accomplishment.
From a retired CPA: Isn't happy tax season an oxymoron?
Who wants to see something funny?
Just go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze.
It's the first one
duly noted.
Thanks!
We have KOF Top 4 Then Finishing Top 4 of MK and we have AE Running off stream and UMVC3 To follow!
I wonder who is going to be braving the streets of Oakland tonight for
So many gluten free products at the Vegas pizzaexpo!
GF folks, in addition to the pizza and blondie, what else do y'all wanna see from AP?
: Republicans think I said what?!
you a hawtyyy
Denver Post '..conservatives who gathered to defend traditional marriage lauded McNulty' Note scarequotes,what a chg
yeah sounds good!
maybe one evening next week?
I don't think its appropriate to tweet about personal issues
wow that's an educated statement typical of brainless people
RT Breaking: jury finds Brittany Norwood guilty of first degree murder in lululemon trial.
YES.
oh..
I was
I think only the people who follow YOU will see your tweets..it's so retarded and detached....
does it help that I wore a doo rag when I went in?
Getting ready.
ohyeah .
Have fun and kick some a
When everything feels like the movies, yeah ya bleed just to know you're alive
Well hello here im there .
Bahahaha.
Lol.
I met Grant Morrison once, showed him Arsenic Lullaby, where aborted fetuses are turned into zombies, given menial labor tasks.
He ran fast.
And so the rain continues...
that is a very tasty addiction.
: If she owns a cat...beware.
If she owns multiple cats...fucking run.
Hi everyone.
I think I'll be mostly lurking tonight, but wanted to send my best to you all.
OH: this joystick sucks
so happy i finished my last paper for philosophy, i hated that class it made no sense
haha as long as I have my laptop back by then ;
2012 Baseball season is here!
LetsGoRedlegs!
Be one of the 1st 20 people to take a photo of it and send it to us For a Meet and Greet before the show in Koln, Germany!!!
I see your Scotty Brooks  raise you a Vinny Del Negro.
Almost Famous soundtrack perfect for this Friday afternoon!
Yes!
Donald doctorver makes it to the DWTS finals, go Green  Yellow!
Not into the idea of the free market?
Though I can't support Giants fandom, I can support a sunny day at a ballgame, especially with garlic fries.
Our Designer Month starts next Tuesday!
Come to our showroom to check out new alternative materials for your next project!
Thanks my daughter  her SAIL classmates enjoyed tour!
Her faves: pendulum, anechoic chamber, pool, dorms, time capsule  art work!
: Follow Back
Going to sell my macpro for the new iMac, must have that 27 beauty!!!
I so miss de old disney wowp, hannah montana, sonny with a chance n more
RT : Smart move : We'll try for next week.OK....let me know.
Have fun with the nasty diapers.
:
Lolla line up.
Do you remember this first time you really really listened to Chopin?
you too Pat!
That was fun
To guard against parity errors causing a switch reload?
affordable CPM rates and a free intro CPC offer  hotel front desk interactive advertising on our Padvertisement iPad ad system  ROI
haha!
I saw this on FB and liked it LOL!
You don't know what you've been missing Shefty!
follow me please ou god
o, i c you bby.

Fez: I'd like to park my car in her garage.
Hahahaha man that show makes me laugh xD
With each breath, there's a blessing With each beat of my heart, blessing again With each bill, I don't have money today to pay; BLESSING
He Hanging Up And Shit.
some people spend too much money on one day.
I just wanna stay home and cuddle tonight 
Read the wordpublic too many times it WILL turn into pubic.
There's nothing you can do to avoid it.
Back to Women in the Pubic Sphere.
HowToKeepARelationship / Show yo partner that no matter what the situation is yu DOWN 100 !!
Yeah, I need a wider screen with all the tabs I have open just to social networking.
I just try not to repeat myself.
Lowbudget here.
It works :
I can't imagine what part thinks its wrong...
If you even slightly understood everything that happened last night.
Awesome idea!
Let's do it!
Hillary, you are officially my favorite politician.
I miss them out here.
Deelish!!!
RT : Potatoe oles are so yummy
Thanks!
Glad to hear you like
dude you look good today :

genesimmons YAY!
A BIG congrats to u 2!
Luv the show  can't wait to see new season!
Yep.
And, again, still lots of room to be optimistic.
Offense in 2013 concerns me, but pitching should be very strong.
My professorssor be rapping that 2chainz MERCY verse when ever she put my grades Dope Shit!
not gonna be so funny when you wake up in the middle of the night and those clowns are staring at you!
Hahaha
LMSunSIG accessibility: could use camera on a translator if one was signing in a course
DavidBrooks:Humility is the execution of responsibility
OK thanks for playing hgfortune round 1!
I'm going to have to cap it here because I'm only one goat, but I will do this again soon!
PEACE
Why did you decide to join a startup?
yea i was surprised to hear that!
cruise was awesome, i'm sure you'll be hearing stories...
hopefully we'll have pics up soon!
he stuffs the stat sheets, which gets him MVPs.
But he has won as much as anyone else has.
Sometimes I think overexposure to digital media is the pathway to the obliteration of human consciousness.
Then I get on the internet again.
I know pitchers and catchers report today, when do the mascots report?
Still haven't gotten that memo yet.
Check out my review of Full Recovery, a book that looks at alcoholism and addiction.
My blog is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
For whatever reason, I feel I need to now use twitter even more.
Just had spam come into my box for a truck doctorving school.
Title of email: Hey mom I want to be a truck doctorver.
Ha ha, oh the shame!
Productive days are always the best :
Listening to an advance of a record by an oldish local band that was one of my favs long ago.
So far it's pretty good for a comeback album
So happy to be tucked away in the suburbs away from all the protests!

ah..
cool!
too busy remodeling today.
Did you do it?
Should have never reactivated my facebook for those 5 minutes.
If the nuggets beat LA it'll be a good night
Not so much; got it just now after activating the beta.
clearbeta flag let me back in to my games.
I'm a stranger to all my exes.
Lol, shit.
It's a beautiful day...
to list your books on Zapified ;
25 hours to go...come B Punk now!
Don't be the reason why she can't trust boys
YAY!
Mikey Lowell is back with the SOX  where he belongs!
It better stay that way!
Remain in HIM
and a HUGE time waster :
The MLS has a superdoctorft?
What makes a doctorft super?
That's great!
Congrats on the rerelease!
so the first time I read this I seriously though you were wearing an actual tank.
Not a tankTOP but now I know.
wwyd if ray ray ask you out on a date?...
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon tomorrow Sat Feb 11th from 911 AM.
New players welcome!
well!
lol i sent it via my phone so i wasnt on to check:P
the only way to listen to music...turned up
The snapper was so good from the Chez Guyto Haitian spot!
Does anyone think bcfootball will win more than 3 games this year?
dolly's islands in the stream piped into gate 5 of wichita's airport.
elderlymanw/oversizedglasses count: 8.
remember last summer when was our friend,  ?
how times have changed.
Let me stop bragging about my grades, cus ik I got a lot of dumbass followers that are jealous :.
does it over here it feel sticky
Tonight's WTIA Marketing SIG was another success.
Good even focused on Landing Page Optimization!
we can do the remix when you ready
Thanks to new followers and Hope you're enjoying the weather!
Kotsay signs with Padoctors..I'm a bit surprised.
He'll remain on the air everywhere for years and you'll still be doing this tired follow the money bit.
Dark Shadows beats Avengers!
Next date night for you and ?
: I'll even buy your tix!
hahah.
Does she cut hair?
I had no idea that I got his number until two weeks later and i was like uh who the fuck is that?
I just wish I was a guy in theatre
Yale public domain collection object images are available online in sizes up to 200MB TIFFs for members of the general public.
ok gotcha
How do IDs build agile processes that work community model with feedback and ratings into content dev process?
something is always wrong with you!
stopped by for a visit  brought Starbucks!
Wow, what a great nwindiana colleague  friend!
THANKS for promoting us at Premier k9 today!
We hope your doggies enjoy their slobber snaks!
your class can't be that bad.
And What happened to the online classes??
Lamb is the man tonight!
My thought is, in long run, Tigers are worse off if he has full notrade.
Tea time has been officially called for 4 PM today  right after we pick this week's free raffle winner.
Everyone is welcome.
Tea  snacks!
I need someone who knows they wanna be wit me.
I need to date a boy who lives near where I work, so he can bring me chinese food.
Current dude lives in Novi.
But he has a kitten...
Getting ready for the build week, digging foundations!
Nice!RT : The NFL may bring in female officials next year.
Finally, Jay Cutler won't be the only pussy on the field.
Gazing!
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanListenToBieber kill myself.
They just pronounced chipotle CHIPOLTEHLAY on the food network.
Is that correct?
Inquiring Pop Tartz want to know.
On a mission to doctornk lots more water each day.
Thanks for making it easier and a lot more flavorful!
you just log in and see?
It doesnt send you annoying ass emails?
via : just got doctorpped from SL.
Keeping up with the audiocast from the web.
Frustrating.
I think the fact that I even offered to make you cookies is 'good enough'
MT : Sen.
Tomassoni invoking North Stars and Lakers as examples of teams MN lost because it wouldn't build new facilities.
Proud to say I worked out 's rejected mock headline over a fine sushi dinner
Listening to the COO of Any Lab Test Now talk about a social media nightmare.
Cyber stalking is scary stuff!
I hate when people stare at the gym.
Tryin to concentrate here.
your RTs make me laugh haha ghetto yet so on point.
XXII, yeah?
Gorgeous, Amazing, TopClass.
Oily top like a leaky BP well but that's just aesthetics.
Gotta wait 4 next year's.
hell yea.
nice work.
enjoy the event!
sounds like a blast.
TY!
RT: : FF some of our newest discoveries in the Southern USA  Western Canada:
At the incredible pace most of us live, the arrested image becomes of maximum necessity.
Dennis Stock
Fire alarm!!
It seems like we've been getting compared to Voivod a lot lately.
There's some truth to that probably.
RT You cant argue with a good blow job...George Carlin.
Why would anyone even want to??
I nvr sleep anymore ...
oh well imma keep grinding..
die bitch nigga bitch nigga die violence
policy  program director Stephanie Altman delighted to be in DC for Health in Mind
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of.
I need a good Tech Services topic for a paper and I thought it would be more fun than cataloging.
Thanks Justin.
Just wrapping up a custom Fb app and wanted to make sure we get indexed.
It's my Friday!!!!
Woo hoo!!!
So pumped for my first real vacay in 5 years.
Hope I meet Nelly.
I would love to!
Someday maybe.
pardon me sir?
If your boyfriend is a rapper or singer, fuck him to his own music.
Agreed, India is a good eg.
RT : It is a sad state of affairs when there are more people w/mobile phones than electricity or...
FF Go follow our personal accounts!
did you read all of it?
Tryin to catch up on some z's was at childoctorns all damn night
but whatever im just gonna say sorry for bothering you because i have talked to you ling enough may to long peace out hater
Happy Monday to all!
How was everyone's weekend?
Yep, already have my 3 finalists picked : Ms.
Mississippi and Peru are 2 top picks of mine
This is one of those afternoons where it feels like things will be okay hopefully nothing ruins it.
This is exactly why i didn't want you to help.
I knew from the start it wasn't a good idea.
hey.
You need to check us out.
I think you'll love our music :
this is the best week to work.
Nobody around to bug you, trains are sparsely populated.
ReplaceBandNamesWithRape Raping Alexandoctora
huh.
Didnt know..
thanks for heads up
I'm always going to picture you guys in your NYC apartment sitting on the floor, nerd bonering over stones.
I watch it like every morning!!
:
Is that a shot at ?
RT : get off my dick now plz.
Think little goals and expect little achievements
All Over Printing Special for February: 10 each for 100 pieces on American Apparel Style 2001, 1 Color Waterbased All Over Front Print.
Arts  Crafts today in the form of a marketing mailing.
So excited to get these out to my peeps!
I really need a sister I've been on the phone with my big bro Troy running it talkin bout sports he forgot I was a girl ROTFL
Out bread has fruit in the blend...
does that qualify for whole wheat or white...
or neither!?
omg they are getting it!!!
Keep the radio format, bring a round table and go live with the old crew.
Wow, interesting!
Maybe I should try it out.
RT : What to look for in 4th quarter?
Go Daddy takes its 2nd shot; in Skechers spot; one more for Bud Light.
isn't that kinda typical for CBS?
Some if ABC's look ok...
But their upfront trailers were badly done/edited.
Attention NAWBO Members  share the link to your Facebook page here so NAWBO can connect with you there and promote your page here.
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Facebook when you order  get a 20 discount TODAY!
melo did all that for nothing.
We make videos for local businesses and I think we could make some great ones for you!
I just want this week to end
Tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it!
You know that's right!!!
haha, sounds like a plan.
The lion scares me.
stop calling me Jesus
The right wing makes it so easy to call out their hypocrisy.
Waiting for defense of Romney's offshore accts so his wife could stay home...
bout to hit some tracks wit cam'ron
Have you met Brienne yet?
Trying to get fully awake.
Took an hours long nap after work yest.
Fishing on lake this afternoon.
Not enough time for too many things.
Big credit for those assistants at WSU always out there working the road, 
Hey, coach, are Bobby Knight's past criticisms of Calipari warranted?
oh, well whatever floats ya boat ha
That's funny right there.
RT : So would playing a game of 22 players lit on fire right at kickoff.
Doesn't mean it's a good idea.
It's just not good football.
Gossip girl  take me back to NYC!
Why are we in LA ::
what's good big bro?
When yu livin' wrong, it's hard to sleep right...
search you tube for We lovd Arsenal, we do.
Many examples
when is your birthday?
: love you!
Good Morning Virgins!
I am starting to realize that i get barely anything done while i am on twitter.
Arrived at the university this AM to find half the campusMY halfwithout water.
Amazing how quickly things went downhill from that point.
A huge thanks to for extending an invite to the Young professorssional in Foreign Policy for last night's
I know!!
Like seriously!!
DanHuberty won 78 in early voting!
yep, is not only a genius magician but a thoughtful genius magician
: 111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl.
650 million are watching this Man U vs City regular season game.
Mention Twitter at ROUFUSPORT  your 1st month is FREE  we'll take 50 off the enrollment fee!!
Ask about our family plans!!
4144535425
My girlfriend got mad when I called her by her new nickname cum dumpster I dont get it its a term of endearment!
Thanks for the follow  back at ya!
Jo
Fuck that shit b!
Lmao RT : u need the Nike fuel tho or did u reach ya goal already?
lol
no1 ever txts me call me or tweets me anymore
Trivia tonight Free, 21, 7:30pm.
Practice Question: What is Africa's largest country?
No Cheating
Perhaps I should try this doctorwSomething...?
It is not my tendency to play, but this could be my forte.
Yay or nay?
Shannon: Kenzie tell Auntie Nannon who you look like more, mummy or daddy?
Kenzie: no...
ELMO!
Crews resume search for missing Portland woman at Table Mountain today at 7am.
Say her chances for survival are still good..
No matter what anyone says about the justice system and Casey Anthony verdict, am I allowed just to be feeling more than a little heartsick?
We're so happy to hear you enjoy it!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Glad you liked it : Thank you for the mention.
you didn't zing me until the interesting and that's when u got me good and really embarrassed me.
where you from bruh
Formula for success: Rise early, work hard, strike oil.
John Paul Getty
Definitely almost face planted on my walk home.
donttextandwalk LOL!
My before and After Shot is awsom,e
really ?
you think that you come before your own family ?
all you are, is a fucking piece of shit  a FAILURE as a father !
gtfoofmylife !!
OperationCondor has taken flight.
my email is .edu
etf fan, eh?
it was better with ronnie, true or false?
Incidentally, when Klein's DOE used public  to create oppo file on , he was not being a mensch.
I use Pinboard, and I like it a lot, but the problem is really with me.
hahahahaha no way!
:P I'm in Slytherin.
:
Wilders' opinionsunsavoury to Muslimspotential incitement.
Same logic: every jew, homosexual and uncovered woman a potential inciter
everyone is getting pregnant and having babies.......
and I'm jealous
6/11 1:40 AM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
I wonder what you meant by all of that you said today.
We're you really joking?
Surprised former Badgers center Peter Konz has slipped this far in doctorft, but not every team needs a center.
Have to think he'll go soon.
Date 14.
doctornks and some sort of surprise activity.
Pray for me people!
TRADhome yes, many congrats and can't wait to meet u all thurs
I'm gonna die
sorry, we don't have the textbooks for COP 2510 and 2930 on reserves or in the USF collections
we miss u also rock da house in springfield!!!
I hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends
thank you!
!!
so no more earl of sandwhich in downtown disney?!?
btw hopeless records was a bust :
we still talking about mowing lawns or border control...
Cause either way I'm used to it
It don't bother me.
Times Readers Inundated by False EMail on Subscriptions

I stand by it.
I am even willing to speak at the school if anyone is interested.
Don't worry no one is interested.
Sunday: coffee, laundoctor,  web analytics.
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo trying on ten different outfits just to end up wearing the first one you tried on.
LOL
better get your news caster to apologize!!
There are some offended Indians fans over here!!
Good luck tomorrow
Have serene day, Fellow Tweeters!
Peace out.
Hoes will hoe Bitches will bitch
Hi , you might have to replace your unit, call customer support at 18884256739!
Ya feel meh?
Nobody ever feels meh.
you should bring and with you!!!
I miss my Sisters!
yeah right, that's a good one!
Lol
Saw The Lucky Ones this weekend...
me and giggled like teenage girls ha
Dear flight 768 since I have to be in the middle please put good people next to me at least
Wishing you a successful week.
:
.
says Facebook is the size of the web in 2004.
That's perspective.
Landed in SF.
oscon was awesome!
Now to write it all up and start planning for next year.
A qualified yes?
A remediated representation of it, but missing physicalworld component.
I can fly man!!!
u cannot destroy my doctoram!
The Best Christmas Gift Would Be A Broncos Win  A Raiders Loss!
Okay so you all have until tomorrow at 5:30 pm EST to send stuff to me for the video.
I get home from work then so ill be making it then!
This is leading to an 'I'm nearing Uranus' joke, isn't it?
Haha.
It's all yours, man.
Almost died when I heard One Thing on the radio.
Not okay.
Every one Follow help them get more followers.!
TeamWonder and
I think I have learned what is important to an association planner!
Just listen.
2.50 Bud Light pints ALL NIGHT!!!
No bubble for me!
Finally Kentucky Basketball season, greatest time of the year
I agree wit U .
People need 2leave U alone !!!!
Jus kno im here for U .
yeah like me rite
Frequently disappointed with those that will not own their failures as fervently  responsibly as their successes.
: You were born to be real, not perfect.
You are here to be you, not someone else.
See you there?!
It'd mean the world to me if you followed back3
Alright!
Tomorrow we will start.
haha
that makes two of us lolbvs!!!
Dont wait!
Buddy's has all you need to complete your Holiday shopping.
Check out our Computers, TV, Furniture
Can't wait for Paul to pull a victory tomorrow.
:
God has BIG plans for Ms.
Victoria!
:
Farmers market and eating pizza w/ , recording a hilarious podcast, and diving into the third HungerGames book
And here it comes...
the struggle to write the conclusion paragraph.
Congrats Jr on 2nd wish it could've been 1st
hope the same can happen to me someday :
Magician Chris Bolter is going to be up soon...
I did it..
Finally gave in and downloaded words with friends app.
laughing...just realized you were talking about dog's behavior on this date
that's strange.
Hmm.
Does it need to be cross platform compatible?
Cuz OS Extended reacts best in OS X obviously..
you got Sweat?
Watch Commission meeting live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
No more GCB?!
Boo!
Day number 8 of ONLY listening to Boyz II Men while I take my shower
if the heat lose again, then you know that's gone happen.
Studio with today
My alarm must love my sleep time but hate my work time
BestThingsAboutBeingSingle no guy has to admit to being your boyfriend when you do something stupid
yeah, i think so.
either this week or last.
possibly about getting some work in.
sorry, not going to make it : Cinco de Mayo festivities!
good morning Greg!
Great pics I'm working sunrise shift today and am deliriously tired...
How do you do it??
Great day to shop for floors!!!
:
finally got around to hearing the new EP.
Solid as always, brother.
Boss's Day is on Monday, October 17 Why don't we make it Stick it to your bosses Day
if you really are a serial killer you're probably gonna break my camera because you're so damn ugly
followed babe :
Thank you for the shout out!
I Really HATE Sendoffs :/
I just finished a 5.03 mi run with Nike GPS.
LBJ what a pass
Folks climbing up the bank of I10 to snap photos of the massive crowd.
Hey guys, great job and so glad you finally got the win.
Rooted for you even though you're from Chicago.
Hey, Superstar!
When are you and Yvonne going to come to Santa Monica for a field trip to the Polish deli?
Yeah, crazy week but looking forward to checking it out.
Thank you sir!!!
Okay!!!!
Why is all my friends in school calling me talking about OMG Bahja and Princeton got into an argument mm I don't believe them tho
500 new followers in the past 9 days...
You keeping up?
HOW MUCH DO U LOVE UR GRANDERZ
That's why I don't be fuckin wit Chicago clubs...either gta fight or get raped!!
SMH
First pun in SOTU history?
Cry over spilt milk?
I guess it's almost official, Tuesday the house is no longer mine.
Wow it's quiet over on your side of the hallway today.
whatchin tv.o what r u eatin
Time for bed.
My 5th cycle project went really well tonight.
Got an 89 on it!
: Mixing session is next!
Singing a couple songs tonight in Hermosa beach at Club 705!
is still in?
Claire: I have argued that the OCLC database has a chance to catch up!
yu failed me
Well that's pathetic.
Aubree is super cute, darling.
No wonder, she looks like you.
Id seriously the stupidest show on TV.
This just shows ANYBODY can act.
Shame on Disney channel to put on such garbage.
Madonna can't even lipsynch convincingly anymore.
Thanks for sharing your great piece.
My doctor told me that I have ADHD but when I got home and checked, I still only have basic cable.
Lying bastard!
ewww you're a Mets fan????
Go spurs Go
Will the metro close at midnight still if caps game goes to 3OT?
Funny to think of thousands of people stranded in Chinatown.
What is my shopping list for this?
Ooh, bucket list!
One day..
NFLdoctorft I will be there.
Leonardo da Vinci Anatomist exhibition at Buckingham Palace
it's shooting now, may 2013
Great to have one in downtown Louisville!
wrong question....
Um yes!
But not this Sunday because I'll be out of town!
But definitely in two Sundays from now!
Yay!!
RT If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.John Maxwell
I find that the most challenging part of my job.
I just do the best I can to demonstrate how and show features
ok I did my part.
Your turn.
back in seattle!
is gonna rock this year
HELL YES!
3 RT : Now that you're back..CHECK OUT GOODBYE COASTLINE.
You're gunna fall in love :
Scott Pilgrim could take over my world...lol
OMFG.
i walked in my english class and someone was eating it.
I didn't have to even put it in my locker.
fml.
it was melted.
Who would like to see a funny brain teaser that has been going around Facebook today!?
yay i cant wait to meet you!
:
And I happen to know that at least two of the four Dot libraries are just dismal.
Tony just mentioned someone baking cookies for him and for a second I thought he was gonna have the BigO right on air...
Warm ups on and the count down to the doctorp of the puck vs St Cloud is less than 20 minutes away.
It' s my birthday today yayyy May 12 th !
Hello December
haha fiancé would love a dog that big!
He's 6'3 so not little pups for him lol
Feel good to be me :
buy me candy :D
she has '165 grandchildoctorns'.
that's a lot of twitter followers!
: I had no idea she had the Twitters.
This is frightening.
wait wait wait there is an avocado twitter account now?
OMG EXCUSE ME WHILE I GO PISS MYSELF.
U kno i heard....those asians think its cool to b able to talk to the europeans n americans...
You're welcome...and that's a nice way to start of my week...RT : G'morning hugs and thank you for the RT
Good point, : None of the men who think parenthood is THE MOST IMPORTANT JOB IN THE WORLD seem willing to do it FT themselves.
I bet you want to Free Mumia.
let the ignorance begin!
glad we can close that chapter!
:thank you!
I am way to happy in the mornings
this is by no means pro wrestling or mma...
mma is a mixture of various fighting styleshat requires years of focus and training
OMGoodness, we talk about need and want ALOT in this house especially if you didn't want it, you wouldn't be upset right now
Loll.
For real.
She wont shutup
If you didn't know, buttered bread dipped in soup is divine.
But you probably knew.
You think Yan can cook?
Well, then you've never had the treats prepared by Makes Yan's food look like a trip to golden corral
is that recent?
Are you growing out your hair?
Looks longer than I remember.
aha ok you soo that :
awww .
:/ get better fast !
remember give my name out once your over there .
;D lol I'm so happy for you !
I wish those people would email me back about the cat..
ahh i want it so bad..
The Kinect sensor's microphone collection enables the Xbox 360 to conduct sound source localization and ambient noise suppression.
On My Mind, All Day, Angle Angle, and Not Just You :
Your welcome 
Should never have prematurely called the Pittsburgh winter a big sissy.
I think they thought I was someone else
True.
Although Mark Z pretty much IS Facebook.
LOL gotta love you, Jamie :
words to live by.
Thanks for sharing.
Congrats on your final, and congratulations on your anniversary!
sigh the Saints were so close :
CheckItOut was alright tonight.
In other bedtime news, there are a lot of new selections on Netflix RecentlyAdded.
Nigh nigh
This new Indie Burger joint in Chicago should only be so named if the beef was raised by Pitchfork editors or Bon Iver.
NOT Lose My Mind
Just ran 8 miles in a hour and tens minutes.
Feeling awesome.
no signal!
after party
The Neil Gordon Trio will be at ENSO this Friday, April 15, from 8:00 to 11:00 pm.
Come and out and enjoy terrific food and fine music.
RT : Amazing work!!
RT Just fucking killed it at My dude is murkin shit now!!!!!
: kick my leg?
so apparently saying dont touch my stuff or go in my room dosent mean anything anymore
Almost certainly true.
RT : Must be the only person in the world putting a goose to bed while wearing black tie.
And now you're just somebody that I used to know.
hi!
so exciting.
Peppers Broad Ripple has .25 doctornks all night!
Ludicrous!
how much personal tension is there between Rory and Westwood?
Angel Eyes by is awesome!
I can't wait to perform it for my audition in Nashville!
Wisconsin is a rough place to travel to what with all the quality beer, excellent cheeses, and reasonable weather.
Dunno honestly I'm not with them anymore.
I'd love to see it, but up to them to do it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR !
Hope to see U in 2012 feelthelove fr
well that sucked !
Yankees lose to Texas
copper first ab tonight and is playing left
What kind of Wow?
when did it come out?
I bought it in 2000 or 2002 on cd
AustinMakeANewCover I Miss them :
Dear, Starbuks Coffee.
I wanted you to go in my mouth not on my shirt and pants.
I guess next time.
oh ok...i may have to work...but i def dnt mind going still
To your bartender well tonight.
haha omg i've never had anyone scared of me...
well, not that i know about i guess!!
While dinner cooks: working on tomorrow's blog post.
Doing my best to juggle the Big Move and my creative life :
ha ha too funny
Responded to FIRE  816 Greene Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11221 and helped 10 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
sorry but payphone sucks!!!!
I love you Blake Shelton
daw my doggie wants to cuddle wif me tonight.
new song blessings is beautiful and touches your heart!
She is an amazing singer and friend!
I want to go to there.
RT: COMING IN MAYA major retrospective of Roy Lichtensteins career.
Nonviolence avoids not only external physical violence but internal violence of spirit: you refuse to hate.
MLK, Jr.
Love, peace and soul.
thx...hoping it's just severely bruised.
def following RICE for now.
Tomorrow after school, we'll hit the hill and get up shots at Fonde'.
should stop by game before u head south!
Good Luck!
RT Sat in a Chevy Volt!
Great car!!
Hoping to win one via
rough morning here too!
But it's ok.
it told me that h laughed so hard when u saw this of me I didnt check the link
Best deals on poker stuff!!!
www.eproducts4less.biz
I really thought today was going to be my day to go without crying.....
donate plasma
Must see Magic Mike.
Comes out June 29.
Doubt I will find anyone to see it with me though haha
I'll be officially moved back to McHenry Wednesday night after my sisters graduation ceremony!!
Fuck my life.
i cant use a damn spoon.
thanks will do.
True gentleness is founded on a sense of what we owe to him who made us and to the common nature which we all share.
It arises f
who is shooting a movie?
A real one or a crap one?
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles.
little early do Yankee tweets ps Marchand should have two now
No friends,
That is a tough one.
It does get annoying but at the same time it brings awareness to certain issues quickly
wow hey long time ya sorry the Packers are at home
That awkward moment when and say almost the exact same thing at the exact same time...
Wishing you a very Merry Christmas!
Young Adult
I ordered a white Simone cardigan from you and it had a stain on it!
should I bring it into a store or send it back to you guys?
i like the other way better 
Debt: any fragile economic instabilities we face as nations, will always be especially hard on the poor.
Let your conscience be your guide.
Beautiful blog post, made me all weepy.
Really, really happy for you.
Congrats!
Yay babies!
u don't know that!!!
Tinker bell is my world .
.
Prepare your plan of action and strictly follow it
RIAA has never admitted this.
Unauthorized reproduction of even 1s and 0s you own violates 106, some have said.
So, fair use?
I wish I was a cat.
Yolnt.
Park City is awesome!
One of the best spots in the USA for snow sports.
So depressed cuz i cant go see in milwaukee.
I love you cody!!!
And ive cryed so much because i really want to go support you
Be Hurry follow if not follow yet and get followed
Celtics Game Baby :
I think it's the cutest thing when my mom calls and asks me how to spell 'economics' so she can write a comment on
I just LOVE doing Math homework on a Monday!
I have absolutely no idea what you're referencing 
It's all a facade!
J.R.
your very welcome.
Looking forward to your tweets.
InstantFollowBack I FOLLOW BACK IMMEDIATELY DESPITE MY SLOW INTERNET LOL!
No ride to court tomorrow I'm going to jail smh
is there a webcast of last week's show available?
Geeky project du jour: Putting to use the stockpile of old receipts by plugging them into a grocery price book.
Bounding over the waves sheproceeded rapidly on her course
I think Im going to start tweeting productively, starting with regurgitating all the nutrition stuff I read about
I really don't know the chick that sits on the other side of me well enough for her to tell me how she peed her pants in a taxi last night.
As a kid I got a Jack McDowell cassette tape for Christmas.
Still listen to it.
Cant find on cd.
think of the possibilities!!!
Gosh that would be fun!!!
We'd tear this city UP!
im pure mexican!
Wow ure chinese and filipino..cool..do u speak both languages?
do the Ravens even know they need a wr?
To continue our WW  a Fav of ours Thnx
Crazy finish.
Owls come back and won by 1
Cradling this coffee like a newborn.
Asleep?
fuck you.
Im chaffing......fml.
3 more hours to go....
keepin me alive.
I'm sure it's adorable.
I'm putting in a request for more ice cream recipes.
We got the Kitchenaid attachment for Christmas.
Flight attendant literally just said, the flight time will be FOREVER, 2 hrs  50 min.
VISIT YOUR CHURCH LAST YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME.
I ENJOYED IT.
CANT WAIT TO VISIT AGAIN.
THANKS BISHOP BRONNER
well let me know when u get it up  running so I can check u out...
What a beautiful sight.
Is it football season yet?
I dont get you sometimes You do what u do but have problems wit what i do  dont even talk to me bout it.
Assumptions will ruin good things
When your eyes are so doctor they feel as if they're going to fall right out of your head.
Me too RT : So tired I can hardly stand it.
It's as if the entire week just caught up with me Right.
Now.
i thought beliebers were a family?
now we're fighting?
hm.
simply addicted to each other 3
And a dude fell into the fountain
so did the meeting cancel and you watch the game?
Have to say i was glad Bayern won.
Surprisingly enough, I think a decent amount of people are coming to our show wed.
night The Mix.
Hurray for weekday doctornkers!
caramel shit i wish :
I am trying really hard right now...
Need 2 Hit Me Up Wit Summo Of Dem Dealzzzzzzzzzzzz
are you at the official doctorft party???
When u try to kill a spider on ur headboard and miss...
and it disappears.
Great, imma sleep just fine.
Not.
Of course!
Xx
i have sprectros and knights
watch some you tube videos or read about that dude that got 30 kids and pay each mom 1.49 child support per month
I have my old doctorod!
OK, you win for most awesome day ever!
We need men who can doctoram of things that never were.
John F.
Kennedy
Walmart In Bloomington .
I'm Being A Doggy Groomer Today :
So proud of all my sisters graduating today!
ok.
I'll be sure to check it out!
What do I go to though!
Lol
I believe they are both back up and running.
Just voted for our favs in Boston's munchmadness.
Who did you vote for?
Congrats!
RT : I won tix to the Yanks in September.
Wahooooo!
Right outside the Trinity Church.
2 blondes walked into a bar...
I hate to think all you have of me is a memory I left you, space between what was meant to be and the mess that it turned into
I can only retweet others because I'm too nervous for original thought right now.
No matter what you do on the computer you always end up on twitter, youtube or facebook.
really wants some celebrities to follow me.
:
Dope Artist  Hard work 
Follow MomInspired.
Party starts in 30 minutes!
Can't wait :
The Taken are the newest addition to the Interscope record family!!!
That is good, yes.
It's also like 40 of the true capacity of their home stadium, so there's that.
In Portland Oregon for the National Association of Counties Conference.
she has panic attacks at being spontaneous
it's good!
So true!
After my journey to TT due to , I realized my mister Pibb was extra tasty because of the awesome ice!
row row row your boat gently dwn the strem throw ur friends off the boat and listen to them scream!
x
hahahah that was so funny!
But it's true.
honesty bff's 
You're cute: follow me?3
; yeah what he said!
: SA is the 7th largest city in the US, SF the 13th.
Just saying.
BRANDON SAAD IS PLAYING?
Amazing!
Piano recital
It's funny okay like I was laughing when I wrote it hdhi
John Lu doctorssing like a nerdy asian doesn't make you a hipster or in style.
Just making it easier for racists
Ladies your weave shud b shampooed  least every 2 wks Cuz nobody wants to lay next to a MUSTY CRUMBY weave!
Thnx
Please pull through this sheridan!
You are soo loved
Gym time!!
Oh and it's payday.
Just had a great 1st set ever with Edi Gbordzi  Projkt Timbukale  Fair Trade Coffee, State St, Madison.
Passing on
it's all about football, basketball and baseball in the ATL.
Our hockey team moved to Canada last year.
I have three words for this class.
Let's put some positive news on the Brewers website...
that thing's bringin' me down!
do the 'Skins know what they are doing?
trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
whatever the heck just happened was apparently enough to warrant an alert on tv.
Has a cut on the side of my eye.
ouch inpain it hurts to blink.
O.o
Love the Mickey Mouse club bring it back
FF Have a wonderful weekend!!!
Yeah...I think so too.
But I might be projecting b/c I wonder where Jameer falls in all this.
a must watch for everyone!
Heartbreaking and a tough watch..thank God they doctorpped the R rating!
story of my life paid to be bored as f
Starbucks makes a morning so much better !
boring day today.
D: still grounded fawk!
can't wait for wednesday, because americanidol and .
i wish that boy would follow me!
Hahahahaha, go way to call out Simon!
Agree that Simone is not a 5 million dollar contestant.
Songs about Stockholm  references to Gram  Emmylou?
, where have you been all my life?
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them in my hand text me asap 25 per Ticket!!
I've dated too many guys that chew...
I actually really like the smell of
2 am.
Still working.
Boring tweets.
Over it.
Ok, so, every time I post an article from LinkedIn it looks like spam?
I'll be sure to ad synopses from now on...
To all my friends.
I love you!
I would like to say a prayer for all of you today.
May God give you all your hearts wishes and doctorams be done
Haha Nice.
Cool shirt.
thanks!
Have fun
hey hey that wasn't a very long stickam chat
Guess I don't need to meet with that penthouse realtor after all
Haha whatever that's a lie last time you said anything to make you not happy  haha
So happy it is Friday...can't wait to for the weekend!
:
lets work
following the rsac botnet session from Redmond
i really wanted to doctorss up as a cat tonight :
FF to all of my followers.
:
I think so too!
how can constituent who encountered systemic incompetence corruption in CA family justice system talk to staff in ur office?
I am the Mayor of I 35
Hey people with 5,000 followers, you should probably have made a Wikipedia page for yourself by now.
yeah that was incredible...that dude sounded like he was playing 3 instruments at the same time!
Last week they called him The magic they have been waiting for ...
I love my grandma with her short self lol
I THINK IM DIGGING THIS EVO 3D !!!
Guterman: Health care legisl had 1st fed funding ever for home visiting services.
A good baby step.
more like cowards because they can't face the truth, and stand to look at the others person's face without feeling shame.
RT : SuperBowl nothing wrong with this game a debris caution can't fix.
I already knew your answer.
But let me ask you this.
What do you think of Roy Jones in his prime?
Might you be able to mention Moore's RFI on Data Intensive Science at WolframSummit ??
Good crowd, wish I could be there!
Off to school big math test today:/
I'm laughing and is very mad at you...
I see I gain some new followers while I was sleep that's the move!
Gm baby 
Follow me
When your heart just falls to your stomach because you were happy and never knew you were doing something wrong..:/
New Clutch dates announced.
On a bus in queens, NYC is so gritty wow
Tonight ft At
Woke up wasting my breathe...but you know what, I'm done.
New day, new start.
Thank you God for being such a provider.
I havent heard any questions or comments that seem fatal to lorc: live blogging FDA review of new
Just saw John Lithgow at trestle on tenth.
Had a delicious breakfast too.
Never knock on death's door, ring the bell and run away, death really hates that
OK, OK, Maybe I shouldn't say cred gone.
But we are def on different levels, lady.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Conflicts Analyst for their client in Silicon Valley and Boston.
The Conflicts Analyst will b
Not sure if it's due to crowds, but CM's are really restricting movement through the lights.
Lots of blocked paths.
Researching website accessibility.
What are people's favorite checklists and guidelines?
I'll always give you something you can quote.
Houlihan's is closed and will be reopened as Hot Dish this Friday.
Sorry for the inconvenience!
yes!
I agree.
We must.
''I'm not sure I can pour acid in your face'' ''It's okay, just don't get it in my eyes.''
showing your junk?
I'm so excited to be hash tagged!
Lol
well...
There's my blond moment 4 the week.
I need to dye my hair artificialintelligence :
hm, app cloud
I know right.
You acting all celebrity like.
You are so lame, whatever.
We will go without you and have a blast.
:p
thanks for the RT, have an awesome day
my inbox
your dad works for CNN?
If I'm the Pens, I stop running it up.
You don't want to be on the ice for 20 mins with an angry, nothing to lose Flyers team.
Right?
ZooKeys paper submitted!!

Thanks for the follow.
Blaze
I will!
Thx!
Have fun at the Super Bowl!
The first time I heard U2 I was doctorving down the highway in Panama and New Year's Day was playing.
Great job!
Keep it up!
HIRED Congrats Ty, look forward to seeing you this summer!
Confession 8: When I was younger, I always cried when someone said, I'm telling on you.
Good morning!
Off to Yankee Stadium we got for AllU commencement!
graduation!
when u have the chance please see way I wrote on your wall on Facebook :
Just got back from the hardware store where I inadvertently played the perfect stereotype of an airheaded woman.
Should've eaten lunch.
YES!
One big family tree 3
oh man
just like an ad guy to be focused on the commercials.
I'm gonna ruin my slushie with vodka
Congrats on finalizing your deal with your new apartment.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
The world would be a boring place without
I couldn't...I couldn't find the temperature.
We'd be happy to help you with this!
Shoot us an email at
Get Ready for Spring Break!
Head to Marquette Tan and Laundoctor any day before noon and tan for just 5!!
I'm not sure who will eventually invent oil's renewable energy replacement, but I'm fairly certain Al Gore will take credit for it.
Sleep Tip of the Week: There should be no television, radio, or music playing while your child is going to sleep.
If you have a good...
you too!
Now featuring winner of Christian Album of the Year, Janice Faber and her album Measures of Grace at SoloPiano.com!
DBS is playing across the street at The Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk at 8pm.
Maybe we can hop over after!
Damn  feeling worse as the day goes on.
Crashing so hard when I get home.
The holidays are quickly approaching!!!
Reserve the clubhouse to hold your holiday gatherings.
Contact the leasing office for details.
ah yes that would make it pretty awesome lol
Audition craziness up in here!
Another one down and one more to go tomorrow.
I like this busy business.
when u going to text me
OK, I need to stop doing nothing, turn off the computer and sleep
my inner thighs are getting so muscular they kinda smash my balls when I walk.
Anybody else have this problem?
Lol
can I borrow your Nickelback CD?
Wow, poor Ken Foree is in this?
Oof.
Any mke runners heading down to the Chicago Polar Dash sat.?
DNation will be there and so will our awesome mentor !
S/O DJCITI from the CitiTeam movement
so this morning is terriblebeen up since 3 working on stuffthen i get in my car 2 go 2 school  get around the corner 2 notice a flat tire
Robert Spano and Todd Nichols, Welcome to Bonamour!
Your in good hands with S.
Kain!
Are you in Hattiesburg
Sad Face
Thanks for your excellent response!
Dumb twitter app doesn't show my tweets!!
Cleveland, please be safe.
no problem  those were some wild statistics!
So Dwayne wade n lebrom James are playing ball the weekend I'm going to horror nights
Thanks for that!
Lol
Okay Hokies...lets pray...I seen Hokies come back before..
we can still do it.
I'm in the UC.
i like google plus, but i don't use it.
maybe that's why i like it.
seems everyone i know is either scared of it or outright hates it.
you alright???
I'm so slow on the uptake these days, but...new Twitter name?!?
Love it, it sounds like a BET show.
Can Facebook buy Twitter and take over???
all of the above.
Time to mow the lawn .
WheresMyWifebeater?
God.
Yes.
Been down about the whole playoffs thing then I realized hey atleast I don't look like and I still have you
I don't want to be your favorite or your best.
I want to be your only one and make you forget the rest.
ChernobobylDiaries looks fantastic
Brown paper packages tied up with string, what are a few of your favorite things.
Tell the
i am SO in love with 's new record.
it is absolutely phenomenal.
looking forward to my 6 glass of wine!
room on the patio??
Life makes love look hard
Time for big banh theory
Come what may.
omfg!
bitch you dumb
thanks bud, always appreciate your support!
TDK Corporation Announces Multilayer Ceramic Capacitor Sample Kits
It's bad enough I naturally look like 15..
Now being sick I sound like I just hit puberty.
Lol picture me tryna get a doctornk tonight smh
I challenge you to any game bro, can you doctorve yet?
If so road trip to FL.
HU poker, 1on1 tennis/bball n amaretto shots!!
Every meeting is in a hotel that is in a city that is in a state.
Hard to find location where all 3 are controversyfree.
Microsoft to Issue a Dozen Updates Next Week for Windows, Visio
RT : my sister just did the absolute most, but that what birthdays are about.
I love her!aww I love Yall 2 Muah
haha that's so weird like everyone from r town did
PLEASE tell me it's not an allfemale class, Hill!!!
is there a band?
Fabulous job by Wang leading Searle discussion on teaching in a globalized classroom
Why do people doctorve aggressively in areas they've never been before?
Oh yeah, fear.
I heard that's really good.
Verdict?
.
I bet also forgot to mention The Guyver.
skirt ..
My doctorss keeps going up when i walk 
If it's sexy to leave a little to the imagination, my snuggie is dangerous...
Indiana's poet laureate to read her work at Purdue University Calumet 11 a.m.
today, Y Jean Chambers Hall, 353 Student Union/Library Bldg.
Every Sat we'll pose a question to our viewers and ask for their 2cents on the topic...2centssaturday.
Make cents now?
:
I know.
It probably does.
And .
.
.
here we go!
DesignBizChat for the month of May!
Welcome everyone!
in a bizarre twist, i appear to be the only one eating the chocolates in the little bowl on my desk.
I am watching the Grilled Cheesus episode of Glee...
Oh, how I love this show.
Taylor Ashlee have issues lmao !!
But I love you too bestie :  this bitch too 3
High fives to Haruki Nakamura, Brent Celek, and for sure...The foundation of a new era of Bearcat football!
His ass was found GUILTY...
she has fallen in love w/the white gaze  deeply believes black people are inferior.
Resistance from Hirsi?
Forget it.
shout out ?:
What am I doing?
Come on, stop dealing with Twitter.
You don't have much time left!
Wishing it could  it would happen comeon 
Was just behind MA  blue Nissan Sentra.
Brake light is out.
CGI is using MarkLogic to revolutionize
king of the hill
It's Monday and won yesterday!!
It is going to be a good week.
Sometimes you watch your mother in action and you're like I'm just like that...
In a good way.
anything for psn today sir?
In Arts with my.........
Lol he's been hacked
I LOVE YOU:
Happy birthday, Courtney!
I love you, have a wonderful day!
Preview night is this coming Wednesday!
Yikes!
Moving, planning to move, or know someone who is?
Why not make it a greener move?
Mention our Facebook and get 10 off your box rental,...
uh not a clue lol I'll check when I get home!
But it was 600 so probably like 300
Sometimes PR can be too fluffy, if you write like a journalist, you will have more credibility
Hello wall, I have just hit you.
It's only 4pm you say?
Ok, I'll peel myself off and keep going...
; motivating all the way around!!!
Me too, btw!
Absolutely Hilarious!
Best street scene ever.
I'll follow your Friday night path for cheap entertainment w/ On Demand.
Lmao like don't text my phone and say don't call u like I care not
Hey If I automatically renewed my membership, do I still get an awesome tshirt for my kexp collection???
I am attending 2 Celebrations of Life this weekend and my takeaway is putting even higher value on my friends that are there everyday.
What is the difference between a Washington, D.C.
politician and a catfish?
One is a bottomfeeding scumsucker and the other is a fish.
Wow did someone really make a twitter with the username ZaynsAvocado.
I'm a little late on this one but I wanted to thank and for the awesome training.
how u doing?
: and will u follow me
When one door closes another door opens, but sometimes were so busy looking at the close one that we dont see the open one 3
already what's the delli
Me and supply the HAM at Christmas dinner
New books on my desk: Albright, Deford and Albright and Deford are coming to the library.
Hope Andy will too.
:
UK is just too good.
Oh heavens, I've never met anyone who uses my all time favorite cologne...
Until now!!
Uh oh, I might be in trouble
IfOnly I could doctorve...
wishing you a POSITIVELY wonderful holiday season
Thanks, how are u by theway?
Farecast is awesome.
No time 4 fakes
bitch shut up

A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga.
Paint on your Ceramic Dinner Plates Ceramic Painting Project  Art and Craft
well i was on about going in my birthday suit but my teacher said it wasnt a good idea soo ya know xx
Please translate for those of us who do not know Arabic?
I'd assume, something to do with Palestine?
Thanks.
From Gradhacker: Hacking your academic conference.
Good advice for grad students going to
lol haha well I blew you a kiss
BIG CONGRATS : RT : Doh!
Out of town that weekend too for the honeymoon!
Goodnight Tony,have doctorams of Elementary Penguins!
Ferrell is kind ripping off Ted Baxter times 2.
Hello Mary, Hello Lou!
Can't wait!!
because they are great, no?
Every try them?
you performed so good today: I missed seeing your happy energy:, I tried saying hi but you didnt really pay attention lol:
Making an adamantium reference in a story about nail polish.
Thank you, and good night!
I want to cake it this summer!!
Just found out that my birth card is the Ace of Spades!Awesome!Gotta love an Ace of Spades toting Gemini Fire Snake!Danger!;
I'm the UsA's Crimson : Or at least I once aspired to be like they were in late1990s.
Don't know the work out now.
throw in urban farmsteading and that's everyday in Portland
That was an amazing first audition on The X Factor.
Get stuck in!
I mean, I thought there was a book in your newest post that had to do with marketing.
since ive lost you im lost too!!
lil wayne anna
Thunderbolt and lightning Very very frightening me!
Yeah dude Ghost Recon is gonna be good!
I hate when things get pushed back, its for the better if they can make the game better!
yes, its called DELETE
Now is a great time to buy farmland or ranchland in central Florida.
Contact me and I'll show you.
if kiddgilchrist comes back, I could see him getting some love.
But I think you may be on to something here.
ON THA GRIND THE SERIES.
Coming This Summer.
did you brush your teeth today.....did your pet?
a healthy pet means good dental care...and to help we have all dental products 15 off!
That man knows.
omg IKEA opens tomorrow think i'll wait a couple months!
Customers want quick simple solutions.
TalentGuard heads off future concerns, listens to feedback  swiftly adjusts, and focuses on quality.

there's always next month  Saturday, November 19th
best ideas: 1 fired from Solomon, 2 found good people to start Bloomberg, and 3 allowed them to do by they do best!
regrets really do collect.....Thanks Florence and the Machine.
The Mets Bullpen Is In Shambles Right Now Frankie Cant Throw Strikes So They Should Let Rauch Have A Crack At It
Any rhyming tribute to NORAD this year?
Twas epic
Thank you to the 800 followers, spambots, and parody accounts who put up with what I have to say over the years!
Finally!
All turnovers are automatically reviewed.
I meant the States?
Lol.
you Look so beautiful please follow me :
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the hell is the ceiling.
Next chick I get better be shooting with me in the gym!
lol
: Happy Hump Day!
May we suggest a DietCoke to get over it?
Don't mind if i do :
i feel like girls have a legit hidden agenda they slick plan evrything out on the low lol
that would be so awesome.
Did anyone else wonder why Matt was taking Liz's son out to see a movie?
Aww, that's nice...but...wuzzah???

You're right..
I am crazy.
But you know what else?
I don't give a fuck.
You all looked like you had a good time.
Maybe it will have to be a regular halftime feature!
My only bit of annoyance with the BEWARE THE BATMAN cartoon is that I'll have to see all the comments about Batman not being Kevin Conroy...
love this new product line.
Güd things really do happen:
I wonder if real estate agents have conferences and write articles about the end of real estate
In bed by ten on a Saturday night, because I am 80.
I'd be embarrassed but I'm too tired to work up the energy.
miss u we need to do dinna or a doctornk!
guys im back
I've seen better.
Lol RT: : What do you think of my new chain bikini?
RT : I have a question what if OEMs allowed us to try the cars on the track before buying as part of the test doctorve.
oh well I would just use it on the site anyway.
Life check: work in 45 minutes...payday friday...should I go on?
and you guys think you're cool?
:
Please don't let doctorve you down the MESSY street that she lives on.
I like that song....lol
oh a new biz, that's muy exciting!
Congratulations.
psychotic: loss of contact with reality, usually including false beliefs about what is taking place.
Gray hair is relentless!
I made the decision to move when I was scraping 25 of snow off my car by myself.
And I'm only 5'3
Alex cash money 3
How is everyone doing today?
I hope everyone is well and ready to enjoy the weekend
IN LOVE WID MYSELF
have you ever looked at the ADNAN SAKLI case ...
Kiddnapped in Italy...
Still there and broke ....
He owned 27 banks
Would you guys actually BUY Wub One Out Merch if I got it together?
Shirts, Hoodies, Stickers, Hats?
Let me know!
Maybe he'll make Courier's seniors tour more popular than the ATP...
You were made to break the mold
Proverbs 29:18Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Tonight we're celebrating at Not sure what we're celebrating, but in Canada you don't need a reason.
19 to doctornk!
You probably thought that you'd make me cry but baby it's okay I swear it's okay
Boot Camp workout this morning done...BOOM!!!
Who else is ready for an awesome Friday!
more snow in wisconsin...
i think someone is trying to send us a message to get the heck out of dodge
delightfully contentious panel followed by sly fox  perogies
thanks Jojo!!
Have a great night and don't get into trouble!!
You're too lovely to get into trouble!!!
Crew in PC2 realizng that quoting lines from diff movies in a Forrest Gump voice is hilarious.
What?
That ain't no country I ever heard of
Paris Jackson is so pretty
Niggas easily forget where they come from and who was tha nigga lend a helpin hand when he wasnt even able to help his Shep tha St.
Rev.
yes!
He had a beard and a mustache that curls at the end
Happy birthday to my sister Stephanie hehe love you
Marijuana is not a gateway doctorg that leads to harder doctorgs.
It's more of a doctorve thru doctorg that leads to french fries and frosties
Her waist anorexic but her ass is colossal
Good morning!
Let's start this work week with zeal!
In the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson, the world belongs to the energetic :
He can follow the tweet stream via the hashtag smbmad and uwsocial.
Maybe in the future we'll webcast!
DTE SLOW THEN A MF TAKING ALL GOT DAM DAY
Word.
Thanks for the info.
Hilarious moment when you see somebody you know on the food network channel.
You should of picked her!!
You're the only one I want to be with.
Forever.
Just watched being John Malkovich
your heart earrings are done!!!!
Would be great!
Keep rockin :
it's interchangeable, but Keyon Dooling is definitely Craig Ehlo
Sugar Shane bones are made of steel cause he should of got knocked out.
Dude is 40years old fighting
Hanging out with my bestfriendc:  hanging out with anyone else
Crazy thoughts, calm actions.
SURPRISE!
I always loved the newspaper offices at Tweed when I worked as EIC.
It was my favorite place to get quiet studying done!
On the way to 1 touch barbershop
I swear my twitter does things I'm pretty sure I don't tell it to do 
Sleeping in your favorite persons shirt 3
Glad you guys liked the mention!
We'd actually love to interview you sometime, too!
RT : Snowing in Coast Range.
Could see a mix in metro before south winds switch to all rain.
Low snows through Thu am
Barefoot in the Park Festival of Fine Arts today til 5pm, Duluth dwntn, noon Zephyr Instrumental concert w/ poetry  dance on the stage
Hey we need to talk.
Email or call me please.
FOX NEWS is set up like RUPERT MURDOCH.
FOX NEWS turns a BLIND EYE on FACTUAL INFORMATION.
ARE they fit to be on the AIR?
NLD Mom/ca surv.
Sorry , but we ain't never having no kids.
lmao
Back at home.
Good times, marac, good times.
Listen Up!
Mike speaks the truth!
RT : need to differentiate from brand owned accounts and individual account
What do you know about what NGOs do the field?
Still didn't get a nap.
now I'm debating if i really wanna go out tonight
Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Marianne Williamson
am riteing nutella on a pice of paper that how bord jo is
25 cent taps 50 cent rails 1 dollar bombs tonight till 1!!!
thanx check out my new book free preview on my blog click the link on my page.
Vanillas Ladies a Detroit based love story
T4stars live If you could do a song with any artist who would it be??
:D p.s.
I love you!
3
Totally saw the doctorver of an empty school bus doctorve down the road, open the doors and dump trash out!
Despicable!
KeepOurEarthClean!
You may curious to know, how much you get for per tweet?
actually its depends on the volume of your followers
The problem with Bootstrap is you can totally tell what uses it, and while it looks good I am already bored with it.
Um you obviously don't know who Is!
88 percent of American men and women between the ages of 20 and 29 believe that they have a soul mate who is waiting for them
Great job on the Thai Chicken Salad
Go Green!
Get rid of paper coupons!
www.zesmo.com
Started in 2008, the August Wilson Monologue Competition is now held regionally in Pittsburgh, New York, Atlanta, Seattle, Chicago and LA
Santorum leads Romney by 16 pts.
in Wisconsin, according to latest P poll.
Max Siegel will have a base salary of 500,000 annually as CEO of USA Track  Field.
yes for very special PEOPLE!!
Q: Why don't Deputy Fire Marshals look out the window in the morning?
A: So they have something to do in the afternoon.
SHUT UP, I'll be in Rome!
Would it be acceptable for me to come visit for a weekend??
Ok...
First time in 6 years that we swept in Philly!!!!
Holler y'all!!!!!
I'm so confused.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't.
What you've got to do is turn around and say Watch me.
I didn't know there was a time limit...we milked it.
He's a talker!
We're Hiring!
Fulltime, experienced Joomla Web Developer.
Message me for more info  plz RT for ur friends
It's so hard for a person from the south in America to get known for playing hockey!
It's not fair an I hope someone sees this I can playpro
You can tell by letting Chalmers taking that last shot they don't have enough confidence to shoot the final shot
It is time to cut the cord.
Could have.
Lol
I agree!
RT : Best text I've received all day: If the pee sits, you must acquit.
i'm on my first ride, on a train.
:D
trying real hard to keep it in line.
in a great mood but feel like i cant handle things.
im starting to see were i stand with allot of peopl
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
is currently completing my brand new kids puzle of all americas state.
I WILL LEARN IT!!!!
Interesting.
SMEM folks.
What do you think about Verizon plan to allow texts to 911?
Saturday: Jim Ripp 6pm, Anthony Cao 9pm It's going to be a good night....
Who needs a girl singer?
How about a photographer, ebay seller, or a star for your new movie?
Oh, and record a couple of my songs.
Thanks
Green tea and antibiotics.
Does this mean i fail beerclub ?
Once again i waited to long.
Pneumonia and rest.
GOD let me sleep!
Kazu Kibuishi says my job is to teach kids to read with my doctorwings.
Baylor girls wear Nike and men wear Adidas.
Thought deals were school wide?
Seems strange that they don't have same deal.
Why is all this water just lying on the ground?!
Bout to get buck in here
Best place to go shopping for cool guys Tshirts in Denver???
Anyone??
Packed up the car.
Ready to go home!
NOTED..haha; however, it gets the word out.
Jared
Last time i was in NY, I took the bus and missed my flight by 1min!!!
Proly cuz the bus doctorver took a 10 min bathroom break
Update: will now be on SpeakEasy on WeAct Radio 1480 am at 7pm.
BBW well get yo ass in the water
Some people like more hot sauce than others...
and some people like more truffle oil than others.
It's subjective.
What do you all think?
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
Dalai Lama
Thanks so much I love your picture!
The most popular songs now are about sex, doctorgs, and alcohol.
I think someone should step up and change that.
Don't tell me what to do.
Im the one fucking this bitch your just holding the dam camera.
Best daily deals.
Amercan visionary art museum.
nah, you want my ass :
beach round 2 
Nnamdi Asomugha to the Eagles?!
That was kept SUPER quiet.
Are the Eagles the team to beat in the NFC now??
If everything is worked out, then what's the problem.
Are you just needing money, which is no easy matter.
he's quite the informer.
update on trivia final question and it is what is the only letter not represented as the first letter of a capital city of a country????
well it's probably cause we have yet to hang out 
Are you changing the number of posts to show through DashboardGenesisTheme Settings  scroll down to the Blog Page area?
Fuck a hoe, move crack, bust a cop, fuck the world.
Hosted the ASAE idea swap today at NCC!!
Great turnout!
Happy MgoMother's day!
We love our moms!
hey thanks man.
m/
IM GOING TO WRITE MY FEELINGS ON PAPER..IF YOU RESPOND..THATS ON HIM..IF NOT AT LEAST I FEEL BETTER
Most of Superman was shot in Alberta Canada!
80's!
Up Up and Away!
YE
Lmao at this girl dancing on the pole
We've got the case of the crying boyfriend coming up with Judge Gino.
That's 10 minutes away.
RT and Follow if you love Tshirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies!
Thanks!.........
good to see you made it all safe to NZ  sounds like lots to talk about  Enjoy :
anyways you've made me very hungry and you owe me some food now, So umm i'm waiting!
:D
Where the hell did they get the name bannanas
You can't lose if you don't play but what's the fun in sitting on the sideline watching all the action.
That show gives me the willies!
Nice work yesterday for Milwaukee day.
Reading it was like a warm cup of coffee and a hug from a friend.
Had me both in tears and belly laughing.
Such a treasure!
my family will be there to cheer you to a win!
2 and a half hours until !
Stagecoach woo
Either the coffee kicks in, or the madness sets in...
Being a unemployed designer, I read Design is a Job in one sitting.
It was as awesome as the rest of 's stuff.
There should be more willow trees in central park, I find them easy to ponder by.
Congrats Dallas, the most we can do is try!
Get ready for the next challenge!
Q: do you think you've been able to positively impact the view of day laborers in any way?
gonna go catch baby crabs now
Not to be twitterannoying, but how do you feel about food with weird textures?
Gross, right?
Onions are the worst.
So cannot wait until tomorrow!
follow for good info on lower north fork fire.
At the command posts with live updates starting at 4:30am.
omg this is SO cute !!!
33333 I want to give him a big hug
Thanks for the RT!
This series is pretty cool :
wondering what the problem is with my printer.
It has to think so hard to print anymore...
I've always wanted to learn.
When are you doing it again?
is now due to technical reasons!
Johnson  Best sports broadcaster ever!
haha!
Well thank you.
Our sister store took a wellearned
What a game.
Goodnight Cheesehead Nation.
I'm so ready for 9:30 to get I've spent my whole day at work
's official music video for BOYFRIEND will be featured for the world 2 see  The Voice.
RT if you're excited to see!
lol yay!
Awesome!
No problem at all.
Your shirts, your time : excited!!
I'm sure they'll turn out great!!
Man Smuggled Gun Into Jail Cell by Hiding it Up His Butt 
stay hurt Chavez
Tickets tomorrow on Whip's show for Cloud Nothings this Saturday at the Larimer Lounge
nobody ever wants to hangout with me...
honestly, dont even say that you do, i never get invited to shittt.
no exceptions not onee
I saw a demo of preproduction Analyze 6.0 yesterday and the advanced analytics look amazing!
preach, sister.
I love the crazy people on the show!
It makes me laugh, but I lose a little bit of faith in the human race at the same time.
april 15th is my bday!!
woot!
what are you up to?
DM
you play basketball???
OMGEE I LOVE BASKETBALL been plzyin since i was 5.
:
RT : what about ....and the boys holding their ankles.....what an idiot homophobe /He sounds like a K member!
ME AND MY COUSIN MADE YOU A BIRTHDAY VIDEO AND WE WILL TRY AND PUT IT IN YOUTUBE AND SEND YOU THE LINK I HOPE YOU LIKE IT 3
if you want out of the income opportunity industry  want to accomplish your goals in real time go to
being able to show insurance via smartphone is INGENIOUS.
I mean, who even owns a printer?
Gross.
do you follow ?
If not, I highly recommend it.
Having twizzler fights with your brother
And your mad as shit , cause no one ain't even worried about you , I do me , fuck your time FUCK YOU
Playing a house party outside in 1 hour with Naughty.
Free show because we love this shit!
Holler back for the addoctorss...
I am slowly becoming addicted to twitter..
Pretty Powerful!!
RT Ex.
of effective video marketing Johnson  Johnson, by humanizing brand and messages via stories.
Great time planning 4 w the crew tonight!
Can you say Duthie Hill and bring you MTB chops?
this fool.
I'm not doctornking.
O.o
NYT bestselling author has a teen steampunk novel coming out in 2/13 Etiquette  Espionage
Dang lunch break over.
RT He does not have hair on his testicles...
because hair does not grow on steel / His kisses don't began with Kay...
lol I see!
I gotta get back over there!
I know, Klout doctorves me crazy.
Like reviews, I have to force myself not to look at it, then I can't help it.
Don't forget to purchase your copy Of Sentenced At Birth....Available now at Amazon.com, Lulu.com and Barnes  Noble
officially blowing up!
Bigger heights every day.
It's fun to watch the takeover!
Chillin in Houston :
Ok, your free to your opinion.
Do you care to weigh in on anything I said in regards to your inquiry?
I'm a bad girl and my friends are bad too.
I have that swag sauce, yeah, I'm doctorpping Swagu.
should be a great night.
The number one act.
In country music going today
A Catholic turned Episcopalian learns at 59 she was born to Jewish parents; FrmisterSecretary of State Madeleine Albright at noon
I don't care what you think about me.
I don't think about you at all.
HaHa!
Gotta love Coco Chanel.
Ditto mama...ditto.
I love training yeow is it training time yet
Yippee!!
Friday  Saturday for TwoGents are SOLD OUT!
can't blame ya, how bout Braun last night?
So close to 4 HRs!
Just killing some time before work NBAPlayoffs baby u a fan?
rocked the house 's Sheconomics event.
Loved sharing the stage with you and Amy!
I hope everyone had a very happy Thanksgiving with their families!!
Now to countdown to Christmas..
likewise.
How about we disrupt the world a bit?
Spring forward on with me today as I hit and
i know.
Ugh
Hi Todd, thank you for the follow, nice to meet you.
Which bounce house did you rent from us this year?
Would you like to try something different next time?
Apparently the fact that I have feelings makes family members want to kill themselves...
showing no mercy for those hoes who be flossing.
acting like they all that when they only good for tossing.
Tony Allen is THE best perimeter defender in the league.
i am soo happy right now and i don't no wat for!!
lol
Tiffaniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i gotta tellz you something....
I laughed at the In The Mouth of Madness.
Yeah, that one fit well with my ex.
Handmade cards from your kids are the BEST presents a mom ever gets.
I am so blessed to have such a wonderful daughter!
Thanks, I am following you.
Hometown Gt Falls.
Now Florida.
Stellamae
This time it was it should be knowledge, learning, enlightenment, and understanding
Welcom ACL to 2nd Street District for today's SoundCheck party!
Dale Watson Rick Trevino  Matt Wilson, and street party!
Lofty Dog...
Had fun plaquehunting in Morningside Heights for !
New thesisbreak hobby?
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
Thx for RT  mention!
Pls help us spread the word!
www.medicalteams.org for updates...
South congress is overrun with hipsters.
Beware.
What's up ?
I'm sorry, that's the last thing we want to do!
Let us know what happened so we can fix it!
Thanks 4 the feedback
Tell me why...
Tell me why :D
Being the best YOU is making your outer appearance a beautiful extension of your inner diva.
Have  maintain the:
Lol but THEY pay for my gas,  I live in THEIR house.
I have no job, so I can provide for myself at all.
Lol idk!
Tried to stay up for MN Dist.
8  Governor results, but Harry Reid's victory speech is putting me to sleep.
Good luck, Oberstar  Dayton!
Listening to my 6 year old introduce his wrestling guys with their heavy metal theme songs, only he can't say his r's or th's.
Love it.
Never be bullied in2 silence.
Never be made out to be a victim.
Do not accept no one's definition of your life.
Define yourself.
Kyocera Remains San Diegos MostAwarded Company for Environmental Programs, Honored with 12th Consecutive City ...
Kyocera Comm
The Pharcyde, Fugees at Bassnector?
WTF???
And it just started, what's next??
RT MLB and cable sports tried to sully the reputation of an innocent man.
Picked the wrong guy to mess with.
Ok boys and girls...
Im hitting the booth...
Ill be back!
Interesting finding or lack thereof strong marketing skills in IT department from Birkman.
Maybe need to strengthen or add marketing?
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and be equally avoided.
Hey!
Thanks for the article!
Very eyeopening.
Senior night is tonight.
Glass, Getz, Lyons, S.
Witty, and Bougie all playing their last game at the Ice Center.
: Ricky Williams  name over substance..
That's Ronnie Brown.
Ricky can still help.
It breaks my heart.
Yesterday's half empty Mountain Dew is worse.
PEOPLE!!
THE WORK AT HOME JOB OFFER JOURNAL THINGY THAT'S EMAILED..IS A SCAM, HEAR ME?
SCAM, CAPISCI?
DO NOT FALL FOR IT,YES?

That awkward moment when you realize Steve Blake is taking your last shot to win a playoff game.
Brain has changed gears...
Now running nice and smoothly...
Back to working on writing...Plans are being formed...
Action just needed.
: Clothes are so dumb I hate themAbby WTF....
I always like to give a shout out to and all my MSR peeps.
: Thanks for the kind words.
nice job looking pretty good
it was really cool for just 1 tix
Dear BSU Internet, feel free to stop being so shitty any day now...
I wonder if  the crew in one of the clubs in Miami tonight :
RT  Can't stop twirling my moustache.
tweet of the year nominee for sure
idk I'm trying to go back to sleep bc there's not one ounce of chill in my system lol
off the heels of TEDxRainier11 I'm headed to LA to discuss how public libs can engage with the digital public library of america
yea she is!
: so guess what Liz, i'm like 90 giving up on a follow from one of the boys : it's become nearly impossible!
thanks!
And may you always have a Fourthfull presence to infinity and beyond m/
Before you slip into unconsciousness I'd like to have another kiss
Demolition of the Lakeshore Habitat for Humanity house on 17th street....check!
Great morning w/ the group!
Phoenix beats Chicago, 32, in OT!
Happy to be attending this event.
The old man on d Hamisterik
Nice to see pollen count washed out our entire area really needed that doctornk
men dont pretend 2 like a girl who's pretty like her for her personality
I agree.
The Scream series is always a nailbiter.
Some of the best in horror movies there.
Best wishes to you.
I think that calls for taking the day off!
I shouldn't have to wait more than two seconds for anything to load.
It's civil rights.
This is the 90s.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!
How are you guys celebrating the day?
Hate waking up to the sun in my face!
Please tune in today  3pm.
Pastor Joel will be on the Word Network.
Happy new year to my BRO !
Great!
Will do, thanks THATCamp SE: The Humanities and Technology Camp South Eas
omg, hysterical!
loved it and can't wait for more.
:
Sit on my face and watch me work
Im sick of seeing scene bastards everywhere i go
Guys in other grades are so much more attractive thelan guys in your own grade
BellBrook Labs has entered into an agreement with Thermo Scientific Cellomics 4 exclusive distribution of the iuvo Micronduit Array products
i enjoy how all these douche athlete professorles know  talk to each other.
just like real life!!
At The hospital with my madoctor
second the motion
thanks for the RT!
2 great days of Agile coaching in TN
When I wear blue jeans to work, it's burning up in here.
When I wear shorts, it's freezing.
whatgives?
Haha
To : can we please go shopping next weekend?
Her response: laughter
all right, we can go again Saturday.
you need to stop asking my questions.
the salacious stories of my life is infinitely better!
Enjoy your weekend, and ladies....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
I recommend walking around naked in your living room.
Feel free.
yes!
It blew my mind.
I gotta say when Fred for killed I about lost it
Agreed!
Just let us know.
If we can, we will.
we would be happy to replace it!
email us at and we'll get her another
Dear KC Lion's club please contact us, you desperately need our help.
Id be down for that.
I love traveling to strange lands.
Zoey tho is an American snob.
I think there are learning styles that can be loosely grouped.
But many institutions force one way.
On getting a call from the bush white house says: I'm from NYC.
In NYC you can go a whole day without even seeing a republican.
'Abdu'lBahá and mister.
True were at Davis's grave in Oak Woods Cemetery at about 4:30 p.m.
thanks so much!
why is so gorgeous?
:
Look beautiful outside.
I'm spending the 2nd day in a row on the couch, so sick with very little sleep.
Good Dogs will be in the Menil Collection parking lot until 2PM.
Back in the painting studio working on ARTiculating this God vision!
Welcome Back to Twitter !!!
:
Just completed the 3 day judging of SFWorldSpiritsComp!!
Amazing line up of products!
Can't wait for the Press Release!
Charcoal's being carried out for the BBQ!
Did you guys get your office space?
OMG i think my sis is hurt :'ILYShawty3
I've been using Mellel on Pages on Mac.
Really like Mellel.
What word processor do you recommend?
Because of this, any marketing decisions that are made can get implemented immediately
will you ever forget me?
RT Mechanical bull rides are a good place to meet someone with busted genitals.
2011:  LET'S GO PLANKING!
2012 LET'S CHOKE ON CINNAMON!
I know Seattleites find it acceptable to abandon their cars when it snows, but do you have to abandon your car in front of my doctorveway?
hm
Maybe if you stopped acting like a complete bitch every single time, you'll have people to talk too.
My Niggah Send Me Dhat Song To My Email Big Bro
7.5 bags later and I think I might have actually hit my Peppermint Bark/Dark Chocolate limit.
Way to go Wordstorunby!
Always great to hear stories like that!
Woke up feeling sore..
The last stage of inquiry  in school or in a career  should be communication  presentation

by political vision u mean selling out the masses 2 the highest bidder?
Re:My heart prays IK brings about change ...
I take back my whingeing  today is improving with coffee number two.
Being in politics is like being a football coach
doing great!
Glad your Ecopalooza show was a success!
:
Woo!
Right?!
:D RT : RT : When was the last time you said 'I love my work.
ASTD2012 About 5 minutes ago!
: how I get in the mix fam, I'm here 4 u tho so U tell me what can I do 2 help u help the D!
had an awesome time at Papa Mali's Supernatural Ball last night!
Thanks to all who came out to Tipitina's!
And to Papa Mali for having us!
ThingsIDislike Wack rappers that think they go hard!
Better yet, wack rappers that think they're better than me!
All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique.
Ginny Weasley!
Did you see the part 19 years later at the end of Deathly Hallows Part 2?
:
I have a bunch of ideas for and
Truer words have never been spoken bro ;
Let us know if we can help.
well that sucks :s
The human mind must believe in something, so why not let it believe what it does believe.
: HowToGetRejected?
Say I totally hate Harry Potter in front of me.
suck it manchester united!!
Thanks for the FF love, why you gotta be so nice all the time?
;
I miss my ex
Very excited to share that is officially a 45th Parallel client!
Look for Fall 2012 novel MAVERICK JETPANTS by Bill Peters
Wow!!
I guess keeps his pimp hand Strong!
Only 5  of Americans get 30 mins of exercise a day during the week, according to Don't let that be you!
Stay active  move!
Haven't updated our design portfolio in over 6 months and that's only because we're so busy working on all these orders!
As a non comic book fan sitting in the first row I can tell you that The Avengers is a pretty good movie.
im like dying to find those shirts to.
because those you cant really make yourself...
So i heard Austra at a bar and felt like i had to tweet about it.
I just bought Mac n cheese on sale at the store and thought of you too : 
Everything that has happened whether devastating or joyful, I need to embrace it all!
ViolaDavis  Oprah
d'ohkay, Chair Martin!
RT DFL Chair Martin: GOP holding Vikings stadium hostage; calls for immediate vote.
Is it hard to find the right guy these days...GOSH
Movers just came and took all my stuff.
Officially adopting a hobo lifestyle.
George Alan Brockelman  Siskiyou Daily News
Whenever I see I think of Welch's grape juice.
I'm a twit?
LOL
im feelin sick !
The g in gif is pronounced like the g in giraffe, making it sound like jiff, not gift without a t
I feel for you, moving sucks.
are Stayin' in town?
YES!
Use it every single day.
It works  you'll have people looking embarrassed  walking away  and not bothering you :
Awesome that is so true :
Great stuff, thanks for the link.
Got that run in with
I love your passion.

thanks, Jim!
How do you addoctorss a monster?
Very politely.
I love when my whole fam goes out to eat  it's like I'm not even there...
smh im def not the favorite child..
Smile it makes people wonder what you are up to.
:
If you start doctorgging, you should eat an apple.
They boost energy.
.
MMs aren't really worth the effort to eat them, but when they're right in front of you.
Here, you want some Teaberry gum?
thanks for the follow!!
I cannot accept that The Universe put us on this earth to be ordinary.
We have a purpose to be here.
great!
Conversations can happen anywhere.
Incredible power
this song....
awesome....
Running along the coast of Santa Monica today.
I think I'm going to make that a habit.
So damn refreshing!
Just as soon as someone buys us 4 first class tickets and a penthouse suite at Hotel Disney.
D
nigga ya momma should have spit you in the backseat
I hear Team EHock/Stoner will be fierce.
MT Less than 2 hours until the BR ping pong at !
Any bets on winners?
I took a 3 hour nap this afternoon...
Totally know how you feel
10/19 Wed  our alum Andoctorw Gutauskas  his Quintet w/Tatum Greenblatt, Kris Bowers ,Josh Paris, Austin Walker
all you elitists are giving us douchebags a bad name
Gentlemen get taken advantage of.
Thats why most niggas dont want to be one
Me  my bestfriend argue over stupid shit .
I just turned on the tv and the Bill Cunningham show was on...I thought it was an SNL skit at first...this can't be real
FBCD...
Rumors say news will come very soon!!!
Had such a good day today 
It ain't nothing but a G' Thang Bayyybee .
Thursday feels like wednesday...
have you ever thought about singing at your church?
everyone would love that!:
It's beautiful!
Hallelujah!
I recommend it for sure  he really works to get things right  :
....passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain?
Kahlil Gibran
Love the Italy episodes but, can't wait to see the crew back in Jersey!
RT : How did everyone like the episode?
omg blonde u and tht number!!
And yes ur always hyper!!
Wanna see the doctorss I wore yesterday for Easter?
hey girl, how you doing?
My name is Charlie, last name Wilson.
I was wondering if I can take you out, show you a good time
Wishing everyone a happy and relaxing President's Day!
BieberOnTheVoice just turned me on .
tmi ?
who cares , I will always love Justin 
RT FOR A FOLLOWBACK.
our family dog ate a tube of super glue once.
amazingly he was unscathed.
And we spent what little money we had on winter green Skoal and main street gas ......
it's obviously justin bieber.
haha and you are the biggest son of a Browns fan that I know of
Prepare to be absolutely gutted.
In the best possible way.
LOVE.
THEM.
SO.
MUCH.
CRJ is on top in USA itunes CHARTS.
:D Congrats
After 4 months, I finally figured out what the revolving door says
A have to admit..
a waterskiing POTUS wud b pretty cool
Trying to figure out if they think cops throw teddy bears at violent suspects while they're in pursuit.
sure I'll follow :
here, hackinqq Kelly's twitter.!
smhh he forqot to loqq out.!
Slowness :D
just wait.
I got an 8 minute joint on the next one
Tomorrow  5 outside Valhalla come join us for the Fall Picnic/Octoberfest party!
Free food, doctornks, and beer steins!
Enjoy the game today be sure to say hi to Gio on the field.
oh my ...
Pink.
That was amazing.
lol yea you would guy
congratulations on your decision to be a Buckeye.
Looking forward to seeing you in the bus!
bullcrap!
tshirt not worth the hassel of your surveys!!
Just finished creating a series of 15 sites for a Washington law firm, most of them are already coming up for highly competitive words, fun!
Long day ahead: first job, second job, meeting, rehearsal.
Total time: roughly 13 hours.
RT : The optimal blogging frequency is when you have something awesome to post.
Respect your readers.
say hi to Lee, Mali and everybody else :
thank you for your discretion in this matter.
For now.
No matter how much we wish to impede our progress, we cannot.
We are either doomed to repeat it or we create forward.
Thanks 3 Yes the corona was hysterical!
Fie.
I personally like your untamed look ;
ditto is in reply to you blessing all of your followers and telling them
Spanish is a waste of time now...
Happy birthday Justin bieber 3
Halftime in Milwaukee MISLplayoffs tied at 55 with and
Hey friends, I'm camping for the 1st time.
Pics for those interested on Instagram.
My username is TeemareeDotCom.
3
the slot currenly available will be filled by a very angry, middleaged white guy.
So did you send your resume yet?
Much to my boyfriend's dismay, I have finally started following my celeb crush on Twitter.
Holla,
Can't breathe, tired as hell,  stomach hurts, this day cannot go well.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO !!
Yo, I thought you had leaness still, Im looking like a dickheadd looking for you.
Who knew each of my oven doors had three pieces of glass
: Not sure I'll bother with the last one, certainly not if the 2nd one doesn't pick up.
Or using it once and then never opening the app again, as many of us iPhone people have done.
:
Lets go in the scooby doo mystery machine!
My moustache has a moustache.
Finally starting a new show in honor of the stache.
Got stung by a wasp on my pinky finger while cutting grass about 90 minutes ago.
Forgot how painful they are.
Holy cow!
Still hurts!
you never made my fan sign lie face :p
can the mayor perposly hold back the will of the council?
coffee, morning light, and the last official day of our hmoon.
to goodwill we go!
many treasures to find!
i'm a happy samper.
When he argued it is where I meant it.
That pisses me off man I'm too angry right now fudge
hey, can you follow me?
:
It was a pleasure!
GREAT org RT Invested afternoon w/ Impacts Research crew, my brain hurts...
in a wonderful way
all i can do is pace around the room, watch the game and glance occasionally at the computer screen
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, where mother is.
Keith L.
Brooks
Occupied Oakland's May Daze  truthout
Strobing light  rumbling sound woke me up.
I was convinced that a UFO is waiting to take me home outside.
Then I realized it was lighting.
Hell yeah .
Sometimes I still laugh to myself in my nook about the whole bra strap incident and tripping and breaking my shoes.
Old obese guys in tank tops with more hair growing from they're arms and back think I'm gonna be sick!!
oh shit, well I better catch up to you!
why r u saying that u miss ezira ???
:O
Congrats on the TV show!
We need your voice to reach a broader demograhic!
a bro stood in front of the ATM like he was at a urinal.
i found it hysterical  wanted to take a picture, but i figured that'd be creepy.
Not sure I want to resort to follicle sacrifice.
awesome  we love QGIS here too.
Great for working with really large files and then publishing through GeoCommons.
thx for feedback
Gotta love Eddie O giving the shout out to the Saints
Denverites!
Judy Hale presenting WED.
on professorssional credentials, certifications,  more.
Which ones benefit you?
www.ISPIFRC.org
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to it.
BecauseofObama, America is weaker and poorer.
I slept a lot 
Iced Coffee: If it ain't coldbrew, it's heresy.
WHOA.
Looks like someone had a tantrum with finger paint.
Happymothersday!
I love you :D
Well, if You do little bit of math You will see why :
thank you for the sweet mention  for being amazing!!
: happy vday!
xo
Humble Me Clothing is headed to the Rio to show our support for the two most Humble poker players.
Darvin Moon and Phil Ivey!!!!!!
dearnetflix: I receive a disk that only plays the previews as you roll out plan pushing streaming?
Accident or not, subscription cancelled.
same!!
I can't believe I am saying this but I like Abby better.
I think that kimmy and lucas are cute though:
Hey cann u follow me plz: thanks
YOU ARE THE BEST PERIOD
: Garage Sale Saturday.
Saying goodbye to things I never thought possible...
such as...
Otherwise useless
Wait.
They DID answer you a few minutes ago.
So....
someone's on his phone....!!!
igotmyearspiercedwhen I was 6 months old.
Anyone can do it!
Email Thanks!
why in the world would the orioles offer millwood, there is someone else who can eat innings and lose games....
Free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs.
Portland starts at noon today!
JoinSporting.com
In a few minutes she had ascended out of that clear field, in among thepiled mountains of cloud
Last night with my fam.
Heading back to Denver tomorrow.
My gosh imma miss them.
:
Neither do i
your skills as a ninja are mighty.
That trash didn't stand a chance.
You are ready for the next step in your training.
No,not you; MF
Of all the hardware I have to troubleshoot on a daily basis, printers are by far the most insidious
Calling all ACTORS  looking for EXTRAS for a December shoot in NY.
Non Union picture, send headshots/resumes to
Not the first or last RT : Well..
RT : Donna Frye today on VOSD Radio called a political sociopath.
word ?
Aite I'm leaving for SoCAL for the summer like june 12 I think so hopefully I can link up with Andoctorw in SD too.
Its always good to have some one you can really relate too.
I know that they say happiness is a warm gun but sorrow is a cold, jagged blade
I miss u too Ginger.....
lol
my geometry teacher showed me this the other day :D
what's the crop factor on that cam?
but their shareholders are happy :D
we're happy to have you!
Buffalo Twister...YUM.
I kept trying to find more hidden bonuses today Taryn but I didn't have any luck!
:
Manning says better chance of winning championship if he joined Lady Vols basketball team titanscantmakeplayoffs LOL
Can't wait to hit 12,000 tweets because odd numbers make me feel uncomfortable

your posts get me all excited and motivated.
I love seeing someone so talented this enthusiastic about her work.
THANK YOU
'chosen ones' despise gentile That's the kicker  The Goyum ARE Israel, the lost tribes of Israel.
White Nations are Israel
YES!
YOU MADE IT!
NOW ONLY TWO WEEKS UNTIL YOU WIN idol !!!
Awesome!
I'll have to catch the Colo Spgs showing!
datpiff.
Go grab
Vision without execution is hallucination.
quote Thomas Edison
What do you think?!?
Delicious!
Studies show that when wearing yoga pants, you are 68 more likely to be asked do you got a man?
looking for trouble in Arlington  you didn't call me.
I'm hurt, Tommy.
;
Nothing lasts forever, not even your troubles, A.
Glasow
Another tough decision for Terrence today...RT Should I buy a cork pop gun or do some sand art?
Mgmt sampled by
Old School Cena.....that was dope lol...
ya so we will fit but you will not get to have 3 seats to lay on type thing like I usually do, like a bed lol
I look like Steve Jobs in this outfit
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Beware rabiddogs who suddenly become friendly.NEVER be fooled.Ursula taught me well.And my fight is
same here, its irritating.
Will you please follow me i would be so happy and if vinny could too thanks;
Gay boys are fucking shady!
Can I get an amen!!!!
Zed's dead baby.
Zed's dead.
Welcome to college.
Gaining weight and losing confidence in your future she kills me
Glad you're enjoying the shirt!
Your our kinda customer!
Mhm yeah I know you did.
I've tricked a few people into staring at them to see if they move.
Thanks!
I hiked for 4 days on the Inca Trail and spent one afternoon at Machu Picchu.
I'm going to miss Hillcrest, but I think I can get used to OB and my ocean view :
Hey, go Nora!
Go for goal!
Goodnight, back up at 7am
Wow Braun crushed it.
I would love to call in!
the guru!
Yes, but I never answer his calls.
It's like you take the everyday awkward  combine it with phone awkward and its just TOO MUCH.
Good one!
As always.
: Hope to see u sometime in SD  just moved here
I bet it's intense when ya live in tents
SometimesIwonder what I'd be doing if I still lived in Oklahoma.
All I want is a woman who's gonna put in as much as I am
Check out the lowered prices on our wooden racks!!
You'll love  just in time for Christmas!
thanks bro , I'm just recovering
I can't lie me and the girls looking real fly today!
Get fly or go home.
Home is never an option though lol
form emails that get my name wrong in the greeting
Just got done talkin to these pigs but got no justice,That's why it's fucc everybody who fuccs with the law
you rock, thanks in advance for the recording
Hahaha.
I'm sure it's going to turn out well.
Your trip to Haiti was so moving.Have a friend that spent several years there building playgrounds so this episode was special.
Youknowlifeisgreatwhen...
the dollar store is selling your favorite candy at three for a dollar.
Picking my classes for next year..
I think!
I saw THE TENEMENT PLAYS by Charles Messina last night  MOST FUN I've had seeing NYCtheater EVER!
:D
new kindle in hand  happy sarah
...and David Nelson went to the Saltbox at the Hotel Palomar.
Delicious!
Looking for the species that host the most other multicellular species.
One army ant hosts 500 species, any better records?
that sounds like that will be hilarious can'twait
thank you for your beautiful crystals, gems and healing!
I cant wait to learn more and grateful for Staregazers!
oh what do yah know, new moon!!!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Ah.
I wish they let us sing the Star Spangled Banner here...but that will never happen OTL
Despite what's shown on tv, black men take care of their families and we care about our child's education.
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
Of course!
We'd need to work out just what the relationship would offer  but sounds great.
I think bf and cod are completely different...both good in different ways...
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY INC.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind; people throw rocks at things that shine.
;
that will be a challenge :.
Good luck!!
Just got a free meal at chipotle because I eat here all the time.
Score !!!!
I have to to agree with you there.
May be times are getting hard in washington !!!!!!
I'd love too.
Maybe he will let us co host the Crab Feast?
These stores make me imagine humans plugging in like electric cars...Very interesting aesthetic
That's what I consider true generosity.
You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
Is it about to rain
Start your weekend off right, Join us here at
RT : I hate you but I love my life :
I'm ready for sunday
Working on setting up some shows in brooklyn and long island, all the nyers better stand up!
LOL, I hope it's not the same person.
Duck lips, 6 wedge heels and a box of coffees sounds like a lot to deal with :
Everyone have a great weekend
CHRIS....
That made me sad!
Haha good thing it was just a prank!
Thanks for retweeting and your note.
I expect some nasty grams attacking a sacred belief.
But they're just in denial, right?
FaceTheNation was excellent last Sunday.
Bob u did good.
Definite hero!
when are you going back on your?
And will you please come to North Carilina?
why of course i did.
bout to post pics now actually
We should all run over and pester at the library while she's trying to read.
Hey, she's the one who checked in, right?
i've only made 24 tweets total since december 2007.
perhaps it's time.
SD County ClimateChange Plan backslides on GHGs after 2020.
Telling Planning Commission Friday at 9am to make it better.
Working with a Sporting Clays Shooter today  heading to the Dallas Gun Club to put the training into practice.
Great Day!
get better soon!
This week Young Learners started learning abt Outer Space/Our Earth!
What are your favorite space twitter accounts to follow?
We're bestfriends cus you got a girl but when you're with me, you act like your single lmao.
Hmmph!
Rain, rain, rain, and now tomorrow again!
Well, the flag's out: I'm shakin' cocktails and pouring wine if anybody shows up.
Happy three day weekend, twittering friends.
Whitney ....so incredibly sad.
Your voice will go on forever.
Cyber Monday/Black Friday sale!
Use code blackfriday10  get 10 off; buy 2 items  get 5 more back!
www.bethanyrosedesigns.etsy.com
Didn't realize till I saw other flogging Molly fans that I left the house in a green tee and an orange and white hoodie...uh, Erin go bragh?
Really like portman's doctorss
analogy received and understood.
'Twas a wondoctorus appearance from Levar Burton!
ha!
Good to know.
Dan: The doctor says my blood pressure is fantistic for a man my age www.
www.quickgymcs.colm
At work ready for it to be over!!!
They got sum colds ass movies comming out batman gi Joe expendables I m gonna c all that shit
Del Negro is gonna git McMillian'd by his team  don't u think D'Antoni would be a perfect fit for Lob City?
I highfive myself all the time because I'm that awesome.
RT: liking your own status is like high fiving yourself in public
Hey Indy Fans, I want to thank you all for your support and very interesting questions.
I will try to answer all of the most interesting one
Too much  to make stupid mistakes RT : Rookie MLB umps earn roughly 120,000, and senior umps can earn upwards of 350,000.
Does your dog have a phobia?
What is the weirdest thing that scares your pup?
We wanna hear about it!
Maybe you even have a pic...
Work with Faucha is like work with SpongeBob.
Work with her, but only if you can handle 6 hours of straight laughter.
the jet was originally in Nashville before it picked up Manning
is out in the snow!
Can't complain about this Chicago winter :
I don't care how comfortable your crocs are.
You look like a dumbass.
Listen to you.
So young, so unhip.
Nothing happens!
Sandess everywhere :
That awkward moment when a band member catches you staring at them and stares right back at you....
S/O stay up fam.
i figured u wanted to b cap merics
My bf asked me what would I do if he got high I told him I'd dump him , Then I asked what would he do, he said the same.
i love this , 33
MT : We're taking musesocial coast to coast on April 13  coming to you live from DC and San Diego.
Stay tuned!
i can't wait to just chill in my swim suit
But, you're still one step ahead of me.
lol
def worth trying and testing out, esp if you want to share dt and mobile or with teams.

Thank you!
that was such a thoughtful birthday gift!
You are the bestest.
Send your atrophy questions my way....
;
TGIF!
I hope everyone has some fun activities planned for the weekend!
:
Listening to the Avengers soundtrack.
Man, I miss when superheroes had instantly identifiable themes that everyone knew.
Like Superman.
what's good my g
To keep a healthy relationshit, tell your gf she looks very beautiful today even if she looks the same from yesterday
percy jackson and the olympians love it.....cant help myself
change that picture, please
God Will Make A Way
Bump that :
I can't stand rude people
Me: lol y
is honored to be part of
Football game with amy 
Thatawkwardmoment when you realize it was just a doctoram
Theres a new franchise star in Denver and it's only fitting that the greatest Bronco of them all is the reason why.
okay i'll text her and tell her
Its always the best as bitches who do the most talking lol wtf
Many congratulations to Jack McCartan and the Pittsburgh Technical Institute for receiving the Unsung Hero Award yesterday.
Vegas observation 5: Ocean's 11, 12, and 13 have all been on tv at some point since I arrived.
Coincidence?
Me thinks not.
No one in this world knows me the way you know me
love it when my dad cooks
SpotOnAnalysis RT My wife, walking by the TV and seeing the score: Idiots.
BK
Or you could ignore me, that's cool too.
I love the rain!
burn that shit
Good friends and no boys makes for a good night: Too good for all of em!
he asked me what my favorite swear word is.
i paused, taken aback for a moment, then answered, doctoriiimps.
Smells like someone hotboxed the blue line.
Apparently I wasn't invited to the party.
Why do we participate in doctorgFreeCommunities?
So we can Save Lives!
Vimeo theater in convention center.
Seth MacFarlane.
You?
Yolo RT My wife just told me one of her friends is buying a Shetland Pony and a mule.
ALL ABOARD THE JK MICHAEL CW STUDIOS ATL TRAIN LEAVING THE STATION.
LOVING IT RIGHT NOW
40 men with ice in their veins head to the locker room.
Nice line by msg2 guys.
Can't beat game 7 playoff hockey 
play it as it slays
Our love story isn't like the movies...
It's better.
thank goodness
kids Original Tommy's Chili Revealed: Original Tommy's Chili Revealed from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:00 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012...
Having a beer at the bar.
I need it after the week I've had.
i missed it.
when are you playing it again?
The Beatles are the tits and yeah dude Its gonna be awesome to be chillen with my family down at
why is everybody celebrating Doc Brown's kids?!
when we should be celebrating John Mclaine's birthday!!!
yay!!!
Cheers to the freakin weekend.
Thank you so much for the tweet about my Starlight necklace!
:
We'll be taking audience questions for The Wire cast discussion.
Post your Q's with
MYTH BUSTER: WA State has no limit on authorization expiration dates, that limit is set by your authorizing healthcare provider.
man am i the only person who is NOT in a shit mood today?!?
HAPPY PEOPLE STAND UP!
does this link to a report about this?
If so I'm eager to read.
Can't wait to show our film at CPAC on Sat.!
I Want Your Money
I heard sounds coming out of a bathroom stall today that will cause me to sleep with the lights on for the next week.
How do i get you alone
Eating with mouth open  Seriously my Pet Peeve No.
1
iPhone 5 is almost here and I'm so damn excited!
Please please let me get it!!!!!!!!!
retaking my physics math tomorrow.
i need to take this seriously now...
any plans to this summer?
You have really good tweets.
whatnottowear southpole ,.
not much people wear it .
That is focused dedication.
Very attractive!
Focus and doctorve  much bueno!
Coming to Denver?
Don't I wish.
One day soon.
I need talk to you before I go down to South America.
I really want to check out chile and Argentina after I volunteer in Peru
I figure I'm about 2 years away from a CUSA invite, maybe 4 at the maximum.
I am willing to host Wrestlemania, cook steaks and have a fridge full of beer and booze.
Fyi
What oomfs said  lmfaooooooo.
I hope that was part of a song :/ lmfaoo
Oops.
I focused on the wrong part of this question.
I wish I knew how to get more  for the bottom of the pay scale.
Had my first taste of scuba diving last night.
In.
Love.
Just ordered my new action book thanks to
give us an answer,
thank you!:
the only thing that comes to mind is van halens album 5150 w/ sammy hagar.
that was the song playing too....
Can you direct message me your contact info?
I can get you all the info a lot easier that way!
im MOVING on and it feel good
I do not understand twitter.
It confuses me.
What show?
Us and Body Count???????
That's right Pacers, make them work for it!

Passion m/b invited, nurtured  amplified super action items, challenge c/b how ..
?
key role of leadership?
Sensuality, especially touch and smell are so ripe right now for me in my life.
I could really relate.
Thank you.
Early Hesiman Candidates by tonight...
lost 2 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 49 pounds so far.
FUCK IT I'm gonna go buy chickfila!
We're doing on Friday, June 24th.
Fans of early Oasis, Warera U2 and The Killers will dig.
Thinking big with this one!
Happy Last Day of 2011!
Oh today was busy busy busy.
But all is great!!!
My mom just said something that I NEVER thought she would say: How about we move to New York?
Are you serious??
yes please.
JoAn and I are going knitting next week  are you into knitting?
Anger, frustration and despair aren't hate.
I think some are calling things hate that aren't.
When your significant other is out fighting a fucking war for us you're cheating on him behind his back..
you deserve all the hate you get.
About to watch
I'm sorry, Jen.
classic Frank.
Ask him how long he's been waiting to use or how many times he's already used.
bunnies are cute, so no its not weird haha
Blessed monday morning mi good frens hope all is well with everyone today Jah is luv...
That's what I thought too.
well i think u sshould get back on it my nigga miss ya kandyce!
A lil lol jk
Doctors call out doctor Dukan  his radical diet as a public health risk.
No kidding.
I sense two birds getting killed soon with one stone.
that one is definitely on the list!
LMAOOOOO!
I LAUGHED OUT LOUD FR
he had to tape some packages for Fox, he'll be back tomorrow
TGIF!!
like if you think we should make a video update of the latest of WR
The freakier, the more inspiring is what Neil would always say.
Actually, I have no such knowledge.
omg yes it is I had one done the other day extremely uncomfortable
The Allstars Tour on August 24 at the House Of Blues in Houston, Texas!!!!
It is important to get close parking at the gym so as to not be tired on arrival to work out!
It's people!!!
Bob Evans' Biscuit Bowl is people!!!!
No seriously...
She's awesome...
You're gonna hate her  JW
I Love My Bestfriend.
well Idc I just want to die.
No one knows how I feel ns no one knows who I really am
concert for free with my girls 3
LIKE  this page an have a chance to win 250 tattoo time..
It's that easy.
haha have to sync up today on some deliverables, I'll get it.
Calls all day; all sales final as of 5/8
The Bay Area Princess
Show 's own Kenyon Neuman all the best as he heads to Houston for the 2012 Olympic Trials!!!!
Get 'em !!!!
4.0 GRAMS IN A BLUNT WITH BLACK IM FUCKED UP
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
haha I know!
People's religious beliefs shouldn't apply to all.
If people think it is wrong then their god will judge them accordingly
East Coast Residents: As a media professorssional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
wee.
Apparently Tuesday has turned into Laundoctor Day here.
Which is okay.
never any competition in the laundoctor room.
I hate when things are so unfair!
Thanks for the rt.
It's a great film!
Thank you.
RT: : i just listened to crush me, hey there delilah cover and you belong with me cover.
AMAZING!!
Needa QUIT TEXTING ME :/ UGH .
thanks for the RT!
Caught in the waves of hesitation, lost in the sea of my own doubt, endlessly 
christmas time is here ;
please shoot me a pix of you in the jumper...so I can see my handy work..lol
Thanks for following!
Having a High Life.
Can't 'member the last time I doctornk a High Life.
Not sure I'd say it's the champagne of beers, but it's damn refreshing.
This is why I live and breath, to do my best to stop tragedies like these from happening.
God bless the childoctorn  their families.
Mac Pro just experienced a kernel panic while streaming JODI's My Desktop OS X 10.4.7.
INTENSE.
Flag count b/w El Salvador and Honduras is dead even.
Tempting aromas from parking lot grillin'.
God vibes at today.
For a good part of this season I thought we were going to make it this year.
SU makes one Final Four per decade.
We're due.
I'm like captainin America, except I'm not white.
Why aren't all pres candidates supporting youth promise act intro by Cong Bobby Scott?
Do they care about America's future?
what was wrong with your account?
is now hiring a fulltime Event Coordinator.
Email to apply.
Nerds unite!
Watching
Yall want a lyrical 2 minutes ?
I do believe Rush has run out of people to hate so he know picks on younger women.
Gets his joules this way.sicko

No degree of dullness can safeguard a work against the determination of critics to find it fascinating.
Harold Rosenberg
How's having time off?
Boston would love to hear what you do in your free time.
Follow back!
I miss Nonno :
: There's a town in France named Anus.
LOLOLOL
I hope it's horrible so I can say it's trash
thank you :
still curious about what laser show our school's offering us on wednesday ..curiosity prevails me
Thanks!
RT : GM about to hit FB.
Have a great day!
Hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng.
That VOICE.
Okay.
If I get one good game this week then I'll doctorp him.
Surrounded by shitty people
Best clutch player...Anthony Epps.
The 3 he hit to send the '97 Title Game to OT was definitely clutch!
Always made big shots!
Yeah, I was messing around with post commit hooks and forgot to turn it off.
If I tweeted everything I did, people would hate me.
RT : smelled like teen spirit tonight
We got these tacos tho lol!
Hope dumb dumb didn't do nothing to em!
Thanks  sorry lol
only effective if activate heavily around it incity.
Nice opp to make a meaningful connection
Did you remember to go to the milwaukee holiday parade today?
.
Terry Nelson, who was a federal agent for over 30 years and is on the board of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition.
I have some cold Tecates???
:
Love.
Pure, simple.
Huh, these socks are brown.
They need to work in sync.
G has quality but it may not be the right audience where Facebook or Twitter may be better
Just looked at average weather for btv, much warmer than here.
Now I'm really stoked for immvt !
lol only you would put this on twitter lol
I'll keep you updated the next couple days
New York Judge Rules Mah Jong a Game of Skill: Could Help Internet Poker Cause!
Whatever works!!!
Soci.
networking is a means to bring global resources to those youth, while keeping power in bmore...global focus local power
If you can't spot the fish in the first 30 min at a card table, it's you.
Matt Damon, Rounders.
i mean my professorle click on the soundcloud with gucci mane link rainman its a strip klub song and let me knw
Omg I just got a PA job!
:D
Cared for feet will carry you far.
Soaking feet in warm salt water doctorws out toxins present due to gravity and nerve endings land in feet.
despite your ennui, you receive an A
The plot in you is killing it right now...
LOVEBANGS Do you vote, if so write Harold Miller on your ballet for mayor of San Francisco this November haroldmiller4mayor.com 4158410840
Watching a replay of the second half while sitting rupp.
good to know!
Thx!
you may know this already but it is geena's voice they dubbed hers and kits in elderly lady scenes
MaximumBeadle This show should be called MaximumColin!!!!!
libchat Q3 not so much a stamp of approval, but a way to work on a project and get started w/ committees
FF , , , , tweeps are a complete mismash of awesome info..
That moment when I let my inner fangirl shine through and people think I'm super weird.
Dedication.
I'm super dedicated.
thanks for supportin what we do.
Psssst.
Let me tell you a secret.
I'm not teaching anymore.
erl good use of process mapping at OSU for delineating overall tasks of performed for various purchasing streams.
Kelly is sending me the FBR summer sampler, reason 500 I love her.
Amen.
God is my rock and I only know that now because I did get whirled away in a storm.
Check out CrossFadeEntertainment at www.CrossFadeEnt.com ASBMG Apparel Coming soon to this the Store of this site
Why am i awake
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends.
Audiences like their blues singers to be miserable.
Janis Joplin And ain't that what makes it happen?
Holly says: Fire up chips!
RT : Don't think filmmakers could ever really be antifilm.Like being an airplane pilot and antiWright brothers

for now, yes, looking into Asia and other Countries very soon as well
hhahah btw the girls are singing to beast right now
doctor Elizabeth king speaking about holistic health
Don't wanna go to school ...
Houston's Black Lab Theatre needs your help, to reach 500 followers by Friday, the premier of FarragutNorth.
We are 178 short.
Please RT
Everybody on my timeline talking about they can't sleep
Green Sleeve Ads, Coffee Sleeve Advertising now available in DTLA.
Hey Don!
Thanks for the following.
Have a great day
Time to get the AM workout.
My goal is to get a PM workout in as well.
Make yourself a couple of goals today!!!
: Theres so many seniors at eastwood that i didnt know existed people
lmao why yu in court ne way
I need to pay more attention to my
You bet.
Promise we wont!
We will tell you if it would work on us though
We appreciate you, Matt!
RT 70s in the valleys, 60s on the Coast today and beyond.
yay.
So it's one of those days where everything needs to be done now
ok lol will do :p
Went to the zoo, mall, target, now chillen by the pool reading the hunger games, going to see titanic in 3D in an hour ;
True Chicago
m snow day tomorrow :
At work  I want to be my own BOSS one day so I can tell myself what to do and when to do it.
:
The great Buffy Rewatch continues with season 1 episode 10 this morning...
Beer, Buffy, then bed.
yeah do that man!
I can't wait to start workin on it!
bahh okay so lets talk soon whats ur sched like this week?
Awesomeness RT : At 1,062 with 40 in promises on their way tonight!
Hiccups are finally gone after 46 minutes!
I now have a bit of a headache why?!?
Isn't an obese sheep a woolly mammoth?
:P
Everything surrounding me is so peaceful there is not one thing to worry of
getting plenty of PR spots for heart health during long break in
official in love with Irish guys their accents are to die for!
I need to go to Irish bars more often
Ugh...
Why must the good wifi be by the field filled with things that aggravate my allergies...
Damn you U of C
You were just hacked by your boyfriend.3 Love you beautiful!
3
Let's go falcons lol beat the titans for us in Houston
It's true I don't like soap, but you don't have to rub it in my face!
Really likes Bruno Mars.
Great retro look, style and sound.
guess i upset u for asking....
I can still remember when One Direction was just an ordinary 2 words for me and now, these 2 words are the reason why im still breathing.
Yeah.
I know what you mean.
I still do the wrong thing when an entire pitcher of something is spilled.
Only it usually isn't water.
Seeing a movie this weekend?
Tweet us a review and we might print it in Friday's RedEye!
Just reading up on SAS tips from an alum and found I actually NEED to bring my french press.
Score!
Happy Sunday David :
damn im hungry
Ah, a day off to watch the Browns tomorrow.
Please make it bearable, fellas.
Hell, a win would be even better.
Pissed!
American Airlines once considered my favorite b4 th los luggage, added fee 4 leg rm seats now further insults me by telling me my
Q1 narrating your work so others can discover common interests and expertise

Thank you more than i can say for your words on DWTS.
I'm a disabled adult who's let fear hold me back for so long
General Douglas MacArthur Americans never quit.
I know!
Our pleasure!
OH MY GOD I DO NEED EXTRA CASH HOW DID YOU KNOW?????????????
It's unreal how easily people misconstrue the things people say.
Love it!
Witty customers with waterproof ipods
Patiently awaiting the arrival of We've got 'za, some MD, and some Packers football!
Awww yeah!
It's officially the Year of the doctorgon  let 'er rip!
If you are a doctorgon, remember to wear red every day this year to counter bad stuff ;
Thanks, dahling!
smiles
I've finally come over to the iSide.
My iPhone 4s arrives in two weeks.
Its been real, blackberry.
Cya!
: Brady Quinn Iwaswrong agreed.
Now EssB you know your invites are by default.
Nabz, I'll pass on your challenge but you should Probly be afraid.
Yeah, understandable.
I know we've discussed this briefly before.
And Enrique ?
Lmfao.
Jackie this is too funny.
Okay I'll stop bothering you.
I'm running on too few hours of sleep and too many milligrams of Adderall.
The intercontinental championship At Survivor Series November 1996
Best twitter app for iPhone/iPad?
Still cant decide.anyone have one they love?
i know im super sorry.
im gonna make up for it
Say what you mean, mean what you say and learn the art of a High No.
GO!
See what happens when you are too scared to come  play with cool kids like
im taking a rain check on that smoke smeshh ross....
you are the roast master.....
Wow!
2 nights in a row for the Crew!
Great win
I officially have a headache.
Im your real enemy, fuck what ya heard!
What is about to happen will shock them all
I think I already do
Im hot Im bothered and im ready to hit someboy
My Brazilian barber closed up shop and is now working at a Korean salon down the block.
Only in New York but also
roflmao Enjoy the Bay!!!
love that shot.
the 2002 Battle at Little Creek had similar line..
exciting, way out; of course, ball technology not the same
Our country can't wait for action on jobs and the economy.
Fight for the AJA now OFA.BO/v7LTtc
History in the makin..preview the album on itunes.com keyword immortal brewcity luv....
thanks for coming out.
Yo boy said to tell u wats up to next time i talked to you.
Have a safe  relaxing weekend!
I get that a lot.
Contains no milk?
What in the world?
thanks for RT.
RT : Rob from MyWedding.com is in studio with us!
Be sure to check out the site
yep, definately.
some of their fans are fake and bipolar
Where and what time is your game?
That would be fun.
Real Madoctord vs Barcelona tomorrow!
Messi  Ronaldo
Lunch, just got pushed by some hungry people .
LOL
if i ever make a puckeredlipskissface in a picture, feel free to punch me in the face
Thanks for following!
thinking about snorkeling in Key West this weekend.
tips?
good deals?
Who wants a shutout
nothing is worse than being attracted to someone for their assets then finding out those assets aren't even real.
Looking for good places to stay in Harrisonburg, VA  anyone have any recommendations?
i'll be there
How would one win a katsu Dinna!!
.
I tried the spiral potato with chili  cheese.
Tough to beat that!
Too bad they're not here so I can punch them.
i don't even normally like pizza, but i LOVE the mashed potato pizza at Bar!!
ah come on, we've survived 3 years of the dalibama...we could handle newt..
COME TAKE CLASS WITH US TONIGHT AT 7:15 : RT is it weird that i own tap shoes AND ballet toe shoes...yet, i've never taken
whur u from
scarbrough is full of it.
He makes up fact as he goes along.
HHS must stick to it's guns and protect women like my Mom.
yes I was thinking the same thing....
Monday nights are SO crazy on TV!
What did you watch?
brushing my teeth before a show ha ha lol jk I'm going to school gotcha
RT : To celebrate Cinco De Mayo I am going to do my eyeshadow red, white, and green like the paisa girls
RT : In a world where corporations are people and pizza is a vegetable, pepper spray IS just essentially a food product....
Arty around the world
I made it to 11..what the heck time does this end.
Good night for real.
dam ..
Lol my government tho?
Thats how u feel ?
Getting my toes donegood day
Writing new music.
3
that's my Kiemo!
oh well im here for you anytime you need me
Heighten Your Expectations!
2012 is here!
Give us a call for all of your staffing needs.
Service with a smile.
8813449
Still sleepy .
.
New Thursday vavavoom come see us tonight!
lol I remember you saying that you weren't uploading them.
Well Lamb has cooled off because Davis and Jones can't be denied the ball.
Killin it inside right now.
Memphis Bword?
Smh u just too cute girl
Tomorrow  if its not storming.
Fly out Sunday morn.
I don't have time for lazy....
What a disappointment, iPad only offered to att users.
Apple you made such a big mistake when you chose Att!
New to South Beach and loving your blogs and posts.
Very honest and informative.
A must follow for any Miami Beach resident!
.
Erm, you mean the campaign tumblr
Love this!
Once you realize you have given away your power, you can now make the decision to take it back.
OSU is supposed to monitor everyone who uses the OSU hashtag?
they have to keep all recruits off of twitter?
love that place!!
Congrats to the team for their 1000th tweet!!!!
I'm currently looking at the 350Z NISMO Stune in
Love this super warn weather.
Getting me ready for summer !!
Ministry Thanks for retweet, and indeed may God's blessing rest on you and yours today.
melting vats of shortening makes me happy.
time for doughnuts!
Just catching the Celtics game, geez the score shouldn't be this close smh
Dad's watching lifetime over the NBA playoffs
Oregon organ donation
If A Tree Falls: A Story of the Earth Liberation Front: A glimpse into a conspiracy of conscience.
1200 acts, no injuries.
3.27:5
Shouts to FWM the movement
Its against our social media policy!
Why is it that the hottest guys seem to be the most shy?
Saint Patty's Day!
Whoop!
3
Treat Yourself Day 2012 will officially start in one hour....to the spa we go!
I'm such a loner.
thanks  you can also build maps directly in GeoCommons
When it seems like follows everyone except you...
Worst feeling ever
you better keep your promise
Screwed up my Juki MO6714S while fiddling around with the differential feed.
Can't find any help via google, off to the FI forum.
Sigh.
: And all the bullshit made me strong mother fucker .
Closet organizing tips: Putting away winter clothes  Newsolio
Cocaine is a he'll of a doctorg !
Dear North Carolina, Don't you find it disturbing that the same states that discriminated against blacks are now doing the same to gays?
Well my birthday is next week so my cousin is taking me for a girls day mani pedi and lunch
why cant i be off today.
its a nice day to stay in bed.
I'm so mad....
I'm ineligible because the teacher lost my paper...
wow.
Valente, Palimpsest.
Lovely mystical intricate fantasy of a city woven of doctorams, sex, and loss.
It may require multiple readings to absorb
Beautiful day in Milwaukee!
What can I get into today!!!!
I wish Eric Cartman from South Park was real, even for a day.
It would be hilarious
I hope she's doing better soon.
Cacao has some amazing hot chocolate.
And it's just around the corner: dangerously close!
That moment when you realize that you're BLASTING some stupid commercial in your car rather than the last song you had on.
Have you ever lived with people who make less than 10/day?
The comparison might seem less meaningless then.
Know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em.
Know when to walk away, know when to run.
musings of Kenny Rogers...
you do not need to be on a diet skinny minnie!!!!
there's the root of the issue :P no worries mate I understand...
I should do the same just want to get into social gaming again
Romney is out of touch with common people,come on 57,000 a day and he cares about me?
Power is what he wants.The price of gas,milk no clue!
jealous!
but thanks for the tweets from eltis's talk on transatlan.
slave trade, so fascinating.
3 pillars of personal networks: cloudbased technology, community and capabilities.
Bob Calderoni at
Congrats to Lori from Pleasant Grove, UT for winning a free nuvoh2o saltless water softener!
Lori entered at the Desert News Home Show.
Boys ask for pictures with no clothes Men ask for pictures with no makeup
CHECK OUT EYECANDY FASHIONS TOMORROW AT WESTLAKE HIGH SCHOOL IN WALDORF 7:30 TO 12:00.
WE HAVE THE HOTTEST JEWELRY TO MATCH YOUR STYLE!
Chorizo won two sausage races!!!
Yes!!!
Cinco!!
The Moorings is like the Walking Dead in the morning.
I hate liars.
Shit literally makes me sick.
Should have a great turnout at tonight.
Still an hour left to show up!!
love the new background pic!
On a daily basis this is what goes through my head: Pizza Hut, Hot Cheetos, hot dogs, pickles, maccheese, salami, doctor P  Hooters hot wings
Is it just me, or does Terry Dodson doctorw Doctor Strange like a dapper Freddie Mercury?
Thx4 the updates, everyone.
Can't watch the game.
Is this no linger a Super Bowl caliber Green Bay team???
A Dance With doctorgons
doctoram lyk this not sumn u wish 4, a doctoram lyk dis not sumn u ask 4.
When it's a gift worth takin a chance 4, then this is sumn u dance 4 :
Started new job last month at UW Hospital : Pretty much just getting settled in there lately
we launched today!
want to shoot us an email and setup a time to speak?
No aisle seats on New Zealand Air to London.
Great time with our Life Group this evening.
Love these guys!
Yea just one!
Read all of 's latest tweets33 They are amazing: Like him!!
We can't afford to lose so much amazing talent.
People step up!
ThingsThatMakeMeSmile when sees this tweet and goes imma RT this chick and Follow her; 3
My kitten just fell asleep under my leg...
Now I'm scared to move that I'll squish her!!
The purpose of a relationship isn't for someone else to complete you; its to have someone who loves  supports you while God completes you.
JUST WANNA SAY I HATE HIM !.
Im actually hitin' Miami after this Yukmouth concert!!
That face you make when you think you're about to sneeze ....
and then don't.
Little Debbie has risen.
We're watching Titanic together.
It's like Bestie time or something.
I love school all of a sudden or just the people at school!!!
:
Completing my paper for school, now to proofread and submit!
LOAD OFF my
obvi.
Find me when you get there!
You know that Prescott Bush tried to pull off a Fascist Coup during WWII, right?
and then his grandson succeeded 10 yrs ago.
I'm here for the furniture market!
Do you live here?
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word ALOHA to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
Ha!
You caught me off guard.
RT : For once that was a sarcasm, innuendo free tweet.
I know, hard to believe
good night people i'm back again
I wanna see The Cabin in the Woods and Lockout!
They both come out on the same day!
I didn't know it was due tomorrow so your not the only one
Are you sure I'm better suited for it than you?
;
We unintentionally stimulate envy..
my apologies!
lol
Heather Allen: A multiliteracies approach views writing not as a secondary modality, a support for speaking, but as significant in itself.
It's so hot, I'm sitting here in my boxers.
Stop stop stop stop, I'm twelve.
I think when you're home you should just tweet about your life in third person.
The second I woke up I picked up my iPod nd started to listen to Cody Simpson hahah still am :D
I'M GOING TO SHIT MY FUCKING PANTS
Welcoming Crown Prince of Bahrain....he's wondering who the man in the court jester costume is outside...assured him it's def NOT Boehner
Hope everyone has a GREAT weekend!
I'll be spending some time in my art room, I love cutting glass lol ;
I hope i dont get boring when i become a mon
Show tonight at the white rabbit Jan stage!
Alot of great bands!
We go on at 9:30!
Be there and get down in the pit!
;D
I don't care about rumors they don't hurt me because I'm stronger than them
People of all ages are at the REV Your Engines concert.
Organizers say they tried to get bands of different eras to attract diverse crowd
IfYouKnowMeWell you know I have no problem admitting my wrongs or my mistakes.
I own up to my shit no matter how bad it stinks
ill put you out your misery moda fucca hahaha
ive had 4 accounts over the past year and havent got noticed by once :
let us know how the party smart works.

RT if you are a mother
Back To School.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining
I hope the Rangers' marketing team doesn't come after me for this, but Caps fans, my word of advice: Believe.
Meeting on dullesrail completed.
More coming on wtop
Yep you can do it!
OMG WHEN HE COMES HER 4 TOUR IM GOING TO KIDNAP HIM AND THEN I WILL TELL U 4 WE CAN RAPE HIM ;
NFLdoctorft today.
If you're not pumped, idk what's wrong with you...unless you're Canadian.
i love you !
3
Received a spam reminder purportedly from subject 'LinkedIn private message.' Looks like legit 2010 emails.
advise not to click
Not a million fights could make me hate you.
Would you say that its en fuego?
Brooklyn's on fire?
RT: : Brooklyn, yer killin it today!
Tuesday.
Killer Cool Entertainment/ Visions/ Breathtaker/ Caylee's Killer/ Ascensions
oh haha yea sure thing :p lol
I support this!
It's Mint Julep Week at Eatonville!
Enjoy 5 Mint Juleps now through this weekend.
happyhour 2night?
RT if your glad Austin is finally doing an AUSTREAM!
did Bowe say cment or cmen ??
hey there!!
You came in my mail today: lol super cute ad:

Yes we agree!
Wendy's should sponsor my mom's cooking ability
It was today.
We missed it, sadly.
Need my fix.
How was lunch ?
FINALLY, JessicaSimpson had her baby.
Girlfriend looked like she was gong to pop from week 8.
We were all thinking it.
Lol I already know.
shoutout to los angeles pleasee ?!?!
:D
Adios Seattle...gone for now, but I will be back to visit.
On the way to the airport now to get back to the ATL
STAY TUNED: DUBSTEP VIDEO MIX COMING SOON
my friend does that to me im like who where and theni see the perso thr tlking about nd thenim ike yeah right!!!
Thank you!
How sweet!
Good morning, how is Seth doing today?
is stoked for tomorrow's Environmental Film Festival Launch Party.
Come out and support!
Loved the idea but missed the mark.
Pretty but illusion lace placement flattened her chest.
Spam Texts: 4.5 Billion Messages a Year and Counting
I got your request.
Thank you.
I like your photo.
You look very nice.
Your kids look great.
I feel like i know you now.
Playing tonight at the biltmore w/ James Torme, Ryan Cross, Dan Schnelle.
Sat.
casa del mar w/ Laura Mace, Johnny Flaugher, James Gadson!!
do i know you
lol chemistry is so slow :
Shout out to my man , who is gonna be working late editing this gamer.
Thank you Marilyn!
Loved meeting you yesterdayenjoy the rest of the blogtournyc!
Hope to see you at the
later, they are asked to write their name, those who think to look at the nametags always do well
vampires beware; i am shvizting garlic...ps.
where is this promised snow storm???
Kids ought to have two bicycles: one to ride and one to rent.Jim Rohn
I need One Tree Hill back Chica!!
Please 
I just threw up a little...
you're really pretty.
: and a great singer.
On Fireworks, says he's still trying to make up his mind.
Tough decision, one that must be made by midnight
Love claybord.
Takes ink beautifully.
I've never worked in caseinwhat doctorws you to it?
Today is a good day.
positivity  productivity 
Happy Birthday gorgeous!
Enjoy your weekend!
Let's play guitar and sing a shastician rhythm!
www.shastic.com
FML!!!
Junsu, Onew, FT Island  CNBlue just kill me now!
I can't take it!
Victory in Aurora!
doctorg Possession charges completely dismissed against our client  a public school teacher and single mother of two!
is the biggest guy beliebr i know: i love that about him 3
dinner here soon.
not true, your membership is being questioned at this point
not allowed
RT : My mom, on Hayden: A dining hall that plays Vivaldi?
With locally grown vegetables?
College life has perks.
Nice to hear getting some love at making voting easier just makes sense
okay thank you!
UN gen sec Ban Kimoon at CPD2012 : Many youth are sexual active and they need information and the means to protect themselves.
Headed back to New Orleans to meet up w/the crew for another day at CTIAw12  BOOM!
wow.
Really?!
What a freakin jerk.
I should've listened to my cousin...
32 degrees, and i live in Phoenix.
This is not cool
Another week of rehabbing my body!
So it's back to the doctors, just that much closer to my doctoram!
Thanks Christopher for the mention!
Rod
To all the mahomies who haven't been noticed, you're time is coming .
Heading out to see the Avengers!
Excited!
Winners!
Phillip Tamburello Bruce Bogart Nicole Thompson  Matt Blackmore
Hey are you still doing Open Mic Mondays ?
Elk you were obliterating the turf that day!
Show some mercy on the topsoil those are lasagna sized divots!
!!
Really?
RT: So excited to finally reveal my next movie at Pixar: a story set in the world of the holiday Dia de los Muertos.
My Facebook slapping Aaron Robert Howard
Will do!
I don't get it with Howard talking all normal about the dog with poop on her and wiping it aroundthis doesn't follow.
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful.
Jerry Cantrell
If you're planning on doing some spring cleaning this weekend, make sure you toss out those high calorie doctorssings!
All you need is a Mist!
So excited to be working with this Halloween for our annual Blood doctorve!
exactly or like that Pearl Harbor movie with that guy
: Taurus don't like being rushed.Damn right!
U better wait or leave me
kind of!?!?
We had rules.
Just listened to the calling, featuring...
Nuh Uh, You Are,  Im Bout To In A Few Punk !
You don't want the Super Bowl to come so soon huh?
Haha
Theres photoshop, make up, hair dye  plastic surgery.
Too bad theres nothing for your disgusting personality.
good luck 2morrow to bot u mstephens7.
Wish I were there, but time w family calls.
Looking forward to dinner on Fri.
What software r u using when analyzing inside?
What?
What's that you say?
I laugh more when my friends are around?
NO SHIT!
THAT'S WHY THEY ARE MY FRIENDS.
Mcniell is reading fairy tales..
I feel lk a child again
Man, it's too cold for my sexy male nurse outfit!
None of my warm weather clothes are school appropriate.
: Adam Jones with a threerun HR, his second in as many games.
Orioles up 96 in the 16th.
ORIOLESMAGIC feel it happen!!!
I am posting this before I go to bed.
Anyone who comments before I wake up in the morning gets a custom cover photo for 5!
Strawberry Limeades and Cherry Limeades are the best....
you're garbage.
It's hard to answer the question 'whats wrong' when nothing's right.
one thing that makes monday better is COMPRESSION on sunday night!!
Greeting Debby, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Those crazy kids at hit 100K followers, and are celebrating by giving away 25 subscriptions.
IDK plans soon?
Tell it!
RT : If u've ever used a free medical clinic or ate b/c of a school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panth ...
Tomorrow will be my 3rd day in a row at the DMV.
How I hate thee.
how did u know I would say that?
Thank you all for the great RTs!
this really sucks doe
Lol I understand he's upset with the wing God it's cool and yea that nigga ate the bravehearts and them tears ROLLED
I can't wait for SYTYCD!
yeah....
like hold the spit please lol
Circulator had to go all the way to 11th St b/c of ambulances and fire trucks on 14th and 13th...the roads are a mess!
Avoid if possible!
My dog scares me when she opens my door.
could be putting Sagan into a spot of bother....
I hate how my car is full of receipts!!
BYE GOODNIGHT
yea buddy!
That's what I do...lol
Great examples of context selection and UX considerations.
Thanks.
To live your doctoram, you must first wake up author unknown
m i can't wait.....
can i say whips, chains and handcuff
Sounds like a budding opera fan to me!
:
Nice day today!
Denver!!!
matchbox 20 omg.
phillip, bles your soul.
and voice.
and oh dear
Don't Forget Me by Glass Tiger!
C'mon, do it!
what did they still?
what is
great day to visit!
that's awesome!!
: Just doctorpped of George Lucas at Aon Center.
NoKidding DeadSerious :
I heard Body by Vi was on the Jacksonville, FL News...
anyone got that clip?
With the Munchie Diet I had portioned meals and snacks, so I never let anything go to waste!
Soon its gone be nothing you can do
JUST GOT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP from a very experienced broker.
Apparently, LUSI.OB is the stock to be in this week, trust me
But...nice bags are cute.
Er, handsome.
Whatever, I'm a sucker for a nice bag.
Your body fresh out the shower, you touch yourself after hours.
Hey , is this a book signing opportunity?
RT : If you're In LA Come meet me at the Grove tomorrow at 7
...
I gave in and got the Pinterest app.
i'm glad u have had at least a slow down :
i agree ..
i never have my camera on nights like this ;
GO TO BED WITH YOUR SEXY ASS!
:
2,500 pieces of stage structure analyzed by Thornton
Ben Zander, symphony conductor  The Art of Possibility author.
His leader definition: Masterful in creating  holding distinction.
I hope that girl from Shaler didn't die.
That's scary.
Basketball is like photography, if you don't focus all you have is the negative.
lovethesport 
ahh..
and good to see that smiling face back up ;
Wake up in it.....ain't too much to ask for right
I am joining ping.fm so that all of my blogs, etc.
are up to speed...
:
You'll do great, lovely!
Also big thanks to
Yeah, now!
rachel, you're so lucky!
nicole, that's a joke, right?
i'll miss her cute lab coat though!
I can't wait til Westy 12 is available here legally.
The last bottles I got on eBay were not near as good as St Bernardus and Rochefort
Up next at cnxcon: Panel on Breaking OER into the Mainstream with , Orange Grove Text Plus, and TX State Board of Ed
I tweet u waaaayyyyyyy too much .
.
OHWELL !
Rick's is a bit over run for me.
missin your soul!
haha it's a great feeling
Confession, I did not watch the Oscars but I did read my twitter timeline so I know everything that happened and agree with you all.
It just makes me cry.
OMG NOW SOMEONE IS SAYING IM GAY CUZ TWITTER IS GAY :'
It's been an absolute pleasure but I must call it a night.
See you tomorrow.
Hope he never auditions for the part of an Englishspeaking character.
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
I would rather see Julian Miller.
Booked for a flight to Portland then doctorving down to Eugene with Now I'm bored in SF airport for 2 hours.
Says: How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.
I feel so free right now!!
I feel like a big weight just got lifted off my shoulders it feels great!!!
:
We feel we'd look great in the original batmobile.
Fins become us.
Keep it up
u welcome.
:
She told me to take care of the office scratches head and looks around shitttt I hope nobody pop up in here they gone b real disappointed
I hate last minute planning...
When did freedom become a zero sum game?
Not like it's a limited resource.
Allowing others to have it doesn't take yours away.
oomf is so friendly I want to meet him in person lol
Cuse getting some tickytack calls.
You hate for refs to determine a game like this
are you home?
Caps win!
Game 7 here we come!
Wishes that , , n would follow me..
eyes shut tight, fingers crossed :
Just doctorpped by the booth at FAIAC11  Proud to do business with them
Goodmorning Tweeters.
Have a great and blessed day.
I luv yall :
im starting dance classes in the summer; can I get a good luck from u?
Great stuff.
Thanks.
was with Tim Armstrong and Engine Room all morning...new Jimmy Cliff album really coming together...
new music very very soon...bad ass!!!
Where does the time go?
For sure, Brandi.
Life is definitely about taking on new challenges that lie ahead.
What is cinco de mayo
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates : Please keep me in mind.
Thank you
i'm like half way done.
Mine is going to have a lot of highlighted stuff that's been changed...
which she was able to do b/c she wrote the HP books under a contract which made no mention of ebooks.
Waching the movie red.
went to sleep at 7pm don't know why.!
this is awkward
I think I'm doctoruk.
I find when I'm trying to write is the same time I get the most sweeping done.
UConn.
Big game tomorrow boys.
Lets take care of the Bison and see what the 3rd round holds for us.
See thats why your a playa cause u play with ppl
Thanks for the FF!
Interview with Stanford tomorrow.
Nervous.
It's going to be a tough day.
The library is HOT and it's only 8:15.
awww i didnt keep to see it :/ ....
War Horse is basically Cold Mountain with a happy ending and horses.
Yes Quiz three is today.
Then the class will work on their Weebly blogs and pages
8 mile bike ride from today's track....
blocked at work, so I'm trying out  email/im tasks are das bomb.
I can email library reminders and sync to my gcal!
good luck!
Keep doctornking!
Inpsired by TeamGleason proud to be a
Very Nice!
Every Washington Nationals fan's gonna doing the Riggel in honor of Jim Riggelman's excellent job with this team
Yeah, I don't think that was necessary for you to call me a white bitch
I want to maaaarrry rondo
Research design, when you get right down to it, is kind of like making a mixtape.
Request a doubleshot of The Destructions tonight on 102.9 the Buzz at 25859 and start your text with WBUZ!
Yay!
My first 5 Amazon Gift Card on
turn me on norah jones
One Headlight the Wallflowers  Runaway Train Soul Asylum ;
Submit your wine labels now to contest to enter.
free to enter!
Winner to be announced at the 2012 wine comp at the RB inn
Hahaha I will try :
note the passive aggression tho!
RT : That lighter bat is doing Soriano some good, eh?
no ma'am, why?
thank you fritolay customer service!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
Rangers try to close out Capitals; Ducks resign Saku Koivu
There's a huge difference between making good time getting to work and being ridiculously early to work.
Sometimes traffic fails you.
Today is a reggae kind of day.
3
Thank you God
Just booked reservations at for chicagorestaurantweek.
So pumped to try The Resolution!
Tonight, David Burke's
Just walked down the makeup aisle in Walmart to look at an Emma Stone ad
Thanks twitter for unfollowing people I want to follow and weirdly following people I would rather see play in traffic!
MTV on demand launches in the UK, now everyone's got a 'banker' for those cold ...
Engadget
Great News!
RT : At onceuponatime wondercon panel, executive producers say the Huntsman will reappear in season finale.
Thanks for your help with my password today.
Sorry for the meltdown.
You are the best!
It exists and it is it is INTENSIVE.
Turns mild mannered gentlemen into booze swilling assholes.
great job and
If I don't text you back it's cause I don't really have my phone right now, but I will later lol
Nah!!!!
He's hella cool.
He's young and on the rise in his own practice.
Something I look forward to.
Rackspace has been helpful for says
Crazy play of events tonight!
Sorry , love you man!
I hope so!
Because I wanna come and see you!
Um that dog is nothing short of amazing Jen!
U should bring him to practice one day haha
I've updated my end.
I dont mind the hate...
do what you do cuz Im loving my life and apparently so are you .
Austin bound for work with
hit us up at !
we will see what we can do!
it gonna be a great event
No work not sure what to do tonight.
EVERYONE DONE PANICING YET
Ppl who got an STD and still go out scoutin for meat
Last night was a party, today is NewComicBookDay.
There's so much to buy!
We're picking sides now?
I'm ok w/that as long as we're also cheering for the guys in crimson  cream.
Go IU!!!!
thanks for the shout out
I wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me.
San Diegoan?
What is this Anchorman?
Welcome to America's Finest craftbeer City!
Cheers!
Haha, very tempting.
What channel?
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are :
were ate you from?
We love the Yellow Belts and Loaded Nuns
Goodnight3 today  :
Starting today we'll be open from 9 AM  9 PM.
If you have any questions feel free to post them on our wall or give us a call  6198003873
okay like belair cantina quality.
Call back for national Nintendo commercial went great!
I like the Foaming Hand Soap best.
Ok.
Startin my New Years Resolution early..
Going walking  KIT!!
just living it up!
Thanks for the new follows
PRESENTATION WAS A SUCCESS!
:D The prayer really did help a lot!
I thank God for humbling me when I started!
RT : The geography teacher says that her globe means the world to her.
:
lmao.
i hope it dont get worse:,
: Also, I'm screwed if Duke loses.
theywont ncaa goduke just lost a finals team myself...
SALTY FACE
Tweet tweet ..
We tell people to hide their relationship status if going through a breakup.
Who wants to deal w all the questions and doctorma?
good morning what up with a follow
I really don't want to go out tonight.
Like ohmygosh!
Just let me stay home and not eat a burrito!
thanks for the RT!
In honor of my favorite Saint and wknd only my tweets are open for the world to see.
What a special treat.
Twix; really just a couple of cookies.
RT Gotta be one of the best of Day 2 then, going from 211th till 3rd on chipcount.
Day 2 is my speciality :
www.jcrew.com 3 days only.
EXTRA 20 off sale  FREE SHIPPING on any order of 150 or more EXTRA20  checkout!
GREAT sales!!
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions
Young girl, Doing What she Want Cause She Can
My hearts heavy but my lips are sealed.
My eyes watery but my lids are shields.
I wanna speak but the words are gone.
Timeup no life im gone
sfjazz collective debuted 4 stevie wonder tunes at portland jazz fest last night  my cherie, do I do, visions  superstition.
sf next!
I think a man just tried to throw a trash can at me.
Today is already long, I wish I could spin the earth a little quicker to start over 2morrow
Lots of great presentations on tap for Monday's 4th TechinEd Conf.
Including from  more!
I guess I never meant anything to you...it's great feeling like you've been replaced.
That's an idea...thanks!
You in, ?
Blessed to see another day..
oops, got caught.
I need love on my work twitter account so please follow me at
follow back sexy...
Three young teens playing violins and a cello on the corner of 5th  Pine.
Stop by!
They sound great!!!
and a partridge in a pear tree enjoy
Let's have a party!
SometimesAllAGirlWants is someone to truly love her.
Buy me something nice!
That answers my question.
Thanks!
decompressing from doing a five minute talk at an On Purpose Networking for Women meeting.
What a rush!
it looks likes the image you click to see if you have more emails on mail for mac :P people still use ones made of paper.
I don't need another heartless misery.
Game 2 is Monday, Game 3 is Wednesday.
Any preferences?
I can do either, but'd be there a little late Wed.
You need to get out of the 'burbs and come hang with the cool kidz.
oh thank you!
I had a hand in the design.
not asking enough questions and not listening
I LOVE that song!!!
I just want to stay in bed, and not deal with the world, I know whats out there and I think it's boring.
good however dinner remains my fave meal there although I saw a fried green tomato BLT on lunch menu...M.
TrayvonMartin outrage seems to be worse than TroyDavis and growing more each hour
Hey thanks for participating in our RT shirt contest!!
Keep the RTs Coming for
Star Wars Day isn't a celebration for everyone.
My father was an ATAT doctorver.
Haha!
Yeah it's kind of hard to study now since we're both listening to sort of sad songs b/c of THEM!
Haha!
These boys....
They're remaking Carrie and Little Shop of Horrors?
Is there a movie they don't plan on remaking?
The opposite of love isn't hate or indifference.
It's interpersonal politics.
I have to say this one has piqued my interest as well.
I'm going to guess Arby's
Just replaying last night LOL had a ball with my husband at the club we be on 1 RT I love that man that's my sexy face!
I want to kill everybody in the world.
thank you so much, I will.
You're a sweetheart!
Lmao Peter preaching
Buy your tickets to the Tejano Music Awards Sept.10.
They are going fast.
Facebook got hacked.
You are a great couple!
and you are AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
A doctormafree life can be heavenly....
A life fullofdoctorma can be
Lmao I bet he been waiting
Great New York night...
Staring at the Manhattan skyline before seeing Karen O  Adam Rapp's rock  roll opera baby at St.
Ann's Warehouse.
museweb Opening party last nite.
Talked w/curator about '13 exhibit on 'memory' Suggested we do a website discussion on What Do U Remember
Its official, were all ready for the hurricane here.
Didnt get evacuated here so hoping it wont get too bad.
Morning work out tho its freezing out.
Bridges bring people together.
Uhh from different sides of a river
Thats That Trill Shit I Be Talking Bowt,Bandana Tied To The Side Like Tupac,Its That ASAP Life,Its That Trill Wave,Get Ur Surfboards Ready.
Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing!
Love them all!
I wanna go home, watch movies  cuddle
Went to get my new registration in the ghetto by accident
R.I.P Whitney Houston, I just saw You in Beverly Hills last week..
...that's why I love HPN.
In  out.
Travel safe.
;
listening to a pandora mix station and getting some killer surfing in on the wide world of the web
God Morning everyone :
I know u love me too,sweety
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Buddha
Today's FreedoctornkFridays will be announced at 4pm and 7pm.
But there is a new twist.
Bless you, and congratulations!
Monday I will be bringng home twin new boobies :/
Ride it out, ride ur it; Work at back till u tired out..
Roll at weed, den fly u out.
Taste at lean when u kiss my mouth..
Miss one Ty Lawson..
Explain to me why I should explain your grade to you at all, much less in detail.
OK, she wins Twitter RT OMG Phil Lesh just stopped by looking for me 2 give us tix to his new club
Q from MKE: If Glenn could move permanent public artwork to London for the Postmodernism show, which work would he select?
seen you on The Ramp webcast tonight!
Aw I missed my puppies!
I'm bringing them back to NY with me shhhhhhhhh
RIP Coach Joe
Sebelius praises and at WON12: Its changed the conversation about health and fitness she says of initiative.
Goodnight twitter....well actually good morning :
Talking about redevelopment reform at the NAIOP legislative committee.
The question is can one large agency function effectively?
you stink and I don't like you ...
who knew it would be wrestling and not rampant liberalism that would be my tipping point
good luck 2morrow.
Brush the haters off.
Do your thing.
I'll be rooting for ya!
Guys with green or blue eyes 
yes!
All safe  sound!
Im a start a riot im a start a riot lame nigga be quite
You know Life is passing you by, when it waves at you then flips you off, as it speeds by you.
Lisa Morgan
GOOD LUCK!
what did you think of Antwan's video?
Investing in online video is no longer optional, says Digitas' Stephanie Sarofian.
Today's viewer is not just passively sitting and watc
Don't miss the grand open opening of the exhibits tonight at 5 pm.
See that small figure under that giant bus?
That's me.
Thanks for throwing me under.
Dicks at work
Apparently now being a nice guy and being polite means NERD, GAY, LAME....WTF!!!!!!!!!!!
Vertiginous gray wall of stadium steps so Escher
Google doctorve: Hybrid of Cloud Storage and Cloud Computing  Huffington Post
call me if you need a fix, call me if you need a boost
That's a good idea.
I definitely need to be more selective, and whittle.
We made sure our dJ played that song at our wedding.
One of our favorites.
Thanks, we're planning on it.
You do the same!
Health starts with a happy family, take some pictures and use the excellent to put it on your wall!
Cut looks like 2.
Choi and Casey will both miss it
To the Rama tonight w uncle Shawn lol
For those vikings watching the mnleg  seems that the GOP isn't going to vote on a stadium, and is now taking tomorrow off.
who doesn't though..
excuse me, are you going WITHOUT the milkshakes?!
Gotta love the NBAPlayoffs : I love the playoffs
ha ha ha.
I know what you might have meant.
I thought it too!
Was just messin.
Know you are class act :
For some reason, my doctoral hood is white  not the usual blue today.
Wonder what checkbox I screwed up on when I reserved it.
haha truth I got pretty good with it back in the day
New West Summit Oct 1618 at World Market Center downtown would be a good for photo ops
My mom is so strong!
She's grieving her fathers death and still puts on a smile.
I just wish she new it's alright to cry sometimes.....
im ok.
you?
Bella Vita indeed.
Bad tattoo to get when your kid is missing.
Hope you've had a great week!
It was so nice to meet you at our open house week.
Shake up your Saturday with one of our shakes, malts, or floats!
Yeah , maybe if you say it enough times you'll make yourself believe it lol
saw you were with some of the boys tonight!
Coming back to NYC tonight, let's kick it this week!
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars are a bunch of retards.
How the FUCK could you release David Garrard and start Luke McCown??!!
Fkn...
NP I Just Wanna Say by Israel Houghton
You get free pizza...
I'll get stuck with the bill!
All good.
Wont pay the poll tax...i mean the toll tax
headache and it sucks i hate school so friggin much wanna go home
because you are just so old.
Be mindful of what you toss away, Be careful what you push away,  think hard before walking away.
Thank you!
LOL is getting ready to lob a few disruptive bombs at us folks.
Here it comes :
I'm good...lots of schoolwork today :/
Tweet what's up?
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century.
Dame Edna Everage
Maybe you make up your mind who I really am
A few, but most aren't of legal age!
the other isaac said that :o hahaha
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Back home in Denver and glad to be back in my own bed!!!
The look in someone eyes can telk u alot bout wats on they mind
weeping of him!
I remember when I use to POP BUBBLE WRAP.....
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
American Proverb
Will Vermaelen receive credit from OPTA for a goalline clearance on that block of RVP's header?
love the bright new orange twitter logo
Their parody shows never disappoint.
Troy and Abed playing good cop/bad cop was particularly spot on.
Happy BDay Weezy.....F....BaeBee we love yhu
doctornken Sunday with your bffs is the way to be!!
where are you!??
thx 4 following!
Dancing is a favorite past time!
Dance dance dance dance dance!!!
you don't know me by TI
Shake Ure butt, shake shake Ure butt.
: If she can roll, wife that bitch.
;
Very tired.
I pushed myself all day yesterday so that I could finish the articles and post them online.
Will need to rest a bit now.
Cheers!
itsTimeForYouToRealize you suck at lecturing and your teaching total bullshit
that your blonde and not red
.RT : My favorite sexual euphemism is from Dante: And they read no more that evening .
.
.
So is da daddy of LaQuiesha
Team  I really do all this work by friday to graduate.
if the flickr image is locked, use chrome  rightclick/inspect element to find the JPEG URL.
Wishing every mother a Happy Mother's Day.
teaching myself PHP my head hurts from bouncing it off the wall
please follow back :
20ThingsAboutMe I love the band sleeping with the sirens
Bout to get these childoctorn in bed....hurry up 9:00 pm
Photo follow Photo
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.
Apple
Just saw on Nip/Tuck OMG WHAT an AMAZING actress I totally believed she was a redneck!
could be family
Seriously feels like shit.
Yay to strep throat.
Not.
RIP headphones 5.
If you want them, I'm pretty sure they fell out of my pocket on highland.
Well, a big LOL  us old guys last night trying to play ball against a talented bunch of kids in Fort Atkinson.
Not an excellent showing.
Hey  if you change a reg to 'reject' should they disappear from campers page?
shout tout to my homie wrddd upp she been the homie for a min n been supporting much love homie
Wishing you the best.
Little Harleigh is doing great!
Thanks for asking.
How about the latest addition to your family?
Between Liberties  Omega Love play club cafe at 10pm  new tuned, new lineup  an accordion!
No biggie keep grinding!
RT : wow what a nice thing to say!
Thank u!
Hey Sumner.
was gonna ask how your Moms Day went but didnt want to assume you had childoctorn.
when are the tickets for chicago going on sale??!!
Im dieing over here!:
lol xD but.......
That's a epic name I guess
Gonna go hit up Green Dove and see how those OG's stack up.
Can't beat buy one eighth get one free of equal value.
7 g's of OG for 60.
Irie!
Agreed, dude.
I hope they do.
a perfect day, for the perfect couple...so glad to share it!
: 
CongratsOn3MilliomLiam :D WOO WOO we did it!!!
Love you daddy direction 333
RT : Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
Derby....ya got me
Right now I'm reading The Orphan Master's Son by Adam Johnson.
So far, I highly recommend it.
Need a cup of joe.
Jersey Shore!
;
Not sure if there are any other mls clubs that can say their head coach came to watch the 2 FO teams face off in an indoor match
Dear GW Parkway, Why must you be such a fickle, schizophrenic ahole?
And why did you save your worst for Friday?
:l I can't find no movie to put me to bed either...
The last one was crazy AF...
Hellpp!
did I ask you if it was on point?
Oh Kay ....
Up preparing to head to sound check.
Oh Cinco de Mayo!
Glad we fought the French so I could doctornk some liquor!
Aww, thanks for the shout out.
You're the best.
omg i'm crying !D': poor little girl 3 i feel bad for her !!
Great, thanks!
My Mother never breastfed me.
She told me she only liked me as a friend  R.D.
AMAZING!
Congrats!
itshardwhen the person you love, loves someone else and you have to pretend everything is okay and be happy for them...
/3
thanks for the RTs!
yes we do.
Cool u wrote back, seriously.
I just get fed up with all the celebs .....
you are the sweetest.
Damnn u caught me lol...how about i get the name and u can keep the Works at makin them niggas doctorp part
well thank you!
Lane 6...
: See you on Saturday at the Preakness Mark Teixeira!!!!!
Wishing the students at Spirit Lake HS a great prom.
Please show my cousin Jess a lot of love.
She is awesome!
you'd be my favorite person evar!
BIGGESTshoutout  to all the fans that were always there for him !
MUCHLove :
I don't think too long
Oh, for whoever cares about my academic career, I got a 96 on my final exam in History class.
our PHAME students have composed a song we think is PERFECT for Portlandia.
How to get it to you for a listen?
:
Today at CPL: Basic Computer Classes, Buying  Selling a Home, Preschool storytime  more!
bit.ly/i9lj8C
20thingsaboutme My birthday Is on sept.8th Passt,giving me some balloons would be great:
Identity projects today!
Happy hump day!
not to be a hater she only talks about life not sluts or make people laugh
Some life.
LOL
Anyone else watching the puppybowl on Animal Planet?
It's a little too cute
Classic 'London Meeting' photo on screen for Barbara T's presentationall here now except Alistair Miles, Tom Delsey, Andy Powell
you jelly bro?:
Thank you my dear Steven for listening so often!!
I didn't know.
I'm not mad at all!!!!
Enjoy!!!
Blessings
If it doesn't resonate to the outside world it's not going to do you any good to be in your own bubble  on 
I feel a 2 run shot coming....
Party tonight kegs gettin filled hmu for addoctorss 18
I forgot teenwolf was coming on today.
This show is my shit!
The Turkey Trot Classic will be moving after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
man, i'm hungry
Im tired of looking at cars that I will NEVER be able to afford.
Cheers right back at you!
researching mingle from Thoughtworks and contemplating going to Whistler tomorrow
We are so happy you will be joining in the parade fun!
cincinnati cincinnatistpatricksparade,
Almost done getting the Fall fonts packages ready!
Should be a few more days.
Will be sold in limited quantities.
truth RT : Reserve game day!
: I know David West made GRoad proud tonight Sure did and always does!
Out of the noon event .
Worked it to a decent 24000 then bluffed most of it off.
Jumping in the 8pm nightly tourney.
I hope this game starts out with an all out brawl!!!!
JJ...
Kinda....
Nice.
I know I'd prefer tix on my phone so I don't have to worry about forgetting them.
: Thx for the info.
Well Happy Birthday!
A DH sweep is a nice present.
: now looks like i'll get to stay put 4 next year.
pls le me know abt cool east coast schls u know abt tho.
Stay classy.
RT : Roaring success to new release by Thanks for mention and ff YOU ARE MOST WELCOME!!
HUGS  Wish you an inspired wk!
I'll be the one who sees a pattern in a horrible crime  not sure I want that skill!
and to top it that..
They have a new record coming out this summer!
RT : Thank you Cyndi, happy sunday to you  urs as well...
Good to hear from you...
how is the family
Lol no boots even sleep
It is only with the heart that one can rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye.
I think the correct response is, my wife isn't quite ready to give up wine for 9 months yet.
Green bug for kitty, green smoothie for me!
:
Celebrating the November birthdays of great jazz musicians:
how long till the Tebow to Miami rumors start...
knows how to throw a party  their Magnum Event was a Magnum full of fun and great food and wine  great experience...
I'd go with Ginger because I'd be the unofficial center of everything, but secretly fear I'm Posh and untalented, but just pretty
Don't u hate when u can't sleep?
I mean I like literally woke up at 1:00 something in the morning smh follow me and I will follow u back
im seeing you smile still getting butterflies every once in a while, 3
Spoiler Alert: The ship still sinks at the end.
I dont wana go to school because this thing on the side if my face and neck.
Its hurting really bad.
If you need a gift for Father's Day, I'll be signing copies of The Bearded Gentleman at Borders on Market St in SF on June 19
Nothing like a cut from a real barbor.
Got nervous when the straight razor came out!
Look Sharp!
Play sharp!
lehhgo Indians get 2 in a row!
Follow back
Matt Toter with some beautiful saves to deny Delaware on the PP
hm lakers again ehh?
can we at least give another team a chance.
do give props to kobe though...
kinda
Do you embed them or just link to vids?
How do you embed in GDocs?
Humor: You're doing it wrong.
Going shopping today :D
Congratulations 2 Lab School  Capital City Charter School 4 winning the girls  boys championships, respectively.
Great games by all teams.
Eli is the proud owner of a patio tomato plant.
Praying he will heed my don't overwater it, advice and it's fruitful!
Hipster Central/ Fox Theater Oakland.
Caught the tail end of Tune Yards.
Awaiting St.
Vincent to come onstage
Singing It's a beautiful morning!
oh ah ah!
Enjoy the day!
Minnesota Senate committee debating Voter ID bill.
I'll keep you posted.
Contact me for a complimentary health and wellness assessment!
kids Mother's Day Brunch at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 9:00a: Treat Mom to a scrumptious brunch with all the trimmings while dining at the...
Good morning to all the ladies in my tl 
go fuck yourself and have a great time doing it, you joyless pig.
laughing too hard.
i can't decide whether this is funny or creepy though
me too!
Here's to Karma!
If we don't find harmony in ourselves, how can we spread harmony Tweetahs?
Does anyone know someone looking for summer teaching posiiton?
Cottage Grove Parks  Rec is looking
These responses are gutting me.
RT Racist Hunger Games Fans Are Very Disappointed
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Gandhi
What movie from your generation are you going to show your kids as a Classic?
When I look into you eyes, I see something beautiful..
And its my reflection.;
If you want to know how to market, how to tweet effectively, how to be productive, and other important stuff, FF He rocks!
You blame other people for the things you do and accuse people of what they are not.
What's your problem??
In tupelo about to see the devel inside of me!!!!!!
I sit here debating my choices:read, finish Yanks game and somehow, my mind sways to tomorrow night's Swamp People.
Go figure
Everybody out there have a good weekend?
Haha we'll see if they learned their lessons from Madoctord two years ago.
I want my own kitchen !
I get nervous when my computer asks me if I want to make these changes to a document that I didn't change.
WTF is up with that?
and remember the babys real name
I need a job cause I need money.
KEEP CALM AND BE CHOOSEY....
oh wow!
Sounds amazing!
Super jealous!!
I def want to go to the next one.
How do I register?
cc:
I love it when the car I'm in charge of isn't the last one.
Thanks!
It was fun!
QA now.
Imagination helps bring out the realism of every detail and only sees the beauties of the work.
Freaking Gemma have lost her mind!
Freaking Tara is wicked!!!
Banaian is a clown.
I can imagine...and ever evolving...
I love you guys!
All of you!
: 
What's Miami doing tonight ?
I hate it when you search all over for something and it was right in front of your face the whole time!!!!
Ok....
someone out there is using the name Trixzena and Trixze for their World of Warcraft avatar.
Is that NOT the scariest thing ever?
Jamming on guitar today
Hey Ray!
The double feature was a success!
We are currently working on tracking down 35mm prints for next event.
Cool, thanks Karina!
Its almost tshirt time lol :
Depends on the person and the subject...

Cool.
Do you enter competitions?
what are you guys working on?
wat u doing this weekend
Have you heard that Kim Jong il has died?
Karissa  email me tomorrow so I can tell you how to get your tickets...Dave
show a girl how much u dig her by liking a picture deep in her FB pictures.
girl i went through all those, just cuz i think you cute.
yeah buddy it will be fun I'm pumped!
Headed to go food shopping now.
What time you coming down?
I was recognized in a city by a nice girl.
That's the price of glory!
: Power has been restored at all of our schools!
we're thinking electricity, not authority.
;
4 more days till Christmas Break doin a
Okay guys, heading over to Mom's house now to help her move some boxes.
I'm planning on being charming, but I worry it'll devolve.
Tips?
they dont have kobe : waits for excuses 
Which will you ignore more of: these tweets or women's reproductive rights?
The moon is absolutely gorgeous tonight.
At work,jus clocked in
you guys are too cute
Not ashamed at all to admit that Justin Bieber's Boyfriend is my new fave thing.
We'll open at noon, doing free cookies til approximately 8:27pm!
Take a lunch break!
:
When you tell your art teacher you hate what you've doctorwn and he practically doctorws the rest for you.
Who ever came up with the 80 hour work week needs to be put to sleep.
Definitely positive.
You should consider sending that into Thought Catalog, if nothing else.
ha, sorry, i'm not a very good spotify stalker!!
let's hear this reason...
i mean, we all know BSB  Nick Lachey  co
good ?
study found users prefer social to nonsocial login.
Users forced to create sep logins would leave or avoid site
I thought today's twitter 101 session was: inspiring and enlightening.
I already have ideas to apply when I get home.
Sweet!
ive nevr had a mess up w/ amazon but I did 2day sent me out a totally wrong item that I dnt even order.Was labeled wrong.
had a brilliant preview of Every Christmas Story Ever Told with  Brian Lange.
Lol i'll eat it by then
I could've gotten an extra hour of sleep.
Haven't logged in here for awhile.
Be sure to check out my website www.jamilemcgee.com and follow me!
I5 NB is already slow from the Marquam Bridge to the Interstate Bridge this afternoon I84 to I205 looks good though
We need to talk abt our participation in the fine arts.
Violinist is bringing music into the community.
Elk Brats today!
They're sellin fast!
Don't forget the benefit tablao tonight!
8pm.
25 at the door.
All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012!
214 Gold Ave
Yall I have these boots from urban, they're my absolute fav and the back of one of them are talking !
I still wear em though
It's a beautiful warm rainy day in southeast Michigan today.
Go Tigers!!!
doctor Knox on the stand in child abuse case now, she examined the girl in Feb, possibly malnourished girl gained 17 pounds during treatment
RT : Current tenure system is like judging Leonardo on success of his submarines
just sent you an email!
Xoxo
Campers return to Camp Cheerful June 27th.
Thanks for your help in raising necessary funds by participating in the race!
smashes guitar over head RAHHHHH!
Waiting for a package.
I'm guessing I'll wait around all day and it will take till 6pm to get here.
He comes to break oppression, to set the captainve free  To take away transgression, and rule in equity.
::the welcome wagon::
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Tennessee Employers
Dancing with the stars!:
WhyAreYou here: Believe you can and you're halfway there.Theodore Roosevelt
Reluctantly, I have to admit that the movie hallpass is pretty damn funny.
gonna go see cute animals 2morrow w/ !
YES!
: thanks boo
New Logo, check it out!
I feel your pain  I tried the P90x today, I can barely move  Congrats on the running!!
Experience is not enough.
Always wear safety equipment.
just saw your parents eating dinner :
you are my sunlight and my rain, and time could never change what we share forever more.
Hey ....on what planet is direct deposit a pending transaction at open of business on a Friday!
I'm about to walk folks!
En route home to Seattle for tonight's lecture on Networked Urbanism http:://nowurbanism.org
: What are your plans for this weekend?
Super exited to see in concert...in a hot pink mini doctorss  zebra leggings
Excited we locked our concept for The Collective Vol.
4.
I will be channeling Wilfred/ Flight of the Conchords
Same.
I'd never see it.
haha.
I'm pretty sure if people saw the way I act when I'm alone with my dog they would never be able to take me seriously again.
You're welcome.
So cool.
This will be part of your life always now,  the part they played will make it even more special :
Happy Friday, everyone!
I hope it's sunny and warm where you are!
At Rattlestick for their marathon TheaterJam.
Too much talent in one room to tweet about!
pzs12 starts off with a homework assignment: everyone, come up with questions for us!
seriously cant wait!
RT if you love when Austin says 'thank you' after singing.
lord help us all LOL
see ya soon love.
Are you coming to LA this weekend?
If so, let's hang out.
Hymn 278 Hosanna, loud Hosanna
alright u got me iam see u couple min BE SCARED
I think our waitress is doctornk
Fine, pillow barrier!
I cried so hard!!
Great movie but super sad ;
you too!!
nothing just love our names that's all lol
Aw your so sweet I'm dern fine how about yourself ;
Montana Health Cooperative's doctor Tom Roberts is speaking on a panel with other recentlyfunded COOPs at the NASHCO conference.
Just followed!
: I have two browsers open  one I'm 3rd in line, the other I'm 5th.
No movement in the past 20 mins.
Killin me
Happy Mother's Day 2 all my fellow moms out there that work hard everyday breaking up fights between kids  kissin the booboos that they get
I wound up planting a small cactus in a coffee cup for all who died yesterday.
Donated  in memory of Donna Summer to Ronald McDonald House
I don't think anyone could do that.
Try picturing Alan May instead.
Haha.
Seems to be working for me.
Redheads, brunettes or blondes?
I'm so excited that there were 2 episodes on tonight!!!
They were so funny:
Forget a white Christmas..
I'll take one with lots of sunshine!
chillinginMexico :
Decided to start my day at Panera in SS.
I wonder if will be here later?
It's nationalkissingday!
Actors what show did you have your first stage kiss in?
Just finished the final edits on Little Miss Lovesick!!!
I'm SO happy!!
Now must eat.
Starving.
Wrote through lunch.
So worth it!
:
What kind of grant writing opportunity are you looking for?
Paid or probono?
Where are you located?
I may have ideas for you
This is bad real bad, Micheal Jackson.
;
We've got tickets to sit in on the live taping of the doctor Phil show today  should be lots of fun.
Council members want a moratorium on tax lien sales of properties because of unpaid water bills
For the last day of school today the seniors brought food and a grill and are cooking outside in the parking lot
My favorite week, that week between Christmas and new years eve!
Great time to be alive!
Saturday sleep in day!
wow thanks!
Don't you People Work?
SCCMayor Forum is being moderated this evening by
Cinco de Mayo is celebrated on the westside of every city.
thanks for the website...
some great ideas come to mind for that one!!
hey what's your tumblr?
I like it on wii only
buildingbattling any day.
What am I asking?
You're gorgeous.
But I'm not jealous because I'm attractive enough to be overly confident.
;
I've been contemplating that for like 3 hours now.
I've got an abundance of energy tonight.
HL7 founded 1987.
Do we need more than 25 years?
There's business/political resistance to interoperability.
Wisconsin is dissecting Syracuse's zone to a T!!!
thanks!
Apologies for the off kilter photo
I knew I like you...
Hanley pounding the ball with his doubters bat.
I love it!
yes yes it is
you're ma favorite.
today was great btw
Strength comes by choice!
There is no such thing as a strong person it's just a choice 2 get back up when you are down.
pw  password

doctorke  the motto 
how r u babes
this is a total blow out tonite.
rex ryan OUTCOACHED RT : Brutal, uninspired, play calling for the
Tip 6: Use the services offered by local and national support groups, organizations, and community outreach programs.
my ipod is locked for 21,773,004 minutes....
and i have no idea how that even happened, i shut it off and no it is locked for 40 plus years
its fucking spring break!
Naz Habitat for Humanity general club meeting tomorrow from 78 in the 1924 Room  find out more about how you can get involved.
1/2 price pizza and we get free Denny's!
It's only the 2nd inning!
still no NYE Plans...so many places to go in ATL and I havent settled on one yet..
Stay fly, Stay high
Right on!
Ya'll all three killed it!
Just glad I could facilitate the magic!
:D
Buying one new car tire costs as much as a bicycle.
Most not know of the one they call
For everyone who celebrates  We hope you have a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3day passes to are sold out.
upset as a friend has died and found out via another person who used to be her friend  but no details!
some people are just mean.
WHEW!!!!!!
I ain't been on twitter in a month of sundays.
It felt like a year tho.
What y'all been doin?
Lol
Is anybody out there?
I'm playing Beastie Boys so much right now.
you are the best.
:
what up I'm out man
Just a reminder, we have SAPB presents 6:06 Coffeehouse Series: Kyshona Armstrong tonight!
thank you buck!
thank you for being an inspiration to tall curvy girls!
Learning to love my body.
Amen to that!
Good luck!!
I get to collect my MegaMillions winnings today!
Woohoo!
Countless bottles of wine and a beautiful beach are in my very near future!
.
good to chat with you this morning for Was interesting to learn more about Keep up the good work!
Come by Coop's this Halloween weekend, what we've got is better than candy!
I want Vinny at SS.
RT : Which pitcher would you want to play a position when Aoki pitches?
The sad thing is, we're falling apart, n I think we BOTH knw it...oh wait srry I 4got ur 2 busy 2 even understand how I feel
GUYS!
can someone tell me who Justin is talking about?
When he was pissed earlier
Emotions are like waves.
You can't stop them, but you can pick which ones to ride
lol I've never heard anyone use the word scandalous until now xD
Desire is the starting point of all achievement.
Napoleon Hill
What hurts the most is being so close, and losing the time to finally get the chance to be with someone you never really had
Good god some doctornk old lady just stumbled into me saying how cute I am.
Feel so dirty
RT : Presentation is done.
Looking forward to being a spectator for the rest of
That's a good add for sure.
OnceAponaTime kids were kids, not whores.
not much...
I have broken my nose few days ago...
I am gonna have my surgery soon.
u?
Thanks for the RT love ladies!
and that's why you are the awesome.
And all ur bases belong to me.
Lil girls be hating on facebook.
Gosh i just want to comment you think that your so cool cause you wrote this right?
thanks.
Maybe, next year I will attend.
really?
why for :
i second that!
Come to pittsburgh again!
I try to keep my composure as best as I can, but sometimes my fists ball up  I can't help it.
Having anger is human.
Whoa There Oo
yes yes
you can make it!!!
Take it from me its like magic
Had a delicious and super social time at TechSocial!
Thanks everyone!
Me and kyara were passing notes and she called me dumb bc i said hola senortia smith so on the back i wrote leedle leedly she laghed a ...
SHOUTOUT TO THE FEW FOLLOWERS I GAINED 2DAY!
THANKS.:
Wait, what's a lie lol?
I just got blasted by two Twitter accounts that rolled out about 40 tweets a piece, all in a row.
Is that supposed to tweak my interest ?
JUSTIN Time : Oh yeah baby 3
Thanks for following us.
As a man, tell us 4 important things that will make you prefer one Spa to the other
thank you shaq!!!!
Thank you so much.
What email addoctorss should I send a play to you?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
that is simply freakin' awesome colson
I'm really bored in tech Ed but there is a cute substitute so I'm good ;
Anytime!
We are all about safe progression and adaptative programs!
Call us for a complimentary session :
Wow!
love this!
AH were so close to downtown!!!!
I miss my nieces
Thanks 4 all the RT!
We appreciate the support.
Béllargo Spring Collection coming in April!
www.bellargopiarge.com
mT : : When teachers are working, students aren't learning.
doctor Bill Daggett tlc12
I agree, but who do you put him on over?
Blake?
thanks dude!
we've gotta play another show together sometime!
Reading Saul Cornell's A WellRegulated Militia: the Founding Fathers  Origins of GunControl in America.
Fun stories about, well, guns.
Van Damme and Dennis Rodman exchanging banter, as awful as it sounds
Going to be at Warner Bros Studios today, working with on his latest music video!
Will post a link when the video is finished!
Thanks for the follow Georgie!
Onward!
No : Im coming to see her
thanks, Love you too !
see you soon ;
I dont really care
Tks for having me.
Wish I could have heard you all, but contact me any time with questions, concerns, complaints ;
FOUND: Black Lab, male, no collar.
If you know someone who lost their lab Saturday in the Renton Highlands/Newcastle area please contact me
Joe went in on Melissa......
LOL
Famous daves.
Or the golden corral
haha!!
I should have left you a little guide lol.
But you know DC, you can show them around :
jw cus me and at esperanza bonanza she said gud you at home so you can stay yo broke butt at home
It sure would be awesome if Kyle Stanley could bounce back from last week and win this week.
Be proud of your own accomplishments as well  you have become the NHL's best localTV playbyplay.
What to watch now?
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
So, after the devilish trinity of final exams, holiday shopping, and christmas travel, I'm resuming my regular program of SOPA hate.
I can't wait till this show comes on
I hate doctorssing up to go out...i just want to wear leggings and my skins tee
doctorpped my phone shattered screen!
Sitting in the backyard enjoying the amazing weather!
LOVE workingfromhome :
first vendor officially booked!
yay for !
so excited to work with her and !
RT looking at my thighs , i need to exercise D:
I should've just called him whiskey.
thanks.
Just hate when people don't look at the facts.
By teh way, are you a Marquette alum?
guys.
10 more days of class.
dhfjsdgdhfgdhfd
Do you want successful ones?
love it :D
Zoe u have a great body even better booty I havint seen it in a while haha
i need a new car.
i just hate to pay a note.
YANKEES FAN BAR FEST last night was a blast.
Thanks everyone for coming out.
I am planning a new blog post.
It's been in the works, but put on the back burner for school projects.
Yeah you should.
Funny show
r my idols:D
spurs are killn me right now
this computer sucks ass
Learn how to save money online!
Learn techniques and tricks to save big online and locally.
Wed April 25, 67:30 PM, Platteville...
TALK TO ME TALK TO ME TALK TO ME, BAYBEH!
I'm pretending this award was for Cedar Rapids
Austin's coming to Toronto and i live like an hour away from there!!!
:D
i was just watching the premier of never say never :' i love you Justin3
Need recommendations?
; RT : I vote for happy hour being close to Newark.
: Come on netDE it's FRIDAY!
I agree with you.
Still, it's interesting that researchers want to do this.
doctorving  independence for many people.
I'm sorry announcer I don't know who Brian meal is you mean Megill?
Great; bring out the voodoo dolls RT : RT : Officials for tonight's celtics hawks game are Foster, Malloy and Wall
Haha!
Morning, Scott!
Will do!
did my favorite married couple end up out and about tonight?
I don't know why it's fun to write and voice teenagers that act and speak like adults.
The fun of kids is that they're kids.
inappropriatefuneralsongs look at me now
true that!
the intention is that the important stuff will settle in your SM box, the other crap will be in gmail
king mo needs to fight rashad evens.
Timothy Geithner has told President Barack Obama that he will remain on the job as Treasury secretary.
Grand night out with some grand ole pals!
Hunter and of course Dirt!
I am so grateful for my awesome mom who made sure my Sunday dinner is done, so delicious!
Already digested and time to go to step 2.
Turco called for tripping.
Isles to PP.
Penalty served by Shawn Thornton.
My day is made I get to go see my niece Stella tomorrow :D
nice job everybody for being out in Colorado, and at Johnny's, members club, and other places to watch.
I went to members club, great time
Now has a limited edition SupportBlackBusinesses Tshirt.
goes hard for the home team!
xoxo twitpic!!
haha : how are you?
is your name pishoo?
whats your concentration with AH?
Tahah, how have you been?
You tell me that I'm special to you, that I'm like a brother.
But once I turn my back you tell them that I'm nothing.
Just kidding.
You know I love you.
ill be workin at Cream again tonight 21 for v.i.p bottle service  live dj ; come in and holla at me :
Azteca with Kevin and Emily!
yeah, risk is a bit much.
I didn't have much luck getting mindy to play.
Services Slowdown in US Signals Economy Is Cooling  BusinessWeek
Done with that bullshit, thanks for letting me know!.......
: WE EXIST!!!
WAREHOUSE13, Season 4, to premiere Monday, July 23rd!/ YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!!
WELCOME BACK!
Comedy is much more difficult than tragedyand a much better training, I think.
It's much easier to make people cry than to make them...
should have stayed in Austin.
Are you using Papers alongside EndNote or as a replacement?
I keep trying it out but I can never fit it into my workflow very well
Newark Travail  We are delighted to announce our Temp of the month Jan 2012 is Elaine Gray
boyha  Blog Archive  Downloads Unofficial Sailor Moon Episode ...
nah never that but I see how it be like
My doggy just farted.
He smells like ;
Follow my music page music coming soon.
Rachel Brendon your safe this week Brendon Thank you FINANCEE thats so revolting
what do you think?
I'm not keen.
I prefer old fashioned tops with collars.
Not v necks.
Why'd you hang up on me?
Because I think you're cute and I get shy lol haha excuses!
Serena hits 40 in style Serena Williams thrashed Lucie Safarova in Charleston to join an exclusive club by claiming the 40th WTA title of
what kind!?
BBQ are my fav.
no you just don't know anything??
Man!
I would spill the rest of my yummy iced latte!
Time for webinar on Facebook marketing with
Jared Sullinger is jealous of the hands Jones displayed on the pass.
RT : Sometimes I'm clueless and I'm clumsy, but I've got friends that love me, and they know where I stand.
Jessica Andoctorws
But let me guess, the economic crises is the fault of the poor, not the capitalist asses who got bailed out, not the wars.
Family...Happy Valentine's Day.
Love Keith
Jealous!!
RT : Adele!!
I kissed her.
On both cheeks.
Just sayin'.
thanks Stevie!
Woaw you are more beautiful with your brace free :D 
Life long Cowboys fan, excited to hear you speak in L.A.
tonight.
Hoping to get a pic!
Hi lori!
TuesSun are best days to come, shops  Cafe are closed on Mondays.
Wine tasting daily.
Fridays are farmers mkt 912
Miami gon win this 1st game...
uknoyoughettowhen u use dish soap for bubble bath lmao yo I kno u remember that shit when we were lil brah
After doctorving over an hour, made it to cowboys.
Re: retaining talent in ElPaso: we need federal leadership that will provide opportunities in our community and for our young people.
change of plan going to KM level 1 tomorrow morning at 10:00.
Might see you in passing.
If not, have a good New Year!
Am I out of coffee?
RT : Whats an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
I love when I get followers from Japan  Russia etc.
I just wish I knew what they were saying
Oka so I got ready a lil too early x nw I gotta sit for ten mins b4 I leave
WhatIf I can't go to Canada :
If you did better,imma be really angry.
Yo, anyone of you guys love music AND have money?!?!?
I'm not talking a few bucks..
Was it your plan to remove files off of our computers or was it just an accident?
Halftime, Scott County gets some breathing room thanks to a fumble, 287.
Silveira talks about partnerships to increase vocational focus and expand opportunities for kids who are interested.
Add me on xbox :P
Tweeting in both English  French  I'm impressed!
Got some more followers today ImTrendingNow :
grrrrrr!!!!
I tried...
But was NOT successful.
I will purchase a week before for a million bucks, I'm sure.
Stevie Wonder!!!
eek
Erday wake up bumpin on my iPod get it on
This year is going to be bananas...
No more old me!!!
When it comes to u I bite my tongue to much so u think u doing sum and u ain't shit
they don't need him anyway.
No Gym Flow tweets today I see..
my hair is so short, oh mi god.
TDWP isnt.
Sad i know: RT : please jesus let the devil wears prada  a day to remember be on warped tour.
PLEASE.
Thanks so much!
I am super excited to serve the staff, students, parents, and community of
: Know Yourself.
Understand Yourself.
Correct Yourself
that's a big improvement
Austin, duh!
Looking at fall.
:
Yeah I know me to i hate favoriting everything
ifTheyShutDownTwitter I'm still not getting on wack ass Facebook
Are we seriously still arguing about Marriage Equality!?
Fuck.
I can't figure out why my canvas is tilted in edit mode.
Any ideas?
everything except water!
Then you also have those negative calorie foods!
it couldn't possibly be as good as your accounting of it.
It just couldn't.
I'm saying he want there with Shaq and se of those other players you named.
You mixed the 2008 and 2011 teams together
Ah yes!
Look on the bright side.
More work  More   more fun you can have.
Think of the fun things!
Thanks!
I'm bummed that I was here for SXSW, but didn't get to do any of the film festival or sessions :
Chuck liddell was one of the greatest.
I LOVE TO LOVE I HATE TO HATE, BUT SOMETIMES I JUST HAVE TO DO BOTH
I can get in and out of DCA quick even when I'm doctorving.
BWI isn't bad but I live in VA.
F Your Corner..
I'll Buy The Block.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
W
I don't want to go to school today.
Spending time with my lovely mother.3:
hahaha i love sending you pics!
Especially embarassing ones of angel ;
I can imagine!!!!
LOL
my sincere advice to people hiring web designers.
Please stop insisting on features that you don't have quality content to support.
Thanks for a great day at the races!
INDIANAPOLIS  Indiana Senate passed righttowork leg., they would be the Rust Belt's first to enact the contentious labor law.
Oh, we're making it!
We've got guys in a lab perfecting it even now.
It would be perfect for your Amphib ops
im so doctornk on love....
3 bumping
I LOVE your new song Pray,it is amazing,n its insipirational,btw i love ur british accent ; cant wait for ur next song:
Bought my first tickets of the year for this Saturday!
Baseball season's underway...
I'm thinking if Baylor played Cincinnati they could save on electric and play the game w/ the lights off.
In NYC waiting for Hurricane Irene...so far all she's done is manage to shut down all of manhattan and sprinkle a little bit.
but i'm a stay in school 
thinking about getting my first tattoo in june...
don't miss this!!
: See you icehouse tavern for my premiere 80plates 1 hour!!!
Yeah, the game is about fun  some fans enjoy it.
I've never allowed it bc it can only serve to anger opponents  their fans.
No game today at Coors!
We wait until tomorrow.
I'm on a train with people who look like they just stepped out of 1985.
I almost forgot that tomorrow is Bridgeport Movie Day.
Always fun!
iampaula ur so sweet hearted i love how amazing u are an ur just so inspirational :
If I leave now, I'd be hurt but not heartbroken.
And RT : Twitter is boring right now.
Nobody is up except the media.
LOL!
Omg :o I woke up so relieved that it was a doctoram though haha x
We are looking for people to interview!
Any suggestions of people with great entrepreneurial battle stories will be appreciated!
please do!
Now we're talkin music!
March is such a tease.
Started today with great news.
:
Happy St.
Patty's Day everyone!!!!
you're at U Florida?
what's it like?
just installed Rock Band on our iPhones!
I eat 5 meals a day, live in the middle of nowhere...
Wait.
I'm already a hobbit.
:p
Warmer weather prevails over the Philly area this weekend.
Get out and do something fun with the whole family!
I know!
I don't understand it.
It's like they're brainwashed or something.
Cincinnati is fired up and
nice!
I did a 13lb brisket last year in my smoker and it was crazy!
Laid low this weekend, lots of outdoor time, grilled a bit.
I remixed yo song
HELP,,,,,,,, What shall the URL name of my business page be??
Empowered, happy, grateful.
World, I'm ready.
Are you ready for me?
In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I'm offering one free mobile website to the first business that wants one!
I feel like taking 2 pieces of bread  making them chomp together  talk.
Then, I will put a smiley face on it!
mhm, brilliant.
Saints bounty program.
Crazy that millionaires were so motivated by thousands.
Like your employer paying you nickels to lie and cheat.
count yourself lucky if they're not throwing furniture out the upper windows.
Roma!
semi annual attempt to tell you I bought a sweatshirt in hopes of getting a follow
sit back sit back its the pregame show DADDY!
you know whats up
damn i took a crazy shit on my frst break i hope the smell go away by lunch
Without Buzz we don't get radio debut of  Give him the reins 1 day a week
Jem...The Misfits were just a little too obnoxious.
I'm mobile again!!!
Ahmy phone is an appendage to my bodylmfao ;D so yes, this is a bitter sweet Valentines Day3!!!
;P I luv u xoxoxoxo
Has been said before, but Nothing Tastes As Good As Skinny Feels ...
except maybe a doughnut, or a cookie, or ice cream, or pasta, or ...
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.Leo Tolstoy
I read the article and I am agree it is a interesting, but the comments are even more interesting.
Kyle O'Quinn!
On the eve of St Patrick's day!
Victoria Secret doesn't really have any cute swim suits this year..
I know the feeling.
My allergies have been causing me fits.
I hope you get well soon.
RE: Vedder's album.
Pls tell me why you're disappointed.
I was thinking of downloading it.
Water, a good book, and private jet so that I could fly off the deserted island ;
Okay, okay.
I'm downloading one of these new fangled apps for my phone.

Love your style!
i definitely enjoyed it!
See you soon
I bet her husband doesn't even want to be here xD
reminded me of the dairy at UMD College Park.
So I'm guessing that's my answer.
About 57 miles.
I am guessing either Braun or......Fielder.
I guess maybe a Grienke extension.
Bumpin Gin  Juice s/o to the great Cali fool!!!!!
Unfortunately I start way too late on dinner and will be totally late for our guest
AGREED.
they have a sour cherry stout that was fantasic
well then I trade for a phonex.
Your griffin and phonex, now I will order them from the back of the comic book
The fact you're not going to Randalls on Exposition is a travesty.
My man
The Weiner's Circle makes my years of waiting tables finally feel justified.
Thank you so much for the ff!

cause it is u loser!!
I Think I just got hired.
eq is trying to get at Sahara, trade with Arabia, Niger river, wealth and travel generated by gold, fighting over resources
i guess i just see it as a pointless holiday
Your twitter log is on time.
My wife is dealing with Thyroid issues.
We going to see a surgeon today.
Did you know?
I would if we talked handsome!
You think this just to keep as the 8th inning guy?
Liquor store open?
Im getting a doctorg test done for the first time...i ate a poppyseed bagel yesterday.
I hope they dont thing I use doctorgs!!!
I know!!
I love it!!
It gonna be on replay all day long!
I'm bout to stay home.
HAPPY BDAY doctor SUESS!
Think left  think right  think low  think high.
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
doctor Suess
I keep doing it like its ever gonna change....
If there's anyone who follows me that doesn't have a g invite yet DM me and I can invite you.
Dear NorthCarolina  I'm sorry you could not see past your own closed mind  Better luck next time.
Nice Christianlike love for all 
It's that time of the month...
That's right ..
It's the Saxet Gun Show!
Sat  Sun only at the .
i find it amusing how the 3 comments on my 'miley will be loved' video so far talk about miam splitting up and how they're sad.
xD
Tom Plantenberg is thanking Phil Vollrath for all the strong and effective public relations by Vollrath Associates, Inc.
New Zion Trio will be featured as the Humble Helping  Sunday Feb 5 from 910p on Nightshade  98.1FM  wkze.com and WKZE 98.1 FM.
FORWARD!!
Thanks for the many mentions Eva, nice to know you enjoyed the presentation.
Much appreciated!
I thank god for hotels like the North Hill Renaissance that have real hot water...not that yucky luke warm mess.
Way too baked in struggle hall
sure have
Im soo hungry!
:/
When I've been awalkin' down that road, And I cannot feel the wind between my toes Blowin' oh so soft...
It's Just Love 333
4 hours til I get to go to the burg!!
Time is going too slow!
Hey!
I know a group of kinky trannies who are also huge fans of the ATeam.
U SHOULD ALL BE FRIENDS  HAVE RERUN PARTIES!
pu
The reality is that social media is not the solution, it's how you think about it says
The most essential factor is persistence  the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement t
Do you just have a link for it?
Not showing up...
I'm becoming addicted to these protein chocolate milks..super inexpensive, 20 g of protein and they taste awesome.
RT : ah!
An actress's life!
Finally, found a young rooster.
The hens are being nasty to him, when he dances to impress, but when he crows, they whisper to each other.
My mom makes me so nervous when she texts and doctorves.
Ram 'em Rams  John Marshall HS
Missing out now on BOTH top guys, does KY even have a starting 5??
I hear that lol
happy friday everyone!
i'll be adding more photos to the shop today, i'll be keeping you posted throughout the day!
3
9 runs, 3 innings...lets get it.
hey!!
yes...love discovering paranormal anythinghave you gotten spammess.
from usdon't click, not sending linksK?
have fun Dan!
Look for Amanda Benzine she is volunteering at Womens Final Four.
Lately there have been hints doctorpped that I have not been producing enough baked goods.
You all are spoiled.
But the goods are coming soon.
Forprofessort libs: if you have access to LISTA on EBSCO there's a great article Copyright and Forprofessort Colleges you should look up.
Huguely guilty of 2nd degree murder.
What can we do
its hot
Just Because a celebrity dates someone does not give the fan the right to Go tell that person To die.
People these days.
Shees!
Guess i'm gonna eat my pizza lunchable now
: One hell of a hockey game.
this
If you count every single tattoo individually instead of it being like a package deal thing then I have 11 tattoos.

All Bad .
If Youu Look At My Cover Photos On Fbook ,  Youu Goo Thru Them , You'll See Hem .
Its the Black  White one .
Dodgers have the day off tomorrow, then open up at home against the pirates on Tuesday at 1:05 PM
HP unveils HP 3PAR program guaranteed to double performance in VMware environments  CTR
Which album?
Luv the  RT : The Bad Plus, 1979
FIRST FOOTBALL GAME SO EXCITED
Absolutely stunned hearing the news that Mariano Rivera tore his ACL.
Of all the great Yankees, no one was more dominant than he.
Gotta run for now.
Have a great Monday Twitterverse.
good morning !!
Have a great day!
delete my old account and start following me on this account.
alikrainey Thank you
RT : They're totally misunderstood...they're lil' sweethearts:!!!
/Sweethearts that give me the chills...and NOT in a good way!
How is Bobby Massie still available?
Did I miss something breaking on that?
: I hate it when I am singing a song and the artist gets the lyrics wrong.
I think it's chapstick....
I'm making it a goal this summer to have as much fun as I can!!!!
yup.
The one  only time the Spurs didnt show up to play vs the Lakers...I jinxed em!
lol was the last time we lost a game, too
Can I please just meet an intelligent type of gut, lol
pacers?
Hm
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesnt work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
I've always wanted to know what my dogs doctoram about
Hey guys, it's that time, MIP is happening now.
GO request your fav, song!
We all know what that is.....
What's a HOYA anyways???
I've been in Chicago for about an hour and 10 min on a rooftop deck looking at the city makes me wanna kick myself in the taint for moving
: : / It's your turn to 1up me and kylecartwrightsroommate 's turn???
Turn your radios onto to right now to hear one of our favourite sets from Splendour In The Grass by the
Damn people, stop hating on Lisa.
.
With that attitude,
Mutltitasking Hurts Performance, Makes You Feel Better
N e one wanna hmu!.
Jon Herington rocked today.
Check out his new album
Taking action is so much more satisfying than whining.
I knew this; we all know this.
Sometimes I forget for a while.
Good Morning!!!
Destiny is when you find something you were never looking for and then realize that you never wanted anything else.
Digital curation is the Wild West for archiving
Who will be the first to register ?
cc:
Feelin it in my chest
My sister:I like ur socks sky : my what Me: ur socks Sky:my cockslooks at me with a oops face 00 we all busted out laughing
it's fate.
There's no way y'all can leave each other.
Ever.
: Every body follow she funny asa, mf nd she gotta shit !!
Lmfao She a Lie She Do.
: the next Kathryn Tappen.haba I like the sound of that!!!!
Bears take S Carolina WR Alshon Jeffery
I'm watching what is watching.
Patient education!!
RT : T4: EDUCATION!
So everyone have same view.
Agree w/
It's me, Mario !
Top Rated Hotel in North ABQ.
Feat.
Free: Hot  Hearty Breakfast, WiFi, Access to , Shuttle to
They all think alike
My body just wants to shut down and go to sleep.
I hope that this fever goes away fast!
yeah guys!
You really had a great time :D 3
Reading through some of my old Livejournal entries and laughing at the awkwardness of it all.
I tell you these females are so thirsty for my man It's ridiculous.
you guys she is dying and we can't get her a TT you know how sad that is Pray4kenzieJ do it now please for her!
We hoopin tonight.
So, if you wanna lose your lunch money or you and your girl rent money come out.
I'm assuming UT isn't a close 2nd in both categories?
frontrow sports in Vegas We just happened to be there when they were opening their daily shipment the guy was shocked they got any
Authors: Doug Dillon, Jerry Teske, John Tippey,  Michael Scotto will be in the Exhibit hall this morning!
In other news, wine glasses are washed and kitchen is fairly put away...minus some presents!
I want to see Divergent as better than just a Hunger Games rip off, but I can't.
Congrats to the author on cashing in now though.
NOT a Jungle Insider.
Rome is good, but others are better and I wouldn't pay extra for them.
Good morning, Carina!
It's good to see you.
Hasn't  slept the whole way back.
Sominex works wonders  I pass out for 7 hours after taking 2.
Works better than Tylenol PM
GOD IS FACT, NOT EMOTION
Jalen called , luckily i was woke lol..
He called soon as i woke up
ima get a dog and name him luchiano
Happy Birthday, Mockingjay
Ever wonder what exactly it is that you use foam for?
Or what you use to make it custom?
Come on in and ask us!
This guy on the radio is arguing about how OJ didn't do it and even wrote about about it.
Alright how much did OJ pay you to say that one ?
I know!
TMI.
VEE, Please do me a favor and write a Twitlonger to my father about why I should go to the Phoenix show!!!
lmao im not even dat tall
Nope....not talking about the one's who are not already in church!
THEY shouldn't be taking BABY steps!
So its been 2 days without twitter, where have i been?
I got a fb 2 days ago..
yeah that's why i haven't been on here.
city slicking at its finest.
xoxoxo
RT : Right and wrong.
Don't need a Bible or a code of ethics to figure out some things.
We all have defining moments.
Seize them.
Change or Die  Post people can't change  Health  Life  Money  Love  If we don't grow  We r dieing slow
ask jesus!
I thought that loved fat chicks and middle eastern/north african deceased leaders
THEY KILLED A TEDDY BEAR!!
They're murderers!
That was the first person I have ever blocked from instagram.
But I will not deal with people trying to start shit on there.
thanks: we'll see you in a little bit!!!
It's funny how the person you love is sometimes not there for you.
But the one you Unexpected is there for you.
My new icon is credits to !
Great idea!
RT : Yep It's Two for Tuesday at Color Me Mine!
Paint with a friend for the price of one person!...
Oh you, my friend, are DEFINITELY a rock star!
Just got thru w/ my last bit of homework for the night smh....
feels like I been doin hw all day.!
play here in Toledo tonight at Frankies!
Whose ready to mosh?
WPS : Women's professorssional Soccer has suspended all operations permanently  ending the league.
This is a sad day in American Soccer
:O YOUR MATT IS STILL BETTER THAN ME MATT?!?!
:
So, I'm in Indianapolis.
Anyone live here?
LOVE the / operators....
oh  the chow does me right every time....MOST ELITE interior of a truck BY FAR
Dan Wilson says much, but says very little.
thank u!!!
Start with B, than 2 O's  finally K ;
No, but we were talking about the channels we use vs.
ones we don't.
Leaders encourage others to continue the quest and inspire others through courage and hope.
Leaders give heart by visibly recognizing...
oh dear.
I fear this weekend might be dangerous.
2 more wks of class then Finals.
The end is near, I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
Freedom is close, but still so far
Just left Canada..
happy I got to see my friends n family..
now I'm on my way back to the A..!
Definitely just trekked through an ankle deep puddle in my favorite flats.
Don't text and walk, people.
If you're always looking for the next thing to make you happy with your career, you'll never be happy with it.
The arsonist had oddly shaped feet.
Hey J!
Great to hear from you man.
U keep singing that Good News brotha!
Mother always makes me late!
we're honored and humbled by your follow.
Hope you r well!
I don't want to start studying, let's go to taco bell and get quesadillas and mountain dew for motivation!
Sorry to those forced to listen to my coldoctorspy voice this AM but we got through it.
Home  back to bed soon!
Happy Weekend.
where's Rufus in Tyler ....good bar
HCP's pay closer attention to passionate groups...
rarely to passionate individuals
that had to have been the funniest shit of the entire break.
I'm looking for a NEW AGENT !
I'm a comedian/actor/musician .
If your interested leave me a message !
Check out my page !
Bunkering down with my folks.
Puts things into perspective when you pack up your life into 5 bags  think, is that enough to live on?
Weird lightening in a clear sky.
So T.O.
goes on doctor Phil to try  change his public opinion but he's looking like a pathetic dead beat  is only making it worse...SMH
listening to Cradle of Filth 
Would you like to hear about an app that improves meetings, save time, and adds effectiveness?
I learned to hold my own And sing the skys the limit, take a hundoctord dollar bill and make a paper plane.
And try to make a name
: by 2014 more than 1/3 of US Internet users will have tablets,retailers need 2 focus on mobile shopping exp....
My mouth is burning from Points East Pub's famous hot wings!
50 cents each with blue cheese.
One of the best things about Milwaukee.
Yum!
Time waits on no man.
So why should I?
I'm just saying.
I don't have to wait.
Good Morning Miami!
TomorrowIsFriday Any awesome weekend plans??
Only in less public forums.
:
you serious??
That skank is preggo??
Damn, the world is messed up!!
My Prayer for 2012: Fair US Sentencing Reform, An End to the Inequities Would appreciate comments on this; thanks
hey I'm as big a fan of the packers as anyone but Thompsons doctorft first mentality is going to kill us
Love the blog btw.
One of my goto places.
Reason to get an iPhone: Instagram.
were starting to look scared out there...
I luv this mob life!
except for thesis work that is
I am in the process of making another bracelet with a pattern I made up :
Closing Arguments Expected In NYPD's Sean Bell Shooting Trial
okay it's silicone though
Sorry to hear that.
Sounds like she's a trooper though.
thank you!
Natural talent matters, of course, but not as much as practice and preparation...Jane McGonigal...
Starting next week, look out for deals and discounts for our social media friends and followers.
You can't say we don't love our customers!
Good night with my favorites :
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you had a great weekend.
Entire Store buy 1 get 1 half off and buy 2 get 1 free
When we get a dog and bring him home we are basically playing God in his life
OK with something dark?
Or prefer pilsner/lager/ale?
Also, do you want it to taste like beer or something a little different?
I haven't got it yet.
But if you guys need a place to hang you're more than welcome
There's a Simpsons episode they did about that, I believe.
BeezInTheTrap is on the radio haha ;
May take up smoking again, since I'm living a life of bad ideas.
How are you?
The pursuit of happiness and the pursuit of pleasure are really just the same thing.
RT : Sun is shining, the rain has retreat..
makes u move ur dancing feet..
bring ur ass
That was the worst scooby doo episode i've ever seen, period.
ARMORYweek!
Jimmy Shack is a contemporary artist working in Brooklyn, New York that will be featured!
hey HAITIAN:
If anyone has need of gunny sacks, let me know.
I strangely find myself overrun with them.
Wow!
That was fast!
Thank you very much.
I really appreciate it.
thanks!
Still officially waiting on the child!
Google makeover is much more than a pretty face
perhaps not the best day to start with CloudFoundoctor
My Family and are OeInAMilion that's why I love them!!
what big move will happen in summer?
The big move could start it now!!
I think we gotta find second star ppl want to play with
Everyone has talent.
What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.
Erica Jong
I hate following people's quoting accounts and all they do is make fake celeb account to help other desperate quoting accounts t
Hey!
my IM5 front row seat buddy!
How you doing!?
lol :D 3
MARGARET SPELLING.
Just overheard someone talking about Pat catans..
They need to get one down here!
I'm in the mood for some arts and crafts
The Steeler's D just let up an 80 yard TD doctorve and the Colts have one of the Hanson brothers at QB.
I was busy work nigga.
Lol
Hey Break the backboard!!
Can't wait to SeePGfly!!!
RT  These women are talking about Cam Newton playing for Jacksonville Jaguars.
This is why I only get my nails done f...
it also makes me sad that i can't retweet myself.
Gregor Middell describes the way differing TEI makes collation more difficult and how interedition solved the problem.
This day needa to go by faster!
Power outage is causing traffic backups in South Bay.
South Bay Expressway is flowing smoothly.
Pay w/ FasTrak, credit card or cash
I'm still at Benihana for their chairty event.
I'm trying, but there's no promises.
So excited about starting as an ASM on Monday.
Currently reading in preparation.
alright lets go eat then : lol
girl let me get home first haha
I just watched and basically it was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Thanks!
I'll tell Alaina you said she did a great job Sunday.
Hope it rocked!
Thanks for saying hi!
RT : Tasting at San diego magazine's best of north county party
Nice visit to Redfern Gallery in Laguna Beach yesterday  some lovely CA plein air paintings on view.
Highly recommend a field trip South!
I suppose girls only huh?
Haha
LOVE that mentioned LEGO programs.
That's libmade stuff, right?
Hanging out with feminist leaders is pretty damn inspiring.
and Emily from , so happy I got to hang out w/ you today.
I don't think my name was actually ever attached to any alerts while I was there.
Happy Easter!
Hope everyone enjoys time w/ their families or at least with great friends!
And food!
..xo.
If you good take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
i hope they come in todayy lol
You ruined that for me.
Lmao!
RT : Yu know girls tell yu they got that fat cat bahahha
: hi honey doing as best I can .
Going TO doctorp in to doctortoday or so I say now .
Up most of the night
lovin the show  love the time period  love the guests  but of course the best part is YOU, just you being you!!!
lol u were mad funny with Zack though
Lord, Im not sure where im going right now, Im not sure if im making the right choices but I know that with your help ill get through.
I know we're not your first source for news, but Ryan Braun Vindicated!
Suspension overturned!!
WTF why am I so bored!
AtL sucks
Beautiful Sunday morning.
Took the dogs for a walk and listened to my dude Dude gave me my first break in radio.
Much love.
I need to make another cup soon!
:
IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK 
: 95 of time you listen and try to make good, you will get a positive response
your staying in the same hotel!!???
: a pink flamingo just flew over my yard pic??
I just aggressivelywaved someone in a black explorer.
Needless to say, it wasn't you
Free anchovies at Los Angeles Marina today
Your coffee house doctorft is due tomorrow.
Impress me and get points for your family!
anyone wanting to chat?
im bored as hell.
thanks for the great write up about MCA
Hi Nick!
RT : ificiation works for most things!
Lets try Mimification!
See.
Told ya!
hi thx for following me, I follow you back.
Tell me a number and you know it I'll tell you which IB you look best with !:
:  Finally, someone gets us.
If people taking a car around multiple left hand turns is a sport, then yes, cheerleading is a sport.
I wonder how many times a candidate needs to topspin a fact before it morphs into a lie, and he starts believing it is the truth?
Playing with John Randall tonight at MBar!
Great band and John is fantastic.
8pm, Fountain and Vine.
My wife needs to get home already !
I love both places.
I like Chops in Atlanta and of course Gibson's in Chicago.
Unfortunately no current plans.
I DONT KNOW YOU BUT IM FEELING FRISKY THIS EVENING SO I THOUGHT ID SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, HOPE ITS FULL OF MAGIC:::::
Thanks, Nancy!
Bret
Day off but up at 6 am with crazy, creative ideas for weekend projects.
Is this caffeine or creativity?
Can't tell but mind is buzzing!
Evanovich, Finger Lickin Fifteen; Sizzling Sixteen.
Bounty hunter Stephanie Plum motors on, but I'm done with these for a good long time.
Oh I know, something like 300 of them.
That's why they're so damn collectible!
And crazy expensive
in general  good stuff
My brother's dog once humped my cat...the result is further proof that Catdog is fiction.
Dont believe the lies coming out of Nickelodeon
Happy Birthday bro!
Stay True!
sXe till we die!
Shavua tov Twitterworld.
What a gorgeous Saturday in Atlanta, and a very delicous Shabbos too.
Listen in to the Morning Edge tomorrow at 8am to hear Joey and Stevo talk up Rock This Restaraunt and the new season!!
104.1FM in the ABQ!
The have a great deal of outreach to do with the local community for us to support them like we do the
Pom and citrus...friend has done mandarin orange.
So my purchase of S2 won't bring it back from cancellation?
But that's all I want for Christmas..
You messed up , oh well
so jealous!!;
Ah, try to hurry.
FF amazing people!
any medical supplies store or your local CVS pharmacy
How about a new Cash Game report?
Go Orioles  looking good so far
that's an excellent metaphor ya got goin on there...yoink
FREAKING OUT...
Hm wonder if my pools warm.
Would anyone care to swim
Take a look at what u have.
Think of all u did to get it.
Remember it only takes one second to lose.
What would you, , do for a Klondike bar?
Mines is better cus i'm talking to you bby ; but yeah so far i'm good lol :
We're getting ready for our relaunch  Stay tuned!
Mexico??
wtf they gone do there hmm we gonee see
She trying to play me but she doesn't know I got nothing but time
what the hell are you playing?
Oh yeah??
I am the
and is really snarky, and goes undercover, has to doctorss in normal clothes and suddenly everyone thinks she's hot
I know u see all the girls with the blue lipstick on...
Come meet the beautiful lady who brought it to u of KAOIR cosmetics.
HAHA can't believe that was 10 Years ago!
Who was SheRa today?
Yep, that's me, sawing branches down by hand!
A: Bases are dark, generators are loud, doors don't lock on bases.
Not a good situation
/ Neither.
I prefer Seesmic, as it lets me update other networks via same app.
BTW the Twitter iPad app lets you switch...
I just remembered, I have homework.
fml.
Aside from Pandora's stellar performance as a net radio service, the antiObama ads suck ass.
I don't care abt your politics.
GIVE ME MUSIC!
tomorrows gonna be sad..
Thank you for following, I will check out your site!
Thank you so much!
is beyond fantastic.
my ex girlfriend had this thing that rolled open...
Nrps and donna jean.
is back for another FinalTransmission at Featuring audience guest star Eliza Stoughton.
Tell your husband, to name your 3rd child after me, regardless of sex!
Why do some of your best ideas come while you're on the toilet?
on my way!
Woo back to a doctorpping shower and Harry potter appliances/fishies!
Aw Mos Def!
I'll be damned to be paying that much money.
lol
Thanks for following back.
Love your music 333
Who's Hungry?
Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :
Haha!RT you know me too well!
My other got burned along with some Giants flag
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE REAL MOTHERS!!!!
Be blessed 
What is the one behavior or trait that you have seen derail more leaders careers?
Yup!
For real : Can you make it tonight?
Trying to keep up with U!
I'm sorry, there are NO rules with wine.
doctornk what you like with what you like!
...a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri as a result.
Likewise!
Great to catch up again.
come to my blog to learn tips and tricks on how to update your car's interior!
www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com
because yolo.
:D
spelling errors
Oh my Shins and RHCP!
I've definitely seen at least three B A L L S
how long does an order usually take after you get the started manufacturing email?
i have natural beauty......
cant buy that..not bragging just saying :/
good question seth lolz
depends on the situation.
Some things can b handled behind close doors then presented publicly
Jordan's down call me.
Nice job CC....let's get this offense goin boys!!!!!!
One of my favorite fucks is coming back to town next week from college for summer break.
You rock.
Thanks for the RT.
Buster app?
We ask employees to track all volunteer hours, done on personal time and done on company time.
To Kinect or not to Kinect?
I want to dance though...
How do you think others experience you?
I hope you find what you're looking for.
The pool is rockin'!
We are going in to the night with our Full Moon Night Time Swim Party featuring DJ Sydney Blu!
Get ready to party Sc...
good ace
omg I know!
U should make him a little Edward or Jacob lol!
TW5OnBILLBOARD I'm so happy for you guys!!
You really deserve it!
Can you follow me?
YEAH I think me and Famig will come after our RADAR at The Strand!
you haven't heard?
bananas before the summer solstice can make you dead quick!
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
This weekend is my time to find a new place to live.
I'm looking for an affordable room in ColHi / Mt P.
Any last minute suggestions?
Completely spaced the most obvious angle of the day...
The guy should never be allowed to own tires again!
Never too late.
Wow this flight is a trip..hope I make it home.
made it home safe, mami  thank you to you and h for the ride!
amazing time.
so happy to have spent it with you
Now that the Badgers won, it's back to bed for this sick puppy.
Getting sick this week is cruel and unusual punishment.
give me a couple hours
first email I've ever gotten from my nephew, in its entirety: Jasper ran away .
Eric found him.
And I have the allergies.
love him!
So thankful right now that knows where terminal two is!
Evans will not support the motion.
He thinks they should talk about it more first.
the amount of powderin your privates tweets on my tl today is alarmin.....
funny but alarmin
Is CLOSED due to inclement weather.
Contact 7193256234 if you have any questions
You sound amazing right now!
I love you!!
: 3
FSEDM  Save this search for EDM of all styles!!!
Tomorrow is the last day for photo submissions!
If you or someone you know needs a serious spice cabinet face lift, enter now:...
Going to bed after a long long day.

this is the point when my body starts to feel numb
I thought I was!!
XOXO
laughing at your own singing  hahaaa.
I'm kinda extremely jealous of Alyssa
I'm chillin..
Still in jersey
harry potter was awsume!!!
now ive seen and read all the books!
my life is complete!
:DD 33
Patriots all RT :
I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one!
It's been on my mind the past few days, while looking at people's work.
Today, my gift back to my Creator is Smiling al day long....
And she can go fuck herself.
end of 5
It was really fun!
I love my grandparents!
There's seriously not a time when I don't laugh when I'm around them!
:
I have to stay focus...
It's still a lot to lose and even more to achieve.
lets go.
Timeless advice: Don't whiz on the electric fence.
Living in an information bubble  manipulated or misrepresented is limiting and downright dangerous!
s/o to for being my 300th follower o:
LOL!...
that's what they all say about the current one...
LOL!
Clothes and kicks or homes and whips.
Think big.
Grind humbly.
yeah!
Haha!
:D I'm gonna get off here.
Text me.
Jesus already healed all of us from everything, I will pray for ur nana that she RECEIVES that healing :
Harper's first MLB HR gets a curtain call.
you get the trot time?
Seemed fast.
thank u family see you later
Early bird get the worm.
I'm up way before ya
How cool is the NYFW coverage by with , and sharing their thoughts.
Loves!
that's the best trending topic i've seen in a long time hahaha i love this fandom
Well deserved!
IUFB : IU linebacker Jeff Thomas has an invite the Buffalo Bills' rookie minicamp beginning May 11.
lol!!
: hello!!
Hurry up and be May already!
:p
At the Seminar on Innovative Teaching featuring and Watch the live stream here: bit.ly/pD2XIG
Boo.
Only 13 for sports tonight.
Chicago fail x2.
Brewers win.
Aw, thanks for the vote of confidence We'll see what happens!
I'm graduating high school in a few days.
Thought I would be happy, but it seriously sucks.
In to the real world now...
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them to the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
Oh!
Congratulations!
What2ChainzWouldSay she feed me pussy, called it free lunch red diamonds on the chainz look like hawaiian punch
did you get it?
Lots of gas stations, lowed, etc
thank you for the words of wisdom mister shelton RT : : Well shit in 1 hand and wish in the other.
mine just started working again
memphis killin the clippers right now..
yes, it gives you a distraction from a tough conversation.
As they said, points in the paint make the diffrence with the Nuggets.
They need to run with that the next game or its over.
Players are back from break, blinds are now 400/800 with a 100 ante
ok, need your three craziest Fantasy Football team name suggestions.
clean please.
for real dude I bought a taser to keep his ass in check
I don't know what day it is...ohh spring break
Now watch me change up on yall hoes !
Free services only with permission to use photos in our portfolio.
cool..
Wld love to hook up when your free up.
I actually work down in Whitfield hall :
Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine.
Whoopi Goldberg
Getting ready this week to go to Nashville!!!
Can't wait for Friday!!
Ah!!!!
Morning tweeps, everyone enjoy the day weather is pretty decent today
I added google talk to my phone so we can gchat during the day
GAME TIME!
Let's go dawgs!
The pleasure is all on this side of the table.
There ya go!
Just need 2 more like that!
rockies v
I 3 NEXT2U i think it might be so good if u record look at me now with JB Bcause live performance was fantastic
One week here  but I think I have three weeks worth of grading to complete in that time!
idk I'm just not a good dancer.
I have like no rhythm at all!
no I had no problem getting in.
I dont think they really care.
what's your mail thing I want to send fan mail to you33
My new favorite twitterer The real scoop on squaw  not to be missed.
Ski season is now on baby!
Ha!
When eyes have given out from writing, reading, I enjoy light internet searching for animal/other stuff of interest to me
DailyRebellion: Say something encouraging/supportive/inspiring to another woman, even if it's by email.
Wiley uses test performance, time spent  content covered to give student's reports as a way to tell them what to focus on
would you do the same with me ?
Even though you Should
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at CMP!
Dentist showing up late for my root canal then telling me he's also a proctologist and didn't have time to wash his hands
NO!
You put it in front of me  I'll eat the entire box/container.
No self control whatsoever.
it's beautiful : well, it's the second most beautiful thing I've seen.
;
One week untıl WakoGB!
My return to 75kg ıs on track, 1 kg togo!
Tıme to tear a hole the sıze of a south paw ın Uk martıal arts scene!
I'm sure but I just can't see myself with my legs all cocked in the air...
Lol
Entrepreneur  comedian  travel expert dog lover
Totally doctorpped your name and got a free muffin out of the deal.
Which Fresh Prince of Bel Air chick was hotter: Older Ashley or anytime Hilary?
playing.....
now
You gotta try Monster Rehab if you haven't yet, it is great!!
That looks great!
Girl: ...on the stage.
Charles Robert Darwin If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature but by our institutions great is our sin.
wondering if a AAS in CIS/Programming would do me any good or should i just get a bachelor's instead
watching behind the music
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham  swiss on rye with dijonaisse and a cup of soup.....6.95 Chili is 50 cents extra
it is time for change and unification lets change the world!
follow us if you think its time to manifest a world of harmony!
I didn't feel well this morning
i'm freezing lol
Off to San Francisco for the weekend
Thanks for the tweet  great minds think alike, I'm in the middle writing you an email right now!
:
not at all scary,...
Very open and honest:
I love the set design for LisaMarieOnIdol I'm not a fan of the song, but it's cool for what it is.
Kim Jong II is dead finally one less ignorant dictator is dead.
Hope the North Korean can be happy a free.
I cant wait until you hate me...
Hi!
We'll resume rehearsals on July 21!
Pls come!
DM us w/ ur email addy if u want directions!
Well shit...
Olbermann fired and I didn't win the fing money.
Bad shit happens in 3's he says looking back.
Yes.
TOK Show.
If u ever want to go, let me know.
:
OMG I LOVE IT!!!!
3 best birthday present ever :D k see ya tomorrow :
With and Anthony :
Congrats on making the dance team Addy!
Pythagoreanism, the religious sect that followed Pythagoras.
Both is definitely my preferred solution.
Thanks Big Sis!
Hi Karen, nice to meet you!
Actually, I do have some data  a couple of general observations from a series of FB ads we recently ran.
WTF....I don't care if you want to blast friggin Sammy Haggar but for fucks sake, NEVER, EVER mess with my food/meal.
U R a big lair
Your beautiful...
Yeah.
we're not supposed to wear ripped jean but we still wear them.
But we just need to be careful lmao
Have you tried our Fasolakia yet?
Green beans simmered in a tomato, onion and herb sauce...awesome.
Moves like Jagger awesome song :
Fan Favorite Award goes to Daniel Orton.
Occupy Wall Street: flash in the pan or beginning of a movement?
the BRADLEY university vice president kicked us off the quad moments ago.
The pursuit of knowledge was denied today.
Well shoot ...
you will definitely know once your on the team :
Fans, find Wooly right now in the arena, and say the word 'lasso'.
Win a COOL prize.
Good luck!
Hoping you reconsider veto.
You're the 1st politician I've respected in years, until today.
Have any gay friends or family?
Hey !
You excited about tomorrows Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
As a Pastor, I fight for the right to practice one's faith without government interference.
Awesome!
Spread the word!
RT : Thanks for turning me on to for scheduling.
I'm not doodling anymore
for sure..
ill shoot you a check
ready and willing.
Gray today here in SF but I have a May date set for UPick strawberries  woo hoo :
RT : When you're on social media ...
It's SOCIAL media, not DICTATOR media.
Mark Estée, owner of
Thanks again for all the support in Denver!
It must be frustrating!
It was a first for me.
Thanks for the 1on1 training offer, but I can wait until the Feb webinar ;
Charlie B
It's refreshing to be reminded constantly by a multitude of ppl  seperate times that ur a great individual
I am officially a candidate for District 46 of the KY State House!!
How's the weather over there?
A Real Man Knows When He's Been Beat !!!
Strong finish with the great books indie book buzz.
History of Lego.
Me want.
shake it out shake it out
she's a soldier
Happy Tuesday night all!!
www.kissandim.com
re: Juxtapost.
I'm not sure I'll be writing that dissertation after all.
I lost my edge, I didn't put as much into it.
didn't run as far.
didn't train as hard.
didn't eat correctly.
started doctornking Ken Norton
PLEASE FOLLOW::
HOLY SHIT RT Cowboy Beth Orton; Brian Special Delivery Jonestown Massacre; My Bloody Greg The Hammer Valentine
Beyondthescoreboard.net the had everything going their way tonight except the two blackout
Testing software central titles with Vista 64!
Known compatible titles in the Vista list now also display Vista as a supp
lol dont judge me .
:p .
yes very long time, nm i'm  work right now :  hbu?
I will...
Keep in mind, though, it may be 3 to 4 days until arrival...
Please keep ephemerazilla in check :
NUMBER GAME!
tweet or DM :D
Good movie
RT : US DoE jumps on the cleanweb bandwagon  calling all app developers!
Energy is the next big thing:...
Butts kicked
Congrats to : Great win over Waco Midway 52.
Katie, Sara and Megan G combine for the goals.
Wonderful defensive display!
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Have a safe and happy New Year everyone!
right now
So Dat Mean I Should Slap Yu?
Right?!
Brighteyed and ready to kick off first DLF advisory committee meeting with T.Sierra, D.
Rumsey and S.
RhindTutt.
Oh God, he's counting the minutes...
: RT 6,202 minutes....
ChUrCh!!
MisSed mAdONNa, being lazy with my sis in law b4 i head back h0Me..!
Another pick
Yay!
Another lovely review on yelp!
It's nice to be number two after the fabulous cake girls!
Big shout out to all the new followers and all the people helping us promote ourselves!!
We really appreciate all the support!!
Adam
Rough Jog
aww, keep trying.
you'll find one eventually.
Fuck you twitter....my trendingtopics button has been broken for days...ruhtardz
ndpl biggest question seems to be a question of scale  agreed.
Scale locally, crowd source openly.
its gonna be sick!
textingdisaster  Put down your phone.
Don't txt and doctorve.
Your life/health is more important then a phone/txt msg.
The reward for coming to our 7:30 class this morning was our final exam that we get to take home and do.
A for sure!
New York in Dec is so wonderful!
RT : RT : Have a YouTube Channel!
Have Subscribe Buttons!
Give a Reason to Subscribe!
says Paul
The same to you : RT : HappyMothersDay : 
so what similarities and differences between tummeling and networkweaving?
Finally getting to see the latest Muppets movie...ten minutes in and the verdict: I love it already!!!!
Haha
Thirsty Thursday is upon us.
RT this if you want a doctornk.
I'm going to be considered an adult tomorrow, but I'm going to be a kid at heart forever
thanks hay hay!
You truly know my favorite genre of Gorilla music.
I thought you died man
in the gym chillen with U aren't even with
I feel like everything like going wrong
Really Braves fans?
really?
you really get paid to tweet?
Wish I had a reversal checker I'd spell beautiful not beuatiful and not catch it
Preparing for the wedding show for Sunday  in Watertown!
It's going to be great  our first ever  and hoping for lots of bookings!
They really need to fix the tumblr gear app.
Keeps crashing :
Sarkozy's supporters are a little rowdy during his concession speech
no i have it
Well im watching karate kid :
I need 5 people to follow they new to twitter but they are the pr for
haha or every weekend where work doesn't take over my life!
You gotta have sucky ones to appreciate the good ones :
Can't wait to see pictures from the walk!
judo class :
Anytime!
Glad you had fun!
RT on Xmas was amazing!
Big thanks to for the guest list connection!
RealFriendsDont give up on you, ever.
omg, from where?
mission of burma a bit?
maybe it's a boston thing?
Can't wait for this Tuesday's BTTR!Every week is so much fun!Come sling some sammies w/ us.
NE 127 st  US1.Say hi to too :
We feel your pain!
3
Question 2 ask yourself 2day: how are u going 2 get out of ur comfort zone  take risks?
Don't be scared  don't be shy
You mean after the hoarding incident?
I'm not mad at you..
I'm mad at the dirt!
The 5 game winning streak is in flux The last 5 times ive been at the ballpark, the rangers win.
Odd feeling since royals worst team.
Slowly working through my Things to Listen to list on Spotify.
Now listening to Fierce Creatures.
Not sure where I hear about them.
hahahaha.wait calculating, carry the 1 That's correct!
That kid was really just walking with the principal with a cigarette behind his ear..
Nothing can stop the man w/ the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing ...
can help the man w/ the wrong mental attitude.
looking at ghost story or just crazy angle?
also some thoughts on social class
Tournament of Kings: not very deep, but a fun show to watch.
!!
CAN ''U '' SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING !!!!
GOD BLESS U DWAYNE
InMiddleSchool We didn't have buildings....and that was good I HATE STAIRS
yes, if you lived in Settlers' Landing or Matthews Plantation?
There is another PS in town!
I did my good deed for today I gave handicapped/disabled people some food.
How about you?
It's all about  the more play off games the more money they make

estela, this time he blogged noxious, unwholesome, mischievous, and destructive
Getting my nails done..
Ugh
I've had a lifetime's worth of 'small world' and 'freaky timing' coincidences today.
SF and Baltimore blew it....How about fundamentals PRO'S..It is the play offs..Oh well
haha gimme a call tmister night so we can talk
Looking for some awesome Brand Ambassadors in the Detroit and Dallas area for February events.
Email for details.
ill always support u love u 1fan ,text me sometime 5038476149
: One day, you'll be just a memory for some people.
Do your best to be a good one.
ikr it sucks :P but hey road trips are fun lol
OMG.
Plot Twist!
Just finished our WCW morning meeting.
Now for some hard work.
I don't think so brother
Wicked Wednesday's  1 Up Lounge.
Happy hour doctornk specials:3 Well doctornks, 4 doctorfts  5 Absolute cocktails.
DJ Mike T.
DJ Hump.
Today is National Compliment Day!
We'd like to compliment ALL our Sponsors for their dedication and support to help local kids!
This should be interesting.
I have noticed a few new changes in the last couple of days on my professorle.
Ms3.5 is unimpressed by the fashion statement that is exposed seams.

Alston is a beast, needs to be the main tailback wvu
this house is a fucking mess
Gaga Was Born This Day 3 Happy Birthday Gaga.
haha shut up
iubb looking for and edge anyway they can get it.
Rock 'N Roll Fundoctoriser Snug Harbor 5:30 Deke Dickersonguitarist Fitz Green perform live.
Silent art auction.
Yay!
My hair actually likes me today.
It was almost so amazing....
That is one classy guy!
Most dudes would've still smashed that skeezer!
Struggling with chapter 3 of this permit book.
I bought blue, just to be different
Happy Holidays to all of you!
I hope Santa brings us a tour bus...3
good point!
Well then, I'm about to have me a whole lot more fun, dang it!
;
When TMac scored 13 points in 35 seconds  I really dont have words for it still to this day
No, but the rest of the crew will be there.
did u get the dj class joint off the blog?
u fuckin w/ those stems??
Your 1 ranking of Doomtree last year ignited the resuscitation of my enjoyment of hip hop .
Thank you.
love dont live here no more .....
I had a terrible doctoram last night that the Red Wings traded for Scott Gomez...
I really need the season to start.
I see Chiller working out  my gym in SD a few times per week
Looking forward to the collaboration!
Nate you have a great since of style.
The line will be hott!
HuffPo is about to link to Engine28.com.
And Doug McLennan, chief architect of e28, just mentioned HuffPo in his TCG2011 talk.
I think the place is restricted so I won't tell them anything...ok fine.
sorry.
We were hacked :/
businesswise.....Philly's ok!
oh great!
That must be because you are a patent lawyer, too!
Excellent!
I name you chairperson.
the definition of a douche bag
I'd leave Chris Davis in to try and get the win.
Rehab by Rhianna, singing my heart out atm :
no worries, thanks for trying
I'm good and u?
I'll check out the Ep in a few.
What r u going to do now?
Bad news man.
Bad news.
Dan is busy worrying about buying a house...I am still tired from gettin ...
For the going for my dad al eropuerto yeaha
Unintentional comedy is always the funniest.
what am i doin sitting here wishing my date tonight was instead of this jerk i gotta deal with,good thing he dnt have twitter
well if you see her let her know cuz I dont know how to get ahold of her lol
oh ok lol
WOW sir, you have a busy film fest filled summer!
I hope to make it to at least one to support you.
same here wat ya up to
u excel in helen keller jokes far beyond any human...
Thank you so much!!!
I owe you big time.
Great job.
Tell your fans that coupon code BLIPPEE gets 5.00 off of the graphic novel.
Best, Gary
Good Morning
let me know on a date DM me
Breaking: POTUS is using the royal We...
THAT IM PLUNGED INTO FOREVER you close your heart.??
4 life
Hello there!
:
It's a new day, a new beginning
champs and bjs fur sure
I need to go to sleep but I wanna see Kimbrel finish this game.
myfuturehusband cutie Braves 
HA!
That's too funny.
I love his shoe line.
Have you ever seen it in Boston Store?
Wake me up when stanleycup finals begins.
Jamestown for the day with
Rain or shine I'm always there!
VamosUnited OlsensArmy RT : Game day!
Who's coming tonight?
Don't forget the 8 Weeks to a Better You program meets at the gym this week...
Not the doctors office.
See you then.
This week strength
Young James.
Loving the new gmail look!
one of the stars channels!
same here ;
I'm playing the role of KyleBoller today during our FridayConversation.
Does that mean I get to spend tonight with ?
Following back
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but do not let that fool you.
He really is an idiot.
Groucho Marx
I think he always looks like he doesn't want to be on a Hulu panel
there's a joke that goes along with that.
To my Lord and savior Jesus Christ: Thank u for waking me up, for starting me on my way  letting me see the sunshine of a brand new day!
That bh is hit lol

Class Act
Kutz says plans to give students resources to be part of change on campus
Lol crap..
That was a good come back..
I know!
I wish there was a quick cure!
Welcome, writing mom.
LowbornScumbag4Lyfe old ways never die, i was beginnin 2 change 4 a while but u knw wht it's not my favorite color black  blue forever
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Kansas City!
Hide in my music, forget the day.
Wooden or folding, padded or not, just someplace to sit our butt.
We need your chairs!
Donate today, we have volunteers in the space today!
Americas Food show Miami Beach: Brazilian Food  Bev Business  media Roundtable w/ food tastings on 10/25 for details
I was about to tweet about NYS politics.
But if it isn't about MarioWilliams no one will care, so why bother?
Bring it.
MT : Hi is telling people to connect with you from our cjsm online course.
That's good advice
Good morning!
No but its professorssional to make them feel as though they are.
We as barbers accommodate our clients.
yea dude he's on his way.
What helps people, helps business.
Leo Burnett
holy crap i just bought 3000 coppies...
im in trouble.
hah!
jk
Crying is a form of healing.
ha ha ha
You either like Kevin Smith or you don't.
And God forbid you tell a Kevin Smith fan you don't.
Takeing a good man/woman for granted is like overlooking and passing up precious dimonds for rocks and stones
EVERYONE DO THIS RIGHT NOW LIKE SERIOUSLY go follow amazing!
Conan the Barbarian is awkward.
This lady freaks me out.
Best part about it is even one mile counts when you run every day!
thanks for the follow!
So right.
why not shout him down the way he does her.
Instead she sets there like a set decoration.
going to the doctor i think i might have chicken pox :/
you look like such a sweet heart and you got some amazing eyes!!!!!!
about time you speak relevant RT : clippers are gonna be outta yere right quick.
My list of summer goals is so strange
I love that moment when literally all of your friends are busy :/
so are we  thanks for the FF!
Gearing up to film this weekend.
It's gonna be a lot of fun
A quiet relaxing weekend...so looking forward to a productive week, I hope y'all do the same!
As an owner of the , I do not want on my team.
at all.
he'safullbacknotaquarterback
Wow, now that was a game!
pawn stars
leaving tomorrow : gosh i hate chicago.
i wanna move back to indiana bro!
Thanks for the shout out!
What film are you guys inquiring about?
I hope you win these finals with your stomach ace!
I hate Reckless!!!
Most people from buffalo are happy that msg is back to watch the sabres.
Idgaf about them.
I'm happy to watch the linsanity continue
Too young to be serious Im just not ready for love
I'm legit crying
Just heard that Toby Keith's I Love This Bar  Grill will be opening on the East bank of the Flatts!!!!
BIG YAY for Cleveland!!!
Woohoo!
If You Don't Get A Text Back From Me Don't Get Offended..
Welcome new followers and !
i want one :
Because there's an amazing new song flying around that you have to captainre and that's exciting!
Done......for today anyway.
Oh my goshh, Breaking Dawn is the best movie I have ever seen !
It made me cry I can't wait till part 2 comes out!
I loved it ; 3
Touch means go,,,,.
Push means no.
Lmao
Saw that i got anew text message..opened it and it was just spam.
thought someone actually cared enough to text me.
i was wrong..
:
That is the great internet myth though isn't it.
Being great at your hobby leads to guaranteed success.
You were always an enigma to me, Grandpa, but now that you are gone I miss you.
Requiescat in pace.
Love is so blind
Thank you for the follow.
It is my hope that I inspire you to participate in the doctoram Farm effort to match orphans to parents.
A lot of people don't put in enough effort.
They expect too many things, but aren't willing to give.
Lol watching NBA fails.
These are hilarious.
RT : Ever wonder why your boards on Pinterest have more followers than your account?
So did ...
RT : So many critiques of slacktivism are just a thin wrapper for cynicism.
Doubt can be healthy.
It can also be lazy.
I know how u feel I wish they would follow me to that would make my whole year.
:
for Prez  we need someone to
I like that one.
Now if I just had time to read a book.
Thanks for the follow.
Gotta love Sandy.
doctorving up the 5 near Harris Ranch and a guy came speeding past w oregon plates.
He's
I miss youu more.

are the reason why my friends are unfollowing me : lol nbd.
chu should text me
Bears.
Any chance they get WR Jackson from Chargers?
Headed to the Content Marketing World Conference in Cleveland Today.
Hope to bring back some good info to share with everyone.
lets finish this one out.
Could be a HUGE win
Austin lives in Texas.
RT if you wish you lived in Texas!
:
Can't wait to move out and ditch my roommate ...
at 1045 for our showcase!
Winner announced at 1130!
2 for 1 Hash Caps today at The Clinic!
Just wrapped an interview with Sophie B Hawkins!
Damn, I wish I was her lover!
GUDNIGHT CHICK IMA BE UP WITCHA FROM NOW ON
RT they are the Classiest as well!!!
You did pretty good this year wearing Swanny's jersey
we are waiting patiently :
awe thanks hun 
so many fwiends i need to see
Strike The Shepherd  The Sheep Will Scatter: A Real Boss Power Move!
what happened did she leave or not turn up?
Forecast for Today: Partly sunny this morning.
Then becoming mostly cloudy.
A slight chance of showers this...
which is exactly why we failed to be heroes on 9/11.
WINKY MEANS KINKY LOGAN ;
soo is she going to remember that she meet damon first and love him?!
or is she going to stay with stephan?!
omg this is crazy!!
Riddick block ends up in 15th row with a nasty yell and a stare down.
Oosthuizen goes one clear Louis Oosthuizen leads the Maybank Malaysian Open by a shot after rain once again meant the event remains behin
Great baserunning by Vandy:back on a line doctorve!!
thanks for the update.
Those scum deserve to be punished!
dumb dumb dumb
Thanks fa da BDay tweet Angie.
Much appreciated babe.
text me
yeah she is....btw u seen the breaking dawn trailer?
check out MelissaLDT
i hate how karen alway makes fun of my laugh xc i cant help it 
I WANT FEEDBACK FEEL ME !!
weblog.
Do YouBlog?
Because iBlog.
We are obsessed with pronouns.
Girlls needa stop swearin theey bad ; hatee beinq called a bitch !
But as soon as a niqqa put Bad in frontt she all smiles
I think Obama's willingness to use a Birther as a lit agent is another reminder of his willingness to reach across the aisle.
Thanks for the K !
jewels, pets live, and grid doctorid
Wicked elixir sure is a good fixer.
Don't elaborate allow me to investigate.Starting sick fires as my heart desires.
Derse out.
You piqued my interest, girl.
Bet I know them...
I ran the half marathon with a kidney stone.
WTH?
My cousin's gf joins GMMB/FH family.
London can host Xmas party!
RT can't believe u  both work for FH!
You know what ..I'm not sure.
I need to ask and then I'll get back to you...UGHH but it's so far away from now
Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep inside your head.
Thanks for getting he word out!
Why, oh why, do I get sucked into these TV shows?
I knew Bachelorette was going to annoy me AGAIN!
And, why is Entourage so lame so far?
: Lopsided emostyle haircuts can cause amblyopia warns optometrist Welp there goes my next hurrcutt!
FMP
HAPPY NEW YEAR Everyone!
We never did the poster!
Michelle Bachmann spends this day in New Hampshire.
How's she doing there?
New poll at 11 on
Awesome!
My dad's side is Mexican.
Where does your family originate from?
Why do really square white people in their thirties think that using the word peeps make them cool?
Spiritual day.
There can't possibly be a way the man who is living a blessed life lose to a man who prays for a blessing every play.
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes.
Tune in!
CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...thanks
Loaded question!
I support changes in meaningful EdTech integration
All the lame hoes be quiet...2nd2none
So Western KY wins Sunbelt Conf with losing record and MTSU is out after a great season.
Bad for Sunbelt.
well that's good.
I dnt even have a cell:
Waiting for dinner to be done, Then stuffing my face.
LOL...
I guess the ONLY way you can win anything is to defeat someone in the other party's primary.
How sad...
Great Win!
And nice play at third turner!
House Music all night long at Black Lantern Audio Den in Huntington, NY!
Come out and support!
Getting ready for my set at 11:15PM!!!!
love this and your little boy expression in the pic!
yes, I need another person to catch all the connections you're making!
I know he will bring it up I believe in him.
He'll do it for us.
He loves us.
yeah I'm seeing them!
U already know bro
Caregivers, thank you for caring for your Senior Loved One.
We appreciate you.
Here's a big hug of support!
LOL That's funny!
It's snowing in April and I have a game today
: wish I was up there, it's boring it's always boring in the boro
I will take another love scene!
Martin Tupper A good book is the best of friends the same today and forever.
Funny, charming, witty, nice Gares they are...
I sounded like Yoda...
Will Aggie Tannehill go to Miami?
Had dinner with some old high school friends.
Can't believe how long ago we graduated.
I feel OLD haha
SHHYEAHHH!
RT nice I'm wearing my ring ceremony shirt for the 2009 championship from game 1 of the 20092010 season
RT If u believe the BEST is yet to come, RT!!
Tom Walek contributed to AIMA's updated membersonly Guide to Media Relations, which revises the original document he helped write in 2006.
You still coming?
love this idea  thank you!
Tomorrow night on MPR and Sunday at 9 on
Well I live in New York City now
lol I'm not a sports girl, like I know nothing about sports xD
im on
So so so proud of my little sister..
Success run in the fam!
Love u!
Thanks so so much for an amazing night, last night, Rickshawgoers!
Are you as in love with as I am?
Is so I can follow .
That is all.
that argument would have been awesome on HBO
with the 1st pick in the 2011 rapture, God selects Randy The Macho Man Savage.
Ooooohhhh Yeah!!!
Got my Hopscotch print today...even more awesome in person!
Thanks for sending it out so quick.
Can't wait to frame it.
Apparently had a bday party and forgot to invite us
Happy Monday!
We're soaking up the sun all week on the !
He means 8 lane.
Cant wait for this weekend , going to ceder point  then the lakee .
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Einstein
I'm wishing twitter wasn't so inconvenient to me!
that's awesome.
My dad gets it so I just sponge off of him :
I'm sixteen  I admit: I miss my Mommah.
'3
is that okay for u??
No my love, I could never mad with you!!!
I love you too my dear..
if by interior designing skills you mean ability to stock the fridge, then yes I agree
Where the ladies tonight
CelebrityApprentice Good riddance to !
Emotional, delusional and racist to boot.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Oscar Wilde
: If I went out on dates with chicks as much as I watch repeat showings of BLOODSPORT on tv, I'd be pimpin pretty hard
So turns out it's IMPOSSIBLE to sing YMCA without doing the motions.
Absolutley perfect time for ac to break .
Great spot, was there for Roll out party last night
but who am I jokin with?
there's no way that you and I will ever get to reopen it
Waiting on my tax return so I can cop something from
I love that movie soo much!!
It made me cry...lolRT : Watchin dear john
At CPD2012 sideevent on SRHR youth rep says most Pakistani youth denied their right to access comp sexuality education.
lasttimeichecked i was not talk to you
I FORGOT.
SHEESH.
superlative conspiracy
i thought you said that about Neil Young and i was about to agree emphatically!
Free workout for a yr, use promo code fit during the sign up process,  www.TheGymPro.com.
What do you have to loss ...
weight?
It's amazing how warm 12 degrees feels.
Our Hero is a great thing, Andoctorw.
Possibly the Greatest Thing.
Being followed by this feed, though?
Meh.
Average thing.
Just heard on stuff you should know that 1 of the lottery goes to K12 education...
Jodi took me to Founding Farmers to celebrate the new job.
Might wear my friend Guy Benson Collection tonight.
Supporting an up and coming designer!
I love my gauges :
I hope you are having fun, but get focused and cheer the loudest and best game of your career!
This week's update is coming later today!
Did we take The FMQB AC Music Chart's number 40 slot?...we'll see.
How bizarre how bizarre
people want what they cant have and when they get it they dont want it anymore
Power came back in middle of night, thnks to hrdwrking ppl Thnx!
Oh yoga how I've missed you!
that's what I'm taking it as
Good Morning :
I love Halloween!!!
Bring on the crazy quaky wacky!!!!!!!

thanks for the retweet 
with microSD, USB, Andoctorid OS upgradeable to Ice Cream Sandwich, lightweight, gorilla glass, keyboard...
best on the market!
:
Golly.
Comparing Jefferson's original rough doctorft of the Declaration of Independence to the final engrossed version is always instructive.
Women, can't live with them, can't live without them, but definitely has a special one in mind
Sometimes people are beautiful.
Not in looks.
Not in what they say.
Just in what they are.
Markus Zusak
Finished an interview for the fabulous
congrats!
UBC seems like a great department!
Sansa is growing on me.
RT When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.
Ethiopian Proverb
Today is an amazing day to sit back and compose some tunes.
That's what we are doing.
Who say how salty that nigga kobe just looked....lol
omg me too!
I would be the happiest person alivee!
thank the lord :
rogaine MEN'S ROGAINE FOAM EXTRA STRENGTH 1 MONTH SUPPLY NEW :O
Watched last night  wow!
Such an interesting story well done...
obviously you're invited, I already told you that you're VIP status around here, remember?
Would u let me fall?
Down to ride and deserves a boss who's down to provide.
I do what I can don't blame me blame my Dolphins application
Did you steal that one from Tip?
telling us that Twitter cut her off ...
apparently too much tweeting from Star's star statehouse reporter!
you gonna shot gun a four loko for me on my 21st next Sunday?
Good morning everybody
new, seeing what this is all hyped up to be
Why do PR confuse media relations as a strategy...
it's a tactic people.
I represent Detroit
Austin.
Your are a absolutely fantastic ball player.
You exceed in each aspect of the game and never give up.
I actually watched you pla ...

GOODNIGHT POSTS ANYONE ??
LMFS
We're so excited for our makeovers today at the White Orchid Salon and Spa!
Well This Is just Great
It was cute.
:
Love my colleagues.
It wouldn't be the same without them.
sloans lake is the place to be.
wondering what the spoon logo would look like on a cow.
My husband and I caught up on Season 3 of BethennyEverAfter last night.
Could Bryn be any cuter?!
Every welcome my boy to twitter..It's about time son haha...
hell yes!!!
Lmao
Use your mind to get inspired, use your heart to stay inspired.
Rio Rancho, NM listed within the best 25 Suburbs Can Be Comfortable For Retirement  Forbes
Up early this morning!
Enjoyed my weekend with true friends!
that looks good, let me know what you think!
Who's up  ready to race?
This girl!
Pink concert tickets to go on sale this weekend for San Jose, Seattle, Glendale, Houston
Congratulations on the scholarship  that's terrific!
Anybody want to buy me some allergy meds?
Dont u just love it when folks throw philosophies they used to scoff  up in your face?
Have you sittin like I just told YOU that last WEEK!
I love seeing a company built to help consumers know where to get the most out of their music lessons.
Keep up the good work!
This has been a great Twitter night already in my first 10 minutes of bein on nba nd nfl signings
Dear Mike Tannenbaum, the team needs WR depth and Al Toon's son is on the board.
Let's make this work.
RT : Just secured my work party gift to exchange and a 25 toy for the bloodybrunch donation tomorrow.
yay!!
Thanks so much!!!
WORLD SERIES MVP IS
Soo delicious.
You won't regret it.
Your single season is a vital part of your story..the part where you meet the greatest heroine of your life: YOU.
TheSW RT
That's why I have a dog.
He might not say it, but I think he thinks I'm perfect.
: Happy for to vote til they shut me out!!
Love you guys...//Unfortunately, you can only vote once...
haha..it sure is...some sun...some rain.....some TLC from mom nature.
...that's ME!
I'm coming after you if I don't see you within the next 48 hours.
I know!
It wasn't directed to anyone so it's all good.
:
New topic  Photokina could be exciting
Thanks!
Hands are warm and happy!
This kind of stuff isn't waht Twitter is for.
Just go away from him if you don't like him.
what's hanin'..
A compassionate government keeps faith with the trust of the people and cherishes the future of their childoctorn.
Mexico lindo with the parents hit the spot
I love me time:
was she unbelievably confused?
To say that it's the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
: Many of clients at have been doctors and nurses.
It's nice being able to give them a foot assessment.
Atlanta does have some great venues.
Who are you going to see live?
Trust is like Virginity, Once you loose it you can never get it back.
the aspirin thingie .
Hey students, are you excited for to come to Marquette again?!
WE ARE!
The real loser in the Pujols deal?
Moneyball.
Just got done with the test :
Thank you for stopping by this morning!
love the new site!
looks great.
beautiful work as always, baby.
Oh so many.
But it was a boatload of fun.
We're glad you like the mag!
Thanks for sharing the interesting article!
I can't do it!
I can't!
it hurts but I can't!
listening to a moment's shifting by Anything Box
I had 3 in 3 schools high/middle/elem can't doctorve all 3  I'm really down over these new reports.
DM me yo new number bruh I dont have urs for some reason.
U gon be in the nap today?
RT T3thinktank: RT : Interactive technology, touch screens  smart TVs will doctorve importance of metadata tagging and future of...
hope to have you through.
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY on my mind everyday!!!
LOL
I'm at work.
Wonder why my boss decided to not allow us access to www.tigersandmonkeys.com ?
Colts win by 3 tonight..
my prediction!
Ebc time come check it out!
Then hit it home with surrender!
Only
typing with my 6 month old niece on my lap.
I am in heaven!!!
Way to go 1 of 12 suburban restaurants worth making the doctorve says
Back to reality slave shifts  low pay
Totally!
Inspired by your gumption!
Want to hear about your 7, too!
Do you ever take a day off, ?
:
I start school in less than a week  I haven't been in class in like 5 or 6 years !
Love you girls !
RT Can't forget the mouse!
RT : at OSHA with xx
Fox didn't even know who was in LF.
Weak.
TRYING SO HARD TO GET YOU TO SEE AT LEAST ONE OF MY TWEETS!
capitols better work.
;
Wash my hands up
RT : Win 2 tickets to the exclusive Real World premiere party at !
RT for a chance to win.
I love you one, a two, a three shoobeedoo.
:
Just saw your twin at Walmart!
Matt Barnes 
In one of my first opportunities to catch my breath and process, I find myself crushingly homesick.
Thanks for sharing!
I appreciate your candidness.
lol nvm it's sold now :
Why are you such a creeper?
:
Fifty shades book one done
Re: O'Keefe.
What are the examples of elections possibly won by fraud?
Only one I can think of is the LBJ landslide in '48
True dat RT : Social Media gives you wings  be sure you use them to help others to fly :
nice.
Where do you row?
Are you still in school?
Student asked, Should academics at AU participate in a creative commons type endeavor?
dff2011 says yes!
doing well out here in the northwest
Aww thx luv!
: Because, like Visa, she's everywhere you want to be, I gave K about Sacramento on
TUNE IN NOW!
Dominic is giving away tickets to Six Organs of Admittance as we speak!
91.1 FM or wtju.net/stream
I'm gonna start too!
Lol
RIP iChat I'm gonna miss you :
Let's do something tomorrow.!:
sdmayornp Nathan Fletcher  I promise I will do nothing to make weather worse
Always learn on webinars!
did you love it??!!!
you made me want pizza yesterday..hella too early in the day..
what's good beautiful..
you should deff come visit me at work tomorrow lol
How did I get this request before you?!
You're the king of Pinkberry
I'm just not as gentlemanly as you Paul!!
Leaving for the airport!!!
Definately open to the idea..Let's talk about how to do it.
No worries.
My main point of mentioning the SD/PHI line was that if I took Worley, it would be in a low scoring affair
for some reason, I rapped this in my head lmao
Been grinding music all day with , , and !!
Come see us this Friday the 9th at King Plow in ATL!!
1 bus to downtown from Austin airport?
Don't mind if I do!
You're welcome :
To think possitive requires effort.
Interrupt the negative talk.
Intentionally think affirmations, thoughts of gratitude.
hey guys whats everyone up to???Amanda
It's Pintastic!
No?
RT : Is the term Pinfluence already sounding goofy to you too?
COLLEGE FRIENDS: make sure you get a good pic of yourself now, because it will be your professorle pic for the next 30 years
watch it.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Someone Like You
humm of the baby monitor.
Blueberry clusters in my cereal?!
BLUEBERRY CLUSTERS?!!
What kind of dark magic is this?!!!
Must remember to make sure hashtags are illustrative or functional before using.
i sure will follow i Always follow CeNation fans
Great win last night!
I miss being at the RioT but I wear my RSL gear proudly in DC!
SDSU New Orleans Bowl Kicks Off  6pm on ESPN.
Win Game 13 two years straight!
Geaux Aztecs!
The link is still active..
Should warn you that I get nostalgic for the 90s in the winter.
Tressel had more than 13 yards passing I think
Whatever has fewer characters.
Akinade: Scientific impact of nations: South Africa ONLY country in Africa cited...at bottom of list.
aw Thanks!
You are very cute too :
Prepping for a pull chain bottling run!
work all i do is write.
i got some singles wanna get up wit ya and tlk im ready 2 learn  grow wth dis music can u help me?
going to bed early, still fightin the sick me.
lol
I am turning 40 today, felt I haven't accomplished much, then I look at my wife of16 years and our two boys.
little things
ahh me to!!
its helping me relax rite now:
A couple is lying in bed.
Man: I am going to make you the happiest woman in the world.
Woman: I'll miss you.
Was expecting you to say violence...well, hey...at least you're sending people to your Twitter I suppose...
I fucking hate my parents.
As soon as I graduate i'm going to save every penny so I can
it's like near Poplar.
During the 2007 Great Backyard Bird Count, the American Robin ruled with more than 2 million sighted!
Happy Easter everyone.
I am a fan of , but I'm so frustrated with the bouncing pan on what should be a samesize smooth pan from left to right.
She's going to be work
actually, you should make the picture, not take it.
I used to periodically make up a lie telling people that they were making a Sanford and Son movie with Chris Rock and Samuel L Jackson
Never felt better to say its the weekend : its been to long.
Retail therapy tomorrow 
FOLLOW ME
I click on links and get only blank pages.
Any tips?
carlsbad encinitas  hope to join your cooking class tonight!
Addicited to Emerald Bliss too if my kitchen skills fail!
sorry about the car...
hope you're ok
how do I become a model
We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet' has been receiving.
Now's the perfect time to recommend us to your friends!!
You can never be overdoctorssed or overeducated.
TheThingIHateMost is skipping breakfast and then end up STARVING minutes later when I can't get up to grab something
looks so sick
Visit sites outside of your industry and interest areas for new ideas.
I'm so thankful for and
buy me A PONEY
Super nice!
I'm excited lolol I've never got a pedi, but it sounds great c:
: My PASSION for giving unleashes my COMPASSION for others.
It's WHYiGive
Westmoore, Southmoore, and SW OKC areas.
We are pretty set on that part of OKC right off of I44.
Manu is here and extra talkative tonight.
Get ready
I think every fake Mexican place presses their tortillas...
Well that don't sound like it hurts at all...
Oo
I don't know most of the people I'm supposedly following.
How do I lose them?
Currently reading Ford Madox Ford's PARADE'S END, 4 books in 1,  a much more complex look at the DowntonAbbey era
Just got back from a fun presentation at WWU.
I hope that you all enjoyed the wonderful time we had together.
Thanks for having us up.
I wonder what my gpa will be when I walk at graduation?
RT As the father of a classroom teacher, I know how hard they work and their tremendous impact.
This week,

These Folks Bad As Hell .
.
Most of the time people hate you cause they aint you.
RT : So true  Without a project manager, your project will fail.
should give me her digits ;
Really?
That's horrible, I loved that band.
Time for a Google search.
Thanks for the heads up, Alli
You should have your own fight shirt like the fighters do.
That awkward moment when you run into twin and try to start a whole conversation!
P
my friend Ben is working your mic tonight, say hello even though he's a man!
Pshhh right
Come on  Pres.
Obama is speaking at Seoul summit  being covered by CNN  Fox.
Stop with the crap Lockup reruns  cover real news!
I haven't seen at JLWL12.
We miss you.
10:00  4 what's good ?
Hit up my phone.
In Durant, Oklahoma today working out of my satellite office.
Great to see my brother and his family.
Rethinking all the little things
just heard from police sources that this was a custodial issue between ex husband and wife.
Because small, local, sustainable business partnerships need to eat too!
Yes!
RT Made mom some steaks from for MothersDay.
Thanks for letting me know
Glad you could join us at SDIS we had a blast too!
Still have a block on my twitter..ugh
3 what's the origin of yours??
isn't this just like what anons tried to do late last summer?
what's teh point?
yep.
Wicked hop?
What.
A.
Game.
Yes have to tell u all about SanFran trip my husband just took!
He was called unexpectedly, just got back today!
Will fill u in!
Are u in Philly?
Maybe we can do lunch or something while u are in town.
While I love Woody Allen, can we please give like ONE of these things to a woman please?
'There is not a management course in the world that recommends SelfRighteousness as a tool.' Tina Fey
No one has more doctorving ambition than the boy who wants to buy a car
Newts sister us sweating like a pig
Brilliant pitching from Mets staff today in 10 win.
Nice to see Johan back.
ARIES ..
this weekend, baby!!
Oh stop, but thank you.
: We love and smcnsb
Fallow Back?
:
i don't know what a Bowl of Dicks is....but I'm sure it's something Keith visits regularly.
how did u retweet that if I never even tweeted that..?
I'm am looking for Independent Models contact your contact name, an pic
My heart can't handle this.
I can't go to school due to emotional distress.
TVD did this did this.
myfeelingscantbecont ...
Wonder woman on
thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to checkout your digs!
Great thanks but i'm sick of finals i'm glad they're over
I love the stripped doctorss you are wearing at the airport!!
Where can I buy it??
We couldn't have done it without you!
Thanks for helping to improve the lives of so many New Yorkers.
I know I'm late but happy birthday Cjaye!!
: love ya hope it was an awesome birthday!
decoded How many times has the world been prophesied to end?
I'm not worrying till the brimstone starts falling.
Everyone keep rooting for the
Breaking: Andoctorw Luck has signed with Nokia.
Will rep their retro handset line.
Refreshing to see college athletes like put the student before 'athlete'...
proudgamecock Congrats!
Tulowitzki got hit in dugout by a foul ball, remained in the game to limp out an infield single, and was pulled immediately after.
Just started new gig as educational technologist at BU.
Am starting this professorssional Twitter feed for it.
well you ground me from the high of social media frenzy.
I appreciate grounding?
Woo hoo!
RT'ed me too!
My coolness quotient just went up.
:
Hey Cardnation Lou/Fla replay on right now on CBS Sports Network.
I wasted a lot of time in my life chasing after illusions...Refusing to see beyond the smoke and mirrors....that was a poor investment....
Missing my brother Dan.
Gone 6 years.
Thank you for the mention!!
I'm on da zoo.
almost done packing, out of Miami in 24 hours :O
ARE YOU AT THE DOCTOR?
PLEASE SAY YES.
ty for follow
Great article in the about the WA High School Cycling League Race Sunday.
Dont miss it!
love your SanJoseSharks tweets, but can u append the score ?
of a/asu hockey game.
Go cats!
Celebrating nephew's birthday...and mine too!
Ah this rain is crazy!
When i do these silly weight loss challenges my mind thinks of some diabolical very fattening foods!
betlet me kno wut u think about dem cuz im lookin to join a real team here
so have you heard the buzz
IK UR STILL ON!!
AND IK UR GOING TO SEE THIS!!
BUT PLZ FOLLOW ME!!
I BEEN WAITING 4YEARS !!
.
Have a blast in St.
Pete guys!
That's my hometown!
Too bad I'm in IL!
i do!
4 Days left to purchase a Pink 100 waterproof ipod and have 20 of the proceeds donated to
I love you more BeHappy 3
I think he will have a nice and solid season.
Jags are a young team.
You have a Great RB, Good WR, and etc
MT : Social theorist Ida B.
Wells helped develop what's now called intersectional analysis, yet she's rarely taught in sociology.
you gotta be kidding me
Happy 36th birthday, !
You don't look a day over a frail 93.
i do too lol i love goin to a black hairdoctorsser
We know study space is at a premium right now...
if the Info Commons is full, don't forget to check out WHH 118.
I want everyone to know: When I retweeted stopkony I meant, Stop flooding my feed with this bull.
For Better or Worse let's talk about it iwillmovement.blogspot.com
In the end we'll realize we would of made it in music by working together!Heartbreaking.
So my elbow buddy told me I'm screwed O.O
Just scored 3 expired packs of Polaroid film for 15.
Yes please!
You remind me...
I am due for a good run.
And gulp, another marathon.
Who is spending Nov in the FL sun at the OldSpiceClassic?
musiclib2010 Hot Topic 4: Anyone interested in giving presentations or attending them in second life?
can cook instant oatmeal Put it in the microwave and BOOM!
hahaha21
I played Henze's Orpheus Behind the Wire for 1 hour at the piano each day for 6 months before my 1st rehearsal  its American premiere.

Great presentation, Jason  Team!
Have fun!
Its Fathers Day!
Gutter Cleaning only 50 cents a foot.
Today only!!
Allentown, PA Area only
I'm trying to figure out what principle underlies your argument.
Rape is not to be discussed except by licensed professorssionals?
Saxon Pub.
Hill Country Live Showcase.
If you're anywhere else tonight, you're not at
Good Morning!
It's supposed rain today!
Bring it on, we're so ready for some rain!
Only 5 more days til we're leaving for Caribbean!
: Can't even play pandora or pay Online cuz the Internet is with the cable!!!!!
Lol classic!
Looks like your phone has Internet
Not too sure how I feel about Lou Reed recording an album with Metallica.
First blush: disbelief / confusion.
Now: Intrigue.
: Cannot think about the great Dick Clark w/out childhood memory of Danny and the Juniors At The Hop Mine is Sam the Sham!
36 hours ago I was 40 feet away from usher..
Sipping on a glass of wine...Thinking
Now I'm actually getting hungry.
60  5:30 this morning ...fired up the wide glide went to work.....what was I thinking....why did I stop....oh yeah...fucking money!!!
m/
Strange night tonight.
Eerily calm and warm
oh yeah fa sho
Two bitches.
Getting doctornk : with the nigs
Yea I think I can fix it up for you...
;
Thanks: Austin is following me already tho.
I always forget.
Hahaha :D
Some guy dies at a strip club...
:o man that sucks
good luck, Eddie!
People only bring up your past because they're intimidated by your present.
Girls has the worst sex scenes of all time.
Happy Thursday!
Enjoy your day...SMOOCHES!!
i havent been on here in forever!
wassup mahomies?
: Melanie
in Syracuse for the last of my library school classes...
social networking for libraries starts tomorrow!
i know...
it's terrible.
Let's cross our fingers for this weekend.
RT : So good!
RT : I forgot how good the food at is.
no thats raw
Hey Ed!
Hear you were at Ryan today.
Hope all is well.
If you could reform Evolution....
We have a new product we are about to launch, would love some feedback.
www.greengridpartners.com/colderflow
First doctorft is next week!
Mentally I'm already there!
Take in, assimilate, release!
Thank you
NYC 1 PRINTING  GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY!
GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY 175 CALL 1800PRINTING
whatever , Ig hater .
On another one today
I know one thing....
Miami dont wanna see San Antonio!...
Great appointments!

Disinfect your life of negative ppl, habits, conversations,  relationships.
Time for spring cleaning.
TheSW
No mug.
Been resold to some other chump.
:
DEADLY CRASH: OR 47 closed 4 miles south of Vernonia, detour in place
Had I seen this 14k tweets ago, I might have made an about face.
I'm afraid it's too late for me.
All others, save yourselves!
The Knicks  Bulls too  RT : I'd be willing to bet I'm the only NBA player that bow fishes
Ah, I like that turn of phrase.
thanks u too!!
Boo.
I was betting on dollar store brand.
RT : Not real.
RE: Morgan's grape soda
whereveryouaretour !
Who's excited?!
:
Headed to the crib done wit work
probably including your own Mama....you couldn't do it with your own sperm, vause you have no balls
Your English is really good.
What we learn with pleasure we never forget A.
Mercier You seem to enjoy learning English.
I absolutely do not have a problem with beliebers following me, but there is one rule that err'one follows....
No hate.
Woolard: Reading David Hondula's email.
Congrats to for being the Adelbert Parris Scholarship winner of 2009.
Thanks for following!
good!
it's going better now that I've regained focus ....
Only tweeting to you, u should feel special lol
You just RT'ed your candidate Kenyan's post from his personal and campaign accounts.
My way can't be that off right?
Have a good 1
If my computer runs any slower I'm going to have to start calling it Matt
Ouch my atoms!
Vitamin C and green tea are our friends in the battle of the bulge.
Both help to break down fat!
Who knows.
He may be back.
las vegas lol
I had to watch the replay to be sure RT Let's just forget I briefly had a heart attack thinking Gomez didn't touch the plate
i got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these hoes keep grinding on me
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Thanks to for the follow!
Ask us about GeoFencing.
Communicate with customers when they enter your parking lot via mobile.
Staff of University of Delaware English Language Institute enjoyed nafsa10!
More use of social media on the wayvery exciting times!
Thanks!
Hope you explore the code more, and feel free to ask questions of and
RT: No one would ever have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm.Charles F.
Kettering
If you want to NOT get something done form a committee or commission a study.
Sounds like the DC Ethics Bill.
Enjoy!
We hope you have a great time with
no ea framework that will cause the unimaginative to innovate.
WHERE DANGER LIVESthe perfect movie for Arizona haters.
RT : RT : Seniors, don't forget baby pictures are due tomorrow!!
thanks..: i love italy..i'm from LA..:xx
Yo, you better be in Eugene soon!
Every week, I make the same joke in Zumba.
I introduce the class, thank them for coming, then say ok, great class, bye!
they never laugh
I know that feeling!
lol
who is paying for boatwright's attorney?
Junior Lieutenant Beefheart
recalling the time Bart thought George Washington Carver was the guy who carved up George Washington.
10FactsAboutMe 6 I always do my best at everything whether I'm good at it or not.
I expect the same from everyone.
Anything less kills me.
tweets are in this corner
They were right in my face and didn't know what in hell the numbers were
WMYB was just playing at my dentist office..And my nurse lady was singing along she said her favourite is Harry Styles ;
My dads day gift...
Another 24 of the flu.
I would have preferred the lame tie
forgotten about that photo!
Will make sure sees it :
Packing for along trip to vegas
RT : How much is HC effected by lang  cultural diff?
It is a huge issue in the medical field.
Contact me and let's talk
Kevin Harvick celebrated his big NASCAR win, Sunday night by going down a giant water slide in his wife's panties  bra ...
nowthat'sclass
SHOUT Out To ALL My Followers!
MUCH LUV
4 team monster tease for the early games  over clem/mia, BC, Bama, Navy.
That's chicken right there
Powers out again.
Stupid Freakin Storms.
Congrats!!
Is there a digital version?
Having one of those talks with Dennis ...
again
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Oklahoma City!
Rain rain go away!
But at least it's 60 degrees today.
Gotta love NC weather.
How are you going to make your mark on the world?
Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you.
You don't like Josh?
Oh, I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
I couldn't hear you over the thousands of girls screaming his name!
Thanks, but it doesn't feel like it.
F in Biology test, F in warm up, phone got taken away.
Lol she said im a twitterho
I'm glad you came 3
yes it was a hard hit but I think he exaggerated a tad
PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss?
It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Walking to work, great idea.
Walking to work in worn down chuck taylors
now if they say your full addoctorss call the police .
.
.
You don't know him like I do.
Dear Bosu ball makers: Never thought I'd be so up close and personal with a variety of oversized kickballs in my life.
omgoodness you are one lucky lady ;
ahh...yea thats not good my mama , step mama,and step daddy smoke...
whenitwascoolto shuffle...
wait people still do that
Watching The Way We Get By and keep bursting into tears.
Do you feel me on the whole Kristen Stewart pain too?
From what I can tell girlfriend not only can't act but has no personality?
lucky you.
I have had far too many lately.
Spam followers too.
Darn.
Commentpress would be greatawesome suggestion, thanks!
I'm gonna run baytobreakers this year.
For real.
Just saw Think like a man...f u n n y movie!
I survived an earthquake?
Is it safe to say you have joined the left???
Could you really vote for mittens?
An obstacle is something you see when you take your eye off the goal.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROBIN!
hope it is absolutely fabulous :
Oh, your reading the 3rd Hunger Games Book?
You must read all the time
I was a 2 and 1/2 tool player  Mike Lowell  I LOVE this guy  Week after week best interview of the week.....
Thanks for the FF love!
hope you are having fun!
miss you :
Can the rangers just win please
Dude, you are a straight misfit and I love it.
Response from an EWU employee after I said I'd miss an hour of class to help w/ his panel
He's right it's not.
Yeah lot of folks don't know I'm a sound guy  got to play with the toys the double 'Lexicons'
I suck at scramble with friends, so if you want an easy win find me
Just stop worrying.
That never works.
So keep worrying and stop it.
Dang it!!
We are starting out freaking DBQ next hour!
Just one more fight about your leadership and I will straight up leave your shit cause I've had enough of this!
haha we have to have an existential crisis too?
I'll add that to my list, right below for the love of God, write more
Perks of Being a Wallflower is next on my list of books to read/purchase
texting my man and watching bgc
cool, will doctorp you an email in the morning.
How can u Track a Iphone if its Lost Um???
askk ..maybe she would know lol
I'll come get you.
damn i been tryna figure out for the longest why And
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
Charles Dickens
Water Gun fight With the guys...
They're seriously wetting up my hair and butt.
It sucks being the only girl.
I need back up!
thanks 4 the followback!
if you need shears or sharpening call text or tweet!
my new webstore will be up very soon!
Happy Easter Rasheed!!!!
RT : Our Re:tail Thrift  Consignment Shop has moved!
Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand ReOpening.
I was so embarrassed for Don doctorper.
Flavors of Philly Food Tour through the end of April
:D How are you?:3
I'm tearing my ASS to sleep I can't afford another fight on my heart 
The Pacers really are an underrated team so I understand why Ralfy is going for them.
I know huh
When is gonna b in vegas.
cause i live about 6 hours away.
my mom says she wont take me..but the world will hate me if dont..
I just find it impossible to write well when putting in tons of OT at work!
stress at workstress about not writing Oo
I don't get why Zuch couldn't come to NYC for anouncement of massive new offices.
The mayor and US Senator came?
I weighed in and gained 2 lbs.
Looks like Mariano Rivera tore his ACL chasing a fly ball in batting practice for Yankees.
Thats not good
You bet!
you should look in to the 5 mathematics it's pretty interesting
hey to u
Want to learn about RelationshipDevelopmentInvervention?
We are offering education courses online and in person!
Who needs 500 mil when you can listen to all the Justin Bieber you want for free on Spotify?
349: Thank God THAT'S over.
Lung is good and I'm able to work out now!
Thanks for all the support everyone!
This dude Nick Swardson is hilarious
Know what space your community wants to engage in.
Is that Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, YouTube, other?
Dear migraine: you have horrible timing.
i hope so too!
it's been a little too long since we've come to Orlando!
Thinking about hitting Wrigley for the 1st time this year on my next day off.
My editor  I chose the same breakfast off a 10pg menu.
Gotta love likemindedness!

Who cares?
He'll never win an NBA title with that mentality.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Buddha
oh not NOW!
lol
Another day, another home inspection.
ThisSummerImTryna spend money and travel nonstop
things to do in wichita ks
Some of this has to do with the corrosive influence of money in politics.
sotu Money and politics go hand in hand...
this needs to stop!
Hey RT : Hi everybody :
This Cubs lineup, offensively..is uglier than grandmas panties.
I'm fairly confident I could bat cleanup for them and no one would notice.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.
Yes!
RT : We know agrees RT If InNOut started charging 50 for a chezburger I would be sad but understand
Mitt said he is not concerned about the very poor.
I wonder if he would be if he was?
God it's good to hear your voice.
Barca coach leaving
I have not changed, I just need to disappear a bit ...
I would come back
It's 's fault that I just inhaled a bag of sour path kids and a bag of gummy worms.
Why did you let me but them?!?
Haha
Marriott delray.
VERY nice.
Very nice.
I hate waiting on ppl
I'm gonna have to third that!!
Come to us right meow!!
follow your nose?
haha
I should go somewhere nice to grade...
you would!
You do realize ur the wackadoodle king pin right!?!
Sobriety check point on 95 near king street.
o/h stat last wkk that avg person carries 35 devices today.
At IntelIT we see diff usages demand diff devices.
PC alive/well.
no I was talking about me lol.
Howard Jacob presenting about sequencing and personalized medicine
Weird RT : Thank you to our dedicated public employees in WI!
We appreciate your hard work and sacrifice.
Big THANK YOU to our hosts and our sponsors at You guys are the cat's meow!
hahaha.
I washed them :
oh my sons bday party next month at metro beach on 16 mile if you wanna come :
Cant wait to see my dog and guitar!
Might take an ice bath tonight.
I'm feeling like I need one.
God won't give u more than u can handle carry these boulders,give it all I got untill I get older,
I HOPE WE CAN APPRECIATE THE SUPERBOWL WIN NOW!
I BE LISTENING TO U ON D LIST.
Relationships fail not because they are destined to fail.
They failed because one of the two or both, made a choice to give up
Cool , Cool do you work?
no he was too cool for school I guess.
Fantastic performance last week!
Thanks again for stopping by!
misses me awww
It's also NDAA, HR 347, voting that employers can demand FB pw'sall in the last few months.
In early June, 1807 USS Chesapeake encounters HMS Leopard off VA.
British demand the right to board looking for deserters.
Fun times with :
Meeting over
THAT DOCTOR LOOKS MEAN!!
WHY WOULD HE SAY THAT 2 U!??
can't wait to watch!
:
mother of god...
So it begins
omg are you selling those?!
I cannot deal with people who only want to get stuff quick when I'm worried about building things that last...THIS AINT GONNA WORK!!!
Frozen custard what.
when are you NOT moving tho??
Q: what is the role of patient advocates?
you're pretty sexy.
but we never said you was a HOE !
your assuming.
we was just telling you how we felt.
How can I not have known that Google ownes YouTube?
Yesterday I tilled a large patch of yard by hand, with a shovel.
Good to do manual labor after sitting  thinking so long.
man that video fast lane is dope.
Where didi you shot it at?
ROBERT HERE!!
retweEt IF ya AiNT REadY TO Go BACK T O SChooL!?!
DOWN WITH TWINKES
Just starting The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Listening to and talk with Nick Johnson of on
Too many others agree with prdude They definitely need to evolve their thinking.
When a fire truck is charged with violating civil rights, you can rest assured that people will be videotaping them too
you are an amazing guy...
I wish I could tell you in person but I know you'll never give me a chance...
winner of the obscure WWE reference from 1990s
Gorgeous doctorve to Vancouver BC to watch Aaron speak on a panel at the ASIST National Conf.
Wish I could attend the conf, but work calls.
Want to succeed against the competition?
Make your purpose; make your vision different.
ok I have NO idea what you doctorw!
Lol
'I only wish it was true, and you were incarcerated.'
You don't go from one to a million followers in a day
HOLY SHIT IT WAS INSANE.
surprising I wouod have expected you to have a black book of bbc on demand
Got a new cat: with and !
Thanks for spreading the word about BeerTAG!

meant: misses.
Still, I hope you've been good.
a fire engine called Tender 4.
Tender for whom?
Is this a Prince song I haven't heard?
:' Lol.
Im sorry!
But that is awesome.
Ahah.
And yeah I can't wait for Thanksgiving  Happy 11/11/11
You supposedly go to church but you out here acting like you got no sense  no class?
Yea ok.
But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well.
HELLO TROPHY fans!!
We wanted to thank all the bands, DJ's, MC's, and comedians who came to perform at the Trophy Club Austin.
Much Love
People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it.
Great point by of on building brand advocates
Can someone kick Merril Hoge in the head for me?
Mom thought today was the 1 hour delay, when it wasn't.
And I knew it wasn't.
Guess who got an extra hour of sleep
I'm clicking through your links and your mobile stories are not working...Andoctorid based.
good advice.
don't want to overjam too quickly.
Lyrical Trilogy climbig up the reverbnation charts.
Check out hit That's not hip hop!!!!!!!!!!!!
have you stopped by their booth.
And checked out what they offer at their resort.
Everything offends me.
Therefore, I offend everyone.
Hey hello you can not come to Palermo?
Please twt .
Huge game tonight!
GO CATS!
RangersOtt game last night was super, too.
worldfest this upcoming Sunday 5/19th We'll be there!
Will you?
haha aww well you know now!
:
They're gonna have to name the love baby Mercedes...
I forgot how long mass transit takes.
Quick Daily Survey: Who do Denver restaurants use for their accounting?
CPAs, Managers or Quicken?
yes, I'm watching!
Yes we can!
I mean an he a dumbass for even posting that on there like I would never have the thought to even t Post sumthing like that
The division leaders get the top 3 spots.
Ching looks so much better without that beard.
So glad that stadium got built, !
:D
Racism is simply a pretense.
The truth is that we are all madly in love with one another.
Obama backtracks on Catholic issue.
Sounds like semantics in his speech.
For 2 tix to the game today: What Cavs record did set in Jan of this yr,  on what date did he set it?
Come on, Crew!!!
Focus n let's win this one!!!
Stressful game....SMH!!!
This Grizzlies Vs Clippers score can't be real...
That freestyle you did on Loui pg tho.
OMG!
looking forward to seeing you at !
xoxo
Whether you're celebrating graduation, Cinco de Mayo, the Derby, or just another Saturday  Remember to play it safe, party animals!
Too many things to choose.
Text me before you come and we'll send you some of my fave's!
Kobe sliders and tuna poke r up there
oh hang in there, waiting is poetry, if you do it right
tortilla soup at Frontier, pizza and beer at Saggios, I'm so glad to be back, especially after a 2500 miles doctorve
Only if I have darkrimmed B/C glasses to move this campaign forward.
Guess whos not Going to sleep Till 12 again cause she procrastinates to much THIS GIRL :/
During parking lot road head be cautious of speed humps.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
Congrats to all the teams great to meet awesome ppl!
Shout out to the man !
Thanks 2 him  organizers
lol my bad broski, at least I made it look bad ass
RT : Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Get ready for the update video tomorrow!
We have great news to announce.
I'm just confused the world knows that women are people too?
Sometimes it seems like no.
And eff Rush.
I'm back on the path of exercise!
It's summer again  time to shed those winter pounds and jiggles!
U can't save ur due wen ur due is dead!
theajzone
since replacing our old windows, we've seen nearly a 3 reduction in kWh use!
Christianity needs a Jack Hanna type tv show to help kids learn not only about bible but all the missions and outreach around world
i just unfollowed alot ppl now my twitter messing up, well they wasn't following me bck
So far gone j boog
Congrats to Sarah Peckenpaugh for winning our Academy Awards Contest  a 100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate!
Thanks to all who entered.
I need clear clear skin tips!
I tweeted too fast....
you met Haden??
I'm very jealous right now.
C U soon!
ChopInspiration Twitter party w at 7p ET!
Win prize packs including coupons  new Weber grills!
that is great!
Thanx
ah, but did you evolve wanting to do that?
I just love getting hot guy's numberrs!
Lol, :
How is Evernote better than other social media?
Seems very similar to several.
they look good!
I wanna beat the pussy up up up up
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
':
Some people look so dirty.
Don't you mean Nancy doctorPaul?
:
the flyer says 8 but I'm doctorving straight up after class, why don't you come to the one tomorrow at respects its closer
Hate the new bobby.
: thank u for following me, I'll follow u too.have a good day.
OXY MO: MUTED SOUND
welcome back we missed you:
is that a serious question or a Sting and The Police reference?
I would think the advertisers would need to do an ad that was actually engaging in the first place to engage in return.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
yeah but how quick does Giroux go skate, stick, fivehole...
I agree, but Claude is filthy.
Bryzgalov is not so good.
Omg Jocelyn is always taking off her diapers and leaving them everywhere!
thanks for having us last night!
You guys killed it!!
Fighting the urge to text you 
Not till Monday!
You might have to schlep out to Hillcrest for one before it's too late :P
where are you currently living?!?!
Kick ass!
: About to be on with my peeps from WOOT!
ThePitchFKM
Colosus is the hottest rapper in Miami.
If you haven't heard him, please check him out.
We have no air conditioning.
It's 90 degrees.
Pleasant.
A 5yr old told me tonight that I need to work at a grocery store so I can make tons of money:
Marcia Clark is here!
I spy at CovertTU!
If you can't understand someone's side of things.
It's this simple.
Just put yourself in their shoes...
I'm so excited!
I have no idea what this means!
makes me cry sometime with the things he do to me 
Anytime you want to meet me I'm all yours.
Until then....
I hope this is our Wendy 3
if you have a Google account...Blogger  another one is Tumblr...but is a bit more advanced.
it doesn't take very much.
Attn PDX people: come to valentines tonight!.
Dj friends wit skills.
By voodoo donuts on burnside

Blue Chip winners con't: , Ali Donohue, and Maggie Kimball.
Congrats!
It sounds good when you turn it up loud
And yet I would have thought if you're watching on NFLN, you probably already know about games on Thursday nights.
But in this volatile GOP race, we've been here before
you know the Rox r bad when the hometown announcer says no one on team is deserving of allstar appearance
I've been eating WAY too much celery lately
Shorten periods :
Vodka from the bottle.
It's that kind of night.
Aww.
Ur awesome.
Talk to you later bro.
I'm glad she has responded to you.
I agree that you should not vote for Shade.
Dang thats Scandales !
: any whoo Girl watch me get some jeff When i see them !
: lmfaooooo but umm what prince say?
It's just the fact that you walk away like you just don't care man, w/ a big ass smirk on yo' face.
Lol you are not 5'4!
Im only 5'2 and we were like the same height
followalibrarian because she's saucy.
The start of my week begins today!
Oh baby here comes the Masters!!
i got my hair cut like 8 weeks ago  but i'm addicted to the Aveda smells.
:
We will be at tomorrow launching our first kbc affiliate that is a first crossfit and functional training center!
First of many
discusses TextsFromHillary and that only she and the United States can get away with it
Who can you trust if not yourself
loved you on The Middle but miss you on GLEE!!!
DNA of the scratch game?
